1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
42d Coxg....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
lion, still extending its dominion, and, unless
it shall be checked, will make the conquest of
the entire South.
One of the excuses set up for it in North
Carolina is the alleged mismanagement ofState
affairs by Republican officials. The excuse
wholly fails ; the pretense is false. Whatever
mismanagement may have taken place in the
affairs of the State could furnish no possible
excuse for the crimes that have been com-
mitted, and the commission of these crimes
was in nowise calculated to remedy the abuses
complained of.
But how is it in the State of Kentucky, where
all the offices, both State and county, are in
the hands of the Democratic party? If there
be abuses in the government of Kentucky
they are committed by Democratic officials,
for which it would be unreasonable to hang,
shoot, and whip tho^ Republicans : and yet the
outrages that are being committed from day to
day in the State of Kentucky almost rival in
atrocity and frequency those that have existed
in North Carolina.
Mr. President, I received yesterday a copy
of the Frankfort Commonwealth, published in
the city of Frankfort, Kentucky. It is a very
respectable paper, and I wish to read an extract
from it:
"The context does not alter the meaning or force
of the above extract. It means what it says, and
nothing else. Senator Stevenson,therefore, says that
during the three and a halfy ears of his administration
as Governor ' half a dozen instances of violence did
occur, not more, and what did they amount to ?' To
show the utter misstatement here made, ws have
hastily glanced over our files during the time men-
tioned and collated a number of instances of vio-
lence, not of indi vidua! difficulty or personal alterca-
tion, but general or mob-iike in their nature. We
have not collected the tenth part of the cases which
were heralded in the public prints of the day. From
these cases it appears that eighty-one persons died
by mob violence, seventy were shot or whipped,
besides the iimunaerable number who abandoned
their homes for fear of their lives. We specify
briefly the instances collated."
Here follow the names, places, and dates
of one hundred and fifteen affairs, in some of
which two or three or half a dozen persons were
injured ; and the article concludes thus :
"All these various outrages which we have hastily
colla ted occurred during the administration ot Gov-
ernor Stbvkxson, which began September 12,1SG7,
and closed February 13.' 1871, and embrace the three
years and a half alluded to in his speech in the Sen-
ate. Shortly after his retiraey, Jacob Lighter was
hung by Ku Klux in Shelby, (February 16; }a masked
band rescued Scroggins from jail in Frnnkfort, (Feb-
ruary 21;) and a band attacked Uailou's store, in
Franklin county, and Rucker was killed, (March 11.)
"Yet Senator Stevenson says not more than half
a dozen cases of violence have occurred, and asks,
'Whatdotbcy amount to?'"
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from In-
diana will remember that I expressly stated
when I was up before that in the enumeration
of what he terms Ku Klux outrages I did not
intend to include and did not designate the
earlier cases which grew out of a conflict be-
tween two armed parties in the State. A sort
ofvigilance committee was instituted to uphold
the law as they supposed ; that is, to punish
wrong doers. That got up a different organ-
ization, and they bad a conflict of arms ; and
some of the cases, in my judgment, which are
enumerated there, occurred in consequence
of this conflict of opposing parties which I
called out the militia to put down, and which
J did put down.
Mr. MORTON. This society of the Ku Klux
is the result of a general purpose, of a matured
plan for the subjugation of the South by a
party that is in hostility to the Government of
the United States, by the party which organ-
ized and conducted the rebellion. It proposes
to gain the supremacy by driving Republicans
into submission and silence, or by compelling
them to fly from the State. It electioneers by
murder, and persuades men by the lash and
destruction of their property. It seeks to
waste the courage of men and their devotion
to principle by causing them to go to bed at
night with a dread that they maybe murdered
and their houses destroyed by fire before morn-
ing. It works by means that sap the mental
as well as the physical strength of men and
lead them to sacrifice their principles and their
feelings to purchase security for themselves and
their families. It leaves no room for neutral-
ity. All must take their stand upon the one
side or the other—absolute submission upon
the one hand, or total insecurity for life and
property upon the other.
But as a party policy, it is short-sighted and
wickedly, foolish. Victory purchased by blood
cannot be permanent or glorious. The spots
which it makes upon the escutcheon of the
party can never be washed out, but will deepen
and redden from generation to generation.
The blood which is spilled cries from the
ground, and in a few years the avenger will
come and punishment will fall suddenly and
terribly upon the criminals.
The mantle of the Democratic party is broad,
but it is full of rents, and is not broad enough
to cover these crimes from the world.
The Democratic party may say that it has
not committed these crimes; but the judgment
of mankind will be that it has held the gar-
ments of those who did ; that it has stood by
in approving silence; that it has uttered no
word of condemnation ; that it has raised no
hand to bring the guilty to punishment; and
while it may not have been the actual perpe-
trator of the deed, yet it has received the polit-
ical profits that result from its perpetration.
The Democratic party can relieve itself from
these terrible imputations by denouncing the
crimes, by admitting their existence, by unit-
ing with others for their suppression, by show-
ing a willingness to use all the means that may
be within their power to protect life, liberty,
property; but failing to do these things, it will
be held responsible by the verdict of history.
The subject is painful to me, and I would
to God that I had never had occasion to men-
tion it in this Chamber. It affords me no
pleasure to publish to the world the crimes
and misdoings of the people in any part of my
country. I would, if it were possible, if it
were consistent with truth and justice, bury
them in oblivion. Bat I cannot do that. That
is beyond my power, or the power of the Dem-
ocratic party. The best remedy for these
evils is their full and complete exposure, that
they may be known, understood, and exe-
crated by all men, so th-it a public opinion
may be created which shall have power for
their ultimate suppression. To remain silent
from any cause is to approve of these crimes,
is to encourage their continuance, is to give
to their perpetrators security and impunity.
We cannot remain silent without becoming
participants, without implicating ourselves in
the deed.
It is not quite a year ago that I endeavored,
in a speech on the Georgia question, to lay
before the Senate and the country the condi-
tion of the South as I then understood it. I was
not able to tell a hundredth part of the truth.
What I knew was bad enough. But 1 was met
with stern incredulity upon thisfloor, and even
in portions of the Republican press. Those
Republicans who then doubted doubt no more.
Those voices that were then lifted up on the
Republican side of this Chamber to rebuke
me are now silent. The terrible truth lias
forced itself upon the knowledge of all men,
and the duty now rests upon all men to rise up
and bear witness against it.
The persistent declarations of northern poli-
ticians that the reconstruction acts arc uncon-
stitutional and void, that the people of the
South have a right to resistthem, and that the
Governmentof theUnited States has wickedly
oppressed these people and wantonly inflicted
upon them disabilities and degradation have
largely conduced to their present unhappy con- I
dition. The southern mind, irritated by de-
feat, accepted these declarations as evidence
of sympathy and of the justness of their cause,
and the Crimea and outrages that have been
committed are in great part the natural and
inevitable result. Had these politicians ad-
vised the people of the South to accept the
situation and accommodate themselves to the
result, who can doubt that peace, good-will,
and prosperity would have been restored ?
To the motives of the leaders of the Dem-
ocratic party I impute nothing. I have no
right to sit in judgment upon them. God alone
is the searcher of hearts. From their stand-
point they doubtless believe they are doing
right. But of the consequences of their action
I have a right to speak, and I declare to them
solemnly that as their course before the war
had much to do in bringing on the rebellion
their policy now largely contributes to foment
and produce the disastrous condition of things
in the South.
When the war ended many men who had
been in the Union Army remained in the South,
intending to make it their home and identify
themselves with its fortunes. Others emigrated
from the North, taking with them large capital,
believing that the South presented fine pros-
pects for business, individual success, and
general prosperity. In the reconstruction of
the southern States it so happened, and was, in
fact, necessary, that many of these men should
be elected to office and take a leading part in
the government of the States in which they
settled. This was their right and the natural
result of the circumstances by which they were
surrounded; but they were denounced as ad-
venturers and intruders, and the odious slang
of "carpet-baggers" was reechoed by the Dem-
ocracy of the North, who sent word to the
South that these men had no rights they were
bound to respect.
Emigration is a part of the genius of the
American people. They are composed of
those who came from abroad or their descend-
ants. To emigrate from State to State, and
there to enjoy all the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the United States, is guarantied
by the Constitution, and it is an odious and
anti American doctrine that a man has no right
to be elected to an office in a State because he
was not born in it or has not lived in it many
years. When we consider the circumstances
under which the Territories were settled and
new States formed, the rapid transition of our
population from one part of the country to
another, we shall comprehend the infamy and
villainy of thisslangagainst "carpet-baggers."
Why, sir, it is the same spirit in another
form which a few years ago attempted to deny
equal political rights to men of foreign birth
and insisted that the offices should be held
only by those who were born upon the soil;
and it is humiliating that any portion of the
people of the North should endeavor to excite
the people of the South against their own cit-
izens who have gone there to find homes.
What the South needs is emigrants with car-
pet bags well filled with capital to revive indus-
try, organize labor, and develop her resources;
and the tiowl against this class of citizens is
insane and suicidal.
Those who were born in the South and re-
mained faithful to the Government, or have
since joined the Republican party, are stig-
matized as the "scalawags," as lew persons
of the baser sort, disgraced and degraded by
every opprobrious epithet, and all of this exe-
crable Billingsgate is reechoed, with additions,
in the North. The mass of the people in the
South are honest, humane, and kindly feeling,
like those of any other section of the country,
and do wrong chiefly where they think they
are doing right. But, for political purposes,
their passions are artfully stimulated, their
prejudices against negroes excited to madness,
