254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Wilson.
42d Cong. ... ] st Sess.
and skillful operators constantly reopen and
aggravate the wounds and hatreds of the war.
They were nurtured in the right of secession,
and carefully educated to hate the Republican
party as their natural enemies, and are now
manipulated and operated upon by the most
unscrupulous political organization that ever
existed.
Will the people of the South never learn that
for thirty years the Democratic party has been
their most deadly enemy ? But for its bane-
ful influence they would never have embarked
in the rebellion. They were encouraged in
the belief that the right was upon their side,
that the Democracy of the North were their
friends and allies and would never permit them
to be coerced to remain in the Union ; and
after the war had lasted two years they were
urged to protract the struggle by holding out
to them the prospect that a revolution was
going on in the sentiment of the_ North that
would soon acknowledge their independence.
They clung to these fatal delusions until they
were overwhelmed by defeat. Their allies
deserted them at the critical moment, the rev-
olution in the North never came, their pros-
pects faded like an evening cloud, and the sun
of the confederacy went down in blood.
The Democratic party can only come into
power by carrying all the southern States, in
which case the southern Democracy will con-
stitute the majority of the party, and will be
the controlling element. The southern Dem-
ocracy would refuse to vote taxes and appro-
priations for pensions, except upon condition
that confederate soldiers and their widows and
orphans should be pensioned, and put upon
equal terms with those of the soldiers of the
Union. The southern Democracy would never
vote taxes and appropriations to pay the na-
tional debt unless they were paid for their
slaves. The northern Democracy, who are
committed by endless resolutions and years of
declamation to the position that slavery was
wrongfully and unconstitutionally abolished,
would sustain them. It would be easier to
assume the payment for slaves than to repu-
diate the national debt,, for the reason that the
payment must come principally from the North,
and getting clear of the debt would do them
but a small part of the good that payment for
their slaves would.
It is improbable to suppose that the southern
Democracy when placed in power would vol-
untarily tax themselves to pay the debt which
had been created for their subjugation, while
all that they had invested in the confederate
debt was lost together with their slaves. And
that they will in that ease make the payment
for their slaves a condition upon which the
national debt shall be paid no one can doubt.
It may be said, however, that the Democratic
party in the North would never consent to this.
My answer is that they will consent when they
find that they can hold power on no other
terms; and it would only be consenting to the
practical application of what they have advo-
cated all the time. If they were in earnest
when they declared that slavery was abolished
without authority of law and without any
public necessity, and that it was most unjust
toward the owners of slaves, how can they
refuse to make the nation pay for these slaves
when they are placed in power?
The southern question will bethegreatissue
in 1872 that will dwarf into insignificance every
other. No merely economical question can
divide public attention with it. Shall recon-
struction be maintained: shall the eonstitu
tional amendments be upheld ; shall the col-
ored people be protected in the enjoyment of
equal rights; shall the Republicans of the
southern States be protected in life, liberty,
and property ? are the great issues to be set-
tled in 1872. Questions of tariff, currency,
civil service reform, will play some part, but it
will be a subordinate one. In all the southern
States the Republicans will struggle for life,
for the privilege of living in peace and security,
while the Democratic party will struggle to
regain their former power, and, as experience
has shown, will not hesitate as to the means
that may be used for that purpose. And in
view of the solemn fact that everything is at
stake for which we struggled and suffered
through ten years of war and storm, let us
bury all personal grievances, and forgetting
past differences, banishing all selfish consid-
eration, unite again as a band of .brothers,
and with unbroken front move forward resolved
to conquer for the right.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY WILSON,
Of MASSACHUSETTS,
In the United States Senate,
April 13, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(IX. E. No. 320) to enforce tlio provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for othor purposes—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. President: Six years have passed since
the army of northern Virginia, that bore upon
its bayonets the last hopes of the rebellion,
surrendered at Appomattox. During these
years the air has been laden with the tidings of
burnings, sconrgings, and murderings. School-
houses and churches have been given to the
flames. Thousands, guilty of no offense against
the laws of their country, have been lashed or
maimed or murdered. From the smitten race
that bore for more than two centuries the heavy
burdens of personal servitude, from loyal men
who were "among the faithless faithful found,"
from citizens who have sought homes in the
land many of them had stained with their
blood, there come to our ears imploring ap-
peals for that protection the Republic owes to
all her children. Shall these deeds, authen-
ticated by the testimonies of men of stainless
honor, be extenuated, excused, or denied in
these Chambers? Shall these appeals be un-
heeded by the representatives of the nation?
Sir, during this six weeks' debate in both
Houses of Congress, Senators and Represent-
atives have excused and extenuated acts that
pain the ear and sicken the soul. Facts
attested by evidences as complete and con-
clusive as are the acts of the great rebellion are
doubted or denied. When excuses and denials
are unavailing, it is sought to justify these
crimes against humanity by denunciations of
the reconstruction measures and the legisla-
tion of the reorganized State governments.
The reconstruction measures are pronounced
unconstitutional, arbitrary, and oppressive.
The administration of the reconstructed gov-
ernments is declared to be both weak and
wicked. The bloody deeds of the Ku Klux
Klans are thus excused and apologized for, if
not jusjified.
Sir, Senators and Representatives who thus
excuse or extenuate the crimes of lawless
bands of secret assassins have forgotten that
for twenty-two months after the rebel armies
had been disbanded the governments of the
rebel States were under the complete control
of the old slave-masters of the South. They
controlled the State governments; they framed
the laws; they administered the laws. During
the years 1805 and 1866, before the reconstruc-
tion measures had passed Congress, before the
right of suffrage had been given to the colored
race, before those State governments had
passed into the control of "nigger," "carpet-
bagger," or "scalawag," the rebels of the
South ruled and lorded it over those States.
During those years of rebel rule more lashings,
more scourgings, and more maimings of the
black race were perpetrated than during any
two years since the suppression of the rebellion.
Yes, sir, in the years 1805 and 1806, when
the rebel States were under the complete con-
trol of the men who claimed the right to rule
those States, and whose claim is accepted, and
advocated, too, in these Chambers, more out-
rages were perpetrated upon the colored race
under the forms of law, and against law, than
have been committed during the past two
years. I hesitate not to assert that under those
two years of rebel rule there were inflicted at
least one hundred blows upon the colored race
for every one they have received from the Ivu
Klux Klans in the years 1869 and 1870. The
number of maimings was far greater, and
even the number of murders was greater.
Before the enactment of the reconstruction
measures, for which Congress is so bitterly
assaileS; before the negro was given the right
of suffrage ; before those State governments
passed into the control of the despised " scal-
awag" ortheliated "carpet bagger;" when the
State governments were under the supreme con-
trol of the old rebel slaveholding class, hatred
of the negro and of the policy of emancipation
blazed forth in cruel and inhuman legislation,
and in deeds of violence and wrong. The
evidences are overwhelming, complete, con-
clusive ; never to be questioned, never to be
denied.
Soon after the suppression of the rebellion
the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
ScnuKz] was sent by President Johnson on a
mission through the States lately in rebellion
to inquire into and report upon their condition.
That report, with its accompanying documents
of more than one hundred pages, is before me.
It is a masterly presentation of the condi-
tion of South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi,
Alabama, and Louisiana. In this tour of
observation General Schurz found "an utter
absence of national feeling" and "an entire
absence of that national spirit which forms the
basis of true loyalty and patriotism." He
found that "although the freedman is no
longer considered the property of the individ-
ual master, he is considered the slave of
society;" and that the notion still held potent
sway over the minds of the masses that " the
elevation of the blacks will be the degradation
of the whites." He found that the slave mas-
ters were more jealous of their authority than
before emancipation ; that "the practice of
corporal punishment is still continued to a
great extent;" and that "the habit is so
inveterate with a great many persons as to
render on the least provocation the impulse
to whip a negro almost irresistible." He
found, too, that the non-slaveholding whites
" are possessed by a singularly bitter and vin-
dictive feeling against the colored race since
the negro has ceased to be property;" and
that "the maiming and killing of colored men
seems to be looked upon by many as one of
those venial offenses which must be forgiven
to the outraged feelings of a wronged and
robbed people." With these sentiments and
feelings of the late slaveholding and the non-
slaveholding whites of the South it is not sur-
prising that he found that "the number of
murders and assaults perpetrated upon negroes
is very great;" and that he saw with his own
eyes the scourged, maimed, bleeding, and dead
victims of hate and lawlessness.
Sir, letters of generals and other officers of
the Army, which accompany this report of
General Sciiuuz, present a record of cruelty,
inhumanity, and crime both sickening and
appalling. Within a hundred days after Lee's
surrender General Fessenden, son of the late
Senator Fessenden, reported from Winnsbor-
ough, South Carolina, to General Gilmore
that " a spirit of bitterness and persecution
manifested itself toward the negroes;" that
