1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
" they are shot and abused by men who an-
nounced their determination to take the law
into their own hands in defiance of our author-
ity," and that "to protect the negro and pun-
ish these still rebellious individuals it will be
necessary to have this country pretty thickly
settled with soldiers." A few days after this
report was made Major General Gilmore,
then commanding in South Carolina, in a let-
ter to General Sciiuuz, said that negroes were
retained on the plantations in portions of South
Carolina "through ignorance or uncertainty
of their rights, and partly through fear of their
former masters and the severe discipline un-
lawfully enforced by them." General Hatch,
about the same time, then commanding in
Charleston, wrote that " the old leaders still
hope to obtaiu control of the State, and then
to pass laws with reference to the colored peo-
ple which shall virtually reestablish slavery."
The first Legislature of the State, under Presi-
dent Johnson's policy of reconstruction, a few
months later passed laws that reduced the
emancipated freedman into a mere serf, the
slave of society.
Early in August, 1865, General Steedman
expressed to General Schurz the opinion that
the planters of Georgia had "absolutely no
conception of what free labor is;" and Gen-
eral Croxton, another gallant soldier, reported
that there were "no loyal people in Georgia
except the negroes that the people of Geor-
gia would at once by legislation, after the
recognition of their State government, "reduce
the freedmen to a condition worse than sla-
very."
General Thomas K. Smith, who had been in
command of the southern district of Alabama,
declared the administration of the municipal
law in Alabama to be a il farce," and that
"the ministers of the law themselves were too
often desperadoes and engaged in the perpe-
tration of the very crime they are sent forth
to prohibit or punish."
Captain W. A. Poillon, indorsed by General
Smith as a gentleman of high character, and
the facts stated by him of his own personal
knowledge to be true, in a letter dated at
Mobile, said:
"The life of the freedman is at the mercy of any
villain whose hatred or caprice incites to murder.
Organized patrols with negro hounds keep guard
over the thoroughfares, bands of lawless robbers
traverse the country, and the unfortunate who at-
tempts eseape, or he who returns lor his wife or
child, is waylaid or pursued with hounds and shot
or hung. Laborers on the plantations are forced
to remain and toil without hope of remuneration.
Others have made the crop and are now driven olf
to reach Mobile or starve ; scarcely any of them have
rags enough to cover them."
In a letter dated the '29th of July, of that
year, Captain Poillon, after giving an account
of between twenty and thirty murders that
had been perpetrated in a few weeks in the
counties of Clark, Choctaw, Washington, and
Marengo, said :
" Murder, with his ghostly train, stalks abroad at
noon-day, and revels in undisguised carnage while
the bewildered and terrified freedmen know not what
to do. To leave is death; to remain is to suffer the
increased burden imposed upon them by the cruel
taskmaster, whose only interest is their labor, wrung
from them by every device an inhuman ingenuity
can devise. Hence, the lash and murder are resorted
to to intimidate those whom fear of an awtui death
alone causesto remain, while patrols and negro dogs
and spios keep constant guard over theso unfortu-
nate people."
Such was the condition of affairs in Alabama
four months after hostilities had ceased, and
while the rebels bore sway.
In Mississippi the condition of the negro, if
possible, was more pitiable than in South Car-
olina, Georgia, or Alabama. Colonel Haynes,
of the first Texas cavalry, himself a slave-
holder before the war, in a report dated at
Yicksburg on the 8th of July, states that the
newspapers in thatState were maintaining that
the emancipation proclamation was unconsti-
tutional and void; that it was a question
whether or not the State should adopt the sys-
tem of gradual emancipation, and that if the
protection and care of the nation were taken
from the freedmen, the people of Mississippi
" will practically reestablish slavery more
grinding and despotic than of old."
_ Colonel Samuel Thomas, assistant commis-
sioner for the Freedmen's Bureau for the State
of Mississippi, says:
" Wherever I go—the street, the shop, the house,
the hotel, or the steamboat—I hear the people talk in
such a way as to indicate that they are yet unable to
conceive of the negro as possessing any rights at all.
Men who are honorable in their dealings with their
white neighbors will cheat a neiro without ieeling
a single twinge of their honor. To kill a negro they
do not deem murder; to debauch a negro woman
they do not think fornication : to take the property
away from a negro they do not consider robbery.
The_ people boast that when they get freedmen's
affairs in their own hands, to use their own classic
expression, 'the niggers will catch hell.'"
Colonel Thomas further says that—
"All the trickery, chicanery, and political power
possible are being brought to bear on the poor negro
to make him do the hard labor for the whites as in
days of old. They steadily refuse to sell or lease
lands to black men. Colored mechanics of thiscity,
who have made several thousand dollars during the
last two years, find it impossible to buy even land
enough to put a house ou; yet white men can pur-
chase any amount, of land. The whites know that if
negroes are not allowed to acquire property or be-
come landholders, they must ultimately return to
plantation labor and work tor wages that will barely
support themselves and families, and they feel that
this kind of slavery will b.e better than none at all."
Colonel Brinkerhoff reporting to General
Howard from Clinton, ia that State, early in
July, states that there was forming a party in
favor of a system of apprenticeship or invol-
untary servitude; that negroes were frequently
driven from plantations, the dogs sometimes
set upon them, and they were often met upon
the highway by white men they never saw
before and beaten with clubs and canes with-
out offering either provocation or resistance.
Captain Webber, in a report to Colonel
Thomas, states that—
"The prejudices of the citizens are very strong
against the negro; he is considered to be deserving
of the same treatment a mule gets ; in many cases
not as kind; as it is unprofitable to kill or maim a
mule, but the breaking of the neck of the free negro
is nobody's loss."
Major General Osterhaus, writing from the
capital of the State in August, emphatically
says;
"There is no doubt whatever that the state of
■affairs would be intolerable for all Union men, all
recent immigrants from the North, and all negroes
the moment the protection of the United States
troops was withdrawn."
About the same time Colonel Gilchrist, in a
report to Major Gordon, assistant adjutant gen-
eral, from Jackson, states thata class of armed
men were traveling with no visible means of
support, were riding over the State boasting
of Jeff. Davis and the number of Yankees they
had killed, and that the negroes complained
that they were often robbed by these men ; that
"if any resistance is made death is pretty sure
to be the result; or if the poor negro is so
unfortunate as to appear to recognize his perse-
cutors, he can then expect nothing less; negroes
are often shot just out of wanton cruelty;"
and he refers to a large number of outrages
and murders reported to liim. With such sen-
timents and such action it is not surprising
that the Legislature of Mississippi should enact
a black code of inhumanities that reduced the
freedman to a condition more abject, cruel,
and pitiable than chattel slavery itself.
In September, Major General Canby, a gen-
tleman of candor and judgment, in a letter
dated at New Orleans, admitted that "polit-
ical and commercial combinations against the
North were gaining strength and confidence
every day." Lieutenant Stiekney, writing
from Shreveport, declares that the civil author-
ities were not willing to grant the freedmen the
rights to which their freedom entitled them,
and ordinances were passed in several of the
parishes and corporate towns forbidding the
negro, without a special permit from his em-
ployer, to pass within the limits of the parish
or town, to be found out after ten o'clock at
night, to rent or keep a house, and required
him to be in the regular service of some white
person, and other arbitrary enactments that
were wholly inconsistent with the rights of free-
men.
Such, Mr. President, was the condition of
the South in 1865. That condition was not
improved during the next year under the legis-
lation and rule of the slaveholding class. Gen-
eral Baird, stationed at New Orleans, states
that "outrages upon freedmen, reported from
distant parishes of the State, remain uncor-
rected," that " the perpetrators of the outrages
are lawless and irresponsible men, the terror
of property-holders and laborers," and that
"they are countenanced by the community,
either through sympathy or fear." General
Sheridan says "homicides are frequent in some
localities; sometimes they are investigated by
a coroner's jury, which justifies the act and
releases the perpetrator;" and that " the trial
of a white man for the killing of a freedman
can, in the existing state of society in this
State, be nothing more or less than a farce."
In Texas terrible crimes were committed
against the freedmen, and General Kiddoo
reported that the greatest trouble he had to
contend with was "in attempting to protect
the freedmen from lawless violence." Major
General Thomas J. Wood succeeded Colonel
Thomas in Mississippi m 1866. He strove to
protect the freedmen, especially against rov-
ing bands of regulators, who shot freedmen
without provocation, drove them from planta-
tions without pay, and committed other crimes.
During that year General Swayne, command-
ing in Alabama, declared that "the vagrant
law of that State operates most iniquitously
upon the freedmen." Bauds of regulators
during that year committed great outrages in
Kentucky, and a bloody riot at Memphis, in
Tennessee, by which many freedmen lost their
lives, and the massacreatNew Orleans, demon-
strated that the crimes against Union men and
freedmen were increasing. General Sprague
reported that "assaultsand murders of Union
men and freedmen were increasing in Arkan-
sas, and not a finger had been raised to bring
the guilty parties to justice." Reports of Army
officers in other southers States demonstrated
the fact, beyond all cavil or doubt, that, in
spite of the efforts of the Army and of the
officers of the Freedmen's Bureau, the freed-
men were subjected to the most arbitrary and
iniquitous laws, and outraged, lashed, and
murdered with impunity.
Sir, the inhuman legislation, the oppressive
acts, the appalling crimes, the deeds of inhu-
manity, and the earnest appeals of the freed-
men for protection, penetrated the ear and
touched the heart of the nation. Congress
passed an act to secure to the freedmen civil
rights. A joint special committee of fifteen was
raised in December, 1865. This committee was
composed of gentlemen of talent and expe-
rience, "of individual honor and personal char-
acter. Its report, by its eminent chairman,
William Pitt Fessenden, referred to the con-
ciliatory measures of the Government, aiid
declared that—
" The bitterness and defiance exhibited toward the
United States, under such circumstances, is without
a parallel m the history of the world. In return for
our leniency we receive only an insulting denial of
our authority. In return for our kind desire for the
resumption of fraternal relations we receive only an
insolent assumption of rights and privileges long
since forfeited. The crime we have punished is
paraded as a virtue, and the principles ol repub-
lican government, which we have vindicated at so
terrible a cost, are denounced as unjust and oppress-
ive."
This report demonstrated with great clear-
ness and force the duty of the nation to secure
