496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
entitled to seats in that Legislature. That
might be the case, and yet that would not affect
the legal status, the existence of the Legisla-
ture ; and when the proper time shall come to
investigate that, I will show by an unbroken
chain of authority, without one single case to
the contrary, that we have no power to go into
an investigation at all as to the rights of indi-
vidual members to seats in the Legislature of
a State that has elected a Senator to this body.
But that is not now before us. It is sufficient
that there was a legal Legislature, and that it
was the Legislature chosen next before the
vacancy occurred, and which therefore was
the Legislature that by the very terms of our
act wag to elect a Senator from Alabama.
That being the case, Goldthwaite having
been elected by the proper constituency and
at the proper time prescribed by the act of
Congress, and presenting the proper creden-
tials of his election, he is entitled to take his
seat; and if there be anything in the contest
of his seat, that is the subject of subsequent
investigation. That will require testimony to be
taken, the testimony of witnesses, and a large
amount of it too, for if the grounds upon
which Goldthwaite's seat is contested can be
maintained, then there is a right to scrutinize
the title of every member of the Alabama
Legislature to his seat in that body, the right
of every one may be the subject of investiga-
tion and the election of every one; and instead
of this being a contest simply as to the election
of Goldthwaitc to this body, it becomes a con-
test of the election of every member of the
Alabama Legislature to the two houses of that
Legislature. Nay, it does not stop there ; it
becomes a contest of the right to vote of the
men who voted for those legislators. So that
it spreads out as you go and embraces the
whole people of the State of Alabama, the
legality of the forms, of the election, of the
certificates, and everything; so that this thing
spreading out in that way, if that doctrine were
admitted, might require an investigation as
extensive as the boundaries of the State and
as extensive as the number of people within it
claiming the right to vote.
it is therefore easy to see that if Mr. Gold-
thwaite could be kept out of his seat to await
an investigation like that, the six years may
expire for which he was elected and that in-
vestigation be unfinished then. That would be
monstrous injustice to that State and mon-
strous injustice to him; and thereffire in his
case I take it that there is no Senater here
who will say that he ought not to be permitted
to take his seat.
But how is the case with Mr. Blodgett? The
case with Mr. Blodgett is wholly different.
Mr. ■ Blodgett does not make a prima facie
ease, because he was not elected by the Legis-
lature that was authorized to elect a Senator.
On the contrary, he was elected by a Legisla-
ture that had no more right to elect him a Sen-
ator from the State of Georgia than I had to
appoint him a Senator from that State. And
unless this Senate is prepared to treat the act
of Congress on this subject, which is the law
of the land, as a simple nullity, and to allow a
State Legislature utterly to disregard it and
to usurp a power that does not belong to it, it
cannot give Mr. Blodgett his seat; for, as I
said before, to make a prima facie case you
must have the proper credentials and there must
be a constituency competent to elect.
If a Governor should give a certificate of
election to a man who was elected by a mob
and not by a Legislature at all, and that fact
were before the Senate, would anybody pre-
tend that such a man had a prima facie case?
That could not be pretended for a moment.
If a Governor should give a certificate without
there having been any election at all by a Legis-
lature, would anybody pretend that the mere
certificate of the Governor made a prima facie
case? Certainly not. If, then, the facts are
before the Senate which show that the body
by which Mr. Blodgett was elected was not a
Legislature having jurisdiction to elect him,
that it had no jurisdiction over the question,
that his election was a mere usurpation of
power on the part of that body, that it was in
direct contradiction and violation of the act of
Congress upon that subject, no Senator can
say that he has a prima facie case at all, and
in respect to him we need no testimony fur-
ther than we have.
Let us see, then, what the facts are. In the
first place, we have the act of Congress upon
this subject, and let me read it to bring the
point before Senate, and I premise that nobody
will dispute the power of Congress to pass this
act. It is passed in virtue of a power expressly
conferred upon it by the Constitution of the
United States. What is the act, then? It is :
" That the legislature of each State which shall
be chosen next preceding the expiration of the time
for which any Senator was elected to represent said
State in Congress shall, on the second Tuesday after
the meeting and organization thereof, proceed to
elect a Senator in Congress in the place of such
Senator so going out of office."
'1 The Legislature which shall be chosen
next preceding the expiration of the time for
which any Senator was elected to represent
said State in Congress." Can any language
be plainer than that? The Legislature which
shall be chosen next preceding the vacancy
shall, on the second Tuesday after its organ-
ization, proceed to elect a Senator. When
was Mr. Blodgett elected? He was elected on
the 16th of February, 1870, by a Legislature
that was chosen in April, 1868. Was that the
last Legislature chosen next before the hap-
pening of the vacancy? The vacancy hap-
pened on the 4th day of March, 1871. Was
there a Legislature chosen between the 16th of
February, 1870, and the 4th of March, 1871 ?
There was; and we are bound to take notice
of it historically. In the first place, at the
time Mr. Blodgett was elected, the constitu-
tion of the State of Georgia—which we take
notice of ex officio, and the more so because it
is recognized in an act of Congress and de-
clared by an act of Congress to be republican
in form and is approved—provided that there
should be a new Legislature chosen in the
month of November, 1870. The Legislature,
however, had power to change the time of
election, and in the exercise of that power it
postponed the election of the next Legislature
until December, 1870 ; and on the 21st and 22d
days of December a Legislature for the State
of Georgia was elected. That is matter of his-
tory, of which we take notice ex officio.
There is no question, then, on the facts
before us, that the Legislature chosen next
preceding the happening of the vacancy was
the Legislature which was chosen last Decem-
ber. If that Legislature had met and qualified,
if there had been no trick to prevent its meet-
ing and qualifying at the time that the consti-
tution of Georgia provided it should meet and
qualify, which was the second Wednesday in
January, if there had been nothing done, that
Legislature chosen last December would have
met andorganized on the second Wednesday of
January last, and on the second Tuesday there-
after would, by the terms of the act of Con-
gress, have proceeded to elect a Senator. But
this old Legislature, which had usurped the
power to elect Blodgett, undertook to make
good its usurpation of the power to elect
Blodgett by postponing the time of the meet-
ing ot the new Legislature, until after the hap-
pening of the vacancy, seeking thereby to try
and give some strength to the usurpation of
power in that Legislature by which Blodgett
was elected.
Now, Mr. President, that cannot be per-
mitted at all. What is the argument on the
other side?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question right
there, as I have not looked into the facts?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to inquire
if, at the time Blodgett was elected, on the
16th of February, 1870, the constitution of
Georgia and the law as it then stood required
an election of a Legislature in November, 1870,
and also an assembling of the Legislature in
January, 1871? I ask if, at the time he was
elected, another Legislature was to be both
elected and convened before the 4th of March ?
When was it that this time of the meeting of
the Legislature was postponed? Was it after
Blodgett's election?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; after Blodgett's
election; and not only after Blodgett's elec-
tion, but after they had resolved, were com-
pelled to do it, that there should be an election
of a new Legislature last December.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator state
when that law was passed by the Legisla-
ture?
Mr. THURMAN. Postponing the time?
The Senator from Georgia, perhaps, can tell.
I cannot.
Mr. HILL. What is the question?
Mr. THURMAN. The question is, when
was that act passed which postponed the meet-
ing of the new Legislature ?
Mr. HILL. On the 25th of October, 1870.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senate will recollect
perfectly well what a contest we had here; how
a certain party in Georgia insisted that that
Legislature could prolong its own existence
by postponing the election of a new Legisla-
ture for two years to come; how they under-
took to get legislation from Congress to sanc-
tion such an interpretation of the State con-
stitution as that; how Congress refused to
sanction any such thing as that; and* how the
bill which we passed on the subject of Georgia
by the plainest implication in the world denied
any such power; and the Senate well know, as
matter of history, that the present Attorney
General gave his opinion, being called upon,
in which he held that the Legislature had no
such power as that; that if it could postpone
the election of a new Legislature two years it
might postpone it for twenty years, and that
would be no republican fQrm of government
at all. It was under the express opinion of
the present Attorney General of the United
States that the election was postponed, and at
his suggestion, too, to the month of December,
instead gf taking place in November. For
what reason he had it postponed for a month
I do not know; something connected, I be-
lieve, with the prospects of parties in that
State; and I have seen it stated, and I sup-
pose it is true, that the very act by which it
was postponed was drawn by himself. It cer-
tainly was drawn in strict pursuance to his
suggestion.
Then, there was a Legislature chosen last
December, which, by the constitution of the
State, was to have met in January, but for the
purpose of giving some sanction to this usurp-
ation of power by the preceding Legislature
that preceding Legislature passed an act post-
poning the meeting of the new Legislature
until next November. That cannot, help this
usurpation at all. The language of the act of
Congress is too plain. I know it is argued on
the other side that the act means this: "the
Legislature of each State which shall be chosen
and qualified next preceding the expiration of
the time." There are no such words as " and
qualified" in the act, and there is no right to
interpolate them. You might as well interpo-
late words in the Decalogue as to interpolate
such words here. There is no right whatever
to interpolate any such thing, and it would
utterly defeat the object of the statute if there
could be any such interpolation. Here was a
Legislature, as the law then stood, and as the
constitution and laws of Georgia stood at the
time Blodgett was elected, that had no more
right to elect him than had the Legislature of
Ohio to elect a Senator from Georgia; and
now, if that Legislature can usurp that power
and can give sanction to its usurpation by post ■
poning the time of the meeting of the Legisla
ture which is chosen next preceding the hap«
