258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
FoiirteentJ^Amendment—Mr. Holman.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Republican members, decided time and again,
prior to the coming in of the President's mes-
sage, that legislation on this subject was inex-
pedient until more reliable information should
bo obtained through a committee of the House,
as proposed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters.]
On the 5th day of March, by a vote of 147
yeas to 23 nays, the House decided on a final
adjournment, and on the 13th day of March,
by a vote of 124 to 67 ; on the 15th of March,
by a vote of 118 to 76 ; on the 20th of March,
by a vote of 121 to 55; and on the 23d day
of March, by a vote of 113 to 68, this Honse
resolved in favor of a final adjournment, and
that, too, sir, on motions made by recognized
Republican leaders—Mr. Dawes, Mr. Earns-
worth, and Mr. Wheeler—and in the mean
time appointed a committee to inquire into the
true condition of affairs in the South, to report
next December, and subsequently concurred
with the Senate for a joint committee for that
purpose; and yet, during the whole period, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
was demanding legislation against the South,
and was answered by his Republican colleagues,
"Let us at least know the facts before we
resort to further legislation. We have recon-
structed and reconstructed and reconstructed
the States of the South; Ictus at least know l.ho
facts before we resort to further remedies."
1 state, sir, what every member of the House
knows, that up to the reading of the Presi-
dent's message a majority of the Republican
members were opposed to any legislation in
regard to the South, and believed and asserted
that the condition of all'airs in the South did
not call for the interference of Congress. If
the message of the President had disclosed
facts previously unknown to the House and
Senate, gentlemen might justify themselves
for 1 heir action and justify these accusations
on the authority of these additional facts, but
the brief message of the President calling for
an additional grant of power does not refer to
a single (Viet of which this House was not fully
informed from the beginning of this Congress
and long before; and yet, within an hour be-
fore that message was received, the House, by
a vote of J f3 to 68, on the motion of the gen-
tleman I'rom Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] had
resolved that no further legislation wiis required
and that Congress should adjourn. If, then,
sir, gentlemen at the instance of the President
think proper to reverse their record, let them
vindicate their own consistency if they can,
and not censure this side of the House for
adhering to a line of policy initiated by them-
selves.
We do not oppose this bill, sir, because we
are indifferent to or willing to countenance or
palliate lawlessness in the South. No mem-
ber on tlus side of the House has uttered one
word in extenuation of acts of violence com-
mitted in the South or elsewhere. We de-
nounce and condemn crime and insubordina-
tion to law in the South as, if possible, more
fatal to the prosperity of the country than if
it occuued elsewhere, for it furnishes in the
handsof unscrupulous partisans means to keep
alive bitter animosities between the two sec-
tions of the Union, while every true interest of
the country and every true man in the country
utfers the words once uttered by the President,
'■ Let us have peace I " I am very confident
that the gentlemen around me will stand
among the first in demanding that law shall
be enforced and peace and order maintained.
I submit, therefore, that, looking at this
question without regard to the constitutional
power of Congress to pass the bill now pend-
ing, this side of the House, in opposing this
measure, acts upon exactly the same prin-
ciple, is influenced by the same considera-
tions, which time and again have actuated the
majority of the dominant party. Besides, Mr.
Speaker, in the midst of the inflammatory
speeches which have been made upon this
floor, this House and the country cannot over-
look the fact that from most of the States of
the South the most explicit official inform-
ation is furnished that law and order are main-
tained. It is not even pretended that at this
time, or for months past, there is or has been
any resistance of law in the States of Alabama,
Tennessee, or Virginia—States under the con-
trol of Democratic Governors and Legislatures.
The gentleman from Louisiana, a leading
Republican of this House, [Mr. Sheldon,] has
just informed us that peace exists throughout
that State, and that in his opinion the condi-
tion of the South does not require such legisla-
tion as is contemplated by this bill, and espe-
cially, sir, and no amount of inflammatory
eloquence will obscure the fact, that while the
States of Georgia, Arkansas, Texas, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, and Florida are under the control of
Republican Governors, and all of them, except
North Carolina, are governed by Republican
Legislatures, n9 Governor of either of those
States, nor the Legislature of either, has ill any
shape or form called on the President of the
United States or on Congress for aid to sup-
press domestic violence, or informed either
that theStafreautboritieswere not able to main-
tain llie supremacy of the laws. If there is
such disorder in the South as requires the
interference of Congress, how do gentlemen
account for the silence of the public authori-
ties of these States? So far, indeed, as Con-
gress has any official information the States are
able and determined to afford protection to
person and property.
I am satisfied there have been serious disor-
ders in the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Florida—'the three worst-gov-
erned States in the Union ; Statesgiven over to
the unbridled rapacity of official plunderers—
and, some time since, in the State of Georgia;
but in those States it is clear that organized
violence is not directed against or influenced
by hostility to the national Government. I
think it also clear, from general report, that
there are and have been acts of violence in
all these southern States but no such organ-
ized resistance to law and order as to be be-
yond the control of the State authorities and
courts of justice, nor differing in character
from criminal outrages in other sections of
the Union. Bad and corrupt governments
generally breed lawlessness and disorder.
That most of these States of the South have
been governed by irresponsible and rapacious
agents, Governors, and legislators, and swarms
of unscrupulous officers engaging in the most
corrupt and disreputable practices, is now
apparent to the whole country.
The enormous debts of those States, swell-
ing in some instances to the magnitude of
$40,000,000, accumulated in the last five years,
not only tells the story of official corruption,
but opens up a gloomy future, in which labor
will bear heavier burdens than were ever before
borne by a free people. Where the great powers
of government are employed to promote the
private fortunes of men in power, disorders
and discontent are inevitable. If the South
had not passed through a revolution which has
overturned the whole fabric of social and polit-
ical life, the miserable rapacity of the adven-
turers who have obtained control of their gov-
ernments would have produced there, or any-
where else, discontent, lawlessness, and dis-
order.
It will be observed that in those States of
the South where the body of the people, un-
controlled by military power, or less controlled
than others by military power, have been per-
mitted to organize and control their govern-
ments, peace and prosperity have most pre-
vailed. Iam compelled to say,from theevidence
furnished to this House, that in the States of
Florida, North Carolina, and South Carolina,
the States hitherto most completely under the
control of Radical power, there has been a
degree of violence and insubordination to the
laws of the land exceeding that which per-
vades other sections of the country. But upon
the information furnished to the House I am
authorized to assert that in the greater part of
the States South there has been no such vio-
lence as could not be and was not suppressed
by the administration of the laws and the courts
of justice.
And my attention is called further to the
fact that even in the State of North Carolina,
and, I might add, in South Carolina and Geor-
gia, the violence which has been the subject
of complaint and of examination all occurred
as early as the last session of Congress, and
months before the President thought it proper
to call the attention of Congress to the subject,
and to insist upon legislation investing him
with more absolute power.
But we desire to know the actual condition
of affairs in the South. We have uniformly
favored the fullest investigation. Southern
Representatives have courted such investiga-
tions, and there is not a member on this side
of the House who would oppose any measure
necessary to uphold the constitutional powers
of the Federal Government in every State of
the Union.
That Congress possesses the power to enforce
the laws of the United States in every State
of the Union no one can deny ; that Congress
possesses the power to legislate on and regu-
late the local and domestic affairs of the States
of this Union no one can maintain. For my-
self, sir, before the war and during the war
and since the war I have maintained on this
floor the right and duty of Congress to enforce
the laws of the United States in every State.
I am, sir, as anxious to see the just powers
of the jFederal Government maintained as the
just powers of the State governments. In my
judgment, the free institutions of this country
depend on the equal maintenance of both; the
supremacy of the one is the road to despotism,
of the other to intestine war and anarchy.
The bill before us opens new issues. We
enter upon an unexplored field. While it is
admitted by the advocates of this bill that
under the Constitution, prior to the fourteenth
amendment, no such powers as are embraced
in this bill could be exercised by Congress,
it is claimed that that amendment does con-
fer upon Congress these extraordinary powers.
By the first and second sections of this bill a
new and extended jurisdiction, civil and crim-
inal, is conferred upon the Federal courts, and
that, too, in fact, as to matters local to the State
and involved in its domestic government; and
in the same spirit by the third and fourth sec-
tions Congress proposesto take charge of those
duties which essentially belong to States, which
are indeed the principal duties of States, of vin-
dicating the rights of life, liberty, and property.
It is for these purposes that State govern-
ments aire formed. And by these two sections
of this bill, under this power to regulate the
domestic affairs of States, very naturally the
executive power i3 increased to an extent that
could not have been dreamed of by the men
who formed this Government. The President
at his own option, upon conditions of which he
is alone the judge, may employ the militia,
Army and Navy, in matters of local govern-
ment, suspend the writ of habeas corpus, and
declare martial law. Thus the jurisdiction of
the Federal courts, hitherto confined to ques-
tions of national concern, is to invade the prov-
inces of the State courts with new laws and
systems of administration, and the national
