1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
pening of the vacancy, then there may be no
end to such usurpations.
Mr. COHBEIT. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? .
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETT. Would the new Legisla-
ture, under the law as it stood when Mr.
Blodgett was elected, and by which you claim
the Senator should have been elected, have
met and qualified before the vacancy occurred?
Mr. THCJRMAN. Certainly. The vacancy
occurred on the 4th day of last March, and
this new Legislature, by the law and constitu-
tion of Georgia as it stood when Blodgett was
elected, would have met on the second Wednes-
day of last January, so that as the law then
stood it was a plain usurpation, as plain a
usurpation as there ever was in the world. It
is simply allowing a Legislature to trample
your statute-beak under foot, to say that it
can first usurp the power to elect, and can
then postpone the meeting of the new Legisla-
ture, the one that is chosen next before the
happening of the vacancy, and thereby give
validity to its usurpation; and that cannot be
done, unless you are prepared to interpolate
into this statute words that are not in it, to
interpolate after the word ''chosen" the words
"and qualified."
The word " chosen " has just as plain, defi-
nite, legal meaning as any word in thelanguage.
It does not mean ''qualified" at all. We use
in statutes perpetually the words "chosen"
and "qualified." For instance, when you
provide that an officer shall hold over after the
expiration of his term, you provide that he
shall hold over until his successor is chosen
and qualified. " Chosen " alone will not do,
because "chosen" does not include "quali-
fication," and there is not a lexicographer who
gives to it any other meaning than the mean-
ing "election or appointment."
When was this Legislature elected ? Then
it was chosen. The qualification is a wholly
different thing. You cannot interpolate these
words in this statute. There is no ground for
any such interpolation upon any known prin-
ciple of the construction of the law.
But again, to interpolate that, and enable
a preceding Legislature to usurp the power of
electing a Senator which belongs to a succeed-
ing Legislature, would be to defeat the very
object of this act, and would be manifestly
contrary to the spirit of republican institutions.
What is the meaning of this act in providing
that the Senator shall be elected by the Legis-
lature chosen next before the happening of
the vacancy ? The reason of it is that that
Legislature will be elected with reference to
that very question of the choice of the Sen-
ator. The election of that Legislature is the
last expression of public opinion. It is elected
with reference to that very subject, and the
preceding Legislature is not elected with refer-
ence to it at all.
There is another tiling which will show at
once how this matter is. Suppose this Legis-
lature by which he was elected had not elected
Mr. Blodgett or anybody else, and the Legis-
lature that was elected last December should
elect a Senator, would anybody say he was not
entitled to his seat? You must say so if you
give Blodgett his seat, for you must say, to
give Blodgett his seat, that the Legislature
authorized by this act to electa Senator was
that by which Blodgett was elected, and if that
was the case then the subsequent Legislature
could not make an election.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio will suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the concurrent
resolution is before the Senate as the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. THORMAN. I hope I shall be allowed
to finish what I have to say.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I waive my
right to the floor until the Senator from Ohio
concludes his remarks.
Mr. STEWART. This is the second speech
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 32.
made by the Senator from Ohio on this ques-
tion, and if we are just to call it up in the morn-
ing hour and have a speech made on one side
every morning, it will be a great disadvantage,
and I should like to know when will the Sen-
ate dispose of this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada can move to postpone the con-
current resolution.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to do any-
thing that is discourteous to any Senator who
desires to speak. I was brought to task very
severely on that point last evening, and feci
somewhat sensitive about it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I trust the con-
current resolution will not be postponed. The
resolution we were discussing was postponed
by unanimous consent with the understanding,
agreed to by the Senator from Nevada, that
the debate should continue on the concurrent
resolution. I do not wish to interrupt the Sen-
ator from Ohio, but after he has concluded, I
shall claim the floor on the concurrent resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey yields to allow the Senator from
Ohio to conclude his remarks, stating that he
will demand the regular order at the conclu-
sion of those remarks.
Mr. THDRMAN. I shall occupy, under the
circumstances, but a very few moments, be-
cause I do not wish to abridge the time of the
Senator from New Jersey, and, besides that,
I think I have fairly laid before the Senate the
grounds of my objection to the swearing in of
Mr. Blodgett. I have only one thing to do
that I know of now in opening this case in
favor of the motion to strike out Mr. Blodgett's
name, and that is, to notice what was said by
the Senator from Nevada in regard to the case
from Tennessee, which he supposes is parallel
to this. It is not parallel. I will state the
facts as I understand them to be, subject to be
corrected by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Coopeb] if I fall into error about them.
The Senator from Tennessee on my left [Mr.
Cooper] was elected by a Legislature which
according to the constitution of Tennessee at
the time of his election was the Legislature
chosen next before the happening of the sen-
atorial vacancy. I am right in that? [Mr.
Cooper nodded assent.] Subsequent to his
election, and when his right to a seat in this
body had become a vested right in him, the
constitution of Tennessee was altered so that
another Legislature was elected before the 4th
of March last. I believe I am right in that.
[Mr. Cooper nodded assent.] That is the
slate of the case. Now, it is true that this
Legislature last elected in Tennessee is a
Legislature chosen next before the happening
of the vacancy; but a change in the constitution
of a State after a right to the office has vested
could not deprive the person whose right was
thus vested of his seat in the Senate ; and it
could not have been in the contemplation of
Congress in passing this act thus to deprive
one of a vested right. The definition on this
subject is perfectly well known. A right to
an office is as much a sacred vested right as a
right to property. It is so laid down in all
the books on the law. There are some offices
that are hereditary in England, that pass by
descent. But whether an office is elective or
whether it is hereditary, if the right to that
office once accrues, once becomes vested, it is
just as sacred, under the protection of the
Constitution, securing vested rights as is the
right to a man's home in which he dwells.
Mr. STEWART. I understand the Senator,
then, to say that such a vested right can be
obtained in an office as to abrogate the law of
Congress on the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the argument.
Mr. THURMAN. No, it is not any such
thing; angi if a man cannot understand the
difference, I should give up any hope of pound-
ing an idea into his head. A right to the office
is vested, I was going to say, if gentlemen will
hear me through, they will see, in this very act
of Congress. The right of Mr. Cooper to his
seat on this floor became a vested right because
he was elected by the Legislature which, at the
time of his election, was, according to the con-
stitution of his State, the Legislature chosen
next before the happening of the vacancy;
and therefore, by the very terms of the con-
stitution, and by the very terms of this act,
he was elected at the proper time and by the
proper body; and therefore his right to the
office became vested.
What will prove it in a moment is this: sup-
pose no change had been made in the consti-
tution of Tennessee, would anybody question
his right to a seat on this floor? Nobody at
all. Why not ? Because he was elected by
the proper Legislature and at the proper time.
If he were elected by the proper Legislature
and at the proper time, pursuant to this very
act of Congress, then his right to a seat on
this floor became just as much vested in him
as his right to any real estate of which he is
the undoubted and indefeasible owner.
The distinction, which is well settled by
authority, is this: while it is competent for a
Legislature to abolish any office that is cre-
ated by law, and thereby turn men out of
office, and while it is competent for the people
of a State, by a change in their constitution, to
abolish all the offices in the State, and thereby
turn those who are in out of office, it is not
competent for a Legislature to preserve the
office and yet legislate a man out of it. That
is a judicial question, whether a man has for-
feited his right and whether he can be ousted,
to be settled on a quo warranto. No Legis-
lature can do it, nor can the people of a State,
by a change in their constitution, deprive a
man of a vested right to an office which is not
created by the State constitution, but which is
wholly independent of the State constitution
and is created by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Therefore, the office of Senator
being created by the Federal Constitution,
when that right became vested in Mr. Cooper,
it was not in the power of all the people of
Tennessee to deprive him of that vested right.
They could not by any change in their consti-
tution do any such thing as that. If it had
been a State office it would have depended on
the State constitution, and, by changing the
State constitution, they might abolish the office
and, of course, the officer with it. But they
could not, by any act of theirs, abolish a right
to a seat in the Senate, an office that is held
under the Federal Constitution and not under
the constitution of a State. The distinction is
as plain as that two and two make four. No
case can be found, I take it, in which a man
who has been duly invested with an office has
been legislated out of it by a simple act of
legislation, saying that A. B., the present in-
cumbent, shall no longer be the incumbent of
the office.
What did you do here in this very District ?
You had an old court here, called the circuit
court of the District. When the war broke
out the places on the bench were filled by
certain gentlemen who were not acceptable to
the majority in Congress. What did Congress
do ? Did it undertake to pass an act saying
that Judge Cranch shall no longer be chief
justice of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, that Judge A B and Judge C D shall
no longer be judges of the circuit court? No,
sir; Congress knew it could do no such thing
as that; but it abolished the court, and pro-
vided a new court and provided for the appoint-
ment of new judges for that courS; and that
has been done again and again in the States as
well as here. You may abolish the office itself,
which is wholly dependent upon the law, and
then, of course, there is no officer; but you
cannot allow the office to remain and legislate
the officer out of it by direct legislation, and
much less can you deprive a man of his right
to an office which is vested in him, if that office
is one which you have no power to abolish j and
