mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Holman.
Ho. os Reps.
Executive assume the control of States. And
was this what the President of the United
States meant when, on the 23d day of March,
be called on you to invest him with more
power?
We enter upon an unexplored field. I believe
that the Government formed by our fathers, in
its cautious divisions of power, giving to the
Federal Government every power necessary
to organize the States of the Union into one
nation, investing these national powers in three
separate and distinct departments, executive,
legislative, and judicial, and reserving to the
several States and the people all powers of
domestic and local government, the protec-
tion of the rights of person and property, has
proved to be infinitely the best Government
conceived by human wisdom. The powers
conferred upon the Federal Government were
necessarily supreme, for they organize many
domestic governments, absolute in their local
authority, into one nation—not a league of
States, but one nation. Thus the powers of
domestic government, the affairs of life, lib-
erty, and property, were kept under the imme-
diate eye of the people, while only matters of
national concern were delegated to the agen-
cies of the Federal Government, necessarily
more remote. It was only the immediate rep-
resentatives of the people, elected by them-
selves, who were permitted to interfere in their
local government, and thus an indissoluble
Union could be formed, a great nation, and yet
the power delegated by the people in the most
important affairs of human government, the
rights of the citizen in person and property,
kept near to them and immediately under their
control. Indeed, sir, the whole theory of our
Government requires all political power to be
kept near to the people as the best guarantee of
Integrity in public affairs. Hence towns, cities,
townships, counties, States, and the Federal
Union, each with agencies of government as
near to the people as possible. Here, sir, is
the perfection of human government. Eighty-
four years of experience, with four years of
desperate war against the Union, have attested
the wisdom of our fathers and the sufficiency
of the Federal power.
All history proves, sir, that such a division
of the powers of government is indispensable
to public liberty. The Aehsean league did not
form a nation, and its feeble adhesive power
made it a prey to intestine jealousies and in-
trigues of neighboring States. Switzerland
and France are the living examples—France
with a consolidated Government, one exec-
utive, one legislative assembly, one system of
courts, no decentralizing power, no local gov-
ernments forming bulwarks against central
domination ; in vain does her brave and mis-
erable people drive kings from her capital,
for her one executive has ever supreme power
within his grasp. Thiers may try the experi-
ment again, but until France shall have local
governments, divisions of political power, and
a national executive limited by more than the
sanction of an oath, she will be the prey of
the usurper and the tyrant. While Switzer-
land, with her cantons, ever jealous for their
local institutions and laws, with cautiously
defined federal power, has for centuries looked
from her mountains on the vicissitudes of other
nations, and seen the whole face of Europe
changed, and yet remains the citadel of the
free. Yes, sir, these brave little States of
Switzerland, half Catholic and half Protestant,
resisting in every age every encroachment of
the central power, with a plain, simple, frugal
federative Government, strong enough to form
a nation, and yet too weak to encroach on the
rights of the local governments, have for cen-
turies maintained their freedom while sur-
rounded by despotic States. I thank God for
the example of Switzerland, the brave little
republic which, defending its own freedom,
has ever sheltered the exile, though pursued
by; the armies of a king.
But, sir, all history and every lesson we
have learned from our fathers admonish us not
to increase the executive ppwer, and to main-
tain the clear line of demarcation between the
national powers of government and the proper
local self-government of the States.
It is claimed that the first and last sections
of the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion authorize the passage of this bill. In-
deed, the title of the bill assumes this: "A
bill to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes."
The first section of the fourteenth amend-
ment is as follows:
"Sec. 1. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction there-
of, are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. NoState shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immun-
ities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws."
And the last section is as follows :
"Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article."
It does not seem that this last section of the
fourteenth amendment has any possible refer-
ence to the first section, but it has manifestly
reference only to the second and third sections
of the fourteenth amendment, both of which
clearly require the action of Congress; but the
first confers on Congress no powers of legis-
lation. The Constitution of the United States
and laws made under it operate not upon
States, but upon the whole people, and herein
lies the fact that the Constitution does not
form a league of States but forms a nation.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] claims that the first clause of this sec-
tion, ''AH persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction
thereof, are citizens of the United States and
of the State wherein they reside;" confers this
power on Congress; that this clause alone
creates citizens of the United States. What
proposition can be more absurd? The Con-
stitution itself was made by citizens. Judge
Paschal, in his exhaustive work on the Con-
stitution, (page 167,) commenting on the clause
of the original Constitution, which says, " No
person except a natural-born citizen or a cit-
izen of the United States at the time of the
adoption of this Constitution shall be eligible
to the office of President," says:
'"A natural-born citizen,' not made by law or
otherwise, but born, and this class is the large major-
ity, in fact the mass of our citizens. All others are
exceptions specially provided for by law."
And again:
"The Constitution does not make the citizens, it
is in fact made by them. It only intends and recog-
nizes such of them as are natural, home-born, and
provides for the naturalization ol such of them as
are alien, foreign-born, making the latter, as far as
nature will allow, like the former."
And again:
"'Natural-born citizen5 recognizes and reaffirms
the universal principle common to all nations and as
old as political society, that the people born in a
country [and naturalized] do eonstituto the nation,
and. as individuals, are natural members of the body-
politic."—Bates on Citizenship, page 12.
Indeed, the Constitution itself constantly
speaks of citizens of the United States. The
argument which seeks to find legislative power
in this clause is clearly untenable. The Con-
stitution did recognize citizens of the United
States as well as of the States ; and if it were
true that some persons in the United States
were not citizens of the United States this
clause only enlarges the body of citizens,
nothing more. The other clauses of this first
section are clearly limitations on States:
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridgethe privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States,"—
"No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge." Here is simply a lim-
itation on the powers of the States—
"nor shall any State deprive any person of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law." ,,
"No State shall deprive." Is not this a I
positive limitation and nothing more? Is it a
grant of any power to Congress ? " Nor deny
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws."
If I understand gentlemen correctly, it is
mainly on this last clause they predicate the
power of Congress to pass this bill, and yet it
seems impossible that this limitation upon the
powers of the States should be tortured into
an affirmative power in Congress to legislate
on that subject. Where power is conferred
on Congress by the Constitution it is done in
express terms, or as a necessary incident to a
power of legislation expressly conferred; but
here there is no power conferred, but simply
a denial of power. "Nor" shall any State
" deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws." Plain, simple
language which admits of no interpretation, for
there is no ambiguity.
A State, as used in the Constitution, always
means the organized political body. No State
shall "deny." Can Congress assume that this
constitutional injunction will be violated by a
State ? A State can only act through her legis-
lative department, and if any State does vio-
late either one of these provisions of this first
section of the fourteenth amendment, it must
be done by some affirmative act of law, and
then, sir, what is the remedy? Can there be
any doubt of the remedy? The Federal courts—
the Supreme Court of the United States, to
which is confided the duty of vindicating the
Constitution from infraction, either by the acts
of Congress or the acts of any State, declares
the statute null and void. Yes, sir, void; and
here the Constitution provides for its own vin-
dication. The fifth amendment of the Consti-
tution declares that no person shall "be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law." This is a limitation on Con-
gress, and now this fourteenth amendment
imposes the same limitation on the power of
the States.
Sup^ise that either Congress or any State
should enact a law in violation of this provis-
ion ; does any one doubt the completeness of
the remedy? No, sir. The Supreme Court
will declare the law void. Let either Congress
or a State violate the Constitution, and that
august tribunal, one of the three great depart-
ments of your Government, declares the law
void. It is not by the Army and Navy and
the suspension of the great writ of right in a
time of peace that either States or Congress
are restrained from violating constitutional
limitations. No, sir ; it is by the peaceful power
of an impartial tribunal of justice from which
neither Congress nor the States can appeal.
Here, sir, the Constitution has lodged the
power to vindicate its sacred guarantees of
life, liberty, and property alike against the
encroachments of Congress and of States.
It is clear, sir, that if Congress can under
this fourteenth amendment, interfere at all in
the local affairs of the States, if thesedenials
of power to the States are to be construed os
conferring legislative power on Congress, there
is then no limitation on the powers of Congress
in respect to the domestic affairs of States ;
from being a Government of the limited powers
delegated by the Constitution, its powers be-
come absolute and without limit. If this sec-
tion of the fourteenth aineudment does confer
any power on Congress, can any man say where
the limit of that power is ? 1 will not believe
that the people intended anything like this in.
the adoption of the fourteenth amendment.
I know they did not. Even in the midst of
the then ebbingtumultsof terrible war through
