1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
42d Cong.... 1st
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bunnell.
Ho. of Beps.
learned this invaluable lesson from the fierce
struggle for the writ of habeas corpus, between
the great Coke and his compatriots and Charles
i, where the king displaced the independent
judge who dared to dispute his prerogative to
suspend the writ.
Yes, sir, the constitutional rights of the
humblest citizen were placedunder the guard-
ianship of these three co- departments, that
each might resist the encroachments of the
others; and by this bill you not only abdicate
the power of your own department, but you
confer upon the Executive the power in his
own discretion to close the doors of the courts
of justice upon every citizen whose personal
liberty has been invaded. You are conferring
a dangerous power on the Chief Executive.
That man does not live, sir, who should be
invested with such power. If you vest this
power in the Chief Executive you will have
made a fatal precedent, the first in our history.
Does not common prudence dictate that if a
condition of public affairs should arise when
the writ of habeas corpus should be suspended,
and Congress was not in session, the President
should convene the representatives of the peo-
ple as President Lincoln did in 1861 ? _ When
Charles I asserted the right to override the
writ of habeas corpus it was resisted to the
death. Hampden went to the Tower of Lon-
don defying the prerogative of the king. Coke
said:
" For a freeman to be tenant at will for his liberty,
he could never agree to; it was a tenure that could
not be found in all Littleton."
And Selden uttered the great words of
Magna Charta in the ear of the king:
"No freeman shall be imprisoned except by the
judgment of his peers and the law of the land.
Are we less jealous of executive power than
the British people ? And yet in that limited
monarchy no power but the British Parliament
can suspend the writ of habeas corpus. Since
the grant of the great charter by a trembling
king, surrounded by Anglo-Saxon warriors,
armed to the teeth, on the 15th day of June,
1215, no king of England by color of law could
suspend this writ of personal liberty.
During our eighty-five years of constitutional
history we have encountered more than once
serious internal disorders. During the ad-
ministration of Washington the western por-
tion of Pennsylvania set the Federal fl-overn-
ment at defiance. The treasonable attempt
of Aaron Burr to form a southwestern confed-
eracy created, in Jefferson's administration, a
widespread alarm. The questionable, if not
treasonable, attitude of the Hartford conven-
tion greatly imperiled the cause of our coun-
try in its war with England in the administra-
tion of Madison. Jackson's administration
was embarrassed and the Union endangered
by the treasonable attempt of South Carolina
to nullify the Federal laws; yet from the year
1787, when the Constitution was formed, up to
the 3d day of March, 1863, a period of seventy-
four years, the writ of habeas corpus was never
suspended for a moment.
During Burr's treasonable conspiracy, when
troops were gathering in the South and West
and cargoes of arms were floating on western
waters, a motion was made in the House of
Representatives to suspend the writ, but it was
signally rebuked by the men who formed this
Government by a vote of 19 in favor to 113
against it; and it was not until the 3d day
01 March, 1803, when the great civil war had
been raging for nearly two years and the nation
in a death-struggle, that the writ was suspended;
and it did not, in fact, remain suspended until
the close of the war. But now, in a time of
compa~ative peace, with every State of the
Union represented in Congress, and the people
everywhere, with unexampled energy, seeking
to repair the ravages of war, the President
calls « *  you for more power, and you propose
to give him the power to suspend the most
sacred right of the American citizen—the right
to vindicate his personal liberty in the courts
of justice.
Will you say that this is a mere abstraction:
that there is no danger of ail improper use of
this power? My answer is, the citizen should
not hold his liberty, in the language of Coke,
as "a tenant at will" of any mortal man. If
you surrender this power to the President,
the people of this Republic are indebted to his
forbearance and the overmastering force of
public opinion, rather than the strong segis of
the Constitution and laws. If no present evil
shall result from this measure, who shall tell,
sir, how soon, in some unhappy hour when the
vindictive rancor of party spirit, to which repub-
lics are exposed, has darkened the public judg-
ment, this precedent of relying upon force
rather than upon public opinion and the majesty
of law shall be followed to a fatal issue?
In this argument I am not called upon to
question the patriotism of the Chief Magistrate,
for I would not confer the power contained in
this bill on any President of the United States
except in the midst of actual war it was clearly
demanded by the public safety. And yet, sir,
the country will not be unmindful of the fact
that the present Chief Magistrate has not im-
itated his predecessors in forbearing to use the
powers of his high office. Nor will they over-
look the fact that an effort is being made year
after year to familiarize our people with the
employment of power in the conduct of civil
affairs. The presence so recently of military
forces in three great States north of this capi-
tal on the eve of an important election, no
matter on what pretense, excites in the heart
of a patriot unpleasant emotions. The employ-
ment of your Navy, without the sanction of
law, in an attempt to annex to this Republic
territory so remote and a population so illiter-
ate as only to be governed by a proconsul and
military force, agencies foreign to our institu-
tions, and that, too, without the sanction of the
Senate, or of this House, or of public opinion,
does not suggest, sir, that if an occasion shall
arise there will be an exercise of forbearance
in the employment of power. If these acts
were the result of bad counsel, these same
counselors still control your affairs.
No, sir; when one of the first statesmen of
this country, who led the van of the great
party of which the Chief Magistrate is the rep-
resentative, feels called upon to arraign him
before the country for usurping power—to use
his own words, >l usurpation of war power"—
and when another statesman, not less known
to the country, who has learned from expe-
rience how stealthily power encroaches on
public right, scorning the restraints of party
obligations where great public interests were at
stake, can compare the President of the Uni-
ted States in his assumptions of authority
with Louis XIV, who, with kingly arrogance,
announced to the French Parliament, '• I am
the State," gentlemen might well hesitate to
confer upon him, under color of law, powers
which leave no room for usurpation; powers
absolute and complete, before which Constitu-
tion and laws are silent. _ _
I do not believe you will pass this bill. But
if this bill shall be enacted into a law, breaking
down the ancient barriers between Federal and
State authority, making the powers of Congress
absolute in the local affairs of States, arming
the President of the United States with power
to employ the Army and Navy in affairs of
State governments—to suspend the ancient
writ of personal liberty and proclaim martial
law at his own discretion, we will with con-
fidence appeal from Congress to the people;
and I trust in God they will wipe out your
usurping legislation with the spirit of your
fathers when they struck the alien and sedi-
tion laws from the statute-book.
The Price of Loyalty.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. DUNNELL,
oe minnesota,
In the House op Repkesentatives,
April 4, 1871,
On the bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, no ordin-
ary question could have disturbed my pur-
pose to remain a listener and observer during
this first session of my service in Congress.
My convictions have been clear that we should
not adjourn without attempting some legisla-
tion for the protection of life, liberty, and
property wherever in our land they are in
peril. According to these convictions, I have
acted in caucus and voted on this floor. Very
strangely, we are asked if it be true that life,
liberty, and property are not safe in every sec-
tion of the country. I say " very strangely,"
for the evidence is so overwhelming that none
but those who, for party or other purposes, shut
their eyes and ears to the sickening accounts
which come to us every hour, can fail to be
convinced that these great immunities of the
American citizen are, in certain sections of
the Union, wholly and utterly unsafe. Iudeed,
those gentlemen on the other side of this
House who have spoken on this bill have
admitted the existence of the Ku Klux organ-
ization. They have asked, who can wonder
at the disorders in the South and who are
responsible for them ? They have then added
that the Republican party has caused them
through its reconstruction policy. But I will
refer again to these declarations before I close.
Let me here give one or two items showing
the presence in the South of a deep and organ-
ized hostility to the Government as seen in
the murder of men who were its defenders
in the dajr of its danger. The Grand Army M
Journal, issued March 25, 1871, in giving an
account of the murder of Ellis T. Jenkins, has
the following:
"Comrade Ellis was employed by the revenue de-
partment of southern Missouri, and was shot down
by his cowardly assassins for daring to profess openl y
the sentiments which he supported for four years in
the ranks of the Union Army, and which, when he
cried truce with his beaten enemy, he entered into
no agreement to resign. He was known as aworthy
member of the Grand Army of the Republic, and
this membership was the crime for which he has
been murdered. The proscription of the ex-Onion
soldier has not been confined to Missouri. Every
post of the Brand Army in the State of Tennessee
has been broken up except the one atMomphis.and
that now retains its organization in secret, and the
members dare not for their lives acknowledge their
connection. In the interior of tbeStateofKentucky,
which Mr. Senator Davis declares needs no protec-
tion for its citizens from the General Government,
the Union soldier is as much proscribed as though
he were an outlaw. In the State of Mississippi the
posts of the Grand Army were compelled by the force
of rebel sentiment to dissolve a year ago, and the
members have now secretly reorganized themselves
for mutual protection. Three men. m embers of our
order, and with bright Army records, have been
murdered in that State because ten years ago they
raised the patriot's rather than the traitor's weapon.
In Georgia the posts of the Grand Army have been
obliged to dissolve, except in Savannah and m
Brunswick, where they have a northern settlement
sufficient to protect them. In none of these States
is it at present safe for a man to allow his record as
a Union soldier to be known/'
Let the closing sentence in the foregoing
extract be again heard:
" In none of these States is it at present safe for a
man to allow his record as a Union soldier to be
known/'
If this declaration be true, and none here or
elsewhere can deny its truth, can any loyal
American remain at rest while the Union sol-
dier, and because he was such, anywhere in this
broad land, is unsafe, and eannot freely and
proudly proclaim his devotion to the Union,
its genius, and its destiny ? One single instance
of injury to such a citizen should call forth
