262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bunnell.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
every power and energy of the whole Govern-
ment, else our citizenship is a delusion and a
snare; jet these Union men are the victims
of these cowardly assassins, these ex-rebels.
They must be murdered and are murdered by
the thousand. This Kukluxism is hatred to
the Government.
A few mornings ago we read in the papers
the following:
"Chakleston, Sooth Cabomna,
March 26.
"Disguised men visited Dr. Winsmith, at Glen
Springs, in Spartanburg county, on Thursday night,
and shot the doctor six times, mortally woanding
him. He is supposed by this time to be dead. Ho
was many years State senator before the war, is
about seventy years old and a moderate Republican,
lie held no office."
Now, what was the trouble with this vener-
able man? This was his only crime, I pre-
sume, that he was a Union man, and was a
member of the party which has been the sal-
vation of the Union. If he had been an ex-
rebel, with the spirit of rebellion still alive in
his bosom, he would have been safe. Had he
been a member of the Democratic party he
would have been safe. Had he been a Ku
Klux, he would have been safe. On the other
hand, he was undoubtedly disposed to yield to
the new order of things about him, to accept
the new civilization which, as an event of the
war, had set in about him. He was at least
disposed to accept the situation, build up
again the industries of the South, and treat
the colored man as really and truly enfran-
chised. He was inclined to be a reasonable
man and a loyal citizen.
This Kukluxism is doubly fearful because
of its thoroughly organized character. It is
most completely organized. It has its signs,
its watchwords, its laws, and its oaths, all dis-
closing the hellish desires and purposes for
C which it has a being. I here read the oath of
f the organization. It is as follows:
" You solemnly swoiir, in tho prosonce of Almighty
Clod, Mint you will novor reveal tlio name of the per-
son who initiated you; nnd that you will never re-
veal what is now about to come to your knowlodgo;
anil that youaronot now a member of the Rod String
Order, Union League, iloroos of Amorica, Grand
Army of the Republic, or any other organization
whose aim and intention is to destroy the rights of
the South, or of the St.at.os, or of the people, or to
olovate the nogro to a political equality with your-
self; and that you are opposed to all such principlos.
So help you God.
"you further swear before Almighty God that
you will bo true to tho principles of this brothorhood
and tho members thereof; and that you will never ro-
vottl any of tho secrots, orders, acts, or ediots, and
you will never make known to any person, not a
known member of this brotherhood, that you aro a
member yourself, or who oremombers; and that you
will never assist in initiating orallow to be initiated,
if you can prevent it, any one belonging to tho Red
String Order, Union Leaguo, Heroes of Aiuoriea,
Grand Army of tho Republic, or any one holding
Radical views or opinions; and should any member
of this brothorhood, or their friends, bo in danger,
you will inform them of their danger, and, if neces-
sary, you will so to their assistance ; aud that you
will oppose all Radicals and negroes in all of thoir
political designs; and that should any Radical or
negro impose on, abuse, or injure any momber of
this brotherhood, you will assist in punishing him in
any manner the camp may direct.
"You lurthcr swear that you will obey all calls and
suminorisesof the chief ofyourcamp or brotherhood,
should it be in your power so to do.
"Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
novergivothewordol distross unloss you aroin great
need of assistance ; and should you bear it given by
any brother, you will go to his or their assistance;
and should any member reveal any of the secrets-
acts, o.dcrs, or edicts of the brotherhood, you will
assist in punishing him in any way the camp may
direct or approve of. So help you God."
The above oath is the best evidence possible
that the order is a political one, that it is
wholly in the interest of the Democratic party.
It has its friends and defenders on the floor
of this House. I ask attention to the word
"camp" in this oath. This "camp" is the
head-center, the grand central directing pow-
er. Whatever it decrees, the members must
execute. The members must punish "in any
way the camp may direct or approve of."
Such is the nature of this organization.
And further, with regard to this oath, I quote
from a recent speech of Senator Scott. He
said:
"Take the oath as itstands; look at its terms; and
can any man doubt that the object of the Ku Klux
Klan was identical with that of the Democratic
party? No man who was a member of the Union
League could ever get into the White Brotherhood;
no man who had been a member of the Heroes of
America, an order striving to preserve the Union
during the rebellion, could ever get into it; no man
who had ever followed the flag of the Union could
get into it. And, sir, it is a remarkable coincidence
that while the good men of North Carolina in the
Democratic party—and there are many of them, and
X intend to do them all honor, ay, more than honor,
when I come to them, byname, for having thecour-
age in the midst of such an organization to stand
up and denounce this wing of their party—it is a
significant fact that a large wing of the Democratic
party in these Ku Klux Klans in North Carolina
had necessarily to be soldiers of the rebel army in
order to enable them to enter the portals of the secret,
mystic ring!"
We are asked if the proposed law will do
any good or be effective. I do not doubt on
this point. The ex-rebels have once felt the
power of the Government. Let them again be
assured that it will protect the citizen and make
secure the rights which belong to him, protect
him in his life, liberty, and property, and they
will at least be less bold in their career of
blood. They will, indeed, begin to respect the
Government. If the United States cannot pro-
tect every citizen in the full enjoyment of all
those rights, privileges, and immunities which
are guarantied to us by the Federal Constitu-
tion, then is tho Government a failure.
Some here have contended that our protec-
tion must come from the State in which we
chance to reside. The old hateful doctrine
of State rights is here urged, and we are told
that the Federal Government has nothing to
do in behalf of the citizen unless, indeed, the
State authorities call for aid. These narrow
views are repugnant to me. Our national life
is involved in crises such as this. Shall not a
power coextensive with this life be invoked ?
Do we not instinctively turn to the Govern-
ment for protection 1 The honorable gentle-
man from New York [Mr. E. H. Roberts]
yesterday eloquently illustrated this point. He
said:
"Every Amerioan citizen turns instinctively to
that power which was ordained ' to establish justice,
insuro domestic tranouillity. and secure the bless-
ings of liberty.' They look to Congress 'toprovide
for the common defense and genoral welfare of the
United States.' This is a nation, and in no nook or
oranny of its domain is there a spot where tho
national aagis does not cover the humblest of its citi-
zens. So much is guarantied in the clause of the
Constitution that 'no State shall abridge the priv-
ileges or immunities of oitiacnsof tho United States;'
and statutes may rightfully so provide, and may
be enforced by every proper means. Tho present
violenco is directly aimed to break down not
only national law, but the recent amendments to
tho national Constitution. May we create citizens
and not protect them? Does the Constitution en-
franchise a race, only to consign it helplessly to
wrong and outrage and murder ? "
In seeking for power to protect the citizen
in these rights which are secured to him by the
Constitution, we must study the spirit as well
as the words of that instrument. These great
distinctive rights which are enumerated in the
Constitution ought to be made secure to us under
the Constitution in which they are named.
By what other view can we deem our liberties
safe? Thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar,] in his remarks upon this bill, very
properly asked, " Where are the liberties of the
people safe, if not with the majority sentiment
of thepeople?" " We, the people, doordain;"
the people of the Republic, the people whom
we here in Congress represent. They ordain,
and they must protect.
I have not designed to discuss the constitu-
tional bearing of this bill; abler men on this
floor have already demonstrated to my mind
that authority 1'or this legislation exists in the
Constitution. It was supposed the fourteenth
amendment made doubly certain all the rights
set forth in the Constitution. The closing arti-
cle provides that Congress shall have power,
by appropriate legislation, to enforce the pro-
visions of the amendment. It was this pro-
vision of this amendment which aroused the
especial opposition of the Democratic party
in Congress and in all the State Legislatures.
They admitted there that it gave the power
which we now claim for it. It may well be
asked, as it has been during this debate, what
would be appropriate legislation if this be not
such?
American citizenship has but little worth if
this law cannot be passed. How idle my dec-
laration, "I am an American citizen," if all
the rights which are seemingly made part and
parcel of my possession as such a citizen may
be at the mercy of assassins and the Govern-
ment have not the power to protect me ! I do
not wish to be told that I must look to my
State for protection. The Government claims
my allegiance, and my life when it is in danger;
why should it not protect me in these rights,
for which that life may be given up? "Life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness:" these
are the rights which the Federal Constitution
has guarantied to every citizen. When we take
this view of the case we give dignity and char-
acter to our citizenship; it becomes national.
Such rights as these are the true end of gov-
ernment. Vattel on the Law of Nations says:
"The end or object-of civil society is to procure
for the citizens whatever they stand in need of for
the necessities, the conveniences, the accommoda-
tion of life, and in general whatever constitutes
happiness, with the peaceful possession of property,
a method of obtaining justice with security, and,
finally, a mutual defense against all external vio-
lence."
It is just these beneficent ends of govern-
ment, for the protection of which we ask this
law. This law is asked for the protection of
every class of citizens. We demand it not
simply for the black man, but for the Union men
of the South, and even for the ex-rebels who
would now yield obedience to the Government.
A civil government makes the sublimest
exhibition of beneficence when it lifts up and
makes safe the humblest citizen; when it
throws around him its strong arm and so bida
him put forth and enjoy the fruits of his best
endeavors. Security in life and property must
be relied on by the citizen, or his citizenship
gives no occasion for boasting:
" Nothing can so weaken the life of a government
as even to soem to riofficet its citizens. No higher
duty can exist than to protect them."
The honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] has said to this side of the House
that we must retrace our steps. He spoke in
general terms. Was it an error in the Repub-
lican party that it put forth all its power to
put down rebellion? He cannot mean that
this act was wrong and must be retraced. The
same party has secured the adoption of the
thirteenth, the fourteenth, and the fifteenth
amendments. Would he have these amend-
ments declared null and void and reopen the
mighty questions settled by their adoption?
Will he dare recommend to the Democratic
party the adoption of a platform for the presi-
dential campaign of next year which shall pro-
nounce against these amendments? If such
shall be the watch-word of that party, it will
learn that the American people have had
enough of war; that they demand peace and
will not sustain a party which seeks to uphold
disorder and lawlessness. Too fresh are the
wounds which the great rebellion made to per-
mit the people to be deceived. The triumph
of the Democratic party in New Hampshire
finds no echo in Connecticut or elsewhere; it
was but accidental. That party will yet learn
that revolutions do not go backward. The
black man has been freed and enfranchised.
These great acts have been consummated.
They are steps which cannot be retraced and
will not be. No party will dare proclaim such
a policy.
