500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
of this amendment, the change may be carried
too far for the true interests of the country.
We are told, however, that it only has the
effect-to secure to the colored race the rights
which the white citizens had secured to them;
that it adds nothing to the Constitution, so far
as tie rights of citizenship in general are con-
cerned. That position I controvert, and claim
that much is added.
And first, it asserts a citizenship of the Uni-
ted States independent of State citizenship. I
am aware that before this amendment, in
speaking of the qualification of President, Sen-
ator's, and Representatives, the Constitution
provided that they must be citizens of the
United States. But what did that mean?
Bates, in his treatise on citizenship, declares
that he " finds no definition, no authoritative
establishment of the meaning of the phrase
'citizen of the United States,' neither by a
course of judicial decisions in our courts, nor
by the continued and consentaneous action of
the different branches of our political govern-
ment." What did that term mean? An un-
naturalized foreigner was not a citizen of the
United States, and one naturalized was. That
much is certain. But what further was cer-
tain? It had been held in many cases that the
State might determine the status of persons,
the qualifications of citizenship within its juris-
diction, except so far as restrained by the Con-
stitution of the United States, and there was
no restraint relating to citizenship except as to
naturalization. This will be found asserted in
the cases of Groves vs. Slaughter, (15 Peters,
419,) and Mooreus. Illinois, (14 Howard, 13.)
If a State declared that one native born,
residing in the State, for any cause, not only
on account of blood or color, was not a citi-
zen of that State, was he a citizen of the Uni-
ted States? How could he be, excepting in
the case of naturalization, a citizen and yet
not a citizen of any State, district, or Terri-
tory within the United States? How could he
claim the benefit of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution, which pro-
vides that citizens of each State shall be enti-
tled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States?
It was, unquestionably, the right of a sov-
ereign State to determine citizenship, and that
authority determined against the citizenship
of its inhabitant, and he had that character
nowhere. The Supreme Court went so far as
to declare, in the case of Scott vs. Sanford,
that one might have all the rights and priv-
ileges of a citizen of a State and yet not be
entitled to the rights and privileges of a citizen
of another State. A mulatto man might be a
citizen of Massachusetts but he was not a citi-
zen of Virginia; and we know that when citi-
zens of Massachusetts went to South Carolina
they were imprisoned, and when Judge Hoar
went to argue their cause he was mobbed. We
know that the Supreme Court of the United
States declared that four millions of native-
born persons who paid taxes and were rep-
resented were not citizens. We know that
the_ extreme State-rights doctrine denied all
national citizenship, that this doctrine, mod-
ified and accepted, made United States citi-
zenship dependent on State citizenship. Now
conies the fourteenth amendment, and declares
that all persons, no matter whether they are
citizens of States or not, born or naturalized
in the United States, shall be citizens of the
United States. That is what this nation says,
let the States say what they will j and it further
adds that they shall be citizens of the State in
which they reside.
This amendment further asserts, in a manner
never before asserted, that the citizen of the
United States, as such, has privileges and
immunities which the General Government will
enforce. Prior to this amendment there were
three provisions of the Constitution which
invoked the care of the General Government
in behalf of the States and their citizens.
Article two, section three, provided that "the
President shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed." Under this provision
Congress has an undoubted right to confer on
the President the requisite power to enforce
the laws of the United States.
Again, the fourth article, section four, de-
clares that the United States guaranties to
each of the States a republican form of gov-
ernment, protects them against invasion, and,
when called upon by the Governor or the Legis-
lature, protects them from domestic violence.
This creates an obligation on the Government
to give relief to the State rather than a right to
interfere. The other provision is article four,
section two, which declares that the citizens of
each State are entitled to the privileges and
immunities of citizens of the several States.
This, whatever may have been the intention
of the framer's of the Constitution, has been by
construction held to mean only that there shall
be no discrimination against citizens of other
States as to their fundamental rights. (Con-
ner vs. Elliot, 18 Howard, 593.)
None of these provisions affirmatively assert
that the citizenship of the United States has
incident to it privileges and immunities which
the General Government will enforce. Neither
does the civil rights bill assert the right of
citizens of the United States to any privileges.
It was passed in April, 1868, and it secures to
colored men the same rights as are secured to
white men, without saying what rights either
are possessed of. The fourteenth amendment
goes much further than merely establishing
"equality" between whites and blacks. It
asserts United States citizenship and defines
some of its privileges and immunities. In the
case of The Live Stock. Association vs. The
Crescent City Live Stock Company, in the
United States circuit court for the district of
Louisiana, in June, 1870, (1 Abbott, page
338,) the court held that—
"Since the breaking out of the late war several
amendments to the Constitution have been adopted,
intended to protect the citizen from oppression by
means of State legislation, and to confer upon Con-
gress the power, by appropriate legislation, to carry
the amendments into effect. Among these, amend-
ment fourteen declares that all persons born or nat-
uralized in the United States and subject to its juris-
diction are citizens of the United States and of the
Stato wherein they reside, and that no State shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the United
States; nor shall any State deprive any person of
lifo, liberty, or propel ty, without due process of law,
nor deny to any person withm its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws.
"The new prohibition, that' no Stato shall make
or enforce any law which shall abridgo tho privileges
or iinmunitiesof citizens of theUnited States,' is not
identical with the clause in the Constitution which
declares that ' the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States.' It embraces much more.
" It is possible that those who framed the article
were not themselves aware of the far-reaching char-
acter of its terms. They may have had in mmd but
one particular phase of social and political wron 
which they desired to redress. Yet if the amend-
ment as framed and expressed does in fact bear a
broader meaning, aud does extend its protecting
shield over those who were never thought of when
it was conceived and put in form, and does reach
social evils which were never before prohibited by
constitutional enactment, it is to be presumed that
tho American people in giving it their imprimatur
understood what they were doing, and meant to
decree what has in fact been decreed.
" The 'privileges and immunities' secured by the
original Constitution were only such as each State
gave to its own citizens. Each was prohibited from
discriminating in favor of its own citizens and again3t
the citizens of other States. But the fourteenth
amendment prohibits any Stato from abridging the
privileges or immunities oi the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, whether its own citizens or any others.
It not merely requires equality of privileges, but
it demands that the privileges and immunities of
all citizens shall bo absolutely unabridged, unim-
paired."
Let us not forget that before and at the time
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution
there was no such thing as citizenship of the
United States. The Confederation was a mere
league. After the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, except in the case of naturalization, one
became a citizen of the United States by virtue
ot being a citizen of a State. State citizen-
ship was primary and that of the United States
was derivative and consequential. Since the
fourteenth amendment the order is changed.
Now citizenship of the United States is pri-
mary, underived, and independent of State
citizenship. _A people who have been afflicted
by the doctrine of States rights, and have
seen some of the States of this Union, as if they
were little principalities surrounded by walls
of brass, wrap themselves up in their fancied
grandeur and exclude one half of the people
of the country from their borders by proscrib-
ing free speech, free thought, and free action,
meant something when they made that amend-
ment. They had enough of that thing, and
decreed that—-
" AH persons born or naturalized in the United
States shall be citizens of the United States."
That includes everybody; and to-day forty
millions may turn to the dome of the Capitol
and declare thatthey are citizens of this Union,
that here is their allegiance, that they are under
the panoply of laws of the Union, that they are
shielded by the asgis of the nation. The day
will soon come when the declaration, "I am
an American citizen," will be a phrase as
honored all over the world as was the '*Civis
Romanus sum" of the ancients. The day
must never come again in this Republic when
devotion to our nationality in some sections
of the country only secured a more speedy
death or a more ignominious punishment.
And this is not all. The forty millions are
not only by this amendment citizens of the
United States, but are by virtue of it, and of
it alone, and in despite of the laws or consti-
tution of any State, also citizens of the State
in which they reside. National and State cit-
izenship now both depend on the Constitution
of the United States; formerly both were de-
pendent on the States. The journeyman cob-
bler of New England may wrap his awl and
wax and last in his leather apron and stand in
Charleston, or New Orleans, or Savannah, and
say, "Here I will settle in despite of the con-
stitution and of the laws of these States ; and I
have a right to invoke the power of the nation
here to protect me." The mason or the car-
penter of New Jersey may put his chisels or
hia trowels in his carpet-bag, aud go to any
part of the land, and say, " Here I will stay
in despite of the holy horror of those who cry
out," " Adventurer 1" "Scalawag!" "Car-
pet-bagger!" That is the law of the situation,
and that is to be its working in this country.
The nation has had enough of this perverted
doctrine of State rights, with its mighty as-
sumptions ; and if we do not now put it down
we are not a free people. I take it that the
people of the North and East and West have
at least as good a right to purchase and enjoy
the soil of the South as those who hold it only
by their clemency ; that they have at least as
good a right to the protection of the laws of
this Government, which they bled to preserve,
as those who sought its destruction.
What are the privileges and immunities of
American citizenship? We shall find them,
sir, in that time-honored State paper which is
bound up with our laws and which is part of
American common law, which is the corner-
stone of the world's temple of liberty, and
which declares "that all men are created
equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain inalienable rights ; that among
these are life, liberty, and tho pursuit of hap-
piness. " The pursuit of happiness is the high-
est privilege of the citizen. The highest priv-
ilege of a man is the formation of character.
But the most comprehensive privilege of the
citizen is the "pursuit of happiness."
I know that_ these declarations have been
called "glittering generalities," but they were
not so esteemed when they were read amid the
shouts of patriots along the continental line,
and they must not so be considered now, since
they are sanctified by the blood of our broth-
ers, as well as our fathers, and are made part
of our fundamental law by constitutional enact-
ment.
These privileges are further defined by Mr.
