1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
Justice Washington, in Corfield vs. Coryell, (4
Washington's Circuit Court Reports, 380,)
where he says:
"They may all be comprehended under the fol-
lowing general heads: protection by the Govern-
ment: the enjoyment of life, liberty, with the right
to acquire and possess property of every kind, and
to pursue and to obtain happiness and safety."
This amendment specifies life, liberty, aud
property as among the privileges of the citizen
of the United States, and provides " that no
State shall deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws." A
State denies equal protection whenever it fails
to give it. Denying includes inaction as well
as action. A State denies protection as effect-
ually by not executing as by not making laws.
The amendment says a State is not to abridge
the privileges and immunities by making or
enforcing any laws, and it is denying protec-
tion by failing to make or by failing to enforce
proper laws. Our complaint against England
is not only that her laws of neutrality were
insufficient, but that she failed to execute those
she had. It is a poor comfort to a community
that have been outraged by atrocities, for the
officials to tell them, " We have excellent laws
on our statute-books." It is the citizen's right
to have laws for his protection, to have them
executed, and it is the constitutional right and
duty of the General Government to see to it
that the fundamental rights of citizens of the
United States are protected.
How is the United States to protect the
privileges of citizens of the United States in
the States? It cannot deal with the States or
with their officials to compel proper legislation
and its enforcement; it can only deal with the
offenders who violate the privileges aud im-
munities of citizens of the United States.
But by doing this we are told the General
Government would interfere with the domestic
affairs of a State. I feel as deeply as any one
the importance of not interfering with the
power and jurisdiction of our State govern-
ments. We have a vast domain which can be
indefinitely extended if our State governments
are not weakened. They, properly administer-
ing the law, bring protection and justice to
every man's door. The General Government,
by extending its municipal jurisdiction over
the affairs ol the community, will not so well
administer justice and will weaken itself in the
discharge of its proper functions.
Not all the partisan success that ambition
ever craved would induce me to lay a sacrile-
gious hand on the Constitution of my country
or to jar the ark of the covenant. It was
James Madison who, in speaking of that Con-
stitution, said that no mau of reflection could
read it without discovering in it the finger of
that Almighty hand which had so frequently
and so signally been put forth for the relief of
this country in the dark days of the Revolution;
and I could, not but admire the cautious spirit
of our present Chief Magistrate, who, in his
brief message the other day, after stating the
necessity of further legislation to meet exist-
ing exigencies, at the same time suggested
that the provision for the relief fixed upon
should expire, by the terms of the law, in a
short period. The Federal Government should
only interfere to protect the citizen of the Uni-
ted States in his privileges when the State
clearly and persistently fails to do so.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ? The Senator says that the
Government of the United States is bound to
protect the citizen in all of his rights, immun-
ities, and privileges. I ask him if he con-
siders the ballot one of the privileges of the
citizen of the United States guarantied by the
Constitution ?
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I believe that
the ballot is one of the privileges of the citi-
zen.
Mr. BLAIR. Then the only State in this
Union that discriminates against any of its
citizens in the ballot is, according to my in-
formation, the State of Rhode Island, which
denies the ballot to naturalized citizens who
are not the owners of real estate within the
State of Rhode Island. Ought the General
Government to interfere and give the privilege
thus denied by the laws of that State ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will leave my
friend from Missouri to discuss that question
with the Senators from Rhode Island. It is a
little off the line of remark to which I was
directing the attention of the Senate.
The General Government should not der-
ogate from the power and authority of the
States, but should act in their aid. The Con-
stitution already declares that, when called
upon, it is the duty of the President to aid and
strengthen the States. But still the perplex-
ing practical question recurs, how, in what
manner, is the General Government to pro-
tect the privileges of its citizens?
There are three classes of remedies that might
be applied: civil remedies, criminal remedies,
and public or national relief.
As to the civil remedies, for a violation of
these privileges, we know that when the courts
of a State violate the provisions of the Con-
stitution or the law of the United States there
is now relief afforded by a review in the Fed-
eral courts. And since the fourteenth amend-
ment forbids any State from making or enforc-
ing any law abridging these privileges and
immunities, as you cannot reach the Legisla-
tures, the injured party should have an ori-
ginal action in our Federal courts, so that by
injunction or by the recovery of damages he
could have relief against the party who under
color of such law is guilty of infringing his
rights. As to the civil remedy no one, I think,
can object.
As to the criminal remedies for violation of
the privileges of the citizen of the United
States, there is more difficulty. Our Gov-
ernment, as we all know, is complex in its
character. The General Government has na-
tional power and jurisdiction, and it also acts
municipally, enforcing its own laws. The
States have only municipal jurisdiction. The
General Government and the States have con-
current jurisdiction in many municipal matters.
Thus, it is an indictable crime against the Uni-
ted States to counterfeit its coin or bills, and
the same offense is an indictable crime against
the States. The crime against the United
States is counterfeiting ; that against the State
is a cheat. The United States punishes the
offender because he has violated the majesty
of the United States laws ; and the State pun-
ishes him because he has injured the commerce
of society. (Fox vs. The State of Ohio, o
Howard, 410.)
In 1812 the United States made laws inflict-
ing punishment on the militia for not obeying
the orders of the President. Pennsylvania
enacted as a State law the identical statute of
the United States, and it was held that each
government could maintain jurisdiction.
There Mr. Justice Johnston says:
" Why may not the same offense be made punish-
able both under ttic laws of the States and of the
United States? Every citizen of a State owes a
double allegiance; ho enjoys the protection and par-
ticipates in the government of both the State ana
the United States. It is obvious that in those cases
in which the United States may exercise the ristht
of exclusive legislation it will rest with Congress to
determine whether the General Government shall
cxercuse the right of punishing exclusively, or leave
theStates at liberty to exercise their own discretion.
But where the United States cannot assume, or
where they have not assumed this exclusive exer-
cise of power, I cannot imagine a reason why the
States may not also, if thoy feel themselves injured
by the same offense, assert their right of inflicting
punishment also." ;
Robbing the mail is an offense against the [
United States, and the same otfense is the '
crime of highway robbery against the State. !
The United States passed a statute against
harboring a slave, as an offense against die
owner; Illinois passed a like stai nte as against
the peace of society. Both the United States
and the State are held to have jurisdiction.
(14 Howard, IS.) Mr. Justice Grier in that
case says: ^
"Every citiaen of the United States is also a citi-
zen of a Stato or Territory, lie may bo said to owe
allegiance to two sovereigns, and may be liable to
punishment for an infraction of the laws of either.
.Che same act may be an otfense or transgression of
the laws of both. Thus, ail assault upon the mar-
shal of the United States and hindering him in the
execution of legal process is a high offense against
the United States, for which the perpetrator is liable
to punishment; and the same act may be also a
gross breach of the peace of the State, a riot, assault,
or a murder, and subject the same person to a pun-
ishment, under the State laws, for a misdemeanor
or felony. That either or both may (if they sea fit)
punish such an offender, cannot bo doubted. Xet it
cannot bo truly averred that the offender has been
twice punished for the same offense; but only that
by one act he has committed two offenses, for each
of which he is justly punishable."
The case of Captain Howe is reported in
Bennett's Military Law and Court-Martial,
page 100. He was arrested in Florida, there
indicted for manslaughter and acquitted. He
was tried for a violation of the Army regu-
lations before a court-martial for the same
offense, convicted, and his conviction approved
by the Attorney General.
These and other cases show that the same
crime'may violate a United States and a State
law, and the question recurs, shall the United
States enact laws making infringements of
the privileges of a citizen of the United States
crimes against the United States? This would
establish a double criminal jurisdiction; and
as nearly all offenses affect life, liberty, or
property, the privileges of a citizen of the
United States, the criminal code of this Union
would be very comprehensive.
This, in my opinion, would be carrying the
enforcement of the fourteenth amendment, if
not further than is constitutional, further than
is expedient. Some idea may yet be suggested
that will by criminal proceeding give protec-
tion against the violation of United States
citizenship without calling for a general crim-
inal code. The fourteenth amendment must
be made to harmonize and to strengthen the
complex framework of our Government and
not be used to make the General Government
imperial. It must be read in the light of our
judicial history, and be read together with the
tenth amendment, which declares that "the
powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people."
Thus reading the fourteenth amendment, if
it bo constitutional, I do not consider it now
expedient for the General Government to
assume a general municipal jurisdiction over
crimes in the States. There is a limited crim-
inal jurisdiction to be exercised as ancillary
to the public remedy, of which I shall speak
presently, which is, in my opinion, clearly
constitutional and advisable. But while ex-
pressing this view, I would not be understood
to hold that under no circumstances would it
be proper to exercise such criminal jurisdic-
tion. I hold it to be always constitutional to
prevent the Government and the adminis-
tration of its laws from being destroyed or
seriously impaired. SaCus populi est supremo,
lex is a part of the constitution of every Gov-
ernment.
Now, a word as to the public relief to which
I have referred, in which the General Govern-
ment acts nationally in securing to the citizens
of the United States protection in their priv-
ileges and immunities. I believe that is the
manner in which the fourteenth amendment
should be enforced. When the President, in
the exercise of his official judgment, is satisfied
that, by reason of combinations, insurrections,
or domestic violence in any State, the State
fails to give protection to the citizen of the
United States in his privileges and immuni-
ties, it should be the President's duty to sup-
press such domestic violence or combination
by the use of the military force or other means ;
aud, in aid of and ancillary to this power
