502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
given the President, and to avoid the necessity
of trial under martial law,*11 engaged in such
combinations should be held guilty of felony
against the United States and punished in the
Federal courts by fine and imprisonment.
I know that we are told that this is not the
remedy they need at the South,but if you give
the President of the United States authority to
employ the military force and other means, such
as police or constabulary force, to suppress do-
mestic violence, to see that the mails are not
disturbed, to have the revenue collected, to
see that the administration of justice in the
Federal courts is not interfered with, there
will not be much disorder in that community.
The power thus given the President is such
as the Government possesses to protect its
citizens all over the world. The Federal Gov-
ernment thus acts, nationally, in its super-
vision over the peace and order of the States.
This would be giving thePresident the same
power that the fourth article of the Constitu-
tion gives him, only it is to be exercised at his
discretion instead of at the discretion and re-
quest of a Governor of a State, which is right,
inasmuch as, since the fourteenth amendment,
it is the privilege of a citizen of the United
States that he interposes to protect. The
enforcement act of 1870 places the military
power of the United States at the command
of the marshal. Why should we hesitate to
give it to the President?
The United States thus interfering only
when the State will not or cannot protect the
privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States, it would be an absurdity to say
that when the rights of citizens are willfully
violated by the authorities of a State the Fed-
eral Government should delay to interfere
until requested to do so by the State. The
United States interferes only to guaranty rights
and protection when the State fails, and acts
in its national character, and not muuicipally.
It does not interfere with the State govern-
ment, excepting to strengthen and sustain it.
The United States neither makes nor executes
a criminal code. The framework of our Gov-
ernment, reserving municipal government to
the States and national jurisdiction to the Gen-
eral Government, is not disturbed. If any
one thinks it is going too far to give the United
Slates this national supervisory power to pro-
tect the fundamental rights of citizens of the
United States, I do not agree with him. It is
not wise to permit our devotion to the reserved
rights of the States to be carried so far as to
deprive the citizen of his privileges and im-
munities.
We must remember that it was State rights,
perverted I admit from their true significance,
that arrayed themselves against the nation and
threatened its existence. We must remember
that it was for the very purpose of placing in
the General Government a check upon this
arrogance of some of the States that the four-
teenth amendment was adopted by the people.
We must remember that, if the legislation we
propose does trench upon what have been,
before the fourteenth amendment, considered
the rights of the States, it is in behalf and
for the protection of immunities and privileges
clearly given by the Constitution ; and that
Federal laws and Federal rights must be pro-
tected whether domestic laws or their adminis-
tration are interfered with or not, because the
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance
thereof are the supreme law of the land. We
are not making a constitution, we are enact-
ing a law, and its virtue can be tested without
pfrU by the experiment. Placing the discre-
tion a? t; the enforcement of the law with the
Preside^,, and not with the Governor of a State
or with a marshal, I see no peril.
Mr. President, we had better attend to these
disorders now. A crevice in a dike or a levee,
which a child's hand could cover, if neglected,
may leal to a general inundation." We once
before thought that the genius of our country
could sport with licentiousness and her purity
not be tarnished. We once before thought
that this nation possessed a charter of immor-
tal security, while all the time we were float-
ing down the rapids of lawless passion until
we trembled equipoised on the fearful cataract.
Let this Congress adjourn now, without apply-
ing the easy remedy which the Executive has
asked, and one more severe and dangerous
will be required. Let the fourteenth amend-
ment be enforced equally and constitutionally
among all the States, and we have done our
work as statesmen, not as partisans; as Amer-
icans, and not as sectional men.
Mr. President, from the details of the atroci-
ties to which we have listened, we can turn to
a brighter picture. We now have a full Sen-
ate. I congratulate the nation and the party
whose liberal policy has so soon effected this
result. We see before us Senators from all
parts of this vast, continuous domain, which
is destined to be the seat of the grandest and
freest empire of the world. Our people have
one language, one religion, similar manners,
and all delig&t in a free Government. Let us
unite in our efforts that the law may reign
supreme.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Jersey who has j ust taken his seat has
anticipated me in much that I proposed to say
on the general subject now before the Senate,
and particularly has he discussed the question
of our constitutional power to pass the neces-
sary measures to repress those outrages at the
South which trample out life and liberty in a
manner which leaves little of value to be said
by me.
I think, sir, we underestimate the tremen-
dous passions engendered by the war when we
are surprised that general pacification has not
followed its close. We who denounce these
disorders in the South seem to think that the
six years of peace which have ensued are suffi-
cient for the passions to have subsided. But,
sir, for myself, while I will go to the farthest
limit of constitutional power to repress them,
I am thankful they are no worse. I do not
forget that this was a civil war, a war of sec-
tions; that it raged with the greatest violence
for years, and that during its progress every
devilish passion of the human heart was let
loose in the work of destruction.
It should not be forgotten, sir, that the
causes which led to it have been in active
operation for near half a century. Upon more
than one occasion a civil war had been immi-
nent before it came. Master minds in whom
the country trusted succeeded in postponing
for a time the dread arbitrament of arms. Who
has forgotten the angry controversy fifty years
since which resulted in the Missouri compro-
mise line; the bitter agitation which sprung
up from the attempt to apply the Wilmot pro-
viso to the country acquired from Mexico ;
the fierce debates in these Halls and .all over
the country in 1850 when California was ad-
mitted as a State, or how that strife was renewed
in 1854 when the Missouri compromise line was
repealed and the forces of freedom and slavery
confronted each other upon the virgin soil of
Kansas ? A few years later this sectional strife,
having its principal origin in slavery, broke
out into a civil war, distinguished, as all such
wars are, by a rancor and bitterness unknown
in international wars. That fraternal strife
continued for four bloody years. More than
half a million men were slain outright. Dur-
ing that time a great portion of the people of
eleven States strove with the utmost will and
energy to overthrow the national Government.
They who planned secession had resolved
upon its accomplishment. Never were men
more desperately in earnest. They were hope-
ful almost to the last. When they entered
upon the work of revolution everything seemed
to favor their hopes at home and abroad. They
were prepared. For years the work of prep-
aration had been going on steadily. If not a
unit among themselves, the leaders were suffi-
ciently numerous and powerful to suppress
opposition sentiment at home. They had many
friends outside the revolting States. From the
South great colonies had been planted in all
the new States and Territories. Besides this,
old political alliances led a large portion of
the Democratic party North to look with a
forgiving eye upon their efforts to establish
independence. A new empire, with slavery
established upon an immovable basis, beyond
the reach of hostile legislation and hostile
sentiment; a complete divorce from States
whose institutions were framed in the interest
of freedom, freedom and equality to all—these,
sir, were the objects of these leaders. The
pent-up animosities of more than a quarter of
a century broke loose with terrible ferocity in
this controversy. Members of the same house-
hold were arrayed against each other. The
laws and amenities of war were often forgotten.
Actuated by such hates, animated by such
hopes, their lives and fortunes all embarked
in this desperate game, the enterprise itself
nursed and cherished for years, is it to be
wondered that their defeat was in the last
degree humiliating ? The surrender came only
after the most desperate resistance, protracted
to the latest moment that a hope survived.
It came after an exhaustion that was complete.
In the loss of their cause they lost everything.
They were rebels, and subdued rebels. Im-
piously had they raised their hands against a
paternal Government and sought its overthrow.
They were compelled to submit to its author-
ity and respect the flag they had trodden
under foot; nay, more, they were compelled
to sue for forgiveness. They looked around
with mournful glance upon their country in
ruins. Three hundred thousand of their com-
rades, their misguided followers, slept in
death. The land was filled with widows and
orphans. For years the arts and industries
of peace had been laid aside, and now desti-
tution, almost universal, stared them in the
face. Fields desolated, homes burned, cities
and towns sacked, civil government destroyed,
demoralization and anarchy everywhere—all
these attested the complete ruin of their cause.
And this was not all. They were not only
compelled to resume allegiance to the Gov-
ernment they had vainly attempted to over-
throw, but to submit to the burdens the war
had imposed, all of the laws of taxation
were extended over them. They were made
to submit to paying their share of the debt
incurred in subduing them, while their own
widows and orphans and maimed soldiers were
unprovided for; unwillingly they were made
to assist in the payment of pensions to this
class of their conquerors. Mean time a large
body of their lands had been sold for taxes—
taxes of the Federal Government—others had
been seized by the Government and turned over
to the colored people. Their slaves had been
made free and were subsequently invested with
the civil and then with all the political rights
of their old masters. And now, that the cup
of their bitterness might be made quite full,
they had to witness, without the power of pre-
venting it, this despised, servile race, framing
the laws to govern them and filling the offices
they once filled.
Such, sir, was the condition to which this
unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Govern-
ment reduced them. Now, looking at these
records, for one, I am not surprised—no one
should be—that, among s, high-spirited people,
smarting under the disgrace and the failure of
all their hopes, disorders should occur in these
newlv-formed State governments.
Consider, sir, for a moment what conces-
sions they have been required to make. Read
the three amendments of the Constitution they
have been required to ratify as a condition to
their restoration to the Union and represent
ation in its Congress. By the first, they
consented to the complete abolishment of
