264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. or Keps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Barry.
42d Cong .... 1st Sess.
enormity is to be concealed by tramping up
false counter-charges against the Administra-
tion and the southern Republicans. If this
precious scheme of humbug can be perpetuated
until the reconstruction policy of Congress is
revolutionized and the rebellion reenthroned,
their abominable purpose will be accomplished
in part.
Sir, it is yet to be settled whether half a mil-
lion American lives and $10,000,000,000 have
been expended in vain for the salvation of
this country. The baleful fires of 1861 have
been rekindled through the corrupt, reckless,
and unprincipled interference of the northern
Democracy. The whole Ku Klux movement
is a piece of gratuitous mischief. At the close
of the war the spirit of rebellion was stunned
and paralyzed. When General Grant passed
through the South he found no disposition to
reopeu t he contest. The rebel leaders, expect-
ing to be called to a fearful account for their
misdoings, were not disposed to attract special
attention by any individual demonstrations.
The ignorant rank and file, finding no stim-
ulus or direction from their leaders, were still
less disposed to any outbreak. But the cock-
atrice's egg was in ihe nest; it was the north-
ern Democracy that warmed it into life and
hatched its pestiferous brood. It is idle to
quote the observations made by General Grant
in 1865 as representing the facts of 1871. The
last semi-decade has witnessed a fearful trans-
formation. The nest-egg of treason has been
hatched; the rebellion is again skirmishing
along the lines. To-day the lost cause is wor-
shiped with more malignant fanaticism than
ever. The spirit of caste, the original animus
of rebellion, is still unbroken.
The transition from slave to free labor has
not yet been accepted as a finality by the old
lords of the soil. The corrupt and wicked
sympathy of the northern Democracy has be-
gotten the wild hope of again enslaving their
former bondmen. They still look with contempt
upon manual labor as the task only of Helots
and slaves. They still refuse to conform to
their changed circumstances and pressing
necessities. Their evil habits of indolence
and self-indulgence still cling to them. They
still follow the routine of their old shiftless
agriculture, and still bow to the broken scepter
of king cotton, which no longer sways the
markets of the world. They are still fleeced
by speculators and middlemen. They raise
cotton for fifteen cents a pound, and pay fifty
cents a head for cabbages purchased by whole-
sale from farmers in Indiana at three cents a
head. They stigmatize a varied agriculture
as contemptible truck patching, and still cling
to their old royal staples, though every crop
involves them in additional pecuniary embar-
rassment. At a time when the industry and
commerce of the world are assuming a settled
and economic character, demanding trained
aptitudes and tireless energy as inexorable
conditions of success, t.hey are dreaming of
the slipshod ease and luxury of the old days.
Their estates are becoming more incumbered
every year. Bankruptcy stares them in the
face. Disgust and despair have stimulated
their hatred of the "damned Yankee." Finan-
cial considerations have made the old landed
aristocracy more bitter rebels than ever.
In illustration and proof of the foregoing esti-
mate of the late ruling classes of the South,
especially of Mississippi, I beg leave to cite
the acts of the so-called Legislature of the
latter State, convened by Andrew Johnson.
Dismissing with a passing notice the dishon-
est apportionment of taxes, made with the
corruj?; purpose of relieving the land-owner
of his legitimate share of the public burdens,
let us glance for a moment at the legislation
affec'ing the freedmen, showing, as iftioes, a
deliberate purpose to reestablish slavery under
another form. In his inaugural address of
October 16, 1865, Governor Humphreys un-
masks this feature in the rebel programme in
the following significant terms:
"The planter cannot venture upon the cultivation
of the great staple unless the laborer is compelled
to comply with his contract, remaining and per-
forming his amount of labor day after day and week
after week, throughout the whole year: and if he
attempts to escape, he should be returned tohisem-
ployer and forced to workuntil the time for which he
has contracted has expired."
How these recommendations were enacted
into statutes by this so-called legislature may
be seen by consulting the pamphlet laws of
Mississippi for 18G5. It was enacted that any
freedman who should quit the service of his
employer during the period of his engagement
should be arrested and carried back. He
should furthermore not only forfeit his back
pay, but also the compensation of parties
arresting hirn was to be deducted from the
wages accruing during the remainder of his
term of service. By another statute every
freedman was required, by the second Monday
in January, 1866, to find lawful employment,
under a penalty of fifty dollars and costs, for
the payment of which lie was liable to be hired
out in compulsory service to the lowest bidder.
Minor orphans were to be apprenticed by the
probate court during the remaining period of
their minority. Freedmen were forbidden to
keep lire-arms, ammunition, bowie-knives, &c.
The old ante bdlum statutes regulating the
conduct of slaves and free negroes were spe-
cifically reiinacted. This public document
abounds in such legislation, showing that the
legislating classes of Mississippi, who reluc-
tantly ratified the thirteenth amendment, were
determined from the first to render it inoper-
ative. Like the old Bourbons, they had for-
gotten nothing and they had learned nothing.
Sir, the revival of their arrogant assumptions
is entirely due to the support, given them by
Andrew Johnson and the northern Democracy.
But for this support the devil would have hes-
itated to show his cloven foot so plainly.
As for the landless and uncapitalized classes,
the poor whites, formerly stigmatized by the
slaveholders as " white trash," their feeling to-
ward the Government is merely the reflection
of that of their masters. Just now they are in
a savage mood, instigated to any possible act
of violence. They are as impervious to a higher
civilization as ever. Hatred of the negro is
now added to hatred of the Yankee, and both
these antipathies burn with unspeakable fero-
city in the bosoms of men who are about as
capable of independent thought as the com-
panions of their old slave hunts, the bull-dogs,
whoso ferocity they emulate. Until they are
reconstructed upon a higher model of man-
hood they will continue to answer with hound-
like fidelity the call of their masters. These
are the men who meet in Ku Klux conclaves
to plan the murder of Union men. The only
way to neutralize this immense mass of evd
influence is to flood the country with a civ-
ilized population. But such a population is
repelled by the presence of such savages. The
game of the Democracy is to stimulate their
repulsive features so as to repel immigration
and to perpetuate the reign of barbarism at
the South.
I listened with profound interest to the fig-
ures of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
WniTTiioftNE.] I would be most happy to
coincide with him in opinion that the South
has made a permanent progress in industrial
civilization siuce the war. I am, however,
painfully convinced that all that has been done
in this direction is diametrically opposed to
the views and wishes of the late ruling classes,
and that it would all fall to the ground should
they regain the control.. I would secure the
permanency of this prosperity by perpetuating
and strengthening the influences which have
secured it hitherto. The triumph of the Dem-
ocracy, however, will bring back that old bar-
barism which slavery found to be its only eon-
genial atmosphere.
Whoever has lived long enough at the South
to catch the drift of affairs knows that the
improvements detailed by the gentleman are
not the regular developments of southern civil-
ization, but are importations from without. In
fact, civilization in the South is utterly unpro-
gressive, as is the civilization of every com-
munity ruled by a social caste. It was f®m the
beginning centralized and enslaved, reduced to
obedience to a small oligarchy, who, with the
aid of the northern Democracy, are seeking to
reestablish their old dominion. It chattelizect
the human soul, and it stratified society into
privileged and unprivileged orders. It did all
this under the forms of democracy, showing
that the most free and progressive political
organization is worthless unless the social
organization corresponds with it. It degraded
the non-slaveholding whites by restricting their
range of information and by denying the means
of popular education. It deprived the public
press of all independence of character, by lim-
iting its patronage to those interested in the
great monopoly. It subsidized the pulpit, and
bought up the ministers of thegospel, in order
that the influences of religion might be used
to stultify the public mind, and to debauch the
public conscience. It is in popular ignorance
that the oligarchy is still intrenched.
With the fall of slavery, however, this reign
of ignorance and malignant prejudice has given
way. Immigration has come in already to
some extent, and with a settled and peaceful
social order it would come with a perfect flood-
tide. The germs of a higher civilization have
been planted, and all that is necessary for their
genial growth is the quiescence of rebel agita-
tion. The broad areas of unoccupied south-
ern lands, teeming with untold resources of
productive power, would soonbefilled up with
a population trained in the habits of industry
and self-control of a free community. The
state of things at the close of the war was
favorable to this happy consummation. From
all quarters came reports of quiet though sul-
len submission. But the demon of mischief
was at work at the North and at Washington.
The man who had crawled through a bullet-
hole into the place of the martyred Lincoln
soon forgot that "treason is a crime and must
be punished." Repudiating the r&le of Moses
■which he had assumed during the war, he went
over to the enemy and endeavored to over-
power the voice of the loyal people of this
nation by a combination of the defeated rebels
of the South, the copperhead Democracy of
the North,and such free and easy Republicans!
as were lying around loose in the partisan mar-
ket ready to sell themselves at very low prices.
I will not take up the time of this House by
reviewing the struggle in which this reaction-
ary movement came to grief. Through the
military administration of the reconstruction
acts, and the election of Grant and Colfax in
1868, the spirit of rebellion was held in check
so far as to perfect the present governmental
organizations in the lately revolted States.
But the snake was only scotched and not
killed. In the canvass of 1868 was strnck the
most effective key-note of reactionary violence,
the infamous Brodhead letter. The trans-
formation of its author from one of the most
radicaland obnoxiousof Republican politicians
to an oracle of the most bitter rebel feeling
will stand in history as one of the most
remarkable political somersaults ever known.
The recklessness of his turn-coat audacity has
astonished and delighted his new-found friends.
His words are a power with the disloyal ele-
ment of the country. With the people at
large, however, they are a power of another
sort. They have a remarkable faculty of
exciting disgust and indignation. Had he
