1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
slavery, their cherished institution, interwoven
in their political and social systems. In this
one concession they lost property valued by
them at more than two thousand million dol-
lars. In the second, they consented that their
former slaves should henceforth be citizens ;
that their leading men, all who had ever taken
the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States and broken it by engaging in
rebellion, should be deprived of the right of
holding any office, civil or military, under the
United States or under any State, unless re-
lieved of their disability by Congress. They
consented that the validity of the public debt
of the United States, including debts incurred
for payment of pensions and bounties for
services in suppressing the rebellion, should
never be questioned, while they renounced all
claim to compensation for the loss or emanci-
pation of their slaves. They consented that
it should be written down in the Constitution
that neither the United States nor any State
should assume or pay any debt or obligation
incurred in aid of the rebellion they had waged.
And, lastly, they were made to consent that
the right of their former slaves to vote should
not be denied or abridged.
Mr. President, I have thus stated the case
of those who went into the rebellion as I sup-
pose they look at it. Looking at the complete
miscarriage of their mad effort and the con-
ditions imposed on them, I repeat, no one ought
to be surprised at manifestations of impatience
at this struggling against results. Let me not
be misunderstood. I do not say that these
conditions were not all necessary, that they
ought not to have been imposed. I believe
they were necessary and just. From the loyal
stand-point there was nothing unreasonable in
them. It was the very smallest penalty we
could inflict upon their treason. More, much
more, might with propriety have been done in
the punishment of the ringleaders. I think it
is the judgment of the country that there was
too much sentiment in sparing them and their
property. But I am for the moment looking
atthe question from the stand-point ofthe other
side. I am trying to consider the matter as
they are likely to do. I am not apologizing
for them, least of all excusing these outbreaks
of which we hear so much. I refer to them
and have indulged in this survey of the past
for the sole purpose of considering what is the
duty of Congress.
When the rebels laid down their arms, two
courses were open to them. They could leave
the country or remain. If they chose to remain
they had no right to complain of the terms
imposed. I am happy to believe that thegreater
portion have accepted the situation. That they
have not all done so is painfully evident in the
facts which come to us every day. To these
facts I wish now briefly to allude. Before doing
so I observe that whatever palliation there may
have been in the past for these outrages upon
their former enemies, or because of political
differences, or because of their exclusion from
representation in Congress, these pretexts are
removed in the restoration of every insurrec-
tionary State to the Unioit. In accepting the
amendments of the Constitution proposed, they
accepted all the results, and chiefly this: the
equality of all men before the law, without
reference to color, race, or previous condition.
Every State which was in rebellion has accepted
these results. Their citizens are bound by
them. Sufficient time has elapsed for the pas-
sions to have cooled. He who does not now
faithfully accept and conform to them is an
enemy of society. He who now would seek
to deprive any man of his perfect freedom to
express his choice at the ballot-box, by vio-
lence or intimidation, should be brought to cer-
tain punishment, sufficiently severe to check,
and check forever, this alarming evil.
Sir, the President has informed Congress
that a condition of affairs now exists in some
of the States of the Union rendering life and
property insecure and the carrying of the mails
and the collection of the revenue dangerous.
He has expressed the opinion that the power
to correct these evils is beyond the control of
the State authorities. He urgently recom-
mends sueh legislation as, in the judgment
of Congress, shall effectually secure life, lib-
erty, and property in all parts of the United
States. The President has given this inform-
ation and made this recommendation under
the solemn injunction of the Constitution.
We are not at liberty, if faithful to our duty,
to ignore the facts and reject the recommend-
ation. What duty should commend itself to
legislators more than that of protecting life, lib-
erty, and property? These are the great inter-
ests which are in peril. It is these primary,
fundamental rights which we are invited to
secure. With all the legislation of Congress
before him, the President confesses that he is
not clear that the power of the Executive of
the United States, acting within its limits, is
sufficient for present emergencies.
The condition of affairs to which this com-
munication relates is spread before the Senate
in the report made by a committee of this
body on the 10th of March. That report, in
its four hundred and twenty-three pages, gives
a frightful picture of the condition of society
in a single State. It establishes the following
propositions:
1. That the Ku Klux organization does exist,
has a political purpose, is composed of mem-
bers of the Democratic or Conservative party,
has sought to carry out its purpose by murders,
whippings, intimidations, and violence against
its opponents.
2. That it not only binds its members to
carry out decrees of crime, but protects them
against conviction and punishment: first, by
disguises and secrecy; secondly, by perjury, if
necessary, upon the witness-stand and in the
jury-box.
3. That of all the offenders against the law
in this Ku Klux order, to be numbered by
hundreds if not thousands, in the single State
of North Carolina, not one has yet been con-
victed in the whole State.
That is the conclusion to which the com-
mittee come, five out of seven, and the con-
clusion seems to be fully warranted by the
testimony. The minority, who have given
their views, do not deny the existence of the
order, the oath which binds it, or the crimes
committed by it. To their honor, they dis-
avow all sympathy with its objects.
The existence of this formidable organiza-
tion, then, is proved to be a reality. It is no
longer a matter of mere assertion, depending
upon many-voiced rumor. We are no more
to be told of the unreliability of newspaper
reports when we charge its existence. How
often has it been said to be a myth. How often
has the country been told that the reports with
which the newspapers teemed of outrages in
the South upon the Eepublicans was a cunning
scheme, devised for political effect; that no
such organization existed in fact; or, if it did,
that it was confined to a few localities and had
no countenance from the better class. It was
stoutly denied that justice could not be admin-
istered by the State tribunals.
And now, sir, we have in this report, from
the mouths of fifty-two witnesses, the con-
firmation of all that was alleged. The proof
is above cavil. It proceeds from men of all
classes. Who were the witnesses examined ?
State and Federal judges, prosecuting attor-
neys, political editors, ministers of the gospel,
private citizens, both white and colored, mem-
bers of the very order itself, magistrates, con-
stables, members of the bar. Of the whole
number examined twenty-nine were members
of the Republican party and twenty-one of the
Democratic. The utmost latitude of exam-
ination was allowed. It began on the 23d of
January and terminated on the 7th of March.
I mention these facts to show that Congress
and the country may well rely upon the evi-
dence, and the conclusions at which the com-
mittee have arrived. Human testimony could
not be more satisfactory. The very men
whipped and outraged were before the com-
mittee in some instances. And here, sir, in
this report is the appalling catalogue. In
Lincoln county twenty-one cases of men
whipped, in some cases shot, in more robbed,
in several driven from home and life threatened
if they returned. In Alamance the number is
fifty-four. One was hung, another drowned,
two shot, the others whipped. In Catawba
county the number was twenty-three ; and so
of other counties in a single State.
The committee assert that the testimony
almost without exception establishes that the
outrages were perpetrated by the bands of Ku
Klux in disguise, and were inflicted upon the
members of the Republican party, both white
and colored; in some instances the fact that
they were of that party being given as the
reason of the punishment; in others, alleged
crime being the pretext; while in some, such
acts as keeping a Sunday-school for colored
children were given as a sufficient reason. But,
indeed, sir, we need only refer to the oath of
these conspirators to learn the purpose of the
order. I send this oath to the Clerk and
request him to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"You solemnly swear in the presence of Almighty
God that you will never reveal the name of tho per-
son who initiated you; and that you will never reveal
what is now about to come to your knowledge j and
that you are not now a member of the Red String:
Order, Union League, Heroes of America, Grand
Army of the Republic, or any other organization
whoso aim and intention is to destroy tho rights of
tho South, or of the States, or of the peoplo, or to
elevate tho negro to a political equality with your-
self; and that you are opposed to all such principles.
So help you God.
"You further swear before Almighty God that you
will be true to the principles of this brotherhood
and the members thereof; and that you will never
reveal any of the secrets, orders, acts, or edicts, and
that you will never make known to any person not
a known member of this brotherhood that you are a
member yourself, or who are members; and that you
will never assist in initiating, or allow to bo initi-
ated, if you can prevent it, any one belonging to the
Red String Order, Union League, Ileroes of America,
Grand Army of the Republic, or any one holding
Radical views or opinions; and should any member
of this brotherhood or their families be in danger, you
will inform them of their danger, and, if necessary,
will go to their assistance; and that you will oppose
all Radicals and negroes in all of their political de-
signs; and that should any Radical or negro impose
on. abuse, orinjureany member of this brotherhood,
you will assist in punishing him in any manner the
camp may direct.
"You further swear that you will obey all calls
and summonses of the chief of your camp or brother-
hood, should it be in your power so to do.
"Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
never give tho word of distress unless you are m
great need of assistance; and should you hear it
given by any brother, you will go to his or their
assistance; and should any member reveal any ot
the secrets, acts, orders, or edicts of the brotherhood,
you will assist m punishing him in any way the
camp may direct or approve of. So help you trod.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the minority
do not deny that such was and is the oath.
By its very terms you will observe that no one
who held Radical views or opinions, or was in
favor of elevating the negro to political equality,
could be a member. It binds the members of
the brotherhood to inform each other of danger
to themselves or families, and to go to their
assistance ; to oppose Radicals and negroes in
all of their political designs. You will observe
that the oatfi binds them to assist in punishing
any Radical or negro who should impose on a
member, or abuse or injure him, in any man-
ner the camp might direct. It binds the mem-
bers to obey all calls and summonses of the
chief of the camp or brotherhood; to obey all
calls of distress and render assistance ; and,
chief of all, the oath requires the members to
execute the decree of the camp.
This oath could not be taken by a Repub-
lican. No Republican was ever known to be
a member. The majority of the committee
assert this; the minority do not controvert it.
It results, therefore, that this brotherhood, this
Ku Kluj^Klan, is composed wholly and exclu-
sively of Democrats or Conservatives, which,
I suppose, means the same thing. This order,
