266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Barry.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
fight fire with fire; we will repel force by
force. W 3 can make that southern country as
hot for the "secesh" as they can make it for us.
' We deprecate this opening of the contest upon
this tremendous scale, but we will not be shot
down without resistance. It is the last pound
that breaks the camel's back. Our assailants
will find that shooting and killing can be done
by others as well as themselves. The ease is
becoming alarming. Fifty thousand loyal lives
have been taken since the war in various parts
of the South. The Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stev-enson,] late Governor of that State,
in his speech in the Senate, claimed for Ken-
tucky an exemption from Ku Klux outrages,
except on a limited scale. But even the Louis-
ville Courier-Journal opens a fire in his rear,
utterly demolishing his case. The Frankfort
Commonwealth gives a list of one hundred and
fifteen brutal outrages in Kentucky alone,
cases selected from a great mass of reported
cases as being beyond question reliable. Four
counties in North Carolina present a still
larger record, while it is probable that the
congressional committee has not been able to
ascertain one half the number of real cases.
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
all hare their bloody record; The point is
reached at which we must decide whether we
will be murdered in cold blood or whether we
will resist. Honorable and high-spirited men
cannot long hesitate in such a crisis.
And now, sir, in this connection I desire to
refer to the unfounded charges that have been
made upon this floor and in many northern
newspapers against Governor Alcorn. He has
been denounced as recreant to the Republican
party, and also to his official obligations, for
acting upon convictions such as X have just
uttered. In order that he may have the priv-
ilege of stating his own case to this House and
to the country, 1 beg the Clerk to read his
telegram, addressed to the Mississippi delega-
tion in Congress, and dated April 2.
The Clerk road as follows:
Jackson, April 2.
Gentmmkn; Lost tho Government should be led
a tray by the reckless statements published in north-
ern nowspapors on tho infoimation of irresponsible
parties, and by other misrepresentations, 1 feet it my
duty as Governor of this State to bring under your
knowledge tlie following facts: I have beforo me the
official returns, furnished by the auditor of public
accounts, of thoiiKiuest claims presented and allowod
in Mississippi for tho last two yoars.
For twelve months of military government, end-
ing March, 1870, they numlier sixty-two. For twelve
months ofcivil government, onding March, 1871, thoy
number precisely the same as tho whole year, then
including the transition in the popular mind from
foreo to law. Tho civil power has been fully as suc-
cessful its tho bayonot in protecting life. In tho last
six months of each of the two yeara under compari-
son the number of murders thus shown was as fol-
lows: undermilitary Kovernnent, forty-ono, whereas
tho number under civil government, was but nine-
teen. Whilo we thus seo the military rulo go on in
an increase of crime, which points to tlib presump-
tion that it would lead to anarchy, we seo the civil
rule go on in a decrease of crime, which points to the
presumption that if, will lead to absolute repose. I
speak for only my own State.
J. L. ALCORN,
Governor of Miut/ieaippi.
Hon. A. Ames, United Slates Senate, and Hons. G.
E Habris, J. L. Mounns, II. Vf. Barry, U. 0.
McK.EE, and L. W. Perce.
Mr. BARRY. Governor Alcorn shows from
thi3 records of the auditor of public accounts
that under the civil administration violence
is decreasing, the number of murders in six
months being less than one half what they were
under a corresponding period of military rule.
I am fully satisfied that if Governor Alcorn
does his duty in good faith he both can and
will put down the incipient rebellion in a way
in which military rule never could reach it.
Of his intention and capacity to meet his obli-
gations I see nothing in the facts hitherto devel-
oped to suggest any reasonable doubt. The
charge of Johnsonizing, of going over to the
rebel camp, of winking at violations of the
law in order to ingratiate the Ku Klux party,
is an uncharitable suspicion, sustained by no
facts that have yet been alleged. A recent
visit to Mississippi and an interview with mem-
bers of the Legislature generally have revealed
to me a systematic effort on the part of a num-
ber of individuals to write down Governor
Alcorn in anonymous communications to the
northern press and to the Senator from Missis-
sippi. I am satisfied that these men are polit-
ical adventurers who have either sold them-
selves for their present positions or who have
failed to get others which they desire. I know
them; they were Governor Alcorn's warmest
supporters until they found they could not use
him.
The Meridian riot has been alluded to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botleb]
in a manner that does gross injustice, slurring
over important facts. The fact that the judi-
cial investigation failed to detect the guilty
parties does not bear the construction the gen-
tleman placed upon it. The author of the
Nathan murder in New York has not yet been
discovared, although the most powerful stimu-
lants that money or professional <idai can give
have been brought to bear upon the detective
police of the country, yet no suspicion of cor-
rupt connivance with that outrage rests upon
the authorities of New York, though their rep-
utation is far from immaculate. There were
riots in Louisiana and Tennessee under Repub-
lican Governors far more extensive and de-
structive than the Meridian riot, the authors
of which were never detected and punished,
yet no one questioned the official integrity or
the political soundness of those Governors or
suspected in them any disposition to Johnson-
ize. ^ I contend that the gentleman's charges
and insinuations against Governor Alcorn are
grossly unfair and utterly unsustained by the
tacts.
Sir, Governor Alcorn has been unjustly as-
sailed. His Republicanism is above suspicion.
He never acted with the Democratic party, in
which corrupt school the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts who assails him received his polit-
ical education. It is unfair to judge his acts
without understanding the situation and the
motives under which he acted. What would
be proper to be done in Massachusetts might
not be proper in Mississippi. It must be con-
fessed that the most judicious measures have
not always been taken by the local authorities.
Difficulties of this kind, however, are not to
be all got over in asingle year's administration.
The sheriff of one county, without any impos-
ing demonstrations, by a wise and firm admin-
istration, was enabled to put an end to the out-
rages that had been rife prior to his assump-
tion of the office. It could not be expected",
however, that all of Governor Alcorn's subor-
dinates would be of equal ability. The attempt
to chargc upon him the failures of the latter is
manifestly unfair and unjust. While I may not
be able to indorse every act of his administra-
tion, I am satisfied that its general spirit and
intentions are above suspicion. If the other
Governors of States afflicted with Kukluxism
were as well disposed or as able to carry out
measures for the protection of southern loyal-
ists, I should think the bill now pending entirely
unnecessary. But to meet this contingency I
shall vote for the bill. If the State authorities
do their duty it will be inoperative; if not, the
loyal people of the South have an ultimate
refuge in the strong arm of the national Gov-
ernment.
And now, sir, I desire to say a few words in
defense of the policy and acts of the southern
Republicans. At every step in the effort to
crush the rebellion the Democracy have raised
the unmeaning cry of "unconstitutional!"
They have done their level best to deprive that
word of all meaning. James Buchauan fouud
the Constitution a mere rope of sand, unable
to protect itself against the rebellious acts of
State governments. That is, an unlawful com-
bination of bad men may sanctify the crime
of treason against the General Government by
the other crime of perverting the functions of
the State government in such a way as to bring
it into collision with the national authority.
But these lawyers' superstitions were destined
to be exploded. The Constitution of the United
States, acting directly upon individuals, gives
the power of punishing its infractions even
though covered by the pretended sanction of
State authority. It was settled that all State
action in collision with the national Govern-
ment was itself null and void, and that by such
action those State governments committed
political suicide. This principle of interpreta-
tion of the Constitution the American people
have definitely settled beyond cavil.
Among the special constitutional objections
raised against the measures of the Administra-
tion during the war was the employment of
colored troops. However opposed to existing
prejudices, this measure was forced upon the
Government by imperious necessity. It was
astonishing how soon those prejudices van-
ished. The right of a colored soldier of the
United States to shoot down a white rebel was
at first a little too much for even some of our
Union generals, who still felt under constitu-
tional obligations to surrender fugitive slaves
to rebel masters. But all their unfounded
prejudices gradually gave way, and the colored
man was recognized as worthy to bear the
arms and wear the colors of the Republic.
Many drafted Democrats who had been loud
in denouncing the policy of colored troops were
very glad to furnish substitutes from this de-
spised race. Our constitutional lawyers soon
found a construction that would cover this
innovation also. Our antiquarians found that
we were merely reviving what had been prac-
ticed by the Government of this Republic from
the commencement of its career.
The first blood of the American Revolution
was that of the negro Attucks, in State street,
Boston, on the 15th of March, 1770. A black
soldier at Bunker Hill shot the British Major
Pitcairn, who had fired ou the militia at Lex-
ington a few days before. The regiments from
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut,
marching through Philadelphia to attack Corn-
wallis, were observed to have each a company or
two of colored soldiers. Charles Pinckney, of
South Carolina, in his speech upon the admis-
sion of Missouri, stated that in the Revolution
the southern States had made a still more free
use of colored soldiers than the northern States.
General Jackson, in the war of 1812, appealed
to the colored men of the South to unite with
their "white fellow-citizens" in repelling the
foreign enemy. It is certain that a colored bat-
talion, under the command of Colonel Daquin,
participated in the defense of New Orleans.
In spite of all these precedents, however, the
employment of colored troops was pronounced
unconstitutional and illegal. The cry became
so persistent and nauseating as to defeat its
demagogue purpose. Sir, the colored soldiers
pf the Republic nobly met their responsibil-
ities. Their record has passed into history.
As one of the first officers that aspired to a
command iu a colored regiment, I glory iu their
achievements. When the foolish and wicked
prejudices of the present hour shall have passed
away the men of the future will wonder at their
absurdity, just as we now wonder at the witch-
burning fauaticism of the days of Cotton Mather.
But true democratic civilization is progress-
ive. The stratification of Americau society
into castes was destined to be obliterated. The
colored man having won the right to bear arms
for the Republic, his claim to the elective fran-
chise was but a logical sequence. By placing
his life in jeopardy for the salvation of the
Government he had vindicated his right to its
highestprivilegi's uf citizenship. But if it was
