1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
269
42d Cong.... 1st Bess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Sloss.
Ho. of Reps.
great part of their State unsafe for travelers. They
aave made two cowardly midnight attempts to
throw trains off the track of railroads whose man-
agers will not yield to their demands and threats.
This spirit of fiendishness may result, if not cheeked,
in theslaughter of car-loads of innocent people; not
one man, but dozens may be blown to atoms by the
union Guy Fawkeses should any considerable num-
ber of the miners dare to say their souls and their
pickaxes are their own, We have never approved
of the unnecessary intervention of the Federal arm
to preserve order in the several States; and we do
not recommend such a resort in the instance of Penn-
sylvania. But we do rebuke that bitter sectional
prejudice which instigates Congress to pass laws
exclusively for the repression of our outlawry at the
South, and shuts its eyes to a worse state of things
in Pennsylvania. If it is right and necessary for th e
Federal Government to crush out Ku Kluxes, it
would seem to be equally so for the same power to
put down Buckshots and Mollie Maguires. It is a
poor rule that will not work both ways—North as
well as South, in a Republican State as well as in a
Democratic. "We advise Congress, for mere consist-
ency's sake, during the continuance of these outrages
in the miningdistricts ofPennsylvania, to cease legis-
lating against the Ku Kluxes, since it will provoke
invidious comments and odious comparisons."
Surely the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] who haa been so clamorous
for the passage of this bill, and whose animus
is so bitter against the people of the South,
especially against the people of Alabama, can-
not be ignorant of affairs in his own State.
The outrages of the Ku Klux are not more
notorious to the country than those of the
miners' leagues of Pennsylvania, nor do they
cry less loudly for redress. Can it be possi-
ble that the honorable gentleman, in personal
resentment for a well-deserved humiliation in
Mobile, when inciting ignorant and excitable
negroes to violence, would wreak his venge-
ance on a whole people?
Let me state here Mr. Speaker, that I repre-
sent in this Congress a district of the State of
Alabama composed of eleven populous coun-
ties ; that in the recent political campaign in
that State I traversed twenty-five counties of
the State, including the eleven of my own dis-
trict, and I can bear testimony from personal,
intimate acquaintance with the people of those
twenty-five counties, that there is not in any
State a more peaceable, orderly, sober, indus-
trious, virtuous, law-abiding body of citizens.
Public discussion was had at the towns and
court houses of the different counties and the
free expression of political opinion indulged
in. There was no disturbance nor any attempt
to interrupt the fullest expression of senti-
ment, notwithstanding the fact that the Rad-
ical speakers were extremely bitter. I met
everywhere northern men who have settled
among us; I met everywhere citizens of Ala-
bama who were loyal to the Union, and who
fought in the Federal Army, and I have yet to
hear of a single instance in that district where
either one or the other has been molested or
interfered with in the exercise of any of his
rights. More than this—I speak now from
personal knowledge—I have not known a case
of alleged outrage committed in the State,
when, upon investigation, it was found to have
originated either in party or sectional feeling.
In nearly every instance of outrage the person
who suffered had invited the punishment by
some violation of law or by some act of .per-
sonal mendacity.
The people of the South have accepted the
situation in good faith. The officers and sol-
diers of the confederate army, upon its sur-
render, returned to the peaceful pursuits of
life, and there is scarcely an instance of a vio-
lated parole. They have given a faithful and
prompt obedience to the laws. They have
taken little interest or part in politics, and
have sought only to be let alone. Certain
inevitable results of the war have been and
should be considered as facts accomplished.
The abolition of slavery, universal suffrage, as
respects the negro race, and the late amend-
ments to the Federal Constitution, these are
facts accomplished which the South and the
Democratic party there have no wish or desire
to disturb. It is idle to remonstrate against
what is now the mere history of things trans-
pired. We have accepted it, and go not back
into the dead past.
The peace and law and order which prevails
in Alabama to-day will compare favorably with
that of other States; and for this condition of
things we are indebted to the Democratic party.
There are many counties in that State where
there is not a single Radical in office. Where
ever that is the case the county is out of debt,
peace and harmony reign supreme, and the
negroes generally are peaceable and quiet and
are disposed to work faithfully. The citizens
are peaceable and disposed to obey the laws.
The counties controlled by Radical officers
cannot show such a record. A year ago affairs
in that State did not show such a flattering
aspect. The Radical State government had
disturbed every element of society. The peo-
ple were burdened with an unjust debt and
felt no security in the laws or their faithful
execution. The government was inaugurated
in fraud and conducted on a system of plun-
der. Northern adventurers held nearly every
place of profit, and the administration, from
the Governor to the lowest official, was one
of reckless extravagance and utter financial
profligacy. When dismissed by the people at
the ballot-box from a position he so unworthily
filled, the Governor sought by an unwarrant-
able and illegal usurpation to retain his power.
Though countenanced by the Administration
at Washington, - this coup d'€tat was a fail-
ure, and with an ill grace he retired from the
gubernatorial chair and from the State. As
an evidence of his thrift he went into office pay-
ing taxes upon an estate valued at $1,500.
At the expiration of his official term of two
years he becomes a denizen of a palatial hotel
in New York, steeped in luxury, and counting
his fortune by the many thousands. It may be
said in all respect that he acted not without a
worthy precedent. Relieved from the incubus
of Governor Smith and the parasites who fat-
tened upon the public treasury, the State is
fast resuming its wonted prosperity, the majesty
of the law is vindicated, commerce and agricul-
ture have received a fresh impetus, and peace
and tranquillity have returned once more to
bless the people.
In testimony and in corroboration of the
statements that I have here made of the pres-
ent condition of affairs in Alabama, I read an
extract from a letter addressed to me by Hon.
Richard Busteed, judge of the United States
district court of Alabama, himself a distin-
guished member of the Republican party, and
dated March 29, 1871. He writes ;
" I am persuaded of the ability and inclination of
the present Executive of Alabama, Hon. II. B. Lind-
say, to maintain and enforce the laws of the State
passed for the protection of persons and property,
entirely unaided by United States troops. The pres-
ent state of affairs in this respect furnishes a strik-
ing and most commendable contrast to that which
existed while William H. Smith was the occupant of
the gubernatorial chair. There is to-day a convic-
tion in the public mind of Alabama that her Gov-
ernor will make her laws a terror to evil-doers and
a praise to them that do well."
This is testimony worthy of consideration,
froma high Federal official, whose duties cause
him to visit different sections of the State, and
who is thus brought in contact with the people
through the attorneys, litigants, jurors, and
witnesses at the several holdings of his court.
Let me read to you what the Governor of Ala-
bama himself has to say on this subject, in a
private letter written to me in March, and with
no view to its publication or its use by me on
this occasion:
" It is unnecessary for me to say I deeply regret
that a small and otherwise insignificant band of
political malcontents should have the power and
influence to prolong unnatural and uuhappy antag-
onisms between the State of Alabama and any of the
departments of the Federal Government. I had
sincerely and earnestly hoped that we had arrived
at a period in our history when the asperities and
irritations of the past were rapidly yielding to a more
kindly spirit, to that spirit of friendship and con-
cord which should bind closely together the citizens
of all sections of theUnion and which is so essential
to the material prosperity and social welfare of the
whole nation. I still trust that the malignant and
unpatriotic purposes of tho enemies of our State and
revilers of our people will not only be thwarted, but
will receive a rebuke from Congress which will end
them forever. I cannot believe that the great Gov-
ernment of the United States will be diverted from
its high and sacred duties to achieve a petty revenge
for a few restless and bad men in Alabama, men who
have the esteem of no race, the confidence of no polit-
ical party."
" The charge that a Ku Klux organization con-
trolled or interfered with the State ei ection in No-
vember last is destitute of the least semblance of
truth. I hazard the opinion that in no State in
the Union, and at no time from the origin of the
Government to tho present time, has there ever been
an election where a political party recognized in
a more eminent degree tho freedom and purity of
the ballot-box than did tho Democratic party of
Alabama on the 8th da,y of November, 1870. The
very fact that William H. Smith received in the
Stato more votes than General Grant received for
the Presidency is suggestive of one of two thing*.—
either that the charge referred to is false, or that
the Ku Klux Klan was impotent to accomplish
its designs. The^truth is, tho men whoasseittho
existence of a Ku Klux organization in the State
of Alabama are themselves witnesses of their own
fiction; for it does seem to me that the terrible * diab-
olism ' of tho Klan, if it existed, would select its
victims from among those whoso eagerly labor for
its overthrow. Yet, I ask, which one ot those who
so bitterly arraign and denounce it has ever been
subjected to its scourge? No.no; the Ku Klux
organization has long since ceased to exist in tho
State of Alabama. That there was at one time such
an organization in the State is generally conceded,
but that it was disbanded at least eighteen months
ago there is as little doubt.
"Two years ago last fall I saw four or five horse-
men in disguise passing the Franklin House of Tus-
cumbia. Never before nor since have I seen any of
them. That men have occasionally disguised them-
selves in order to perpetrate crime with impunity, or
to wreak personal revenge, there is every reason to
believe; but that there has been anysuch combina-
tions or conspiracies for political purposes I can posi-
tively and unequivocally deny without the fear of
successful contravention. There is no desire nor dis-
position on the part ot the people or any portion of
the people of Alabama to use violence or to exert
unfair influences in controlling elections. Nowhere
are men of all races and colors in fuller enjoyment
of the free exercise of the political franchise.
" Bat it is said the Union men are in danger. This
is utterly untrue; it is not respectable nonsense, as
you are well advised. Why, two weeks ago I sent
to the State senate three names for confirmation as
brigadier generals of theState militia, one of these
an ex-officer of volunteers in the Federal Army, and
his nomination was commended by leading Demo-
crats. Union men, I carenot whence they come, are
as safe in Alabama as tho most ardent secessionist.
Villainyis the only sourceof danger to either. Poli-
tics entail no peril."
Mr. Speaker, i could multiply this testimony
from equally respectable sources without limit.
To controvert it we have only from the other
side of the House anonymous letters and irre-
sponsible newspaper paragraphs, unworthy
even of the serious consideration of Congress.
Added to these are the misrepresentations
and baseless falsehoods to which i have before
alluded. Upon such grounds you seek to pass
this bill to fasten upon a people to-day as true
and law-abiding as any of you around me the
chains of a slavery worse thau that which
bound the African ; to crush out the hopes and
hearts of a people, loving liberty as their fore-
fathers loved it, beneath a despotism more cruel
than that of the Russian Czar.
The passage of this bill may accomplish the
ends for which it has been devised, the con-
tinuance of the Radical party m power; but
it strikes a blow at the liberties of the people
of all the States from which the Republic
will reel and stagger to its death.
Ever since the surrender at Appomattox i
have been impressed, sir, with the idea that
if reconstruction had been left to a convention
of the gallant soldiers of both armies which so
long confronted each other, and in whose terri-
ble conflicts, whatever may have been thought
of the merits of each cause, they had learned
to respect high courage and true devotion, the
country would now have been united in peace
and -harmony; and the southern soldier yet
looks in confidence to the true soldier of the
