1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. STEWART. Perhaps we can dispose
of this resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, you cannot, and I
want an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield to the Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. STEWART. I prefer that we should
go on with this matter to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot make it go
on unless you want to .make a speech your-
self, and you do not wish to do that now I
believe.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. To-morrow is to be occu-
pied with a speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Hill] has risen. Does he wish
to speak on the question?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada yield?
Mr. STEWART. I yield to the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. I do not wish to speak now. I
merely rose to suggest to the Senator from
Nevada that I do not think he will make
a great deal of progress this afternoon with
this question. There will be a good deal of
debate upon it to-morrow, or whenever it is
taken up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire,
as a matter of parliamentary proceeding for
my future guidance, whether a Senator who
has the floor can yield it around to everybody
at his pleasure for the purpose of making
speeches and so as to prevent other gentle-
men getting the floor to move other busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont knows the answer to the question,
but the Chair will repeat it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just what I wish
the Chair to do, to repeat it, so that we may
understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada is on the floor. He has the right to
continue in the occupancy of the floor for the
purpose of speaking on this question if he
desires to do so. He can yield to the Senator
or to any other Senator to make a motion to
adjourn or to proceed to the consideration of
executive business without losing his right to
the floor; but he cannot yield for debate with-
out losing that right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am glad the Chair has
stated it.
Mr. STEWART. I will yield in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not ask my friend
to yield if he wishes to speak.
Mr. STEWART. No, I do not want to go
into a discussion now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought you did not.
I thought you preferred not to speak until the
other debate had gone on.
Mr. STEWART. I would rather the other
debate should go on, and I will yield in a
moment to the Senator's motion, but I must
express the hope that we shall continue this
matter before the Senate now until we reach
a vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There can be no vote
to-day ; there are half a dozen speeches to be
made upon it; and it is important that we
should have an executive session.
Mr. STEWART. I yield the floor for that
motion if the Senator wishes to make it.
EXECUTIVE SESSIOJf.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the cnosideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after two
hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened ; and (at five o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 6, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BRIff MIOIIAEL ANNA.
Mr. McINTYRE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill (H. R. No. 213) to authorize the issuing
of a certificate of registry to the brig Michael
Anna was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and that the bill be now put upon its
passage.
There being no objection, the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Commerce was
reconsidered, and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a certificate of registry to
the brig Michael Anna, the property of F. B.
Marshall & Brother, of the city of Savan-
nah and State of Georgia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McINTYRE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lake taiioe.
Mr. KENDALL, by unanimous consont,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 331) to inquire
what legislation is necessary to prevent damage
to public lands of the United States by the
diversion of the waters of Lake Tahoe by a
corporation authorized under the laws of the
State of California ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. KENDALL. I desire to say that in the
absence of any Representatives on this floor
from the State of California I have conferred
with the Senators of that State, who are gen-
tlemen of distinguished ability, and we have
agreed that the reference of this bill shall be
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I move
that it be so referred.
There being no objection, the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
public building at charleston.
Mr. HEREFORD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 332) to provide
for the erection of a building, suitable for use
as a post office, United States court, custom-
house, and other Government purposes, at
Charleston, West Virginia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
brig a. l. palmer.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 330) to issue an
American register to the brig A. L. Palmer ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill be now put upon its passage. The
Committee on Commerce of last Congress
agreed toreport it, butno opportunity occurred
ot' making a report. I shall be glad if the
House shall now consent to pass the bill.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue an American register
to the British-built brig A. L. Palmer, wrecked,
and rebuilt by American citizens.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury in reference to this
brig be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection. The letter is as
follows :
Tkeasuky Department, Jmie 27,1S70.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this day's date, respecting the peti-
tion of the owners of the British brig A. L. Palmer
for an American register.
You are respectfully referred to my letter to you
of the 25th instant, which contains ail the facts
known to the Department.
The only obstacle to the granting the American
register as requested in this ease is the fact that the
wreck did not happen "within the waters of the
United States," although within twenty miles of the
coast of Cape Cod. and hence the petition ie ono
which addresses itself to the consideration of Con-
gress, and if granted it will be the pleasure of this
Department to carry the act into instant effect.
With great respect,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. I). S. Bennett, Committee on Qjfmneree, House
of Jiepresentatives.
The bill was ordered to be -engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. M. S. MORSE.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief
of Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix and
widow of Isaac E. Morse, deceased ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 334) for
the relief of Norman Wiard ; which was read
a first and second time, and, with an accom-
panying memorial, referred to the Committee
of Claims.
REIMBURSEMENT TO MILWAUKEE.
Mr. MITCHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 335) to repay the
city of Milwaukee certain moneys advanced for
the construction of the new harbor ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDING, BROOKLYN, NEW YORK.
Mr. KINSELLA, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 336) to provide
for the erection of a building suitable for use
as a post office and United States court for the
accommodation of the United States internal
revenue officials and other Government pur-
poses at Brooklyn, New York ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
IIARliOR AT BUIFALO.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a joint resolution
for the renewal of the contract for improve-
ment of the harbor at Buffalo.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution was read. It recites in
the preamble that there was a contract entered
into between Major General Cram, United
States corps of Engineers, for and in behalf
of the United States, and certain parties men-
tioned in the contract, on the 20th day of
January, 1808, for the furnishing of labor and
material for improving the harbor at Buffalo ;
that the contract prices for labor and material
have advanced at each reletting, and it would
be for the interest of the Government of the
United States to have the original contract for
such work extended or renewed; thatthework
would be more expeditiously performed by the
renewal or extension of this contract than by
annual relettings, as these have always delayed
the work, and generally at the most favorable
portion of the working season. Thejointreso-
lution authorizes the Secretary of War, when
in his judgment he thinks it will be for the
interest of the United States, to extend or
continue the contract for the improvement of
the harbor at Buffalo, made and entered inta
upon the 20th of January, 18(i8.
Mr. SAWYER. I must object to action on
this resolution at the present time.
