270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6;
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Havens.
42d Cons 1st Sess.
North for protection against the unrighteous'
and unconstitutional legislation of a faction
bent only on his destruction and the ruin of
the country.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. H. E. HAVENS,
or MISSOURI,
In the House op Representatives,
April 6, 1871,
On the bill (H. 11. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of tho fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. HAVENS. Mr. Speaker, the evil we
seek to cure by the passage of this bill ema-
nates from no transient causes and is no dan-
ger of momentary existence or trifling import.
And we shall deceive ourselves and fail in our
duty if we treat it as a mere outbreak of tem-
porary passion, to pass away when hot blood
has cooled and reason had time to regain
ascendency. This is a deliberately-planned,
cold-blooded conspiracy, designed to affect the
future control of the Government and ulti-
mately to destroy some of the most essential
and beneficent features of the Constitution. It
is the same old enemy with which wc have
been contending for the last ten years, renew-
ing its warfare upon a new and more dangerous
plan of attack, in the desperate hope of defeat-
ing the logical consequences of its overthrow
upon the tield of arms to which it appealed.
We cannot shut our eyes to the paiufal facts
before us. The evidence is indisputable. The
existence of a secret, oath-bound organization,
composed exclusively of Democrats who par-
ticipated in the rebellion, the members whereof
are sworn to violent hostility to the Repub-
lican party and to protect each other in crimes
committed against the individual members of
it by false testimony in the courts and corrupt
verdicts as jurymen, is established beyond con-
tradiction. It is a political organization, and
its purposes are the accomplishment of polit-
ical ends by whipping and scourging negroes
into the support' of the Democratic party.
Here in this volume of six hundred pages is
the testimony of scores of witnesses, many of
them prominent Democrats, who have sworn
that these things are true, while the details of
the numerous crimes committed under its
direction are revolting to humanity and dis-
graceful to the civilization of the age. The
barbarisms of the Indian tribes on our western
frontier scarcely surpass in fiendish malignity
the heartless cruelties practiced upon the un-
offending negroes of the South. But those
who vote the Democratic ticket are not mo-
lested, and security can be purchased byyield-
ing allegiance to that party and obeying the
mandates of its leaders.
And, sir, this organization is rapidly spread-
ing itself wherever the rebellion prevailed, and
is gathering in all its available forces for the
diabolical work it has undertaken. Already
the ciies of its victims are borne to us upon
every breeze that comes from the South. Hun-
dreds have been murdered in cold blood at
midnight, and thousands more have been sub-
jected to all the indignities that heartless vil-
lains could invent for the persecution of un-
offending and defenseless citizens. Officers
of the Government, in the honest discharge of
their duties, have been the recipients of these
cruelties, and forced, under threats of death,
to abandon their homes and families, leaving
the public revenues to go uncollected, the
national interests without a guardian, and a
brutal mob to gloat over a petty triumph of hate
toward the Government.
The monstrous character of this so-called
Ku Klux Klan is shown by the testimony of
numerous witnesses examined before the invest-
igating committee of the Senate. From the
statements of one of them I quote the follow-
ing:
"Question. Upon the oath administered, the mode
of procedure prescribed, and the government of tlxe
organization, so far as you have observed, are the
members bound to carry out the decrees of the
order if they involve murder and assassination ?
"Answer. X think so, sir. If it was deoided to
take the life of a man, a camp is ordered to execute
the sentence, and is bound to do it."
* 4*. * * # * *
" Question. If any arrests should be made by the
civil authorities for murders or other crimes com-
mitted in pursuance of the decrees of a camp, to
what extent did the obligations of members bind
them to assist and protect each other?
"Answer. To whatever extent was in their power.
* Question. Did it go to the extent of giving tes-
timony in behalf of each other or of acquitting if
upon a jury ?
"Answer. I think that was one of the objects and
intentions of the organization, that a person on the
witness-stand, or in the jury-box, should disregard
his oath in order to protect a member of the organ-
ization.". * * # * ****•
"Question. Having stated in general terms the
objects of this organization to be the overthrow of the
reconstruction policy and the disfranchisement of
the negro, state now by what means these objects
were proposed to bo accomplished.
"Answer. Well, I think the contemplation was
almost any means that were neces3ary to secure the
supremacy of the party opposed to the recent
amendments to the Constitution; if it was neces-
sary to whip a man to break down his influence
against us, they would do it; if necessary to kill
him. they would do that.
"Question. What extent of means was to be used
to influence elections?
"Answer. Wo can only judgo of that by the man-
ner in which tho organization has operated to influ-
ence eloctions, by riding around in the night-time
disguised to the houses of poor white men and ne-
groes, and informing them that, if they went to the
electiou, such and such would be their fate—pro-
ceedings of that kind; and by whipping, and at the
same time informing them that a part, at least, of
their offense was having voted the Republican
ticket." ********
" Question. In speaking about the punishing of
men on these raids in the first part of your testi-
mony what do you mean ?
"Answer. Whatever punishment was passed upon
in the camp.
"Question. For what were they punished?
"Answer. I do not know; just whatever they saw
proper, If thoy thought the man ought to be killed
for being too prominent in politics they would have
a meeting ana pass sentence upon him. I have no
doubt in my own mind (though I have no informa-
tion trom othors that such was tho case) but what
Outlaw was killed in order to break up tho organ-
ization of the colored voters in my own county, or
1'righton them away from voting."
* * * $ # a * * * *
"Question. Were there any whippings in tho
oounty?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I believe there were one hun-
dred or one hundred and fifty in the last two years
in tho county, whito and black. Some have been
whipped two or three times."
This witness was at one time a member of
this organization, though it appears that he
abandoned it without participating iu any of
its criminal acts, He is a lawyer and a Dem-
ocratic politician. The committee state that
he bears a good character in his profession
and as a citizen. His testimony is corrobo-
rated by scores of other witnesses, and stands
uncontradicted. To further show the infam-
ous character of this organization I quote
from the testimony of Thomas P. Willeford,
on page 240. This witness was persuaded by
his friends to join the organization, but becom-
ing alarmed with its dangerous tendfeneies
withdrew from it, and ceased to participate in
its crimes:
" Question. "What was its object and how did it
carry out its object?
"Answer. Well, X believe it carriod it out by all
the meanness it could. The intention of it was, so
the loading men told me, to overthrow the Repub-
lican party and put tho other party in power. That
is the way tho oaxh was administered to me."
"Question. After you had taken this oath, state
whether there was any explanation given as to what
it meant.
"Answer. Weil,it meant the overthrow of the Re-
publican party and injure it all that they could,
and have the other party come in power."
" Question, "What did thoy tell you then was the
object of the organisation?
"Answer. They told me it was to damage the Re-
publican party as much as they could—burning
stealing, whipping negroes, and such things as that.
Questton. Murder.
"Answer. The leading men it was to murder."
*' Question. State to what extent this Ku Klux Klan
was to go in breaking up what they called the Rad-
ical party.
"Answer. Well, we was to put it out of the way
some way or another, if not kill and burn, till we
got the Democrats into power.
" Question. That was the direction you had from the
Klan ?
"Ansxoer. Yes,sir; the direction that they gave me
and all the balance that was in there when f was.
"Question. Was that carried out ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I believe so; ithas the power,
any how."
Mark the fact that this testimony shows what
I have stated to be true, that this organization
is political iu its character, that its purpose is
the' disfranchisement of the negroes, the over-
throw of the amendments to the Constitution
and the reconstruction laws by any species of
bloody violence toward members ot the Repub-
lican party that it may deem necessary. And
this testimony is corroborated by numerous
other witnesses, as well as by the startling facts
that come to us daily through the ordinary
channels of information.
The details contained in this volume of the
fiendish brutality of these bands are absolutely
shocking. The following cases, mentioned in
the testimony of Thomas Settle, a judge of the
supreme court of North Carolina, are not more
brutal than hundreds of others, and much less
so than many:
" Two magistrates had issued a warrant for parties
charged with whipping an old negro man over
seventy years of age, very feeble and partially blind.
The magistrates attempted to make an investiga-
tion. Some seventy or eighty men gathered around
at the trial, and made such a disturbance that the
magistrates were very glad, as they told me, to make
a compromise to keep the man safe." * * * *
"This offense was even more shocking than the
murder. They took this old man, stripped him per-
fectly naked, and gave him some fifty stripes with
switches. Then they took his two daughters, who
were livingin the house.stripped them down to their
chemises, and whipped them. Then they took a
young negro man who was in the house that night
and whipped bim." ******
" Another instance occurred where there was some-
thing said about voting. Tho men wentinto a cabin
where there was a little deformed, humpbacked
negro by the name of Watt Richardson, and they
whipped him severely." * * * * "They
whipped this little negro, and then commenced
whippinganothernegro and his wife. Seeing them
draw some pistols, the woman began to cry out mur-
der and make a great noise. There was a large fire
burning on the hearth, and one of the men seized a
chunk of burning wood and thrust the fire-brand
down her mouth. Thoy said it was sis. weeks be-
fore thewoman recovered. The information came
to me from tho husband and other negroes. There
was one other case. They went to another house
of an old colored man named Lindsey Poindcxter."
* * * # "They fired into tho cabin of the
old colored man, as usual; tho shot struck him
in the toe,and tookoneof them off. He jumped up
and succeeded in getting away. It was dark, and he
ran off. They then went to the fire-place and pick-
ing up the contents of it, threw them into the bed,
where his wife and little children were. Tho woman
and children jumped out as quick as tbey could;
being astraw bed it caught fire, and the house and
everything in it was burned up. These were the
most aggravated offenses. A great many more were
whipped terribly; they came to me and showed their
scars."
But, sir, the outrages of these lawless bands
are not confined to negroes alone. White
Republicans in numerous instances have been
the victims of their cruel violence. The fol-
lowing is a specimen case of hundreds, illus-
trating the manner in which white men, for
daring to vote the Republican ticket, are awed
into silence and driven from their homes into
exile:
"Question. Were you visited at any time by men
in disguise? If so, state briefly at what time and
what they did.
"Anbioer. On theeveningof the 26th of November,
1869.1 preached to the colored people at their re-
quest, during a revival which they had ; there were
some noises about the window during the evening;
I wont homo; at twelve o'clock at night something
was^hrown on the roof of the house which walked
myself and wife, and then a rail came agaihjt the
door and broke the lock; in came five men ; 1 was
rising from my bed; two of them seized me by my
legs anddragged meoutofthedoor; soon twoothers
