1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
golden rule, we must do unto our neighbor ks
we would have our neighbor do unto us under
similar circumstances, stands with as much
force to-day as when uttered from the lips of
the Prince of Peace. The country demands
repose. To obtain that repose we must come
up to the standard of a just and Christian
spirit, or else the days of this Republic will
soon be numbered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to propose
an amendment to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.]
The SPEAKER. Several gentleman are
down upon the list to speak in the general
debate, and the Chair is trying to accommo-
date them. If, however, the discussion of
amendments be entered upon at this time they
will, under the rule, be cut out from general
debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Amendments should be
allowed somewhere.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think we should
have some time to debate amendments when
they are offered, and before they are acted
upon by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 stated yester-
day that I would call the previous question so
that the House might order the main question
to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the Chair rec-
ognize me ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I took the floor first.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not
upon the floor until the Chair recognizes hiin.
Mr. MERCUR. I hope this does not come
out of my time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not know the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was upon the
floor at all.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish now to
come to an understanding of what position we
are in. As I understand, yesterday the debate
ran on by sufferance, for, under the rale, but
two speeches could be made on each proposi-
tion pending before the House. I wish to insist
on that as the rule of the House from this time.
The SPEAKER. 1 f the gentleman insists on
that as the rule, the Chair will be compelled to
enforce it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman mean
to be understood that no further amendment
shall be offered to this bill?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. By no means.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to offer an amend-
ment myself, as I believe it needs it badly.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
the gentleman from Ohio, he insists that noth-
ing but amendments shall be discussed to-day.
Mr. MERCUR. How many amendments
are pending?
The SPEAKER. There is but one pending.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is upon the
floor, and can move to amend the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the rule to bind
the House until the previous question is sec-
onded?
The SPEAKER. It is, but the rule was
that amendments offered should be disposed
of as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was not the understand-
ing that any member obtaining the floor in the
ten-minutes debate should either discuss the
pending amendment or the bill generally, as he
might choose?
The SPEAKER. The understanding was
that two speeches should be allowed on each
amendment, and yesterday the debate was
allowed to run by sufferance on the bill gen-
erally.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the reading of
the rule will show that it will bear the con-
struction I have given it, so that if a gentle-
man did not wish to reply to a speech on the
pending amendment he could speak generally
to the bill, and then some other gentleman
who desired to speak to the amendment would
be entitled to the floor, so that two speeches
might be made on each amendment.
The SPEAKER. That is true, but on the
pending amendment there have been more
than twenty speeches made.
Mr. AMBLER. I wish to inquire whether
an arrangement cannot be made so that amend-
ments which gentlemen may choose to offer
may be considered as pending, no vote to be
taken on them until alter the main question
has been ordered. It seems to me by general
consent such an arrangement can be made,
and if so it will certainly be more satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. That arrangement can be
made by general consent, so that all amend-
ments offered shall be considered as pending,
to be disposed of after the previous question
has been seconded and the main question
ordered.
Mr. POTTER. We would then have no
discussion upon the amendments themselves.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That would pre-
clude the discussion of each particular amend-
ment. I think it would be better that we should
enter upon the business discussion, and eon-
line speeches to the particular amendments;
but as it may be in contravention of the unan-
imous understanding of the House I do not
insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the Journal relative to the arrange-
ment.
The Cleric read as follows :
"By unanimous consent, ordered, that general
debate upon tho said bill shall continue during to-
day and Tuesday, and that the llouse will hold an
evening session each day, commencing at seven and
a half o'clock p. m., and that, the House shall meet
a,t eleven o'clock a.m. to-morrow; that debate nnder
a ten-minutes limitation shall commcnceonWed-
nesday next, immediately after the reading of the
Journal, and shall continue until the previous ques-
tion is demanded and seconded; and that all amend-
ments shall be discussed and voted upon as in Com-
mittee of the "Whole House on the state of tho Union."
The SPEAKER. The only way in which
apparently the two arrangements can be recon-
ciled is that, when an amendment is pending,
debate shall be directed to that amendment;
but that, when the amendment has been dis-
posed of, the debate may be directed to the
merits of the bill generally. When an amend-
ment is pending, and the regular order is
insisted on, it must be disposed of. If the
gentleman from Ohio insists upon the r'egular
execution of the unanimous understanding,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Meu-
cuk] can only proceed by moving to amend the
amendment; otherwise the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabar-
ger,] on behalf of the committee, must now be
voted upon. In order to proceed, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania must move to amend
the amendment in some form.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire whether
it would not be better to let the debate pro-
ceed as it has proceeded, without requiring the
form of moving to strike out the last word.
We gain nothing by insisting on the rule in
that form. It has always been a fiction, the
amendment being merely a formal one.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is my desire to
accommodate the prosecution of this discus-
sion to the wishes of the House. I have myself
no particular inclination about it. There is a
great desire that we should come to a vote,
and in order to do that we should arrive at
some understanding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabaroer] yesterday gave notice
that he would move the previous question at
the close of this day's session, and that the
previous question having been seconded he
would rise to close debate to-morrow. This
morning he stated, at the solicitation of sev-
eral members, that he prefers to call the pre-
vious question to-day at half past two o'clock.
The Chair will submit the question to a major-
ity of the House by a viva voce vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What question? I
would like to understand precisely what we are
to vote upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
obtain an expression of what was the desire of
the House. He would be compelled to give
the floor to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] at half past two if he asked
it, but that gentleman wishes to carry out what
is the desire of the House in regard to the
understanding which was come to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And then I desire
that all amendments shall be voted upon and
disposed of.
Mr. AMBLER. That is impossible.
Mr. BINGHAM. They are not all in yet.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My desire is that
we shall aim at that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was itnottheorder
of the House that the amendments should be
discussed as in Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
is that amendments shall bo discussed and
voted on as in Committee of the Whole, and
that that process shall continue until the gen-
tleman from Ohio demauds the previous ques-
tion. Tho gentleman has given intimation that
he desires to call the previous question to-day
at half past two, and if he shall do so it will be
the duty of the Chair t.o recognize him.
Mr. AMBLER. Will this discussion con-
tinue as it has been running until the previous
question is called?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was trying to get
informally at the sense of the House whether it
is the desire of the House to have the previous
question called at half past two, or that there
shall be a longer debate. It is an informal
proceeding designed to relieve the gentleman
from Ohio of any greater responsibility than
he desires to assume.
The question being put whether it was the
desire ot the House that the previous question
should be called at half past two, there were—
ayes one hundred and eight; noes not counted.
Mr. MERCUR addressed the House in
remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, when the
debate on this bill commenced I had a very
strong inclination to speak at length upon it.
Much has been said that I should have desired
to say myself, but perhaps much better than I
could have said it. I cannot, however, sit by
during this long debate on so extraordinary
and importantwmeasure as this bill without
giving some expression to the feelings and
views which I have in regard to it. I cannot
certainly in ten minutes pretend to make- an
argument upon any of the many questions of
importance involved in this bill. The idea
of argument in such time is preposterous. I
cannot, however, in my judgment or upon my
conscience, admit, either by my silence or
otherwise, the constitutional power, or the
facts upon which it is sought to be sustained,
or the policy of the measure. I do not believe
the disturbances which have been referred to
are to the extent or of the character such as
have been described. I do not believe they
warrant this new, this extraordinary legisla-
tion. Individual murders, individual outrages,
if gentlemen please to call them so, indi-
vidual violence upon the rights of some of the
people, undoubtedly have occurred, not only
in all the southern States, but in all the States
of this Union, North as well as South.
The fervent, agonizing prayer of the peo-
ple, the masses of the United States, to-day
is for peace. It comes up from the lowly cot-
tage and the stately palace. It comes up from
the poor and the rich, the high and the low,
the brave and maimed soldier of the late con-
federacy and the Union armies. It is not
the prayer of the people of any one of the
States alone, but it is the divine emotion, the
holy passion that lills and swells the patriotic
heart of the whole Republic. The oracular
exclamation of the distinguished candidate for
the executive office of this Government in the
last election, "Let us have peace," swayed
