1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.:
m
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Havens.
Ho. of Beps.
took me by the arms, and four of them in that way
carried me in doubl e* quick time about a mile and a
half and set me down in a thicketand began to beat
me with hickory sticks. I felt relief then, for I
thought they were not going to hang me. I felt three
blows; the next day revealed thirty marks on my
back; X have the scars now. I fainted; the first I
know they kicked me in the side and said, 'Get up
I rose part way and fell back; they lifted me up, and
one of them shaved my hair close, one half of it, and
with a sponge painted half of my face black."
"Myknee was callous; I have a callous joint.
They pulled it out straight and I screamed. They
told mo to hush up (we were passing a house) orthey
■would blow my brains out, and thoy struck mo with
a revolver over my eye-lid."
This poor cripple had committed no offense.
Nothing was alleged against him but hia ad-
herence to the faith of the Republican party.
But his treatment was scarcely less brutal and
revolting than that of scores of others of the
highest standing and respectability. Men hold-
ing high offices under the Government have
been the victims of similar brutalities, and
driven out of their States under threats of
speedy death, merely because their political
influence was feared.
Here are more than four hundred pages,
detailing the operations of this organization in
a single State, of which the foregoing are but
average specimens. Is it any wonder that
with this powerful ally the Democracy were
able to carry North Carolina and impeach and
remove a Republican Governor from office?
Is it strange that they boast of assured victory
in all the southern States not yet under the
domination of these criminal conspirators
against the freedom of the ballot?
Sir, are not these things of awful import?
And when we reflect that they are occurring
every hour, carrying fear and terror to the
homes of thousands, and that there is no hope
nor pretense of protection from the local gov
ernments, ought we not promptly to extend
the fullest power of the Federal authority over
them for their security? No man has yet been
punished for these crimes, and they are perpe-
trated with absolute impunity.
The following testimony of one of the judges
of the supreme court of North Carolina, con-
firmed by the testimony of several other judges,
who were sworn before the Senate.committee,
explains one of the means by which the law is
evaded. He
"I suppose any candid man in North Carolina
would tell you it is impossible for the civil author-
ities, however vigilant they may be, to punish those
■who perpetrate these outrages. The defect lies not
so much with the courts as with the juries. You
cannot get a conviction; youcannot getabill found
by the grand jury, or if you do, the petit jury acquits
the parties. In my official capacity I sitwith Judge
Pearson and Judge Dick. Judge Pearson issued a
bench warrant last summer for some parties, and had
them brought before him at Raleigh. Ho requested
Judge Dick and myself to meet him. We did so, and
the trial extended over three weeks, and there it
came to our knowledge that it was the duty and
obligation of members of this secret organization to
put themselves in the way to bo summoned as jurors,
to acquit the accused, or to have themselves sum-
moned as witnesses to prove an alibi. This they
swore to; and such is the general impression. Of
course it must be so. for there has not been a single
instance of conviction in the State."
The strangest and most alarming feature
connected with this subject is that this organ-
ization is countenanced and encouraged by a
large portion of what is known as the better
class of southern people. The victims are
invariably Republicans, both white and black ;
and their destruction seems to be regarded as
a work of Christian charity by many who would
be foremost in suppressing ordinary crimes.
No such organization could exist for a "day in
any community if the moral sentiment of the
people were resolutely against it. Let such a
band of disguised marauders commence their
midnight rides in*almost any locality of the
North, and no eye would sleep until they
should be brought to justice and the authority
of the law vindicated. How sad and discour-
aging, sir, is the picture of the moral condi-
tion of those great communities where these
startling crimes and cruel barbarisms proceed
without molestation or interference ; and how
more than discouraging, how full of danger,
is the fact that partisans for partisan purposes
tacitly encourage the growth and spread of
these organizations, or, as is shown in this
testimony to be frequently the case, connect
themselves with them. Witnesses of the high-
est standing and respectability have sworn that
though many Democrats in the South condemn
these outrages, the influence of the pa-sty, as a
whole, is in their support.
That this organization is a political one, and
is tacitly countenanced by a large portion of
the Democratic party of the South, is shown
by the testimony of numerous witnesses, as
well as by the known course of the leaders of
the party in making no effort for its suppres-
sion, and by the expressions of a considerable
portion of the press. One leading Democratic
newspaper in the South has had #the courage
and patriotism to denounce these outrages and
rebuke a Democratic Legislature for refusing
to pass a law for their suppression; but the
conclusion is irresistible that the Veight of the
moral sentiment of the southern Democracy
is not favorable to any action tending to sup-
press them. Unable to command the Array
to go into the South to "drive out the carpet-
bag State governments at the point of the bay-
onet," as the Democratic candidate for the
Vice Presidency in 1868 demanded should be
done, these Ku Klux bands seem to have been
called into service by the Democratic party to
do the work by midnight, violence and murder.
When, sir, in the history of civilization was a
more monstrous crime ever attempted? Is it
not absolutely without a parallel anywhere?
It ss shown, sir, in this testimony that in the
meetings of these camps questions concerning
the disposition to be made of Republicans who
are thought to be too prominent and influen-
tial are presented, deliberately discussed, and
determined. The decree of the Klan is ordered
to be carried out by men detailed for the pur-
pose. The victim is either hung or shot, or
whipped and ordered to leave the country.
Thus the lives of men are made to depend
upon the action of desperate, irresponsible
bands in midnight council, before whom the
accused is not permitted to appear, and of
whose deliberations he is ignorant and unsus-
pecting. His first information of the verdict
against him is the horrid yells of "the blood-
thirsty executioners around his home at mid-
night and the volleys from their shot-guns and
revolvers, which not unfrequently include the
horror-stricken wife and children in the fate
of the real object of vengeance. Democrats,
this work is yours! It proceeds because you
have not the courageous patriotism to rebuke
it and put it down. These men are members
of your party, organized avowedly to exterm-
inate Republicans and secure power for you.
Your condemnation would disband them in a
day and give security to the country, but you.
do not give it.
Sir, the evidence before us is startling. Local
causes may occasionally breed violence and
crime in any community, but this organization
of lawless conspirators spreads over half the
territory of the Republic, and violence and ter-
ror and persecution follow wherever its camps
are established. In a single State its numbers
are estimated at forty thousand. Its entire
force would make up powerful armies. Against
such an organization, thoroughly disciplined
and moving in disguise at unsuspected mo-
ments, the unprotected objects of its malignity
are powerless to interpose successful resist-
ance, while the local authorities either cannot
or will not afford protection. In many cases
the local officers are in sympathy with the
marauders, and in others they are themselves
members of their organization; and so, for all
the many hundred acts of violence and outrage
committed by these bands, not a single man
has beep brought to punishment, and the evil
is growing and spreading every hour.
Sir, what does all this mean? Are we de-
ceiving ourselves as to the character of this
dark conspiracy and the meaning of these dark
deeds? I trust that we are not. It means that
the Republican party of the South is to be
crushed out. It means that the colored voters
are to be terrorized into submission to the
political purposes of their old masters. It
means that the Democratic party, the ally and
reserve force of the rebellion and disloyalty, is
to seize control of the Government in 1872, if
violence and outrage can succeed in wresting
from the Republican voters of the South the
free exercise of the elective franchise. These
things are but the opening skirmishes of the
campaign of next year, the early development
of the tactics by which the freedom of the ballot
is to be overthrown to make way for Demo-
cratic victory.
General Grant lost the electoral vote of New
York in 18G8 by reason of frauds in New York
city unparalleled in the history of free govern-
ment ; but the end sought was not reached.
Another desperate struggle is to be made to
secure the power so much coveted; and this
time whole States are to be given over to mob
violence, and a reign of terror inaugurated in
order that that power may be secured. The
Ku Klux bands are but the agencies through
which Democratic victories are to be won over
the intimidated and fear-stricken victims of
midnight violence and wrath.
Sir, what are we to do? Are the appeals
which come to us for protection every hour to
go unheeded ? Can we give no security to these
people in the rights which are theirs under the
Constitution of their country ? I answer that it
is our plain duty to bring the power of the Gov-
ernment to bear to bring peace to these com-
munities and security to every fireside. Let the
authority that has thundered its demands in
the face of a foreign Power when the rights of
a single American citizen have been invaded
be invoked now to give protection to the thou-
sands on our own soil whose lives are in con-
stant peril, and who^p most sacred rights are
being trampled under foot by a worse than for-
eign foe. We cannot shirk this duty without
proving false to a most sacred trust. The Con-
stitution has conferred certain rights upon its
citizens, and guarantied them protection and
security in their enjoyment; and we, as the
guardians of those rights, would be worse than
cowards, and subjects of the scorn and con-
tempt of those who sent us here, if we should
abandon these people to the violence of the
mob without an effort in their behalf.
Mr. Speaker, the whole South is fast drifting
into a condition of chronic rebellion. The
hopes inspired that through a Democratic vic-
tory iti the nation the dead rebellion may be
quickened into vigorous life is arousing once
more the evil spirit of disloyalty and calling
into action the devilish agencies through which
it has ever sought to accomplish its desperate
purposes. The poison of disloyalty has per-
meated deep into the heart of the South, and
is ever ready to break forth in dangerous if not
incurable sores. It is, perhaps, ineradicable ;
but (he skillful hand may control it and check
its further progress. And this must be done,
and done speedily, or the whole body-politic
will become involved in the disease. The South
cannot drift into anarchy and war without drag-
ging the North into the disastrous contest. A
war of races and of parties cannot be inungu
rated and perpetuated there without spreading
its evil influences over the North and ranging
corresponding forces in hostile attitude.
I repeat that the disorders breaking out so
threateningly in all parts of the South portend
evils of no ordinary magnitude and danger.
