212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Rkps.
Fourteenth Amendment-—Mr. Havens.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
We comforted ourselves in 1860 and 1861 with
the reflection that the dangers that threatened
us did not mean war. Let us not deceive our-
selves again. These clouds have no rainbow
tints in them. The South did not contemplate
a bloody war, in which slavery would be up-
rooted, when she began .to pass ordinances of
secession, but the movement once begun be-
came uncontrollable and had to be followed
through seas of blood to a legitimate con-
clusion". And so now this dangerous organ-
ization, composed of tens of thousands of
trained soldiers fresh from the rebel armies, well
armed and under the control of dangerous and
unscrupulousmen, may carry us all beyond the
poiut now contemplated by the Democratic
leaders. It is in their service, and it may re-
quire some self-sacrifice for them to disown
and condemn it; but let them look well to the
dangers they invoke and pause before they
thrust themselves immovably in the way of all
measures for its extinction. These crimes
cannotalways go on unmolested and unresist-
ed. Retaliation will begin sooner or later, and
bloody revolution must follow. Consider well
before you drive this patient people to this last
alternative. In the great heart of the people
there is no sympathy with cruelty and injustice,
and you may push your mad work too far.
But we are told that there is no power in the
Constitution to afford the needed protection ;
that these people must be left to the mercy of the
local governments under which they live. This
bill is unconstitutional, we are informed from
the other side of the House, and we are
charged with a purpose to overturn the found-
ations of popular liberty in seeking its passage.
Sir, this is an old and familiar cry. It has been
sounding in our ears for the last ten years.
We were told in 1861 that there was no power
under the Constitution to make war upon the
rebellion for the preservation of the Union.
We were met at every stage of the rebellion, in
all our efforts for its overthrow, with the cry
that what we did was unconstitutional. No
single act was ever passed by this body, and no
policy over adopted by the Executive looking
to a vigorous prosecution of the war against
the rebellion, that did not elicit from the De-
mocracy the cry of unconstitutionality. This
was the chief weapon with which they fought,
but it was most energetically wielded; and
no measure, however plain and simple, could
be proposed now for the purpose of suppress-
ing the lawless outrages by which freedom of
the ballot is to be crushed out and Democratic
victory won that would not be assailed as
unconstitutional by the Democratic party.
Shoulder to shoulder and heart to heart the
Democracy of the North and of the South
confront us. There is no issue between them,
and their united voice is against any legisla-
tion that shall interfere with the means by which
they are to grasp power ; and these Ku Klux
bands are their forlorn hope. The untram-
meled voice of the American people has so
often pronounced against them that that voice
must be stifled and silenced. It is not strange,
then, that this bill calls forth bitter opposition.
It is not strange that the arguments by which
the rebellion was defended and the Govern-
ment assailed are once more appealed to in
this new struggle for the mastery. It seems
to be the great idea of the Democratic party
that the Government is worth nothing unless
they can rule it; and every right of the citizen,
and the peace and good order of whole com-
munities and States, are to be sacrificed in their
mad struggle for power.
Gentlemen upon the other side have told us
that these organizations are not approved by
the better class of the southern people nor by
the Democratic party, bir, if they were not
tacitly countenanced by the party that is willing
to deiive the advantages of their operations
they could not exist. If the Democratic party
would denounce them as they deserve, cease
to countenance them by apologizing for them,
and join in demanding vigorous measures for
their extinction,they would speedily pass away.
It is the moral encouragement given them upon
this floor and elsewhere by the Democracy,
who palliate their crimes and resist legislation
for their suppression, that gives them courage
and speeds them in their infamous work.
We had fondly hoped that by this time the
Democracy would have abandoned the issues
of the war and directed their energies to the
restoration of peace and the rebuilding of
shattered interests upon the basis of equal and
exact justice to all the people as guarantied
by the amended Constitution. But we have
been disappointed, and to-day we find the pur-
poses of that party directed to the work of
reversing the settlement of those issues in
the interests of a dead rebellion, for which
it mourns, and for whose fate it refuses to be
comforted. .
This purpose is justified by the assertion that
the policy of the Republican party has been
harsh and crijel, and bears heavily upon the
southern people. But how feeble is this pre-
tense in the light of facts 1 This Government
has demanded no drop of blood and no man's
liberty. The enforcement of the laws against
treason has never been asked; not even the
leading conspirators have ever been punished
for their betrayal of the Government. Every
northern fireside sorrowed for slaughtered sons
and brothers, and widows with broken hearts
and orphans left defenseless saddened every
neighborhood. Taxation and debt became a
burden upon every individual. But all these
things did not arouse the North to a spirit of
vengeance. And even in the hour of victory,
when they might have been cruel, they were
generous beyond prudence. Not even the
power for future mischief was withheld from
those who had made war upon their country;
and to-day nearly a score of men who held
commissions in the armies of the rebellion and
periled their lives to overthrow the Constitu-
tion and Government occupy seats upon this
floor, the equals in political rights and privi-
leges of the most faithful, and assume to lec-
ture us upon our disregard of the Constitution
and the rights of the people. Sir, this talk of
injustice and harshness on the part of the Gov-
ernment toward the South can have no force
here, and will wake no responsive echoes among
the people. There is no foundation for it.
But what should we say of that Government
which, having thus forgiven its enemies, should
refuse protection to its faithful citizens from
the persecution and violence of those who have
been the recipients of its generous charity ?
Mr. Speaker, if I occupied the stand-point
of a mere partisan I should not regret the ex-
istence of these Ku Klux organizations, nor the
action of the Democratic party in resisting
measures for their suppression. How often
has the stupid action of that party forced vic-
tory upon our banners! The North, wearied
with the continued agitation of war issues, has
long sought to abandon them and grapple with
new questions. But each indication of flag-
ging purpose has kindled new hope in the
South and revived the effort for final victory.
And thus the loyal people have been forced
again and again to meet these issues and tri-
umph upon them.
It seems as if disaster and impending danger
have ever been necessary to hold the loyal
people to their duty. Bull Run and the early
disasters around Richmond filled us with dis-
may, but they opened our eyes to the magni-
tude of the straggle in hand, and nerved us for
the contest that gave us the emancipation proc-
lamation and Appomattox. And how, when
armed hostilities had ceased, we tried to prevail
upon the southern people to reorganize their
States upon a loyal basis, promising to leave
the loyal blacks to depend upon them for the
ballot and the protection of their rights. But
the fatal error of the South in following the
lead of a treacherous Executive, who betrayed
us, forced us to do justice, and gave us the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments. The
bold declarations of a purpose to undo the work
of reconstruction by armed force, if necessary,
indorsed by the Democratic national conven-
tion in the nomination of its candidate for the
Vice Presidency in 1868, warned us that our
work was not done, and gave us an easy vic-
tory and a President of our choice.
And so now the bloody work of these bands
of Ku Klux in the South, and the action of the
Democratic party in palliating their crimes and
defending them from hostile legislation,'is but
a repetition of the history of the past six years,
another four years of failure platform; and I
hail it as the harbinger of continued triumph,
the early assurance of victory in 1872.
Mr. Speaker, the bill originally proposed
by the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] would be more in ac-
cordance with my views of the necessities of
the emergency we are called upon to provide
for than the one before us. But this one, I
trust, will be found as efficient as those who
prefer it hope that it may be. In dealing with
the questions which have growu out of the
rebellion radical legislation is wisest. Timid
and halfway measures aggravate rather than
cure the evils they are designed to reach.
The State which I am privileged in part to
represent upon this floor furnishes a striking
example of the wisdom of courageous and
thorough legislation in dealing with this sub-
ject. Her loyal people, taught by the experi-
ence of four years of bitter, cruel war, which
raged around their own homes, sweeping away
all that they had but their courage, their honor,
and their patriotism, understood the nature of
the enemy with which they had to contend;
and when victory was won they secdred it by
boldly withholding all political power from
those who had participated in the rebellion or
sympathized with it. The protection of a loyal
Government was guarantied to every citizen,
and genuine peace .came to bless the State.
Violence and disorder have been almost un-
known, and her growth and development in a
period of five years are unparalleled in the his-
tory of A merican States. More than half a mil-
lion have been added to her population, while
her material wealth has more than doubled
in the same period.
Time and the influx of loyal population
have so far buried the traces of the war and
obliterated its bitter memories that the people
last fall restored in their fullest extent the
rights which the public safety had required
should be temporarily withheld. I trust that
they have not done so too hastily. But whether
they have or not, they have furnished us with
an example from which we may learn much.
And I should prefer now some more thorough
and rigid measure than the bill before us,
believing that in the end it would be best for
the South and best for the whole country.
All our attempts at bringing peace and order
to the South by leniency and forbearance have
utterly failed. The burning hate that thirsts
for the blood of loyal men and manifests
itself in the heathenish barbarisms that are
disgracing the civilization of the age in the
southern States cannot be subdued by gentle
solicitations or soothed by the kiss of kind-
ness. "Only the generous and just know how
to appreciate generosity. These Ku Klux
Klans are in no mood to be brought into peace-
able submission to the law^by mild and timid
legislation.
The sullen, bitter, and vindictive hate which
moves them will listen to no appeals of reason
and moderation. The whole history of recon-
struction shows that in proportion as our policy
