510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the hearts and determined the suffrages of
thousands of good and true men in his favor,
if it did not, indeed, determine the result. It
is the one thing needful in our unhappy coun-
try at this moment. The agriculturist, the
mechanic, the artisan, the common laborer,
the capitalist, all yearn for peace. There is
not a material interest of this vast people,
there is not a moral or Christian interest, there
is no interest that does not humbly supplicate
for peace.
The great war through which we have so
recently passed was professedly prosecuted in
the interest and to secure a "lasting peace."
It was not "permitted" to close till this most
desirable, this grand object was supposed to
have been attained. Money, blood, life, no
earthly consideration could be weighed or off-
set against permanent peace. It was achieved,
it was conceded, it was proclaimed, it exists;
now, to-day, it is an actual, existing fact, ac-
knowledged before Heaven, recorded, written
out, and engrossed upon all our archives, and
verified by every high official of the Govern-
ment. Order, quiet, peace reigns throughout
the length and breadth of our land. There ia
not a sword unsheathed ; there is not a hostile
gun or spear gleaming in the sunlight; there
is not a soldier in the field ; there is not a war-
like organization or combination against the
State or the Federal authorities in our midst
or on our borders. There is no such thing in
any one of the States of the Union.
Sir, we are a people of forty millions, scat-
tered over and occupying the grandest country
in the world, with climate, productions, and
resources unsurpassed by any and all other peo-
ples on earth. We have a written Constitution,
the embodied wisdom of all historic nations
and of all human experience in free popular
Governments, designed to make, and capable
of making us, if strictly adhered to and faith-
fully and wisely observed and administered,
the freest and happiest of people. Our sys-
tem of Federal and State government, some-
what complex though it be, harmoniously ex-
ercising their respective powers, is the very
perfection of the whole. Limiting and con-
fining the former to the use and exercise of
the powers expressly conferred in and by the
Constitution, and leaving the latter with all
the powers the people shall see fit to grant
them, liberty will always be safe and peace
always assured. ♦
But, sir, what do we hear now? What is
this disturbance that is stirring up and moving
the people from the northern to the southern
boundary of this country? How is it that the
masses, having just calmed and settled down
after the most terrific and sanguinary struggle
the world ever witnessed, are again to be lashed
into passion and fury?
Sir, there is another declaration of war;
yes, sir, I declare it on my responsibility as a
^Representative of this House. This bill, this
bill now before this House, is itself a declara-
tion of war! I charge it here and now ; it is,
it can be understood only as a declaration of
war; a declaration of war by the Federal Gov-
ernment upon the States and the State gov-
ernments ; a declaration of war by the Repub-
lican party, the minions of the Federal power,
in the interest of that party, against the people
of the several States! That it is a revolution-
ary and warlike measure is too plain for denial.
Gentlemen may explain it, palliate it, and
apologize for it as they will, as they have done,
its provisions cannot be misunderstood. The
pretense of crime, murder, pillage, outrage in
localities will not do. These are matters with-
in the jurisdiction of the States. To punish
these, to suppress these, to dispose of those
persons who commit these outrages, is a mat-
ter of State authority belonging to the States
before the Union was formed and never sur-
rendered to the Federal Government.^
Gentlemen pretend that the power is to be
found or implied in the fact that the citizen
has rights, immunities, and privileges under
the Constitution ofthe United States. If these
rights, privileges, and immunities are inter-
fered with or infringed upon Congress may
provide redress. By what authority, by what
law "warrant are the States to be deprived of
this jurisdiction ? Under what Federal char-
ter can the jurisdiction of the States in cases
of assault and battery and the whole body
of crimes be taken from them? The States
themselves have never abandoned, surren-
dered, or granted it away. Under this pretense
the States of this Union are to be abolished,
their most sacred rights and jurisdiction to
protect the life, liberty, and property of their
citizens are to be taken away. It is monstrous!
it is absolutely atrocious!
I repeat it, sir, it is absolutely a declaration
of war, and nothing else can be made of it.
"The President of the United States is author-
ized to take such measures as he may deem
necessary by the employment of the militia
and the land and the naval forces." He may
" declare martial law." Martial law! What
is it? Gentlemen tell us there has been a great
deal of cheap rhetoric spent on this term
" martial law." It is a misnomer, sir. There
is no such thing as martial law. Martial law
is no law. It is martial power ; it is war; it
ia the war power. It is the will of him who
happens at the moment to be in command. It
silences law and speaks because of its silence.
It drives away the civil law. They cannot ex-
ist together. The one excludes the other and
takes its placc. It is force ; it is physical force ;
it is the force of arms ; it is war. It pleads
necessity and inaugurates despotism. Its
mildest rule is tyranny. Disguise it as you
will, the President is authorized by this bill
to declare war. Of what avail is the habeas
corpus in the presence of martial law—of mar-
tial power? There is no civil law and no civil
administration. 1 -cannot elaborate this idea ;
I have no time; my minutes will not wait.
I have listened to debate of gentlemen on the
other side of the House, in the hope that 1
should be able to obtain some definition of this
new Federal power. The gentleman who intro-
duced this bill [Mr. Shellabargek] admitted,
in his opening speech, that he was traveling on
new ground; that he was exploring a new field
of Federal power. But he did not tell us its
length or its breadth, its height or its depth.
He gave us no definition or idea of what it is or
what Extent it may go. No gentleman on that
side of the House, with the exception of two,
as I recollect, have attempted to do it. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Perry,] the able
and eloquent lawyer, argued this question of
constitutional power in very few words, and
apologized for it, because it was so exceedingly
plain. How did he define this power? Let me
read from his speech.
"All the injurios, denials, and privations which
authorize any of those steps are injuries, denials,pri-
vations of rights and immunities under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States."
There is a generality, glittering, broad,
almost meaningless. But the gentleman does
not leave us there. He says, "they are not
injuries inflicted by mere individuals or upon
ordinary rights of individuals." In Heaven's
name, then, what are they ? What are the
evils we are seeking to redress? To what
purpose do we legislate? What object have
we in view ? To protect not "mere individ-
uals, not ordinary individual rights." What
is meant by that?. We are no better off with
the definition than without it. It seems to me
it is calculated only to confuse. What is
meant by " they are not injuries inflicted by
mere individuals ?" The gentleman does not
tell us or describe what these individuals are
who may, by their acts, give this extraordinary
jurisdiction and power to the Federal Gov-
ernment, nor does he describe what he means
by " ordinary rights of individuals."
_ The bill itself relates only to the ordinary
rights, the most common rights, the rights of
life, liberty, and property. It seems to me the
gentleman admits that there is no power to
pass or enforce this bill. If there is any mean-
ing in his limitation, not by mere individual
and not ordinary rights, the bill is confessedly
without constitutional warrant. Thus, the first
attempt at a definition of this power shows the
abuse of such power. If not, it demonstrates
that the bill can be of no practical use; it will
reach none of the evils complained of. The
bill reaches the whole body of crimes and
offenses heretofore redressed by the State law.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook]—
I believe I may call him my friend—whose
attention I called to this very point on yes-
terday, who is always able as a lawyer, who
is generally candid as a man, and willing to
meet the logical convictions of his own mind,
escaped, I must say, by leaving the subject in
the dark just as much as when he undertook
to answer my question. Let me read the main
portion of that colloquy:
"I do not care wliat that right is, so it is a right
which is secured by the Constitution of the United
States,either by an affirmative or a negative pro-
vision.
"Mr. Eldridge. I -would ask the gentleman, if
his view be correct, why, under that broad statement
of his, cannot assault and battery, or any depriva-
tion of property or liberty, be punished by the Uni-
ted States or the Federal Government?
"Mr. Cook. The reason is that the Constitution
of the United States recognizes these rights as being
enforced and protected by the State authorities.^ It
recognizes in one evont the right of the United
States to interfere and protect the citizen in person
and property, when, by unlawful combinations too
strong for tho State authorities to put down or sub-
due, the citizen is deprived of his rights."
* * X * ¥ * -i: *
" A second proposition is, that whenever there is a
right inherent in a citizen of the United States, by
virtue of the Constitution of the United States, any
combination of men having for its object to deprive
him of that right is an otfense against the United
States, and may be punished by the national law."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
from Illinois is not here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not doing him
injustice, nor do I desire to.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Illinois
is now here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On this very point I put
another inquiry to him.
"Mr. Eldridge. Do you base that on the combina-
tion of two or more persons, or does the jurisdiction
exist without the combination?
"Mr. Cook. I do not base it on the combination."
He says, " I do not base it on the combina-
tion"—
" But the existence of the combination furnishes
the necessity for the action. If Cabral should de-
clare war against the United States, and send ono
man under arms here to wage war against lis, the
Government would, doubtless, have the right to call
out the entire Army and Navy to resist him. But it
would be more reasonable to rely upon a single
police otFicer."
I submit that the gentleman did not answer
my question. I then put another question:
" Mr. Eldridge. Suppose two men should con-
spire to commit an assault and battery on a person,
or to take away any of his rights of property or of
liberty, can the United States redress that wrong?
"Mr. Cook. Onlyin casetheemergencyhasarisen
contemplated in the Constitution, in which the aid
of the national Government may be invoked in
aid of State laws. But if those ono or two persons
belong to a combination that is too strong for the
State to suppress, then a combination formed by
anybody to prevent tho Governor from calling upon
the President in the exercise of his undoubted con-
stitutional right to aid the State in protecting tile
citizen would bean offense against the United States.
" Mr. Eldridge. Because it amounts to an insur-
rection or rebellion ?
"Mr. Cook. No; because it is a combination to
deprive a citizen of a right secured to him by tho
Constitution of the United States.
" Mr. Eldridge. But when it is of that magni-
tude, does it not amount to an insurrection or rebel-
lion?"
Now, I submit if the gentleman fromlllinois,
taking all his answers together, has not ad-
mitted the impropriety as well as the unconsti-
tutionality of this bill? Does he not admit
also most clearly and emphatically that the
President can have no jurisdiction, that we can
invest him with no jurisdiction or power, to go
into a State on account of a mere combination
or conspiracy of a few individuals ? Has he
not admitted that it is only when the aid of the
Government is invoked 
