1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr. Porter.
Ho. of Reps.
has been thorough and radical we have ap-
proached the solution of the difficulties of the
situation. Every attempt at begging for har-
monious reunion by half-way legislation has
only been accepted as evidence of cowardice
and a purpose to surrender the issues at stake,
and has invited to fresh hostility and defiance.
We must learn this lesson and act upon it
before we shall reach the end of the struggle
and secure peace and union to the country.
Ku Klnx legislation.
SPEECH OF HON. C. H. PORTER,
of virginia,
1st the House or Representatives,
April 4, 1871.
The Ilouse having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. PORTER said:
Mr. Speaker: Before entering upon the dis-
cussion of the pending bill I desire to say a
word in relation to a remark made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawesj on
yesterday, in reference to the termination of
general debate upon this bill—a remark which
I did not distinctly understand at the time.
I had called the attention of the House to
the manifest injustice of closing this debate
on yesterday, as urged by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, when only three Republican
members from the South had occupied the floor
in support of the bill. I asserted that it would
be a wrong to exclude gentlemen from the
South who desired to be heard in behalf of
the proposed legislation, and added:
"If you see fit to exclude tfiem you must look out
for the safety of your bill."
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] in reply, took occasion to say:
"Much asl desire to express my views on this bill
and the principles it involves, I desire more to ob-
tain early action upon it. t If every gentleman who
does not get the opportunity to which he thinks he
is entitled announces publicly to the Ilouse, 'You
must look out, or your bill will be defeated unless I
can have my particular way,' we shall not get along
very well. Mr. Speaker, if I should take that posi-
tion I should have reason to doubt uiy own patriot-
ism inthematter; Ishould havesomegrronndforself-
examination as to my motives. 13utl do not make
any suggestion in thatregard to any other member."
While reading the above in the Globe this
morning, my mind reverted to the tact that
while loyal men were being lashed, beaten, and
murdered in the South, the gentleman from
Massachusetts was foremost among those who
procured the House to vote for adjournment
four different times between the 4th and 28d
of last month.
Mr. Speaker, if I had taken that position, if
I had assumed an attitude, either through
design or ignorance of the condition of affairs
in the South, the result of which would be to
turn over the loyal citizens of that portion
of the country to be scourged and murdered
for nine months longer, I should indeed have
doubted my own patriotism in the matter: I
should have had ground for self-examination
as to my motives. But I should not have made
any suggestion in thatregard to any other mem-
ber. The very distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will, of course,
understand that the suggestion in the contin-
gency named would not apply to liim, but only
to myself, the same as I understood him on
yesterday to confine the examination which
he suggested, to his own motives, and not at
all to mine.
Mr. Speaker, a great and overshadowing
question is before us, upon us. Nothing more
or less than rebellion, nothing more or less
than p.ivil war confronts us, and civii war in
its most hideous form. In causelesness, utter
42d Cong. 1st Hess.—No. 18.
depravity, and barbarity it is without a paral-
lel in the history of the human race. It is war
waged on one side alone ; war delivered against
an unresisting and unoffending people, who are
destitute of all means of resistance.
We must meet this crisis, but not as we met
the great impending conflict in the fall of 1860
and the winter and spring of 1861. We waited
then until the organizers of rebellion had seized
nearly every fort, arsenal, and stronghold in
the enemy's country, an achievement which is
usually understood and accepted as establish-
ing the independence of the country or section
involved. The power, authority, and emblem
of the national Government were driven out of
the seceded States.
The southern confederacy secured independ-
ence—ay, was permitted to secure it—before the
Government raised its hand. Having allowed
the insurgents to possess themselves of the
forts, arsenals, and strongholds, and to do gen-
erally as they pleased, lest a different course,
one of firmness and coercion, should irritate
our gentle and misguided brethren of the
South, the Government finally went to work
to repossess their forts, arsenals, and strong-
holds, and to overthrow the confederacy. You
know the rest. The four long years of carnage
that followed, property swallowed up, blood
running over the land ; years of holy sacrifices
and heroic deeds. It remains for the present
session of the Forty-Second Congress to de-
termine whether the results of our great strug-
gle shall prove wise and beneficent, or turn to
ashes. How have we met the present crisis?
Have we been doing any better or even as well
as before?
For more than two years murders and out-
rages have been rife in the South, thousands
of Republicans have' been murdered by Demo-
crats for opinion's sake, and not one punished,
and now Congress is just beginning to do some-
thing in the premises, or, to speak more accur-
ately, is considering the question. Ku Klux
troops are marching from one point to another,
and from one State to another, to engage in the
slaughter of loyal men, and gentlemen here are
doubting the power of Congress to protect cit-
izens of the United States from systematic out-
rage in the States!
I desire to read in this connection from an
editorial in the Washington Chronicle of yes-
terday :
"Private advices down to last night represent
affairs in North Carolina to bo worse than ever for
Union men.
" Within tho last few months the Ku Klux organ-
ization has mustered in at least twenty thousand
men, making in all a force of about sixty thousand
in the State, armed and equipped, prepared to resist
the United States or any other Government should
any attempt bo made to protect the Union men
"Outrages continue, and the ICu ICIux have as-
sumed pretty much the entire control over Gaston,
Lincoln, aud adjoining counties, where they have
not exercised much authority befoie.
" In the recent light at Union county, South Caro-
lina, over one hundred men from Charlotte, £\orth
Carolina, (the home of Senator-elect Vance) par-
ticipated. They took their departure, armed and
equipped, for the scene of action as openly as ever a
regiment of men passed through Washington into
Virginia during the late war. They returned after
the fight in the same open way, and to-day make
boasts in public of their deeds on that occasion.
Even the Telegram, published at Haleigh as an in-
dependent newspaper, is so influenced by public
opinion as to say ' that threats of Federal interfer-
ence excitc no fear here.' In other words, the i cd-
cral authorities are defied, as was done in 1801.5
The existence of an organization whose object
is to destroy the influence of colored suffrage in
the South, an organization known in common
parlance as the Ku Klux Klan, by whipping,
mutilating, and murdering colored men and
white Republicans, has been unequivocally
and solemnly denied oti this floor, lhat such
au organization exists in Kentucky and the
late rebellious States, except the State of Vir-
ginia, is beyond all dispute. Kentucky has been
particularly, and from that stand-point; which
is one of assertion, ably defended on this floor;
and from the statements of her Representa-
tives who have indignantly denied the existence
of this organization in that State, I appeal to
the Louisville Courier-Journal, which is rec-
ognized as the leading Democratic newspaper
in the State of Kentucky and in the South, and
to the charge of Judge Pryor, a prominent
Democrat, to the grand jury at Frankfort, on
the 27th of February last.
It seems that a white man was confined in
the jail for having murdered a negro. Judge
Pr£or could not, as he ought to have done, see
his way clear, in view of the State law, to admit
colored witnesses in the State court, but turned
the case over to the Federal court under the
civil rights bill. And a band of armed men
went to the jail where the prisoner was confined
and rescued him^ because they did not intend,
as stated by the judge, and substantially by the
paper to which 1 have referred, that he should
be tried before the Federal tribunal. The judge,
in addressing the grand jury, said:
" When you adjourned on last Thursday you were
engaged in the investigation of the case of the Com-
monwealth against Scroggins, charged with the mur-
der of a negro man in your county. A few nights
since, as I am credibly iniormed, a large number of
armed men entered your town about midnight, or
shortly alter, and by force rescued the prisoner from
tho county jail. The object thoy had in view was
either to sot him at liberty or to inflict upon him such
punishment as in their midnight deliberations they
might think right and proper. I am satisfied their
only object was to relieve the prisoner from a pros-
ecution, and to set at defiance the laws of the land.
This unexpected and llagrant violation of law had
its origin, doubtless, from the determined purpose
of these armed men that 110 white man should be
punished by the federal court upon the testimony
of negroes for tho violation of any law."
S sje 4. *- <s ? **<••-
44 The refusal of this court to permit tho negro to
testify in tho case of Scroggins was, I have no doubt,
the real cause of the appearance of these midnight
judges at your county jail. I could not admit it con-
scientiously, for, as judge, I had no power to repeal
the State law on the subject of testimony. Tho only
alternative left me after your investigations had con-
cluded was to hand him over to the federal author-
ities; but it seems that the jurisdiction of that court
over the crime, as well as the State courts, is to be
determined by an unlawful organization, brought
into existence for the purposo of violating the laws
with impunity and relieving bad men from punish-
ment. If these secret, masked courts are to be held,
and men taken from our county jails at their will
and pleasure, and at the risk of the lives of all who
resist them, we had as well tear down our temples
of justice and place our lives, liberty, and property
in their hands. There is no excuse, justification, or
palliation for such conduct, and brave men would
scorn to engage in it. Some one or two negroes have
been shot down in ray district by armed men in dis-
guise. White men have been lacerated with the lash
under the judgment of these courts, a deed as dark
as the covering that hides their faces from the vic-
tim's view. Judgment is pronounccd at tho silent
hour of night by a judge whose judgment is either
executed by a rope around the neck or the lash upon
the back. Humanity revolts at it. Public sentiment,
with tho aid of tho Legislature and courts, alone can
check it. The negroes 1 allude to were killed because
they were summoned as witnesses in tho federal
courts, and were notallowcd to testify at home. Tnis
man was taken from your jail because the negro was
not allowed to testify against him m this court. There
should be no excuse tor such an organization. In
my judgment there is none now, and never can be.'
Now hear the Democratic Louisville Courier-
Journal. The editor prints the charge, and
then comments upon it as follows :
"No gloss of language can lessen or exaggerate the
sinister importance of the outrage committed at
Frankfort last Saturday morning. It was an explo-
sion which shows that the social surface of Kentucky
is undermined by banded criminals organized to
violate the laws and trample the dignity of the State
in the dust. They have usurped the powers of gov-
ernment ; made murder their pastime and terrorism
their scepter; conterred upon their adherents the
right of private vengeance and assumed to protect
them from the penalties of outraged law. No home
is safe, no placo is sacred from their invasions. To
show their strength and their utter contempt for all
departments of the State government they fill the
vicinity of tho capital during the brief period of the
legislative session with deeds of blood and carry
their lawless violence with insulting delianee to the
very doors of our legislative halls. This stain upon
the escutcheon of Kentucky, this humiliation of our
proud old State, has culminated under a Democratic
State administration, and yet the Legislature, so
prompt to resent a newspaper eensure, has affected
to ignore the facts and disregard the disgrace.
