1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
Mr. TAFFE. It ought to refer to the action
instead of using the word "juror," No one
juror can make a verdict; it takes all of
them.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In line forty-six,
page 3, I move to strike out the words "the
preceding" and insert "this."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. On the same page,
in the forty-fifth line, I move to strike out the
word "such" and insert "anyj" and in sec-
tion three, page 4, line seven, after the word
"to," I move to insert the word "protect."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. In the twenty-fifth line, on
page 2, after the word " verdict," the gentle-
man should insert the words "presentment
or indictment."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
twenty-fourth line, page 2, the word "person"
where it first occurs should be "juror."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Shellabakger's amendment, as amend-
ed, reads as follows:
Strike out the sccond, third, and fourth sections
of the bill and insert in lieu thereof the following
sections:
Sec. 2. That if two or more persons within any
State or Territory of the United States shall conspire
together to overthrow, orto putdown, or to destroy
by force the Government of the United States, or
to oppose by force the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States, or by force, intimida-
tion, or threat to prevent, hinder, or delay the exe-
cution of any law of the United States, or by foree to
kcizc, take, or possess any property of the United
States against the will and contrary to the authority
of ttio United States, or by force, intimidation, or
threat to prevent any person from accepting or hold-
ing any oflice of trust or place of confidence under
the United States, or from discharging the duties
thereof, or b^ force,intimidation, or threat to induce
any officer of tho United States to leave any State,
district, or place where his duties as such officer
might lawfully be performed, or to injure him in his
person or property on account of his lawful discharge
of the duties of his office, or by force, intimidation,
or threat to deter auy witness in any court of* the
United States from testifying in any matter pending
in such court fully, freely, and truthfully, orto injure
any such witness in his person or property on account
of his having so testified, or by force, intimidation,
or threat to influence the vordict, presentment, or
indictment of any juror or grrand juror in any court
of the United States, or to injure such juror in his
person or property on account of any verdict, pre-
sentment, or indictment lawfully assented to by him,
or shall conspire together for the purpose, either
directly or indirectly, of depriving any person or any
class of persons of the equal protection of tho laws,
or of equal privileges or immunities under thelaws,
or tor tho purpose of preventing or hindering tho
constituted authorities of any State from giving or
securing to all persons within such State the equal
protection of the laws, or to injur© any person in his
person or his property for lawfully enforcing tho
right of any person or class of persons to the equal
protection of tho laws, each and every person so
offending shall be deemed guilty of a high crime,
and, upon conviction thereof in any district or circuit
court ot tho United States or district or supreme
court of any Territory of the United States having
jurisdiction ot similar offenses, shall be punished
by a fine not less than $500 nor more than $5,000, or
by imprisonment, with or without hard labor, as the
court may determine, for a period of not Jess than
six months nor more than six years, as the court
may determine, or by both suck fine and imprison-
ment, as the court shall determine. And if any one
or more persons engaged in such conspiracy, such
as is defined in this section, shall do, or cause to bo
done, any aot in furtherance of the object of such
conspiracy, whereby any person shall be injured in
his person or property, or deprived of having mid
exercising any right or privilege of a citizen of the
United States, the person so injured or deprived of
such rights and privileges may have and maintain
an action for the recovery of damages occasioned by
such injury or deprivation of rights and privileges
against any one or more of the persons engaged in
such conspiracy, such action to be prosecutod m tho
proper district or circuit court of the United States,
with and subject to the same rights of appeal, review
upon error, and other remedies provided m like
cases in such courts under the provisions of the act
of April 9,1866, entitled "An act to protect all per-
sons m the United States in their oivil rights, and
to furnish the means for their vindication."
Sec. 3. That in ail cases where insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combinations, or conspira-
cies in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws thereof, and of tho United
States, as to deprive anyportion or class of the peo-
ple of such State of any of the rights, privileges, or
immunities named in and secured by this act, and
4-2d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 33.
the constituted authorities of any State shall either
be unable to protect, or shall, from any cause, fail
in or refuse protection to tho people in such rights,
and shall fail or neglect, through the proper author-
ities, to apply to the President of the United States
for aid in that behalf, such facts shall be deemed a
denial by such State of the equal protection of the
laws to which they are entitled under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States; and in all such cases it shall be law-
ful for the President, and it shall be his duty, to take
such measures, by the employment of the militia or
the land arid naval forces of the United States, or of
either, or by other means, as he may deem necessary
for the suppression of such insurrection, domestic
violence, or combinations; and any person who shall
be arrested under the provisions of this and the
preceding section shall be delivered to the marshal
of the proper district, to be dealt with according to
law: Provided, That the President of the United
States be, and ho is hereby, authorized, if, in his
judgment, it should be deemed expedient, to direct
voluntary enlistments of any of the militia of the
United Statos in lieu of all or any part of the force
herein authorized to be employed for the purposes
aforesaid, for a term of service not exceeding thirty
days after the final adjournment of the next session
of Congress.
Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, and of the
United States within such State, or when tho con-
stituted authorities are in complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenover, by reason
of either or all of tho causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of tho
public safety shall beoome in suoh district imprac-
ticable, in every such case such combinations shall
be doemed a rebellion against the Government of
the United States, and during: tho continuance of
such rebellion, and within tho limits of the district
which shall bo so under the sway thereof, suoh lim-
its to bo prescribed by proclamation, it shall be law-
ful for the President of tho United States, when in
his judgment tho public safety shall require it, to
suspend the privileges of tho writ of habeas corpus,
to tho end that suoh rebellion may be overthrown :
Provided, That tho President shall first havo made
proclamation, as now provided by law. commanding
such insurgents to disperse; Andprovided also. That
the provisions of tbis section shall not be in force
after the 1st day of June, A.I). 1872.
Sec. 5. That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to suporsede or repeal any former aot or
law except so far as the same may bo repugnant
thereto; and any offenses heretofore committed
against the tenor of any former act shall be prose-
outed, and any proceeding already commenced for
tho prosecution thereof shall bo oontinued and com-
pleted the same as if this act had not been passed,
exoeptso far as tho provisions of this act may go to
sustain and validate such proceedings.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In line thirty, page
2, after the word "of" I move to insert the
words " the United States within," so it will
read, "or for the purpose of preventing or
hindering the constituted autliorities of the
United States within any State from giving or
securing to all persons within such States the
equal protection of the laws."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that will
not be agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to offer an-
other amendment. In line thirteen, page 4,
strike out the words "the fourteenth article
of amendments to," so it will read "protec-
tion of the laws to which they are entitled
under the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was one of
the verbal amendments which the gentleman
from Ohio was to make.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that it will
be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the following proviso:
Provided, That the President of tho United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized, if in his judgment
it should be deemed expedient, to diroct voluntary
enlistments ot any of the militia of the United States
in lieu of all or any part of the force herein author-
ized to bo employed for the purposes aforesaid, for
a term ofservice not exceeding thirty days after the
final adjournment of the next session of Congress.
I wish to say a few words on these amend-
ments. Iammuch gratified that the gentleman
in charge of this bill has so modified itas to avoid
the principal objections to thesecond and third
sections; but he has still left in the second sec-
tion that to which I take objection. Now, can
it be claimed that the fourteenth amendment,
or any other provision of the Constitution,
authorizes us to provide by law for punishing
a man in the State of Illinois for resisting a
town constable in the discharge of his duty?
Unless this amendment is made, that is what
this section does; for it provides that if any
person shall resist the constituted authorities
of the State his case shall be sent to the Uni-
ted States court. A constable is a constituted
authority of a State. He may be in the dis-
charge of his duty in an attempt to serve a
civil process which may be necessary for the
protection of some man in his equal rights
under the laws of the State. I resist that con-
stable and assault him. My State provides for
ray punishment. The State laws provide an
adequate remedy. Can it be that the Consti-
tution of the United States gives us authority
to legislate upon the same subject and provide
a punishment also; and if so, which jurisdic-
tion shall obtain possession of the man who
commits the assault? In which jurisdictioa
shall he be tried and punished—in the State
courts, or in the United States courts? You
cannot try him in both for the same offense.
And it is alleged here to be the same offense,
namely, the resistance of an officer, the obstruc-
tion of an officer in the discharge of his duty.
Is it not an absurdity which no man ever
dreamed of before to suppose that our Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall gravely
legislate to punish every man in the States
who may resist a town constable in the dis-
charge of his duty 1 In all other respects this
section is so amended, by making it apply to
the laws of the United States and to the con-
stituted authoritiesof the United States as well
as the State authorities, as to avoid the objec-
tions I have made. But in this respect it is
open to that objection.
Let me now say a word or two in regard to
the proviso to the third section which I desire
to strike out.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is not pend-
ing now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iam gratified that
the gentleman has so amended the provision
in the commencement of that section, "that
in all cases where insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
in any State shall so far obstructor hinder the
execution of the laws thereof," by adding the
words "and of the United States," as to make
it apply to the United States laws. But he
has added a sting to the end of the section by
providing that the President may enlist vol-
unteers in the States, thus increasing the regu-
lar Army for the time being; for it becomes
the regular Army for th® purpose of suppress-
ing any of these outrages. Sir, if the Presi-
dent is to use the Army let him use the army
he has got, and not enlist a volunteer army in
any of these States, to be made up of I do not
know who.
Why, sir, it is claimed that the outrages
which exist in South Carolina are the princi-
pal'reason for the enactment of this law". In
that State there are two Republicans to one
Democrat, two black men to one white man.
Now, if a majorily of two thirds in a State
cannot maintain order jn that State, so that
the President must be called on to use the
land and naval forces of the United States,
then let him take the land and naval forces of
the United States, and not go to South Carolina
to enlist the men who cannot maintain arder,
and who, numbering a majority of two thirds,
and yet unable to maintain order without out-
side assistance, show themselves to be incapa-
ble of self-government.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is the law now
that the President may call upon the militia
of auy of tho States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing he
should have the militia3 but I am not willing
that he should call out the volunteers in the
States, whose officers shall be appointed and
made up of the men who may come and hang
round the President and get him to enlist an
army in South Carolina or anywhere else. I
