514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
am willing he should have the militia. The
State is entitled to a militia; and if the mili-
tia were good for anything it would put down
these disorders now, and not come to us for
assistance. But I object to enlarging the reg-
ular Army, which this bill would do for the
time being, for the purpose of putting down
these outrages.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to aay a word in
reference to the first amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fjcrns-
worth.] I agree with him in the main in the
views he expressed in his speech the other
day. The general propositions and doctrines
which he advanced in relation to the Consti-
tution, and our power under it, met my appro-
bation entirely. Like him, I was opposed to
the bill which was brought in by the commit-
tee, because I thought it gave the power to
the General Government, to Congress, to go
down into the States and legislate for the pun-
ishment of ordinary oflfenses against person
and property. I did not believe, I do not now
believe, that the Constitution, as amended, gives
us any such power. The Constitution origin-
ally left to the State the administration of the
local law, both civil and criminal; all offenses
against person and property were to be pun-
ished by the State authorities.
I do not agree that the fourteenth amend-
ment or any amendment has changed that,
except to this extent: the last clause of the
fourteenth amendment provides that no State
shall deny the equal protection of the laws to
its citizens. Now, in my judgment, that is a
constitutional enactment that each State shall
afford to its citizens the equal protection of
the laws. I cannot agree with several gentle-
men upon my side of the House who insist
that if the State authorities fail to punish crime
committed in the State therefore the United
States may step in and by a law of Congress
provide for punishing that offense; I do not
agree with those gentlemen.
But I do agree that if a State shall deny the
equal protection of the laws, or if a State make
properlaws and have proper officers to enforee
those laws, and somebody undertakes to step
in and clog justice by preventing the State
authorities from carrying out this constitutional
provision, then I do claim that we have the
right to make such interference an offense
against the United States; that the Consti-
tution does empower us to aid in carrying
out this injunction, which, by the Constitution,
we have laid upon the States, that they shall
afford the equal protection of the laws to all
their citizens, when the State has provided
the law, and has provided the officer to carry
out the law, theu we have the right to say that
ahybody who undertakes to interfere and pre-
vent the execution of that State law is amen-
able to this provision of the Constitution, and
to the law that we may make under it declaring
it to be an offense against the United Slates.
It is said by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. FarnswoRth] that people will be in dan-
ger of being punished twice. Sir, this is not
the first instance that there have been concur-
rent penal laws by the United States and by
the States. The Constitution provides for
giving power to Congress to coin money; and
Congress is expressly authorized by the Con-
stitution to punish the counterfeiting of the
coin of the United States. It wasdecided many
years ago in the State of Ohio that a State
law punishing the counterfeiting of coin or the
circulation of counterfeit coin of the United
States was constitutional. The question was
brought up to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, where that judgment was affirmed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Supreme Court
put it upon the ground that it was a separate
offense; that it was an' offense against the
United States, and also against the people of
the State.
Mr. POLAND. I should have said that in
a moment if the gentleman had not inter-
rupted me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon.
Mr. PQLAND. The same decision had been
made in the State of Vermont more than
twenty years before it was made in the State
of Ohio. I understand that to be the settled
law in all the States. There are State laws
against making or passing counterfeit coin,
and under those laws persons are punished for
counterfeiting the coins of the United States,
or passing counterfeits of those coins, just the
same as persons are punished for other spe-
cies of counterfeiting. Now, we have United
States laws against the same offense. I would
like to inquire of my friend from Illinois if he
ever knew any man to be punished twice for
the same act of counterfeiting or the passing
of counterfeit coin?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not remember
that I have.
Mr. POLAND. I do not suppose that any
other gentleman has. I understand that in
the one case the same act is made a crime
against the United States, and, under the State
law, it is made an offense against the State.
Now, I will not hazard any little credit I may
have as a lawyer by saying that a conviction
in one court could be plead technically in bar
in the other court. Whether they are in a
strict sense concurrent or not I will not say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to call his attention to another point?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is in relation
to the same offense, it provides for punish-
ing an obstruction of a State officer in his
attempt to afford protection under a State law.
The State provides for the same thing, for
punishing any resistance to an officer in the
performance of his duty under a State law.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, that is pre-
cisely the same ease as the other. The same
act of counterfeiting, or passing counterfeit
money, is made by the Stale law an offense
against the State, and, by United States law,
an offense against the United States. In this
case there may be State law providing that any
act of interference with an officer of the State
shall be an offense against the State ; and pre-
cisely the same act may be declared by us an
offense against the United States.
Now, I will not take time to discuss whether
the jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts
in such a case is in a strict technical sense con-
current. The ordinary doctrine is that where
two courts have concurrent jurisdiction over
the same subject-matter, whether the case be
civil or criminal, the court which first assumes
jurisdictiongets it, to the exclusion of the other.
Now, it may he true, as my friend says, that
this is not strictly and technically concurrent
jurisdiction; it may be that the assuming of
jurisdiction, or even the carrying out of juris
diction by one court in the form of sentence,
could not technically be pleaded as a bar to
an indictment in a State court or a United
States court, according as the one or the other
may have first proceeded in the matter. But
my friend from Illinois knows, every gentle-
man on the floor at all acquainted with legal
proceedings knows, that practically a trial and
punishment in one court are regarded as a full
end of the law. No court would allow a man
to be tried and punished for an offense for
which be had already been tried and punished
in another court-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But if the offense
be identically the same have we the right to
provide for a second punishment?
Mr. POLAND. 1 believe, Mr. Speaker, I
have said all I desire to say on this subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer an amendment, in
the nature of a substitute for the bill and pend-
ing amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Illinois moved an amendment to
strike out the proviso, on which no action
has been had.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is pend-
ing. The gentleman from Illinois made but
one amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To amend
in two different places.
The SPEAKER. It is competent ft>r him
to do so.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. As the time which
I have already indicated has arrived, I rise
now for the purpose——
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Bingham] is on the floor for the purpose
of offering an amendment.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to know whether
the amendments I have indicated are to be
shut out by the previous question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have given the
utmost latitude consistent with what I deem to
be the instruction of the House, and I desire
now to call for the previous question. If the
House should overrule the demand, and decline
to order the previous question, of course my
responsibility in the matter will be ended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could ad-
mit some amendments without debate. Pos«
sibly both sides could be accommodated in
that way.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If that seems to
he the pleasure of the House, I shall certainly
make no objection. Letamendments be offered
without debate.
The SPEAKER. The House by general
consent can make the previous question apply
to all the amendments that may be admitted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingiiam] offers an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the amend-
ment may be read ; and afterward I desire to
be heard for ten minutes.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following:
That it" two or more persons within any State
or Territory of the United States shall conspire
together to overthrow, or to put down, or to destroy
by force the Government of the United Slates, or
to levy war against the United States, or to oppose
by force the authority of the Government of the
United States, or by torce, intimidation, or threat
to prevent, hinder, or delay tho cxecutiou of any law
of the United States, or by torce to seize, take, or
possess any property ol the United States against
the will and contrary to the aulhoriLy oi t he U mted.
States, or by force, intimidation, or threat to pre-
vent any person from accepting or holding any
oflice or trust or place of coohdenee under the United
States, or from discharging the duties thereof, or by
force, intimidation, or threat to induce any officer
of the United States to leave any State, district, or
place where Ins duties as such oli'icer might lawluily
be performed, or to injure him in his person or prop-
erty on account of Ins lawlul discharge of tho duties
of his office, or by force, intimidation, or threat to
deter any witness in any court of the United States
from testifying in any matter pending in such court
fully, lreely, and truthfully, or to injure any such
witness in his person or property on account of his
having so testified, or by force, intimidation, or
threat to influence the verdict or finding of any juror
in any court of the United States, or to injure such
juror in his person or property on account of any
verdict lawfully assented to by him, orshall conspire
together lor the purpose, either directly or indirectly,
ot depriving any person or any class of persons of
the equal protection of the laws, or of equal priv-
ileges or immunities under the laws, or for the pur-
pose of preventing or hindering the constituted
authorities of any State from giving or securing t^
all persons within such State the equal protection ot
the laws, or to injure any person m his person or
his pioperty for lawfully enforcing the right of any
person or class of persons to the equal protection
of the laws, each and every person so offending
shall be deemed guilty ot a high crimo, and,
upon conviction thereof in any district or circuit
court of the United States or district or supremo
court of any Territory of the United States having
jurisdiction of similar otfenses, shall be punished
by a fine not less than $500 nor more than $5,000, or
by imprisonment, with or without hard labor, as
the court may determine, for a period of not less
than six months nor more than six years, as tho
court may determine, or by both such fine and im-
prisonment, as tho court shall determine. And if
any one oi more persons engaged in such conspiracy,
such as is defined in this section, shall do, or pause
to be done, any act in furtherance of tho object of
such conspiracy, whereby any porson shall be in-
