2T6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. 01? Eeps.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr. Porter
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
county and State, or you will be dealt with accord-
ing to the punishment, of Mr. Huggins of Aberdeen.
You can do as you wish, but my advice to you is,
you had better arrange and leave fast. Your con-
duct is becoming intolerable.
Respectfully, KIT KLUX.
Mr. Stoke.
Let gentlemen deny the statements of' Dem-
ocratic papers, if tliey dare.
If any one will read the four hundred and
twenty-three pages of testimony taken before
the Senate committee he will have horrors
to sup on—whipping, scourging, lacerating,
maiming, hanging, drowning, and murdeHng.
Want of time prevents me from reading from
the report. In giving one murder out of
many, Senator Scott, chairman of the invest-
igating committee, exclaims with righteoui
and eloquent indignation, and I invite the at-
tention of the House to the statement of this
cautious Senator:
"Can the annals of civilization afford a parallel
for that? Talk about the cruelty of the Italian
banditti! Talk about the exploits of the Thugs of
Indial Talk about the horrors of tho Vehmic tri-
bunals of Saxony! Are there any that afford a par-
allel to this? They decreo the murder of the sheriff
of an adjoining county, and at tho same meeting fix
a. barbecue to rejoico over it if it was successful.
Why, sir, take this organization and its object and
tho means of accomplishing it, and it shows one in
comparison with which the bloody code of Draco puts
on the hues of love and mercy. And all this to over-
throw the reconstruction acts and disfranchise the
negro I These are tho purposos."
Hear Hon. John Sherman, while comment-
ing in his place in the Senate on one of the
many outrages committed in North Carolina:
" Mr. President, is not this a specimen of barbar-
ity which cannot, bo equaled in tho records of any
other nation now on tho face of the world, whore a
harmless man teaching a school is taken at tho dead
hour of the night from his own home, from his wife,
cairicd off a mile and a half in tho woods, and there
whipped,and scourged and insultod in this way?
Why, sir, X «o not know where such a thing as this
could occur. 1' am sure that if it may occur without
punishment civilization is a failure, and all your
laws are worth no more than the papor on which
they lire written."
As to the extent and the objects of the Ku
Klux Klan, as developed in the testimony
taken before the committee, let Senator Scott,
the chairman of that committee, speak :
" When X, as the chairman of this committoe, have
boforemo tho sworn evidence of what exists in North
Carolina, when I havo from a witness tho fact that
ho traveled in South Carolina, and that the order
does exist there and extends through tho South;
when I see in tho publio prints accounts of similar
outrages occurring in South Carolina with thoso
sworn to before this eommitteo, I must beliove that
like causes produce like effects; and slow as I am to
boliovo that there is a design to overthrow these
State governments by thoso instrumentalities, that
disagreeable truth is being forced liomo upon every
man. I could not close my eyes to it. and I think it
is my duty hero to give this wamiigjr. If it falls un-
heeded and we find a greater struggle before us in a
few months than we anticipated, it will only bo
repeating the experience of the past."
In addition to the testimony to which I have
referred, derived from various sources, let me
refer to testimony of another character, than
which there can be none more reliable; and
that is the solemn statements of Republican
Representatives from thesouthernStates, made
upon this floor, and made informally to mem-
bers of the House. Some have undertaken
to belittle their representations. But, Mr.
Speaker, if gentlemen will reflect a moment
they will see that every Representative takes
pride in being able to report that his district
and State are peaceful, and that order reigns
therun. Southern Representatives under-
stand that when they can truthfully make such
reports they will stand better here and their
influence be greater. And yet the fact of the
fearful and extensive nature of the outrages at
the South is so patent to southern Represent-
atives that their prejudices in favor of the ex-
istence of safety and order in their respective
districts and States, have necessarily yielded,
and accordingly, in obedience to that duty
which they owe to their constituents and their.
country, have made known the true state of
affairs on all proper occasions.
Take the messages of the Governors of
southern States, from which the gentleman
from New Yoik [Mr. Wood] read a few days
since. Through all the extracts which he gave
any one could see that the prejudices of these
Governors led them unconsciously to make out
their States peaceful and orderly and quiet.
And at that time they, doubtless, were far more
quiet than now.
Now, in regard to this whole plan on the
part of the Democracy of belittling and
denying southern outrages, Mr. Nasby, of
Confederate Cross Roads, in the State of Ken-
tucky, has expressed himself in such admir-
able terras that, instead of offering any fur-
ther views of my own in that direction, I will
ask the Clerk to read his letter upon this
subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
CONFEDERIT + ROADS.
(wieh is in the State uv Kentucky,)
March 12,1871.
The Cornel's hez bin agitatid recently at the report
wich hez bin spred abroad that a committee wuz
agoin to visit us for tho purpose uv investigate the
triilin matter uv the killinuv a few niggers and
northern white men in this part uv Kentucky—the
Corners courts investigashen. She hez alluz bin ez
law-abiding ez cood be expectid under the circum-
stances under wich she hez bin plaoed, and hez no
fears uv any fair inquiry, but for fear that what hez
bin done mite be misunderstood, ef ovidenee shood
be taken by a prejoodist committee, mo and Beekin
Pogram deeided that I shood make uv myself a court
of eggsaminashen, and report precisely the status uv
affairs in this partikeler. Last Toosdy I summoned
the leedin citizens uv the Corners aforo mo in the
backroom uvBascom's and put em thro tho most
sarchin eggsaminashen.
Captin Hugh McPelter wuz the first man eggs-
amined. 1 sworo tho witnesses on a spellin-book,
wich wo capchcred irom the last nigger school-house
wich was burnt last year. I swore em on a spel-
lin-book that the oath mite be more binding. Men
alluz hez a reverence for that wich they can't com-
prehend and lor that uv wich they are ignorant, and
a spellin-book alluzstrikesthe average Cross Itoador
with awe. The Captin statid that no outrages had
bin committod in tho Corners or visinity that he
wuz aware uv. Last fall tho niggers wich hed workt
on his farm, l'ennbaekor's, Dcekin Pogram's, Sut-
ton's, and lssaker Gavitt's, all summer, refoozed to
continyoo work ontil they hed been paid suthin.
They held a meetin to consider wat they shood do,
and liearin uv that meetin ho did organize a party
uv citizens and diddisporse em for the public safety.
In the dispcrsin thirteen uv em wuz accidentally
killed, and on their way liouie tho party did burn
livo cubins which ho understood was inhabited by
niggers.
ISy tho commission, (wich wuz mo.) State how
tho accidental lcillin took place.
Anser. Tho boys hed with cm double-barreled
shot-guns, wich, by a singular coincidence, happened
to bo loaded with ball and buok-shot. They pinted
thorn guns in the direcshun of the niggors ez they
wuz a-runnin from tho meetin-house in which they
was assembled, and they went off. Wo wuz surprised
to see tho thirteen a-layin there shortly after the
vol Icy, with tho tops of their heds blowed off.
Question by the commission, (me.) Tho burnin uv
them five cabins wuz accidental, wuz it?
, Anser. Not so much so. It wuz did partly in a
jocose spent and partly from a sentiment uv pity.
Xbe heads uv families wich dwelt in em hed been
killed in tho afiair at the meetin-house, and ez there
wuznobody to take koeruv them houses but wimmin
and children it wuz considered best that they be
burned; and ez tho wimmin and children wood hev
a hard timo uv it without houses, it wuz considered
humane to put em out uv a cold, unfeelin world, and
they wuz akkordinly knockt on the hed ez thetorch
wuz applied to their dwelling.
Question by the commission. Hev you knowd uv
any violence bein offered to any other residents uv
this vicinity ?
Anser. NonoSmt wat wuz deemed nessary to the
satety uv the community. A stone-mason by the
name of Albrightcomohcro fromlnjiana, and ezhe
took five northern papers weknowdhe wuzacarpet-
bagger wich gloated over the misforehoons uv the
sunny South. We warned him to leave, but hestub-
bornly reioosed; whereupon some uv the boys put
on masks one nite, and took hira out of his house
and hung him. lie was a long a-kickin, and his
struggles was so amuzin that the boys felt amply re-
paid lor the .trouble they hed bin to. The samenite
they bustedin thefront uv Pollock's store, and wood
hev hung Pollock hed not that onreasonable man
appeared at a second-story window with Joe Bigler.
both uv em hevm revolvers in their hands.
Deekm Pogram wuz the next examined.
lied not been aware that there hed bin any per-
tikeier disturbance m this visinity. It was troo that
lssaker Gavitt and some others uv the young men
hed at times, in a jolly mood, put on masks-and
mounted their horses, and to protect theirselves hed
taken sich rifles, and shot-guns, and revolvers, and
knives, and axes ez they hed handy, and hed made
it lively fur the niggers up toward Garrettstown.
but nothin more that he knowd uv.
Question by the. commission. Hev you bin aware
uv any manifestashen uv a desire to yooso violence
toward niggers or northern men ?
Anser. Bless yoor sole, no. Last fall three nig-
gers did attempt to vote afore Joe Bigler got to the
polls, and uv course we didn't stand that. Xt wuz
an insult to southern blood wieh we eoodent endoor
and they wuz promptly knoekt down. One uv em
hit back, and the three wuz immejitly pounded over
the head with fence-stakes. I believe one uv em
died on the spot; another in perhaps half an hour,
and totherinthe aftenoon, but it wuz agreed that
itwuzn'tthe pounding that killed em, but thein-
flamashen that sot in afterward. Amos Dibble, a
Connecticut Yankee, offered his vote at the same
election, and ho wuz also pounded with a hickory
club, and ho likewise died. It is possible that others
wood hev bin pounded similar hed not Joe Bigler
and Pollock come up just at that time.
Question by the commission. To wat do yoo asscribe
the blame for these irregularities ?
Anser. There can't be no doubt ez to where tho
blame ought to rest. The niggers hev got an insane
idea into em that they aro leely citizens by virtoo
uv the fifteenth amendment, notwithstanding the
fact that every justis uv the peace in Kentucky has
declared it unconstooshnol, and consekently void
and uv no effect. They bleeve they hev rites as
citizens, and they won't be managed cz they \ oosed
to be. They insist on bein paid for labor, wich alluz
irritates the southern mind, and they insist upon
continyooally insultin us by offerin their votes, wieh
ain't to be tolerated for a minit. Ef they would
quietly resoom their normal posishen, and let us root
om ez we yoost to, X ashoor yoo there wooden't be no
trouble watever. Ez to the Northerners, thev are
really at the bottom uvthe wlftle trouble. They
come down here and buy land, and try to build
factrys, and set tho niggers wild by hirin uv ein, and
payin uv em, and they take incendiary periodicals,
and do their level best to dishorganize things gen-
erally, and wo can't havo no peece so long ez they
aro permitted to bo here. In all that hez been done
our people have acted in self-defense.
lssaker Gavitt was eggsamined.
Didn't know what all this fuss wuz about, lied
helped to skeer tho niggers—he likod it. lie wuz very
tond uv dressin hisselt in a mask, and loadin up his
shot-gun, and goin out with tho boys and skeeriu
uv em. He shot half a dozen uv em—it was better
sport than fox-huntin, coz niggers couldn't dodge
into holes and get out uv way as foxes cood. He
knowed uv nothin so laffable ez to see a nigger
squirinin on the ground with a charge uv buck-shot
into him, exceptin ono time, when the boys tarred
one uv em and sot the tar on fire. Lord, how tho
cuss run till the burnin tar yoosed him up 1 lied ho
been on able-bodied nigger he wood b ave run furder,
and made more amoozment for us. Things wuz comin
to aperty pass when a southern gentleman eoodn't
amooze hisself without hevin Federal sodgers sent
after him.
At this pint I closed the investigashen.
It will be seen that the peoplo uv the Corners hev
conducted theirselves ez near like law-abidin citi-
zens ez cood be oxpected under the circumstances,
-there hez bm wat mito be called violence, but it
will be observed that in all eases it wuz either
made necessary by the aekshen uv the niggers or
-Northerhers, or wuz tho bilin over uv that exhuber-
ant humor uv wich the Southerners hev so great a
muchness uv. But in dispito uv this fact, wich is
evident and palpable, I spose these triflin irregular-
ities^ will be made the pretext for sendin Federal
soldiers among us 1 I sposo there will be a company
uv Federal cavalry stashened at the Corners, wich
will compel our citizens to koep their hands off theso
degraded bems, and the still worse Northerners, and
to treat them ez tho they wuz our ekals.
(rood Hevens! Are we livin in a Republic or
under an Old World despotism ? Are we free men,
or are we Rooshen serfs? When X think uv theso
things I rcely tremble forpopler government.
PETROLEUM V. NASBY,
(wieh wuz postmaster.)
Mr. PQRTER. While I approve of the
principle of this bill, still I think it can be im-
proved by amendment. I have not time to
enter upon a discussion of the bill. I will
simply say that while it is intended to reach
these "southern outrages," there is yet an-
other class of outrages which it does not
reach at all, and is not intended to reach. I
refer to outrages committed under the forms
of law, and especially in the courts of States
which are in the hands of the Democratic
party. The whole object of this Ku Klux or-
ganization is, in these southern States in which
the Republicans are now in the political as-
cendency, to break down their political power
by intimidating, and killing Republican voterSj
