1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
jured in his person orproperty, or deprived of hav-
ing and exercising any right or privilege of a citizen
of the United States, the person so injured or de-
prived of such rights and privileges may have and
maintain an action for the recovery of damages
occasioned by such injury or deprivation of rights
and privileges against any one or more of the per-
sons engaged in such conspiracy, such action to be
prosecuted in the proper district or circuit court of
the United States, with and subject to the same
rights of appeal, review upon error, and other rem-
edies provided in like cases in such courtsunder the
provisions of the act of April 9, 1866. entitled ** An
act to protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights, and to furnish the means lor their
vindication "
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful
combinations, or conspiracies, in any State shall so
far obstruct or hinder the execution of the laws
thereof, and of the United States, as to deprive any
portion or class of the people of such State of any
of the rights, privileges, or immunities named in
and secured by this act, and the constituted authori-
ties of such State shall either be unable to protect
or shall, from any cause, fail in or refuse protection
of the people in such rights, and shall fail or neg-
lect, through the proper authorities, to apply to the
President of the United States for aid in that be-
half, such facts shall be deemed a denial by such
State of the equal protection of the laws to which
they are entitled under the Constitution of the
United Stares; and iu all such cases itshall be law-
ful for the President, and it shall be his duty, to take
such measures, by the employment of the militia or
the land and naval forces of the United States, or
of cither, or by other means, as he inay deem neces-
sary for the suppression of such insurrection, domes-
tic violence, or combinations; and any person who
shall be arrested under the provisions of this and
the preceding section shall be delivered to the mar-
shal of the proper district, to be dealt with according
to law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That wheneverin
any State or part of a State the unlawful combina-
tions named in the preceding section of this act shall
he organized und armed, andso numerous and power-
ful as to be able, by violence, to either overthrow or
set at defiance the constituted authorities of such
State, and of the United States within such State, or
when the constituted authorities are in complicity
with, orshnll connive at the unlawful purposes of,
such powerful and armed combinations; and when-
ever, by reason of either or all of the causes aforesaid,
the conviction of such offenders andthe preservation
of the public safety shall become in such district
impracticable, in every such case such combinations
shall bo deemed a rebellion against the Government
of the United States, and during the continuance of
such rebellion, and within the limits of the district
which shall be so under the sway thereof, such lim-
its to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall bo
lawful for the President of the United States, when
in his judgment the public safety shall require it, to
call out the militia of any State or States, or any
part thereof, and to employ such portion ot the land
and naval forces of the United States as he may
deem necessary for the suppression of such rebel-
lion: Provided, That the President shall first have
made proclamation, as now provided by law, com-
manding such insurgents to uispeise; And provided
aleo, That the provisions of this seo.fion shall not be
in foreo after the 1st day of June, A. D. 1872.
Sec. l And be it further enacted. That nothing
heiein contained shall bo construed to supersede or
repeal any former act or law, except so far as the
same may be repugnant thereto: and any offenses
heretofore committed against the tenor of any
former act shall be prosecuted, and any proceeding
already commenced for the prosecution thereof shall
be continued and completed, the same as if this act
had not been passed, exccpt so far as the provisions
of this act, may go to sustain and validate such pro-
ceedings.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any person
who, undor color of any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, custom, or usage of any State, shall
wrongfully subject, or cause to be subjected, any
person within the jurisdiction of the United States
to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or im-
munities secured by the Constitution of the United
States, shall, any such law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, custom, or usage of the State to the contrary
notwithstanding, be liable to the party injured in
any action at law, suit in equity, or other proper
proceeding for redress; such proceeding to be prose-
cuted in the several district or circuit courts of the
United States.with and subject to the same rights
of appeal, review upon error, and other remedies
provided in like eases m such courts, under the pro-
visions of the act of the 9th of April, 1866, entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means of
their vindication," and the other remedial laws of
the United States which are in their nature appli-
cable to all such cases.
During the reading of the above substitute,
Mr. SHELLABARGERsaid: Mr. Speaker,
I rise for the purpose of suggesting a point of
order. My point of order is this; is it compe-
tent to offer a substitute for the bill before the
House when the question before the House is
an amendment to the bill, which amendment
does not affect the first section of the bill? In
other words, must not the amendment be in the
second degree confined to the subject-matter
of the amendment itself?
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will wait
till my amendment is read he will find that it
does affect the first section.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is ray point.
The SPEAKER. It is entirely in order to
move a substitute. Amendments to the ori-
ginal bill will take precedence of substitutes,
and this will be voted on last.
The reading of the amendment was then
concluded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the'indulgence of
the House to be permitted to speak for ten
minutes in support of this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desired
also to be heard, but was shut out. I object.
The SPEAKER. Tbe question is first on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] The Clerk will
report it.
The Clerk read as follows :
In line thirty, page 2, after the word " of" insort
the words " the United States within," so that it will
read "for the purpose of preventing or hindering
the constituted authorities of the United States
within any State from giving or securing to all per-
sons within such State the equal protection of the
laws," &g. t
Also, strike out the proviso at the end of the third
section, which is as follows:
Provided, That the President of the United States
be, and ho is hereby, authorized, if in his judgment
it should be deemed expedient, to direct voluntary
enlistments of any of the militia of the United States
in lieu of all or any part of the force herein author-
ized to bo employed for the purposes aforesaid, for a
term of sorvice not exceeding thirty days after the
final adjournment of the next session of Congress.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Can we not have
a separate vote on the two propositions ?
The SPEAKER. Not except by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw the
first part of the amendment, leaving merely
the proposition to strike out the proviso of the
third section, which provides that the Presi-
dent may direct voluntary enlistments of the
militia.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
precisely the Jaw of 1794.
Mr. FARNSWOR I?H. I object to debate.
The question being put on Mr. Farns-
worth's amendment to strikeout the proviso,
there were—ayes 110, noes 78.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas }1G, nays 80, not
voting 25 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler. Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin
Blair, Braxton. Bright, James Brooks, 33urchard,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Conger, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dawe^.Uonnan,
Halsey, Handley, Hanks, Harper. George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Hay. Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Hol-
man, Kendall, Kerr, Keichain, King, Kinsella,Lam-
ison. Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland,
McCormiek, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Me-
Neely, Merrick, Benjamin P. Meyer?. Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Eli
Perry, Poland, Potter, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Bice, Ritchie,William It. Roberts. Robinson, Itogers>,
Roosevelt, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slo-
eum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith,
11. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Suther-
land, Swann, Sypher, Terry, Van Tramp, Vaaorhan,
Voorheos. Waddcll, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—116.
NAYS — Messrs. Averill, Bank*?, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bigby, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bufhn-
ton, Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cot-
ton, Creely, I)e Large, Dickey, Eames, Elliott,
Charles Foster, Goodrich. Harmer, Havens, Haw-
ley, Gerry W. Iiazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hoar,
Keiley, Killinger. Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, May-
nard, MeCrary, McGrew, MeJnnkin, MoKee, Mcr-
cur,Merriam, Monroe, Leonaul Myers, Negley, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,-Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Porter,
Prindle, Rainey, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk,  Sawyer,
Scofield. Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, Snyder, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stowell, St. John, Tafie, Thomas, Tur-
ner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakom&n, Walden,
Waldron. Wallace, Wails, Washburn, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son—86.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, James G. Blair,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Darrall, Duell,
Dunnell, Harwell, Haldoman, Hambleton, Hays,
Hooper,Lynch,Morey. Morphis, Peters,Price, Ran-
dall, Read, Thomas J. Speer, Dwigbt Townsend,
Washington Townsend, Tuthill, and John T. Wil-
son—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. MAYNARD. ^ I beg to state that Mr.
Cobb of North Carolina is detained from the
House by continued illness 5 and he desires
this to be stated as the reason why he is not
present.
Mr. AVERILL. My colleague, Mr. Dun-
nell, is sick, and has paired with Mr. Price
of Georgia. If he were.here, Mr. Dunnell
would vote " no."
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague, Mr. Town-
send, is paired with my other colleague, Mr.
Randall. If they had been here, Mr, Town-
send, would probably have voted "no," and
Mr. Randall "ay."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The pair announced by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania applies only
to this vote—the vote which has just been
taken.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I desire to state
that I am paired with Mr. Tuthill of New
York on this bill and the amendments to it,
for this week only. 1 do not say how I would
vote on the amendments. On some I might
vote with that gentleman.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr, SHELLABARGER. I now desire to
call the previous question. But before doing
so I yield to several gentlemen, who have
amendments to offer, which I am willing shall
be considered as pending.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Insert after the word "overthrown," in line twenty,
section four, the following:
Provided, That all the provisions of the second
section of an act entitled " An act relating to habean
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," appioved March 3, 1863, which relate to
the discharge of prisoners other than prisoners of
war, and to the penalty for refusing to obey the
order of the court, shall be in full force so far as the
same are applicable to the provisions of this section.
TheSPEAKEK. The amendment will be
considered as pending.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amendthe amend-
ment to the bill by striking out the following
from the fourth section :
And during tlm continuance of such rebellion,
and within the limits of the district which shall bo
so under the sway thereof, such limits to be prescribed
by proclamation, itshall be lawful for the President
of the United States, when in his judgmentthe pub-
lic safety shall require it. to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus, to the end that such rebellion may be
overthrown: Provided, That the President shall first
have made proclamation, as now provided bylaw,
commanding such insurgents to disperse: AnU pro-
vided alxo. That the provisions of this section shall
not be in force after the 1st day of June, A. D. 1872.
The SPEAKER. That will be considered
as pending.
Mr. MONROE. I move to amend section
two of the amendment by inserting after the
words "shall conspire together" the words
"or go in disguise upon the public highway,
or upon the premises of another;" so that
portion will read:
Or shall conspire together, or go in disguise upon
the publichighway, or upon the promises of another,
for the purpose, either directly or indirectly, of de-
priving any person or any class of persons of tbe
equal protection of the laws, or of equal privileges
or immunities under the laws, or for the purpose of
preventing or hindering the constituted authorities
of any State from giving or securing to all persons
within such State the e^ual protection of the laws,
or to injure any person m his person or his property
for lawfully enforcing the right of any person or
class of persons to the equal protection of the laws,
each and every person so offending shall be deemed
guilty.
The SPEAKER- That amendment will also
be regarded as pending.
