1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Con®.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr. Porter.
Ho. of Reps.
and when the Democratic party shall have
obtained political power this open violence
■will cease, and then will begin other outrages
through the courts, which will be under their
control.
The reason the loyal people of Virginia are
now free from Ku Klux violence, is because
the judiciary, the Executive, and the Legisla-
ture are in the hands of the Democratic party.
The outrages committed upon loyal men there
are undertheforms of law. Itcan be summed
up in one word : loyal men cannot obtain jus-
tice in the courts, or from the Legislature or
the Executive of Virginia. And the same is
true of Kentucky; but Kentucky, unlike Vir-
ginia, is not satisfied with oppressing her loyal
citizens through the machinery of her State
government, but has her Ku Klux organiza-
tion, as has already been shown in the course
of these remarks.
I would like to see a bill pass that would
reach not only the Ku Klux outrages, but the
other outrages, the legalized outrages, that are
perpetrated in Virginia and Kentucky, and
which will be committed in all of the southern
States if they should pass under the control
of the Democratic party. I hope we will fix
this thing now. It is too often that we are
called upon to reconstruct; and the reason is
that Congress did not reconstruct right in the
first instance, and has never reconstructed
right in any of its amendatory laws. The
reconstruction acts of Congress have never
been sufficiently pronounced in favor of loy-
alty and against disloyalty. They have oper-
ated just far enough, however, against the
disloyal element to keep up and increase its
irritation, hatred, and persecution of the loyal
population, without affording adequate protec-
tion to the loyal people of the South. I trust
we may finish the job this time, once for all.
In my humble judgment, to stop with this Ku
Klux bill, will not close the business. ,
Our opponents in the South often ask,
"How is it to be expected that we will be
satisfied with the reconstruction laws of Con-
gress when Congress cannot make a law to
suit itself?'' There is much plausibility in
that. We can, however, make a law, if we
will only stand up to what is right and stand
up firmly, that will not have to be amended
every session. It is best that we should do
this now ; for when the time shall come, as it
soon will, that we will have to amend this law
or pass an additional one. how do we know
that we could get a majority of this House to
vote in that direction ?
We should recollect that from the 4th until
the 23d day of March it was impossible to mus-
ter a majority here who would lift their little
finger in behalf of the oppressed Union men
of the South. It was only when a brief mes-
sage was read from that desk (and I give all
praise to the head and heart that prompted it)
that a majority could be found in this House
willing to stay here long enough to endeavor
to devise some legislation for the protection
of the loyal citizens of the South, from whip-
ping, scourging, murder, aud every conceiv-
able outrage. It is therefore all-important that
we should complete the work now.
If Congress would so legislate, in addition
to the proposed Ku Klux legislation, that loyal
men could have the privilege of having their
causes, civil and criminal, tried in the Federal
courts, the whole ground of reconstruction
would, I think, be covered.
In my judgment, there is no difficulty under
the Constitution, without the recent amend-
ments, in passing laws which will meet this
whole emergency; but even if this were not
true, there is the fourteenth amendment,
which provides that no State shall "deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws." When a class of
citizens of the United States are systemat-
ically outraged, even unto death, because of
their political faith, and the State in which
they reside is either unable or unwilling to
suppress the outrages, it seems to me very
clear that such State has denied to this class
the "equal protection of the laws," and it
becomes the duty of Congress, under the
amendment, to afford such protection.
All over the South, is flowing the blood of
men who have committed no crime save that
they have adhered to Congress and the recon-
struction policy of the Government. Will you
tell me that in this great Constitution, which
has stood the strain of the fearful war whose
red waves have as it were just closed over the
land, will you tell me that in this great chart
there is no power to protect citizens of the
United States? If that be the case, then tear
up the instrument, for it is unworthy a free
people. But, no; that instrument is full and
complete. It involves no mysteries; its pro-
visions are open and plain for the protection
of the humblest citizen in the land. And are
not such citizens the class who ought to be
protected, if anything, to a greater extent
than others ? Rich men can take care of them-
selves ; rich men can buy the security of their
rights; and although I would not see one guar-
antee in their favor stricken from our laws,
yet, if I had to make my choice upon which
class the guarantees of the law should be con-
tinued or conferred, I would say, let them be
secured to the poor, the lowly, and the op-
pressed, because they have nothing to buoy
them up, they have nothing to sustain them in
the battle of life, save the guarantees of the
law and their faithful observance.
Mr. Speaker, when we can rise to the full
dignity of the occasion, when we can have
hearts to feel and heads to understand that the
humblest and the lowliest citizen must be pro-
tected, then, and not till then, shall we be able
to comprehend, in all its fullness, the grand
aud matchless language of Hooker, where he
says, " Of law no less can be acknowledged,
than that its seat is the bosom of God, its voice
the harmony of the world. All things in
heaven and earth do it homage, the very least
as feeling its care, and the greatest as not
exempted from its power."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope that this House
will complete, not only the work of protec-
tion, but, as connected with it, the work of
amnesty. Let us carry in one hand, protection
for the loyal citizens of the South and in the
other hand, amnesty for the other class of cit-
izens. If a bill for universal amnesty follow-
ing immediately the passage of a bill securing
full and adequate protection to all citizens,
is presented here, 1 will sustain it heart and
hand, and will be willing to remain here as
long as may be necessary to accomplish the
purpose.
I do not undertake to speak for anybody
else ; but I think I should not be venturing too
far, if I should express the opinion that the
Republican members on this floor, from the
North as well as from the South, would, with
only a few exceptions, be willing to go for uni-
versal amnesty following a bill which should
confer full and complete protection upon the
loyal citizens of the country. But we cannot
talk about amnesty, while protection is with-
held, and obstacles constantly thrown in its
way.
It would not answer to grant amnesty first,
which seems to be the unconditional demand
of gentlemen on the other side and some on this
side, for were we to pass a bill removing the
disabilities of all persons as imposed by the
fourteenth amendment we would find these
outrages increasing all over the South. Indeed
I believe they have already increased, in conse-
quence of what I must characterize, but with no
disrespect to any one, as our weakness in this
direction. But I can see no weakness what-
ever in granting universal amnesty if it shall
be preceded by, or coupled with, an act of pro-
tection to the loyal people of the South.
appendix.
The following is the letter of the correspond-
ent of the New York Tribune, referred to by
Mr. Porter in his speech:
' Jackson, Mississippi,
March 18, 1871.
Whatever impressions may have existed to
the contrary, it is certain that since the advent
of J. L. Alcorn to the gubernatorial chair the
state of affairs in Mississippi has been gradu-
ally growing from bad to worse. Seeking
apparently to propitiate the rebel Democracy,
by giving them the best offices in the State,
he has succeeded only in obtaining their united
support in opposing the measures of the Re-
publican party, while he has engendered the
distrust and suspicion of those to whom he
owes his elevation. Succeeding thus in pleas-
ing none except those who are pleased to see
him at open war with the Republicans, his
government has gradually come to be treated
with contempt by all. No effort to suppress
lawlessness, save an occasional proclamation,
being apparent, such deeds have increased
from month to month, until the coudition has
become appalling. As it has become grad-
ually evident to all that the Governor was dis-
posed to turn his back on the Radicals, so as
to take advantage of an anticipated reaction,
the well-known hatred for Radicals in general
has assumed a more virulent shape. Taught
from the executive mansion that northern Re-
publicans were "carpet-baggers and thieves,"
it followed that all must unite to wipe them
out. Ku Klnx societies, that had at least been
held in abeyance under General Ames, have
been again organized in almost every locality,
and with their reorganization has come out-
rage after outrage, gradually becoming more
and more terrible in their nature, until in
many of the counties there is absolutely no
safety for life or property. It may safely be
said that from this terrible condition of affairs
has come the violent death of nearly or quite
one hundred personswithin thelastsixmontlis.
Very many of these have been assassinated in
cold blood by masked and hooded Democrats.
THE XEGBO THE VICTIM BECAUSE REPUBLICAN.
While there are comparatively few sections
of the State in which more or Jess of lawless-
ness does not exist, it is in the counties bor-
dering on Alabama that; the Ku Klux organiza-
tions hold an almost absolute sway. In many
of these districts murder of State officials and
prominent Republicans, white and black, and
other outrages, have inaugurated a perfect
reign of terror. These desperadoes have their
headquarters apparently in Alabama, but they
have thoroughly organized departments in the
bordering counties of Mississippi. Into these
counties they make their raids, commit out-
rages, and come and go with perfect impunity.
Their purpose seems to be, by murders and
outrages upon leading Republicans and State
officials and intimidation of the blacks, to ob-
tain political ascendency and reduce the negro
"to his proper level." They calculate much
upon the growing bitterness between Governor
Alcorn and the Radicals in obtaining an ti- Rad -
ical appointees in place of those they have com-
pelled to retire. The better class of citizens
at least give their encouragement to this suite
of affairs through want of the moral courage
to unite in frowning it down. It cannot be
denied, too, that to a great extent it appeals
to their sympathies through their prejudices
against the Radicals, and more particularly to
their hatre,d of the political equality of the
