218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. os Reps.
Ku Klux Legislation—Mr. Porter.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
blacks. Here, in fact, is the key to most
of these so-called riots, in which, however,
the killed are generally found to be the blacks.
The unswerving allegiance of the negro to the
Republican party makes him an object of bit-
ter political hatred. This feeling sedulously
worked upon, as it  is worked upon almost
constantly by the desperadoes that more or less
abound in most southern towns, and who, in-
comprehensible as it may seem, make public
opinion, culminates at times in those acts of
frenzied violence and bloodshed that startle
and horrify the whole community.
It has frequently been said that Mayor Stur-
ges made himself obnoxious to the people
while he was at the head of the government
of the city of Meridian. There seems, in fact,
to have been no earthly reason for his having
been so terribly obnoxious to the people save
that he was an ardent Republican, and as such
used his position, as far as possible, to guard
and protect the blacks in obtaining even-handed
justice. Nor in this does there seem to be the
slightest reason for accusing him of partiality
in their behalf. He is represented as quiet and
fentlemanly, but very determined in character.
le would interfere in person and arrest men
of whom his policemen stood in dread. About
three years ago lie came from Connecticut and
settled in Meridian, where he has two brothers
living. He held his position as mayor under
General Ames, which is probably one of the
causes of his being so obnoxious. One of his
brothers, I believe, was an officer of some prom-
inence in the confederate army. All three were
partners in what was known as the Sturges
store, kept by the mayor. From his determined
character in enforcing arrests and protecting
the negroes, he incurred the bitter enmity of
all the roughs in the town and vicinity.
THE DESPERADOES FROM ALABAMA.
The mayor seems, however, to have got along
tolerably well in the community until within
the last two months. The causes that led to
the late terrible massacre may be said to have
their immediate origin about that time. Jt
was then that the Alabama Ku Klux began to
make their forays into Meridian and commit
outrages upon the blacks that became finally
beyond endurance. About this time there
appeared in Meridian a colored man from Liv-
ingston, Alabama, lie seems to have been but
a miserable renegade, and to have been the tool
of a gang of Ku Klux. lie cams to Merid-
ian, claiming to be a deputy sheriff from Liv-
ingston, in search of a colored fugitive from
justice. Following in his train was a couple
of white desperadoes. It was claimed the col-
ored man sought for was a runaway murderer.
This may or limy not have been the case, lie
is represented by the blacks, however, to have
been simply one of the hundreds of their color
that, under the new order of things in Ala-
bama, had lied over the border as they are now
fleeing in turn from Meridian.
It was understood, in fact, that these men
were on a hunt for runaways of this nature.
Be this as it may, this so called deputy sheriff
had, or pretended to have, writs in his posses-
sion for the arrest of this and several other
blacks, but not from the authorities in Missis-
sippi. He had imposed on the credulity of a
colored policeman in Meridian, backed as lie
was by assurances of citizens that it was all
right. The runaway negro, striving to escape,
was shot in the hip, but was taken in charge
by these Alabama gentry and carried off into
that State. About a week later the same col-
ored officer or Ku Klux emissary, as the ease
may be, made his appearance the second time.
On this occasion he was accompanied by a
posse of some half dozen desperate, villainous-
looking whites, all armed to the teeth, and all
on a hunt, as it seemed, for runaway blacks.
Not finding their men, the whites left on the
evening train for home, leaving the colored
deputy to prosecute the search. At night he
repaired to the house of one Tom Edwards to
lodge. Daring the night the house was sur-
rounded, as it seems, by a crowd of indignant
blacks, who took the colored deputy out and,
no doubt, handled him pretty roughly. The
deputy claimed that he recognized as leader
of the party a white man named Price. Price
indignantly denies all knowledge of the affair.
The colored deputy from Alabama, however,
swore outa warrantforthe arrest of Price, and,
as Price was a teacher in a colored school, it
may readily be seen on which side public
opinion inclined. Price was held over for trial.
Mayor Sturges, finding the current setting
heavily against Price, took a strong interest in
his behalf, At his urgent request, his own
brother became surety for Price's appearance.
This is one of the acts of the mayor that made
him obnoxious to the people. On the day set
for the hearing of Price, the colored deputy
from Alabama came into town with an armed
crowd of twenty or twenty-five white despe-
radoes. All were armed with pistols and double-
barreled shot-guns. These men patrolled about
town, swaggering, blustering, and swearing,
and wanted to get hold of Price. While thus
hunting the town they came across three blacks
from Alabama known to the party. The negroes
were pou need upon, taken to the railroad depot,
tied, and most terribly whipped, and, although
scarcely able to stand, they were put under a
guard until evening, when they were placed on
the train and carried off to Alabama, and, as
believed, to their death as well. All this time
there was no interference on the part of the
citizens, and the sheriff, when appealed to by
leading blacks, confessed himself powerless in
the premises.
THE MEETING OF COLORED CITIZENS.
The excitement being at fever heat and riot
in prospect, the mayor postponed the trial of
Price for one week. As the day of trial again
approached, having reason to fear the advent
of a still larger force of Alabama desperadoes,
more or less of whom were in town every night
threatening and intimidating the blacks, the
mayor sent to Jackson for a force of United
States troops. If these troops had not arrived
there is certainly abundant reason to believe
that a bloody riot would have taken place.
Price was discharged, the troops returned to
Jackson, and the threatened outbreak for the
time blew over. Though the Ku Klux for the
time were partially intimidated, the blacks
seem to have been in a state of great alarm.
The more reckless of their number may have
been somewhat indiscreet in their remarks at
times, but there is at least abundant proof that
even these were in fear of violence. The
colored man, WarneTyler, for instance, repre-
sented as such a reckless desperado, at this
very time, though engaged in teaching a school,
was actually lying out at nights through fear
of being caught in his bed. Very naturally,
he went well armed.
This fear, however, on the part of the blacks
was occasioned almost wholly by the Alabama
Ku Klux and a crowd of reckless drinking
characters in and about Meridian. This feel-
ing of alarm finally led to a public meeting
of the blacks, called at the court-house by
consent of the sheriff, on Saturday, the 4th of
March. The meeting of the blacks was called
by Aaron Moore, a member of the Legislature
and a minister of the Gospel, and by Warne
Tyler. It was called, as all admit, for the pur-
pose of having a public discussion of the situa-
tion. It has been asserted that at this meeting
the most incendiary language was used. Afcer
having patiently examined a dozen or more
who were present, I find that some things were
said which might in the feverish state of the
public mind be misconstrued; but there was
not the least intention manifest on the part of
the blacks of seeking to foment a disturbance.
On the contrary, their chief solicitude seemed
to be that they might take some measures to
avert all trouble and insure future protection.
The chief objections on the part of the whites
were to the speeches of Warne Tyler and Wil-
liam Dennis, or Clopton, as he was sometimes
called. Warne Tyler seems to have been quite
a character in his way; was, 1 believe, raised
in the immediate vicinity, had some education,
and was, at the time, principal of a large col-
ored school. He was known as a man who,
while inclined to mind his own business, was
very bold, outspoken, and determined. He
was consequently a powerful leader among the
blacks.
In his remarks on this occasion he made a
characteristic speech ; spoke strongly, as the
occasion warranted, of the raids of the Ku
Klux from Alabama and their outrages upon
his people, and alluded to his being then
obliged to remain out at night for fear of vio-
lence at their hands. While he was prepared
for himself to defend his life at all hazards,
and to "smash the mouth of any man who
insulted" him, he at the same time advised
joint action on their'part with the whites in
stopping the raids from Alabama. This was
the substance of his speech, and no objections
were made to it at the time. William Dennis,
or Clopton, spoke in a somewhat similar strain,
referring to the number of colored men killed
and to the fact that gangs had been about his
house for him. He also, however, called on
the whites to join them in some measures tor
their protection. He was followed by Aaron
Moore, member of the Mississippi bouse of
representatives, with what all admit to be a
most conciliatory speech. After this the meet-
ing broke up, and some of the blacks, as cus-
tomary with them, under the leadership of
William Dennis, marched about for a time
with a drum and fife. Perhaps it was aggra-
vating at the time, as it was of course unneces-
sary and uncalled-for, but it was at least an
innocent amusement.
BURNING THE MAYOR'S STORE.
On Saturday night, a little after dark, the
store of Mayor Sturges Was discovered to be
in flames. It is asserted by the citizens of
Meridian that it was fired by incendiaries among
the blacks, who thus sought to wreak then-
vengeance on the "rebel Democracy" by
burning them out. This is, however, too ridic-
ulous a theory to be entertained for a moment.
Mayor Sturges was the best friend they had
in the town, and if the blacks thus sought
revenge, they would scarcely have begun the
work of destruction in the house of their tried
and trusted friend. Another story equally
ridiculous is that it was fired by the orders of
the mayor himself; that it was heavily insured,
and that the goods were partially removed. By
far the most probable theory is that it was fired
by some of the desperate characters by whom
the town was infested, and the wholeof whom,
as was well known, had a feeling of hostility
to the mayor. Such characters, too, would
have the double incentive of revenge and
plunder. The most that is positively known,
however, is that the fire was first discovered
apparently in the upper story of the Sturges
store. From this it soon spread until it con-
sumed the entire block. The blacks turned
out promptly and worked liked beavers, doing,
in fact, about all the work that was done.
It was at this fire that terribly incendiary lan-
guage is said to have been used by William
Dennis or Clopton, and for which he paid with
his life. He is said to have marched around
thanking God the rebel property was burning,
and praying that the flames would consume
every building in the city. The worst of the
case with him seems to have been that he was
