516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
Sec.— And be it further enacted, That no person
shall be a grand or pe'it juror in any court of the
United States upon any inquiry, hearing, or trial of
any suit, proceeding, or prosecution based upon the
provisions of this act who shall, in the judgment of
the court, be in complicity with any such combina-
tion or conspiracy; and every such juror shall, be-
fore entering upon any such inquiry, hearing, or
trial, take and subscribe an oath in open court that
he has never, directly or indirectly, counseled, ad-
vised, or voluntarily aided any such combination or
conspiracy; and each and every person who shall
take this oath, and shall therein swear falsely,shall
be guilty of perjury, and shall be subject to the pains
and penalties declared against that crime; and that
the act entitled "An act defining additional oauses
of challenge and prescribing an additional oath for
grand and petit jurors in the United States courts,"
approved June 17,18G2, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
third section.
The third section, as amended, was as fol-
lows :
Sec. 3. That in all cases where insurrection, domes-
tic violence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
in any State shall so far obstructor hinder the exe-
cution of the laws thereof, and of the United States,
as to deprive any portion or class of the people of
such State of any of the rights, privileges, or immun-
ities named in and secured by this act,and the con-
stituted authorities of such State shall either be un-
able to protect, or shall, from any cause, fail in or
refuse protection of the people in such rights, and
shall fail or neglect, through tho proper authorities,
to apply to the President ot the United States for aid
in that behalf, such lacts shall be deemed a denial
by such State of tho equal protection of the laws to
which they are entitled under tho Constitution of
the United States; arid in all such cases it shall be
lawful for the Ptesident, and it shall be his duty, tu
take such raensuies, by the employmentof tho mili-
tia or tuo land and naval forcesof tho United States,
or of either,or by othcrmeansashetnaydeemneces-
sary for tho suppression of such insurrection, domes-
tic violence, or combinations; and any person who
shall bo arrested under the provisions of this and the
preceding section shall bo dolivored to the marshal
of the proper district to bo dealt with according to
law.
The SPEAKER. These various amend-
ments will be considered as pending.
Mr. SHELLABAUGiiH. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main quest,ion ordered.
Mr. SllliLLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
desire, in closing this debate, to say to the
House a lew things touching the state of the
Republic that i did not allude to in opening
because I had not time; but it is that which
has kept u« here and that prompts the effort
to pass this bill. They who oppose this meas-
ure, and deny the existence of any exigency
demanding it, say the public and personal
safely is admirable. On the other side what
is believed and what impels oar action is most
sparingly expressed by the message, when it
says that in certain States the collection of
the revenues of the United States is not safe,
and the inability of such States to protect the
people without doubt.
Nosv, sir, about this precisely opposite claim,
touching a matter so momentous as the safety
of the Government and'its people, what is the
truth ? fs a fact like that one so little in its
dimensions that men cannot see it? May a
vast Republic be penetrated and pervaded by
banded, organized, armed, and active mis
chief—mischief approximating to war in its
force, approaching treason in us purposes, and
executing much murder in its progress—and
yet the stupendous fact be a concealed one,
about whose very existence the Congress of
the Republic-shall be for weeks convulsed with
honest debate? Mr, Speaker, this strange
question I must auswer, under the rules of
(he House, "yes;" because did I say -'no" I
would attribute dishonesty to one or the other
party in this debate, for they aver things pre-
cisely opposite touching this strange issue.
Sir, in the Ssnate the other day an estimate
was read from a careful, prudent, just man of
the South, setting down the aggregate of the
American citizens murdered by tins conspir-
acy since the war at fifty thousand. On the
other side the debate alleges that there has
not been one, because no such conspiracy
exists.
Mr. Speaker, one of the most alarming facts
connecting itself with this really grave state
of our affairs is this very one to which I now
allude, that this huge crime, absolutely men-
acing the existence of the States, and to en-
counter which the armies of the United States
are to-day on their march, is, as to its charac-
ter at least, denied wholly, completely, and
unanimously by that great party whose Repre-
sentatives on this floor are one hundred, and
who represent thirteen million people. If,
indeed, it be true that this vast combination
does pervade these troubled States, and if it
hath the aims its accusers say, then they who
deny these do by their denials give a protection
to these horrid workers in human murder of
the same kind which their masks and the night
do, and become partners in theirguilt. Place
together and scrutinize in the lights which each
of these facts, if they be facts, throws on the
other. There are but two of them—short, sim-
ple, terrible ; one this: a banded conspiracy in
one third of the States of trained veteran sol-
diers, armed, treasonous, and implacable, and
in numbers unknown, probably three hunded
thousand, and their dead victims already tens
of thousands; the other fact this: that the con-
spiracy is in the interest and service of the
Democratic party. These two are the aver-
ments made on one side of the startling issue
we try, and are wholly denied on the other.
Stated in another way, the dual allegation
is that the South and ruling half of the Demo-
cratic party is now engaged in the business of
overthrowing the political rights of the freed
race and of all constitutions and laws securing
them, and that the overthrow is satisfactorily
progressing under the cover of the night and
the mask, and of perjury, by means of scourg
ings, burnings, and butcheries, each adjusted,
with infernal skill, in the scales of their mag-
nitude, to the attainment of the end aimed at.
And while this goes on at the South the other
half of the party are engaged, by their repre-
sentatives in the two Houses, in the business
of denying or defending the vast crimes, and
in delivering orations to us on the saeredness
of human rights, civil liberty, and the American
Constitution! On the other side this allega
tion is wholly, completely, denied. I repeat,
sir, how strange it seems that a fact having
such appalling proportions should be averred
if not true, or denied if true? I shall, sir, not,
of course, even enter upon the inquiry as to
what the evidences are that these terrible com-
binations do exist, nor as to the extent of
their crimes.
Mr. Speaker, I have not the heart to even
glance at the ghastly troop of witnesses that
stalk by us, and have, for now six years, gone
by us admonishing us that the possibility of
doubt is wholly excluded as to the existence
of the conspiracy and the immense numbers of
its victims, saying now nothing as to its designs.
Why, Mr. Speaker, I stood myself upon the
spot where I saw, with my own eyes, the pools
of human blood where fell patriots as pure as
ever country had, for the offense of loving and
defending it; fell as I, myself, heard near a
hundred witnessses swear, and as the records
of this House attest, because they were then
in the work of making a free constitution for
a great and beautiful but then treason-blasted
State. They feil by the hands of a conspiracy
thoroughly arranged, with diabolical skill and
exactitude, with all its acts and parts set down,
and the actors assigned to their respective roles
in the infernal play ; feil not at that spot alone,
but fell everywhere. Boys fell in the streets,
old men, stricken with years, upon their knees,
hands uplifted for mercy, fell in such num-
bers that the conspirators piled up in carts
their victims, the wounded and halt' dead
thrown in at, the bottom, butchered but breath-
ing, and thus smothered to deaih by their tuily
dead companions piled on top. And this,
Mr. Speaker, done in execution of the polit-
ical purposes, as shown by the overwhelming
proofs which I took myself, and shown to have
been done and defended by that party from
whom, in these Halls, we take to day, meekly
too, lessons on the sweetness of human char-
ity, the saeredness of laws guarantying the
safety of the citizens and the dangers of re-
sorts to military violence. Mr. Speaker, I
could like the lessons well enough, but I do
not like the odor of innocent blood upon the
feet of the Gamaliels where we sit to learn
them.
Mr. Speaker, such is the first chapter in this
book of blood! No, not the first. Memphis
went before it. But when we mention these
their authors and partisans exclaim with amaze-
ment at their mention: "That's old"—"six
years old, barred by the six year's limitation,"
a "dead past," a Democratic "by-gone."
Ah! gentlemen, there is a sense in which trans-
actions like these will not consent to be " by-
gones." History, humanity, Heaven will not
have it so. Blood upon hands of murder will
not go out. St. Bartholomew will not go by ;
Lincoln will not go by ; "the slaughter of the
innocents" will not go by ; the crucifixion will
not go by. To allude to these violences m our
country for purposes of reproach or crimina-
tion to-day would be ill and unfit. To do so
for political effect, as is so profusely charged
over there, would be out of taste, out of time,
and out of even good policy. To allude to
them, even for the high and holy purposes for
which Heaven and history make such deeds
eternal—that they may shock the race, make
infamous their perpetrators, and repel the ages
from their repetition—I would not do to day;
because the stern awards of that dread tri-
bunal whose decrees never pass for review or
reversal before higher jurisdictions, the tri-
bunal of civilized man, has consigned them,
well enough, to their right eminence in the
lists of human guilt; and history, with her pen
of iron, has recorded it. And there I would
let it stand!
But, sir, there is another sense and purpose
in which we cannot, as legislators, afford to
let Memphis and Orleans and Camilla and
Meridian become old or be " by-gones." The
perils which the bill before the House is de-
signed to rescue from are the perils ot' the
State. The disasters meant by it to be averted
are those included in the overthrow of a race
of American citizens, and to this end the over-
throw of the Constitutions and laws, State and
national, made for its protection. Sir, when
the inquisition we hold is to find out what the
designs of these assassins really are, and what
is the degree of coherence, ot tenacity, of life
and capacity for protracted and organized mis-
chief with which they are endowed, then, to
leave out of our view and count every link of
this terrible chain but the last one, would be in
us, as men considering a measure of mere pre-
caution and protection against the alleged and
impending mischief, a lolly inexpressible. I
invoke you, then, to take into your scrutiny
the whole line of these massacres and banded
crimes. And as it goes on, from 1866, increas-
ing in volume until it has now become a river
of blood, let us, I pray you, find out aright
what this means.
what it means.
Sir, I go for a lew moments now to the in-
quiry what it does mean. Is it (he mere result
of "war's desolation" and of its expiring
passions, or of the lawlessness that to some
extent infects every condition and part of our
country. This inquiry into the first springs
and sources of these conspiracies and into the
purposes of their work is to us, as legislators,
estimating the state of public safety and in
adopting measures of protection and redress,
the vital one. It is the vital one because that
if these disorders, which so appall us, be, in-
deed, the aimless pastime ot assassiuS, who
whip and kill for the sport of it or the money
