280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. op Keps.
Fourteenth Amendment-—-Mr. Niblack.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
One of their victims, after being stripped and
flogged in a terrible manner, and having sev-
eral buck shots fired into his body, was allowed
to escape, and at the present writing lies in a
helpless condition in a colored hotel in Jack-
son.
To tell the whole of the outrages that were
thus committed would fill page after page. As
an evidence of the state of feeling existing at
the time, however, I will give the statement of
an aged gentleman, an old citizen, and one
of undoubted veracity. At the hotel, imme-
diately after the affray in the court-house, he
heard the proposition made to go up and have
a look at the dead bodies. He accompanied
the party and saw the bodies of the justice
and the negro, Gus. Ford, lying weltering in
their blood, both dead. Close by lay the aged
negro, Isaac Lee, badly wounded. The old
negro, fearing that they had come to kill him,
was much alarmed. He endeavored to re-
assure him, telling bim no one would hurt him,
in his condition. The black replied, "Don't
know 'bont dat, massa," but seemed to feel
better. The party soon left. At the foot of
the stairs the old gentleman was horrified at
the proposition to go back and kill the poor
old wounded negro. He l'emonstrated, say-
ing, "You are not fiends," and finally per-
suaded the party to give up their purpose.
A little later the black somehow got out of
the house and found his way to his cabin, but
a gang of human blood-hounds came along in
search of prey. They had with them already,
as prisoners, two blacks, named Marion White
ana Henry Johnson, but they seized upon the
old tnan, Isaac Lee, wounded as be was, and
marched him off with the others. The next
morning the bodies of the whole three were
found in the woods close by. Hon. Aaron
Moore, member df'the Mississippi house of
representatives, stood immediately by .Justice
Bramlette when the first shot was fired. As
the justice fell, Moore fell with him, the dead
body of the justice on top. Without doubt this
saved his life. Lying thus, covered with the
blood of the dead justice, ho very naturally
passed for dead himself.. A few moments, and
the room being temporarily cleared, he made
his escape to hia house. A crowd, finding he
was still alive, set up the hue and cry, and
gang after gang started in pursuit. Leaving
his house immediately he took to the woods.
One gang, arriving a little later and finding
the bird llown, turned his wife and children out
of doors-and set fire to the house, which was
burned to the ground. The next morning a
large crowd of armed men got on the train
bound for Jackson, ninety-three miles distant,
and put off a portion of their number at every
principal station.
Aaron Moore, the representative from their
district, miniver of the gospel, and leading
adviser among the blacks, they were bound to
have. Moore, however, struck off on foot,,
giving the railroad a wide berth. He weighed,
probably, two hundred and fifty pounds, and
had nothing to eat save what he could procure
at a negro cabin in a sparsely-settled country.
He trudged through the woods night and day
for a distance of one hundred and twenty-five
miles, weighed down with anxiety for the fate
of his family, and with" thehuman blood-hounds
on his track. Eluding all his pursuers, how-
ever, he came into Jackson on the following
Friday, where he has since been joined by the
rest of his family, save one son, a young man,
who he justly fears has been murdered.
How many fell victims to this massacre it
is almost impossible to tell. A large number
are missiug; doubtless many of these will still
turn up, but in the opinion of the chief of
the so-called State detective force, probably
no less than twenty-five or thirty have been
killed.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
REMARKS OF HON. W. E. NIBLACK,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 5, 1871,
On the bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforcc the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, it is not
claimed that any such measure as is proposed
by this bill is needed in very many of the States
of this Union. Its provisions are made general
and applicable to all the States simply to make
a show of fairness and impartiality. In the de-
bate so far the alleged condition of things in the
States of North Carolina and South Carolina
has been one of the strongest arguments urged
to prove the necessity of the proposed legis-
lation. I am not, sir, prepared to affirm or
deny anything as of my own knowledge as to
the present condition of those States or either
of them. I have, like many others, to rely on
the statements of other persons in seeking
information in these respects.
A gentleman who has resided many years
in South Carolina, and has had within the last
few years some prominence in the politics of
that State on the Republican side, but who is
now a private citizen merely, has handed to
me a statement, giving what lie asserts to be a
truthful exposition of the condition of things
iu that State. This statement is so much in
accordance with others 1 have heard from
sources which I have had reason to regard as
reliable that I feel justified in calling the
attention of the House to it, and now ask
leave to read it iu the hearing of the House.
It is as follows:
Facts concerning the outrage/} vyliich are said to exist
in the State of South Carolina, a/id the real cause of
said outrages,
First, let it bo borno in mind the constitution of
South Carolina, ratified in 1803, makes it tho duty
" of tho Gonoral Assembly to provido from time to
time for the registration of till electors," (article
eight, section three.) In September, 186S, the Gen-
eral Assembly of South Carolina enacted a general
election law, section four of which provides for a
registration of all persons entitled to vote under tho
constitution. The seventeenth section of this act
provides that, " at tho closc of tho election the man-
agers shall procecd publicly to canvass tho votes,
and suchcanvass, when commenced, shall bo con-
tinued without adjournment or interruption until
tho same bo completed." Under this law the elec-
tion of 1868 was held, and no ono had reason to com-
plain ot its provisions. This law was passed, as I have
said, in September, 1868, a short time after the Re-
publican party had come into power; but on tho 1st
of March, 1870, things had changed. An election was
to bo held m October, and something must be done
to perpctuato undcontinuo m ofiice ono of the most
corrupt administrations that ever disgraced any
State. The election lawot 1863 was repealed, and
so far as registration was concerned tho constitution
of tho State was disregarded. The Governor was
empowered to appoint thrco commissioners of elec-
tion for each county, whom turn had the appointing
'of the managers for cach polling precinct. Notsnt-
isfied with repealing the registration clause in the
act of 1868, they modified the seventeenth section so
as to make it read as follows:
"Attho close of the election, and within three days
after the day thereof, tho chairman of the board oi
managers, or one of thein who nniy bo designated
by tho board, shall deliver to the commissioners of
elections tho poll-lidt and boxes containing the
ballots/'
Tho old law of 1303, lot it be remembered, pro-
vided—
"That the managers of elections should, at the
closing of the polls, proceed publicly to canvass the
votes, and should not adjourn until the same had
been completed."
The carrying out of the provisions of this law.
which gives to irresponsible persons the control and
custody of tho ballot-boxes, is one of the principal
oauses of all tho difficulties that havo occurrcd in
South Carolina since the election of 1868. Say what
you please about tho Ivu Klux organization, no one
cognizant of tho facts will for a moment pretend to
say that with the people of South CarMinatherenow
leuiauis any hostility to tho United States Govern-
ment, but there is a deep-rooted hostility to the
administration of the State government, which hos-
tility is rightly founded. The people art) deprived
of their rights, the constitution of the State is dis-
regarded, the elections are controlled exclusively by
three men in each county, whom the Governor sees
fit to appoint; for, under tho infamous law of 1870,
when the managers whom these commissioners havo
appointed havo got through with the ballot-boxes;
the commissioners themselves are allowed ten days
to open the boxes and count the votes of the county.
This they are allowed to do in secret. Add "to all
this the fact that in a great number of instances in
South Carolina all three of the commissioners in a
county were themselves candidates for office, and in
every instance declared themselves elected.
And here let it bo borne in mind all those per-
sons were taken from one political party, and of
course violent partisans of the present State admin*
istration. No one will deny for a moment but that
pcace and quietness reigned throughout the State
of South Carolina from the closc of the campaign in
November, 1868, up to the closing of the polls on the
10th of October, 1870. The people, i say, with the
defeat of Mr. Soymour. abandoned their opposition
to the Government and accepted the situation. At
the election in October, 1870. everybody was allowed
to vote who chose to do so. Not ono single act of vio-
lence was committed till after the polls closed, when
tho people, both Democrats and Republicans, some
of whom had walked many miles to deposit their
votes, saw the ballot-boxes taken possession of by
worthless men, men in whoso honesty or integrity no
ono could havo the slightest confidence, for among
these officers of elections, and in one of the very
counties where those difficulties have oeurred, was
a person who less than three weeks before the elec-
tion had been pardoned out of the penitentiary by
the Governor of the State, ho having been con-
victed of larcony. It was when the people saw tho
ballot-boxes go into the hands of such men that
they roso up with a just indignation, feeling that
they had no security and that elections in South
Carolina were but a farce.
And hero let the question bo asked, how long
would tho people of any of tho northern or western
States submit to such a state of things? "Would tho
people of Massachusetts, or anywhere else, after
going to the polls to deposit their votes, stand quietly
by after tho polls had clnsorl and see one man take
possession of and carry off the ballot-box to some
secrct place, known only to himself, where it would
remain in his custody for three days? "Would tho
people of Massachusetts, or any other State, allow
three men, all of whom are themselves candidates
for office, to lock themselves up with the ballot-boxes
containing tho votes of a whole county and go peace-
ably through the farce of counting those votes? And
will it be contended for a moment that the people
of South Carolina arc less sensitive upon any of
those points than the people of the northern States?
The first disturbance that took place in South Caro-
lina was in Union county the day after the election,
when it was ascertained that the most worthless
vagabonds upon the face of God's earth had the care
and control of tho ballot-boxes of that county.
These disturbances, like all others of a similar char-
acter, in the exeirement of the moment, were easily
created, but, when tho ball was once put in motion,
it was hard to control. People of both parties who
had been defrauded out of their just rights rose up
to defend themselves when they found that the laws
of South Carolina gave them no protection, Insoine
of the counties, when, with all the advantages herein
enumerated, tho officers of election were unable to
overcome the tremendous majority of their oppo-
nents, the Legislature took it in hand and unseated
tho.se mon who had been elected by the people, and
putm their places tho defeated candidates for no
reason save the defeated parties were in sympathy
wiih tho corrupt administration.
l>ut there are other causes which, added to those
already enumerated, tend to aggravate and exas-
perate the feeling and public sentiment of the peo-
ple. Tho Republican party has now been in power
since July, 1868. The State debt, which was then
little over five million dollars, has since that time
been increased to 610,000,000. Taxation in tho State
has now almost amounted to confiscation. Men who
a few years ago were notVorth $100 to their name,
and some of whom were beggars, are now worth from
ono hundred thousand to three quarters of a mil-
lion dollars. These men are now and have been
holding office in the Stnteof South Carolina, and for
the last two and a half years have been sapping
nnd mining tho people ot South Carolina. Take,
fur instance, tho following figures, and then ask, is
it any wonder that forbearance has ceased to be a
virtue?
At the beginningof the present administration the
bonded debt oi the State, as 3 have said, w.as about
live million dollars, but it has now reached tho
enormous sum of &1G.000,000, including the indorse-
ments on railroad bonds, which it is believed tho
State will be compelled to pay. The average taxes
for ten years previous to I860 were but $431,000 per
annum, and tho«?e for 1860 being but 8392,000, while
the taxes for 1868 were 81,858,000. The taxable value
of the propertyof the State in 1868 was $490,000,^00,
and the taxable value in 1871 is but $184,000,000.
It will therefore, be perceived that in 18(50 the taxes
wore not quite $403,090 on a taxable basis of about
$500,000,000, whore;.tho tuxes of 1863 amount to
SI,838,000 on a b;>sis of some £181,000,000; that while
the property of the State was reduced to ono third
its former value,.the taxes are increased nearly five
