518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April G,
connecting itself with the very springs and
sources of the nation's life; for it is a fact
found in the solemn, sworn, official action
of the people's Representatives in Congress.
It is that here, upon the 11th day of July, A.
D. 1870, and then again at the present ses-
sion, the Democratic Representatives voted,
so far as they ventured to vote at all, "no"
upon the question whether the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments were binding as parts
of our Constitution. On the former occasion
thirty-two so voted and at this session seventy-
five.
BKODHEAD LETTER.
But it may be alleged that this declaration
of the platform so voted for was only that the
laws were "usurpations" and "void," and
only proposed that they be declared so through
the constitutional methods of repeal by Con-
gress or else through the courts, and were not
to be overthrown by means of Ku Klux or
other military or armed violence. But, sir,
the history of that platform wholly excludes
us from the hope that this was the meaning of
the infamous plank and of the vote in its favor.
The Brodhead letter was written the 30th
of June, 1868, palpably as a bid by Mr. Blair
for Vice President. Four days afterits author,
on the fit nomination of the traitor who dis-
charged at Sumter the first American gun
ever turned upon its own flag, was nominated
for the office for which he made the bid ; and
his letter to Brodhead was put in, and he
upon, the national platform. And how this
plank, declaring laws of Congress on whose
validity depends the validity of the governments
of ten States of this Union and of these amend-
ments securing liberty and equal citizenship
of the mighty people, was to be carried into
effect is shown by that perfidious letter, in these
words:
" There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the oarpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reoragnize their own governments and
oleet Senators and Representatives. The llouso of
Representatives will contain a majority of Demo-
crats from the North, and they will admit tho Itep-
rcsentativesoleeted by the white people of the South,
and, with tho cooperation of tho President, it will
not be difficult to compel tho Senate to submit once
more to tho obligations of the Constitution."
And for this proposition, that a Democratic
caucus had a right to commission its "Presi-
dent-elect" to "compel the Army" to "undo"
these reconstruction laws, "disperse" the
"governments of" ten "States" and "com-
pel the Senate to submit," 2,703,249 Demo-
crats voted in grace's year 18G8I From that
day to this, by no act of that great party, has
it ever been hinted that that vote was either a
crime, blunder, or error; but, on the other hand,
they make the letter's author, with a reavowal
of that letter's sentiments upon his lips, Sen-
ator of United States, a fit twin leader of their
party in the Senate with Thcbj-viax, who holds
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments void.
And, see, from the oracles of the party which
cast that vote for that letter we are gathering
wisdom here upon the dangers of military des-
potism. This identical doctrine, that a State
or a President may declare null and void and
order the Army to trample into dust such
acts of Congress as they may decide to be null
and void, it was that Jackson, on the 11th of
December, 1832, gave notice to Calhoun and
his co-conspirators that did they attempt its
execution it would be treason, and be met by
war. _ For the attempt to put this identical
doctrine into execution Jackson died express-
ing his profound regret that he did not exe-
cute the warrant he once had written out to
hang Calhoun high as Haman, " by the Eter-
nal." And lor that thing which impelled
Jackson to put Calhoun to death in 1833,
2,703,249 Democrats voted in 18G8.
And, sir, what was the effect of this license
by this letter and platform and candidate to
treat, by military force, these iaws and govern-
ments as void usurpations? Within twenty
days, by the moon, from the day their bloody
commission was promulged to them at New
York the conspirators sprang eager to their
"dance of death;" and Alamance, North
Carolina, and Camilla, Georgia, and New
Orleans, Louisiana, attest, by seals dyed deep
with human blood, how well their commission
was executed in sweeping States for Seymonr
and Blair.
Here, sir, I must leave this frightful array
of proof. How profoundly do I wish that the
proofs were not overwhelming that this most
strange, unnatural, pitiless, but formidable
conspiracy is aimed at the overthrow of all
the political rights of four million of the
American citizens, and of ail constitutions
and laws made for the defense of them.
Mr. Speaker," in estimating the danger aris-
ing out of the political aims of this conspiracy,
and out of their identity with the designs, toward
the freed race, of the Democratic party, I pray
you not to forget that it is not necessary we
should assume they design to have war with
the United States. I do not think they expect
war. They did not expect war, as I heard their
leaders say in the Senate and House, when
they bade adieu and defiance to the Union in
these Halls. What they do propose is pre-
cisely this: to go forward in the work of assas-
sination and intimidation just so far and so
long as shall be required to suppress the vote
of the Republicans of the South, give to them
the governments of the States and oftheUnion,
and this done, the Brodhead letter explains
how they shall do the rest.
If you reply to all this that this system-
atized code of murder, adjusted to a political
end, with design approaching a fineart, attrib-
utes to human nature more devilish wicked-
ness than the world ever saw, and is wholly
incredible, 1 reply, Fort Pillow, Anderson-
villel If you say it is incredible that these men
should design to overthrow these amendments,
or any parts of the Constitution, 1 read you in
reply the Montgomery constitution, not ten
years old nor six dead. If you say such pur-
poses of rebellion are now wholly disavowed, I
point you to the triumphal procession of the
rebellion's head through his dominions, and
his speech, not ten days old, where he said, in
substance, the rebellion was not wrong, and
that its cause would soon triumph. If you tell
me that these banded men are too few in num-
ber and too weak of nerve to attempt again to
defy the powers of the Government to enforce
its laws, I reply by pointing to their strength
in this debate, and then reading to you the
letter of your Secretary of State, dated 1861,
saying " it will be all over in ninety days," and
then reading to you the story which began at
Sumter and ended at Appomattox. If you tell
me it is incredible that a great party should
design to seize upon the Government of tho
States and Union by such violence and frauds
against the ballot-box, I point you to Now
Orleans and to New York and Georgia in 1808,
and to the records of this House, showing two
of the States controlled and carried by frauds
or violence concerted, wholesale, and over-
whelming.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot go on, nor do I know
how to stop. I am confounded by the state of
repose I see in portions of the people in the
presence of this huge and overmastering con-
spiracy which so menaces us. I challenge the
historians of the House and country to tell
me where before was it ever written down that
any civilized State had in it at all, even for an
hour, a conspiracy like this? When before
was one permitted to live in the State and
gloat and fatten on the blood of the innocent
and helpless citizen, till, iti its insatiate maw,
it devoured tens of thousands? When before
was such spectacle seen and not one assassin
convicted m the courts or touched by the Gov-
ernment's little finger? Why, sir, when the
conspirators dashed upon the base of Pom-
pey's statue the blood of "the first citizen,"
the avenging people "pursued and hunted out
the assassins over land and sea, and rested
not till there was not a man left, either of
those who dipped their hands in his blood or
who gave sanction to the deed ;" and after his
chief murderer "lost the battle of Philippi,
he killed himself with the same dagger which
he had made use of against Cffisar."
And so it has in civilized States ever been.
Whenever the knife of the political assassin
has touched the citizen's heart because he
was a citizen, then the knife reached too the
nation's heart. The civilized earth at first
stood appalled at our great Lincoln's taking
off, then melted into a river of tears whose
precious waters have been gathered and urned
at your Department of State. Yet here stand
we, the American Congress, in the grim and
ghastly presence of the most appalling specta-
cle history ever will need record ; a spectacle
where we see a mighty army of disbanded
but trained veterans, drilling, well-armed, and
nightly, and numbering Heaven knows what,
but if as numerous in the other States as in
North Carolina, then numbering probably
three hundred thousand. They are men whose
attachment to our Government was indicated
to us first at Manassas, last at Appomattox ;
men banded first under oaths of traitors, now
of oaths of traitors, perjurers, and assassins ;
men whose knives gleam now, hundreds of
thousands, through half of the Republic in the
moon-lit air ; men whose scourged, mangled,
banished, and murdered victims number now,
by proximate estimates, hundreds of thou-
sands of this Republic's free citizens, struck
because they assumed to have and use the
high franchises of such citizens. They are
men who to day send to these Halls the offi-
cers of this Government to amuse the Ameri-
can Congress by showing their lacerated backs,
mangled by the assassin's lash, and sent as
an admonition that' the revenues of the Re-
public shall not be collected where they ruiev:
men who have ordered that the mails of the
United States shall not be canied except by
such citizens as they approve; who have
ordered that the government of States shall be
vacated, because not to their pleasing; men
whom the President of the United States has
admonished us, by special message, have put
at defiance the powers of States, and whom to
baffle and defeat he needs clearer laws; men
of whom not one has ever yet been tried or
punished for these stupendous crimes ; men
who are being armed to-day, and day by day,
from New York ; men whose purposes are dis-
closed to us by testimony, sworn and over-
whelming, to be the destruction cf the political
rights of an entire race of American citizens
just thrown, by a marvelous deliverance, upon
the cbaritiesof God and the protection of this
Republic; men whose purposes as to the Afri-
can are identical with and have the moral abet-
ting of the Democratic party of the United
States, and men who swear to attain this pur-
pose by the overthrow of the Constitutions and
laws of the States and of the Union 1
Such, American Representatives, is, in mis-
erably inadequate and feeble outline, the thing
which the President in his message calls a
"state of affairs," and which stands before
you a new monster in human history, fit suc-
cessor and progeny of slavery's rebellion just
gone out. And, sir, as it stands in your pres-
ence to-day and glares in your very teeth its
defiances, and as its four millions of doomed
victims kneel at the nation's feet for protection,
the champions of their slayers are in the
American Congress scrutinizing the Constitu-
tion with a pettifogger's spy-glass and vexing
it with partisan muck rakes, in agonized in-
quest for the clause that says the United SLates
may compel four millions of her children to
shed their blood to put the slaveholders' rebel-
lion down, and when put down the rebellion
may take knife and mask and night and put the
four millions to death as they kneel there for
help, and that the United States may extend
such help only on condition that the Legisla*
