1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
*
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Packard,
Ho. oi? Reps.
hundred per cent. Take for instance the expenses
of the Legislature of 1858; tljey were but $51,000,
while t he expenses of the Legislature for 1868 were
£270,000. In 185S the executive expenses were but
$5,000, while in 1868 wo find the executive expenses
§40,000. In 1858 the civil expenses of the govern-
ment of South Carolina were but $97,000, while the
civil expenses for 1868 are $218,000. The legislative
appropriations for the four months' session which
closed last month amount to the enormous sum of
J525.000. Fraud and corruption spring up hydra-
headed on every side. Members of the Legislature
have the finest equipages and turnouts in the coun-
try, and some :of them are now the owners of from
twenty-five to thirty horses. This Legislature and
the one that preceded it, with the exception per-
haps of the senate as it now stands, were thoroughly
in the hands of the administration. Thousands of
dollars have been paid out of the State treasury to
members of the Legislature for the passage of bills
to enrich those who were at the head of affairs in the
State and to perpetuate them in power.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not attempt any com-
ments on the condition of things portrayed in
this statement. It gives facts and figures which
can be easily controverted if untrue. As to
their truth, I have no cause to doubt. Con-
ceding it to be a truthful exposition, is it any
wonder that the people of South Carolina, of
all classes, making any claims to honesty and
fairness, should grow restive and even desper-
ate under such goadings ? Is it any wonder that
extreme measures of self-preservation should
be resorted to? Is not the only surprise, that
the people of any State should submit to such
outrages with so little resistance ? But, sir, I
will not detain the House longer.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. PACKARD,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 6, 1871,
On the bill (H. R, No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, I did not
press for a hearing on this bill during the gen-
eral discussion, when I should have had one
hour, because I should have crowded out some
other member as much and perhaps more
entitled to the floor than I, but have contented
myself with being heard under the ten-rainutes
rule.
Under the Constitution, is there warrant for
such legislation as is proposed by this bill,
and is there a necessity for it? These two
questions meet us. Each member must an-
swer them to himself, his conscience, and his
country. If I did not believe there is full war-
rant in the Constitution for this measure I
should vote against it. If I did not believe
there is a terrible necessity for it I should be
willing to see it fall. But to myself, without
hesitation, I answer both these questions in
the affirmative, as they have already been so
answered in the amplest and grandest manner
to this House .arid the country. Guided by
common sense, by a just judgment of the
right, and in the light of abundant authority,
we have the right to interpose the shield of
law against the lawless. I am not willing to
admit that the Constitution of the United
States is a failure. Protection inheres in the
very idea of government. It should be the
primary object of all government. Protection
to the individual, the rights of man, is the
central sun of our system, and if you refuse
to let it shine our light will indeed become
darkness.
It is a monstrous assumption that this Gov-
ernment has not ample constitutional power
to protect its own citizens because they happen
to dwell inside the lines of a State that cannot
or will not protect them; that the Government
in its efforts to render protection to the other-
wise helpless may be defied by any lesser
authority; that a State may fly in the face of
the nation and demand that it strip off its power
because the ground whereon it stands is holy.
I do not so read the Constitution. If 1 did I
should lose faith in that instrument. There is
something better in this land than Union or
Constitution. Man himself is better than
either. The individual man, for "whom free
Governments are instituted, and whom it is
their grand purpose to protect in his inalien-
able rights, is^infinitely higher and better than
laws or constitutions. It was to secure man
in the enjoyment of these God-given rights
that our Government was founded, that the
Union was established, and the Constitution
framed. And yet we are told that it is uncon-
stitutional to pass an act the sole purpose of
which is to enforce the Constitution in its higher
and grander aspects!
We invite the stranger to our shores, proffer-
ing him the equal protection of the laws and
the full benefit of all the guarantees of the Con-
stitution. Shall we keep our plighted faith, or
shall we yield it up at the portals of the State?
Why, sir, even the soldiers, whose heroic sacri-
fices saved your nation, cry aloud for protec-
tion ; and they expect it from the Government
they fought for. Indiana cannot follow the
ex-soldier into Kentucky; and it was not for
Indiana that the soldier fought. Two hundred
thousand soldiers from that State came to the
rescue when the nation called; and when they
stepped under the flag they said, "Do not call
us Indianians now; call us soldiers of the
Union." They loved their State, but they
acknowledged a higher allegiance, and when
•victory came, and the flag was furled, they
expected, anywhere on American soil, the
protection of the power they fought for and
sustained. And I speak for that citizen sol-
diery to-day, because for them the legislation
proposed in this bill is a necessity.
Only a few weeks ago, at Cape Girardeau,
Missouri, Ellis T. Jenkins, while employed in
the revenue service, was murdered by a band
of assassins for daring to profess the princi-
ples for which he gave four years of military
service to his country. He was a member of
the Grand Army of the Republic, a benevolent
organization, designed for the support of needy
ex-soldiers and the widows and orphans of the
deceased. This was his crime, and he was
shot. And I state here these further outrages,
in the words of the Grand Army Journal:
"Every post of the Gtrand Army in the State of
Tennessee has been broken up except the one at
Memphis, and that now retains its organization in
secret, and the members dare not for their lives
acknowledge their connection. In the interior of
the State of Kentucky, which Mr. Senator Davis
declares needs no protection for ifcscitizens from the
General (Tovernment, the Union soldier is as much
proscribed as though he were an outlaw.
"In the State of Mississippi the posts of the Grand
Army were compelled by the force of rebel senti-
ment to dissolve a year ago, and the members have
now secretly reorganized themselves for mutual pro-
tection. Three men, members of our order, and with
bright Army records, have been murdered in that
State because ten years ago they raised the patriot's
rather than the traitor's \ eapon. In Georgia tie
posts of the Grand Army have been obliged to dis-
solve, except in Savannah and in Brunswick, where
they have a northern settlement sufficient to protect
them. In none of these States is it at present safe
for a man to allow his record as a Union soldier to be
known. Senator Spencer, of Alabama, presented
to the Senate about the close of the late session a
petition signed by a number of members of his late
regiment, who prayed that their names might not
be given to the public, on account of the danger in
which their lives would be placed."
It is so frequently denied here and elsewhere
that these outrages, to any great extent, exist
in the South that, although the proofs pre-
sented during this discussion are overwhelm-
ing, I have resorted to a source for additional
evidence which I believe has not yet been
introduced, I hold in my hand a statement
made up from the returns of the assistant
marshals who performed the duty of taking
the census in the southern States. -It was a
part of their duty to make a record of the
deaths occurring during the year ending May
31, 1870, with the cause of death in eachmase,
and the record is frightful. Look at the hor-
rible list:
Department op the Interior.
Census Office.
Washington, D. C., April 5,1871.
Statement of homicides and murders reported by assist-
ant marshals as having occurred in the year ending
May 31, 1870.
Stati*. Ifo. of
victim*,
Alabama 100
Florida  44
Georgia   110
Kentucky  72
North Carolina  il
Arkansas *70
Louisiana 51 l(U
Mississippi  *82
Missouri  *28
South Carolina 
Tennessee   *112
Texas *313
And here are some details from three of
these States:
Soxith Carolina.
Darlington county—J. L. Dixon, white, murdered.
Edgefield county—James Ramsey, murdered in
January, 1870; Isaac Javer, mulatto, murdered by
stabbing.
Newberry county—David Lyebone, black, stabbed.
Marlborough county—George Terry, black, mur-
dered.
Abbeville county—F. Gadden, murdered by shoot-
ing; Arch. Nicholson, shot by assassins.
Fairfield county—I). R. Hays, murdered.
Nashville—Solomon Friedman, murdered, (mur-
dered in the ad.i oiningcounty;) George Waters, black,
murdered by Kulvlux; Henry Allen, mulatto, mur-
dered.
Davidson county—Milton Tiny, killed by a club?
John Malouy, shut.
Bedford county—Simon Stead, mulatto, shot.
Shelby county—Elias Buchanan, gunshot wound.
Hardin county—William 13. Gilbert, gunshot
wound; W. P. Johnson, gunshot "wound; J. C.
McCaslin, by shooting.
Mississippi.
Corinth—Charles Coleman, black; steamboat hand,
murdered.
Prentiss counts'—Francis, Rider, shot by the Ku
Klux Klan.
Tippah county—Walker, Josiah M., white, shot
and murdered.
Tippah county—Ilawcs, Peter, black, shot.
Tisneraingo county—ilenrv Atkinson, gunshot.
Marshall county—James Forney, black, gunshot.
Marshall county—W. M. 33<iyli>s, gunshot.
Dc Soto county—Lewis Stewart, black, murdered.
Marshallcounty—Dean,Thomas,black, murdered.
Claiborne county—Lucas, Thomas, black, mur-
dered; Monroe, C., female, bluck, homicide.
Copiah county—Kinney, L'dward, white', mur-
dered.
Hancock county—Armstead, A. P., white, mur-
dered.
Harrison county—Dutehcr, JohnM.. white, killed.
Hinds county—Tuck, -Turner mulatto, homicide.
Holmes county—Johnson, Horace, blaek, homi-
cide.
Jefferson county—Mitchell, John T., white, mur-
dered.
Landerdalo county—Moore. Rafe, black, mur-
dered.
T have much more of this ghastly detail from
other States, but enough has been presented
to show its extent and atrocity. Can these
terrible figures be denied? They are report-
ed officially and without any possible view to
political effect. Compare this record with the
returns from any northern State, and it will
be seen that a frightful disease exists in the
South which only this Congress can heal. Oh!
but they tell us these muiders have no " polit-
ical significance!" Then why this opposition
to a measure of relief? Why is it always a
Republican who is slain? Why is it always a
Democrat who kills, and why are the assassins
never punished? If these crimes have no
"political significance/5 then why not rise
above party and unite with us to strike down
this many-headed monster that is decimating
the southern States? If the cry of tk murder!
help I7' should reach our ears from Pennsvlva- •
nia avenue or the corridors of the Capitol, who
among us all would not rush to the rescue,
whether the cry came from rich or poor, from
* Full returns from these States not yet received.
