1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
been here he would on this question have voted
"ay," and on the former vote, "no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, no; let us stay and
dispose of this before we adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, which was read as follows:
Insert after the word " overthrow" in line twenty,
section four, the following:
Provided, That all the provisions of the second
section of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved March 3,1863, which relate to
tho disoharee of prisoners other than prisoners of
war, and to the penalty forrefusing to obey the order
of the court, shall be in full force so far as the same
are applicable to the provisions of this scction.
Mr. SHELLABARGEIl. I agree to that
amendment.
Mr. KE11R. I hope that these provisions
of the act of 18C3 which it is proposed to
incorporate into the bill will be read to us.
Mr. WOOD. Does it notrequire unanimous
consent to have this amendment offered after
the previous question has been seconded?
The SPEAKER. The amendment was
admitted as pending before the previous ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
here the section of the act which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] desires to have
read, and I send it 10 the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That tho Secretary of State and the Sec-
retary of War be, and they are hereby, directed,
as soon as may be practicable, to furnish to the
judges ot the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States and of the District of Columbia a list of
the names of all persons, citizens of States in which
the administration of tho laws has continued unim-
paired m tho said Federal courts, who are now, or
may hereafter be, held as prisoners of the United
States, by order or authority of the President of the
United States or either of said Secretaries, in any
fort, arsenal, or other place, as State or political
prisoners, or otherwise than as prisoners of war; the
said list to contain the names of all those who reside
in the respective jurisdictions ofsa.it![judges,or who
may be deemed by the said Secretaries, or either of
them, to ha ve violated any law ot the United States
in any of said jurisdictions, and also the dateot each
arrest; the Secretary of State to furnish a list of such
persons as are imprisoned by the order or authority
ot the P csidcnt, actnif? through tho State Depart-
ment, and the Secretary ot War a list of such as are
imprisoned by the order or authority-of tho Pres-
ident, acting through tho Department of War. And
in all cases where a grand jury, having attended any
of said courts having jurisdiction in the premises,
after the passage of this act, and after the furnishing
of said list as aforesaid, has terminated its session
without finding an indictment or presentment, or
other proceeding against any such person, it shall
be the duty of tho judge of said court forthwith to
make an order that any such prisoner desiriug a dis-
charge from said imprisonment be brought before
him to be discharged; and every officer ot tho Uni-
ted States having custody of such prisoner is here-
by directed immediately to obey and execute said
judge's order; and in case he shall delay or reiube
so to do, he shall be subject to indictment for a
misdemeanor, and be punisned by a fine of not less
than $500, and imprisonment in the common jail for
a period not less than six months, in tho discretion
of the court: Provided, however, That no person shall
be discharged by virtue of the provisions of this act
until after he or she shall have taken an oath of
allegiance to the Government of the United States,
and to support the Constitution thereof; and that
he or she will not hereafter in any way encourage
or give aid and comfort to the present rebellion, or
the supporters thereof: And provided aho, That the
judge or court before whom such person may be
brought, before discharging him or her froui impris-
onment, shall have power, on examination of the
case, and, if the public safety shall require it, shall
be required to cause him or her to enier into recog-
nisance, with or without surety, in a sum to be fixed
by said judge or court, to keep the peaco and be of
good behavior toward the United States and its
citizens, and from time to time, and at such times
as such judge or court may direct, appear before
said judge or court to be further dealt with, accord-
ing to law, as the circumstances may requiro. And
it shall be the duty of the district attorney of the
United States to attend such examination before
the judge.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment to
be voted on is that offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Monroe,] which the Clerk
will report.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line twenty-six, section two, after the word
"together" insert the following words: or go in
disguise upon th e public highway, or upon the prem-
ises of another."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not think
that there is any objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment is
the one offered by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] to add to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
labarger] what will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That no person
shall be a grand or petit juror in any court of the
United States upon any inquiry, hearing, or trial of
any suit, proceeding, or prosecution based upon the
provisions of this aot who shall, in the judgment of
the court, be in eomplicity with any such combina-
tion or conspiracy; and every such juror shall, be-
fore entering upon any such inquiry, hearing, or
trial, take and subscribe an oath in open court, that
he has never, directly or indirectly, counseled, ad-
vised, or voluntarily aided any such combination or
conspiracy; and each and every person who shall
take this oath, and shall therein swear falsely, shall
be guilty of perjury, and shall bo subject to tho
>pains and penalties declared against- that crime; and
that the act entitled "An act defining additional
causes of challenge and prescribing an additional
oath for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts," approved Juno 17,1862, be, and the same is
hereby, rej ealed.
Mr. MERCUR. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] to modify
his amendment so that it will read, " shall
be guilty of perjury, and upon conviction
thereof shall be subject to the pains and pen-
alties," &c.
Mr. HALE. I will modify my amendment
according to the suggestion of the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
statute of July 17, 1802, be read, as the other
was read.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act defining additional causes of challenge, and
prescribing an additional oath for grand and petit
jurors in the United States courts.
Be it enacted. &c.. That, in addition to the exist-
ing causes of disqualification and challenge of grand
and petit jurors in the courts of the United States,
the following are hereby declared and established,
namely: without duress and coercion to have taken
up arms, or to have joined any insurrection and
rebellion against tho United States; to have adhered
to any rebellion, giving it aid and comfort; to have
given, directly or indirectly, any assistance in money,
arms, horses, clothes, or any thing whatever to or
for the use or benefit of any person or persons whom
the person giving such assistance knew to have
joined, or to bo about to join, any insurrection or
rebellion, or to have resisted, or to be about to resist,
with force of arms, the execution of tho laws of the
United States, or whom he had good ground to
believe had joined, or wab about to join, any insur-
rection or rebellion, or had resisted, or was about
to resist, with force of arms, the execution of tbe
laws of the United States; and to have counseled
and advised any person or persons to join any insur-
rection or rebellion, or to resist with force of arms,
the laws of the United States.
Sue. 2. And be it fui ther cnactcd, Thatat each and*
every term of any court of the United States the
district attorney or other person acting for and on
behalf of the United States in said court may move,
and the court, in their discretion, may require the
clerk to tender to each and every person who
may be summoned to serve as a grand or petit
juror or venireman or talesman in said court,
the following oa.th or affirmation, namely : " You
do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be)
that you will support the Constitution of the
United States of America ; that you have not,
without duress and constraint, taken up arms,
or joined any insurrection or rebellion aaainst
the United States; that you bavenot adherred to
any insurrection or rebellion, giving it .aid and com-
fort; that you have not. directlyorindirectly, given
any assistance in money, or any other thing to any
person or persons whom you knew, or hud good
ground to believe, bad joined, or was about to join,
said insurrection and rebellion, or had resisted, or
was about to resist, with force of arras the execution
of the laws of the United States; and that you have
not counseled or advised any person or persons to
join any rebellion against, or to reskst with force of
arms the laws of the United States." Any person
or persons declining to take said oath shall be dis-
charged by the court from serving on the grand or
petit jury, or venire, to which he may have been
summoned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That eacti and
every person who shall take the oath herein pre-
scribed, and who shall swear falsely to any matter
of fact embraced by it, shall be held to have com-
mitted the crime of perjury, and shall be subject to
the pains and penalties declared against that crime.
Approved June 17, 1862.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Hale, as modified ; and being taken, upon
a division there were—ayes 103, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SHANKS called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there was one in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
The SPEAKER, The next amendment is
one moved by the gentleman from Indiana,
Mr. Hoi.man, to strike out section three of
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
Mr. Shellabarger.
Mr. HOLMAN. L§t that section be read,
so that members may understand what they
are voting on.
The section was read as follows:
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in any
State shall so far obstruct or hinder the execution
of the laws thereof, and of the United States, as to
deprive any portion or class of the people of such
State of any of the rights, privileges, or immunities
named in and secured by this act, and the consti-
tuted authorities of such State shall either be un-
able to protect or shall, from any cause, fail in or
refuse protection of the people in such, rights, and
shall fail or neglect, through tho proper authorities,
to apply to the President of the United States for
aid in that behalf, such facts shall be deemed a de-
nial by such State of the equal protection of tho
laws, to which they are entitled under the Consti-
tution of the United States; and in all such cases it
shall be lawful for the Presidont, and it shall be his
duty, to tako such measures, by the employment, of
the militia or the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, or of either, or by other means, as he may
deem necessary for the suppression of such insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, or combinations; and any
pert-on who shall be arrested under the provisions
of this aud the preceding section shall be delivered
to the marshal of the proper district to be dealt with
according to law.
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; on a divis-
ion—ayes fifty-two, noes not counted.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Holman.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that amendment X call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the uegative—yeas 88, nays 115, not voting
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A^ker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Hrooks, Caldwell. Campbell, Carroll, Comintro, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Cropland, Davis. Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eidridge, Eiy, Farnsworth, Forker. Henry D.
Foster. Garrett, Get'/,, Goll.iday,Griffith, Haldeman,
Handles', Hanks Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford,
Hibbard, Holumn, Kerr, King, Kinsclla. Larnison,
Lewis, Manson. Marshall, McClelland, MoCormick,
McHenry, Mclntyro, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblaek, Hosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry, Pottwr, Edward Y.Riec, John M.
Bice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts. Robinson. Roose-
velt, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Slops, R.
Milton Spcer, Steven?, Storm, Sutherland. Swann,
Terry, Van Trump, Vaughan. Voorhees. Waddell,
"Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williamsof New York.
Winchester, Wood, and Young—S8.
NAYS—Messrs. Atnbler. Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Aust'n Blai«% George
M. Brooks, Buckley, Butiinton, Burohnrd, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conarer,
Cook. Cotton, Creely. Dawes. 3> Large. Dickey. Don-
nan, Karnes, Elliott Farwell, Finkolnburg, Charles
Foster, Frye, GarGold, Goodrich, Haisey, Hana^r,
George E. Harris Havens, llawley, Hay, G-'rry W.
Hazleton, John W. Hazloton, Hill, Hoar, Ilooper,
Keliey. Ketcham, Kiihnger, Lamport, Lausmg,
Lowe, Maynard. McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin.Mc-
Kee, Mercur. Merriam, M<<nr°e, Moore. Morey,
Leonard Mvers, Negley, Orr, Packard. Packer. Pal-
mer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron
P. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Pi indie, Ramey,
Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley,
Sessions. Stianks, Sheldon, Shellabarger. Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Wortinngtoa
C. Smith, Snvder. Sorasrue, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Stow ell, Sr. John. Sypher. TafFe, Thomas, Turner,
Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Valdcn.Wul-
dron. Wallace. Walls, Washburn. Wheeler. White-
ley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—115. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James G. Blair,
