522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Roderick R. Butler, Darrall, Duell, D'mnell, Ed-
wards, Hale, Hambieton, Hays, Kendall, , Leach,
Lynch. McNeely, Morphis, Peters, Price, Randall,
Read, Rogers. Thomas J- Speor, Dwight Xownsend,
Washington Xownsend, and Xuthilt—24.
So the amendment of Mr. Holman was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. MOREY. On this question my col-
league, Mr. Darrall, is paired with the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, Mr. Read, My col-
league, if here, would vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague, Mr. Ham-
bleton, who is paired with the gentleman from
Maine, Mr. Peters, would, if here, vote in
favor of this amendment.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Shellabarger, as amended, it was
1 to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the amendments offered by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in the nature of a
substitute.
Mr. BINGHAM. As all the amendments
which I have offered except those merely ver-
bal have been substantially adopted, save the
amendment to the fourth section of the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, [Mr. Shella-
barger,] which section has also been amended
by the House, I ask leave to withdraw my sub-
stitute.
There being no objection, the substitute was
■withdrawn.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in thealfirmative—yeas 118, nays 91, not voting
18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barbor,
Barry, Boatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George
M. Brooks, Bucklcy, Bulihiton, liurchard, Burdctt,
Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cook, Cotton, Croely. Dawes, Do Large, Dickey, Don-
nan, Eames, Edwards, Elliott, Farnsworth,Harwell,
Finki'lnburg, Charles Foster, Fryo, Gailicld, Good-
rich, Halo, llal-oy, llarmcr. George E. Harris,
Havens, Hiiwley, llay. Uerry W. Uazleton, John \V.
Hazloton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, ICelloy, Ketcham.Kil-
licgor, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,Maynard, McCrary,
McUrew, McJunkin, McKce, Mercur, Merriam.
Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Ncgley, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Paikcr, Peck,
Pendleton, Perco. Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Prindle, Uainoy, Ellis II. Roberts, Husk, Saw-
yer, Seoli eld, Sec ley. Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shel-
labarger, Shoemaker, 11. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Spraguo. Ste-
venson, stousinon, Stowell. St. John, Syphor, Taile,
Thomas, Turner, Twichell, Tyuer, Upson, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldroil, Wallace, Walls, Washburn,
Wheeler, Winteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wllson—IIS.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell,Campbell, Carroll, Comiiigo, Cox,
Crebs, Ciitchcr, Crossland, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Eorker. Hcory D. Foster, Gar-
rett, Get/,, (Jolladay, Griffith, llaldeman, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, John X. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard,
Dolman, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Manson. Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McHenry, Mclntyre.McKinnoy, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblank,
Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Potter, Randall, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William It.
Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood,
Stiobcr, Slater, Slocum,Sloss,R. Milton Speer, Ste-
vens, Storm. Sutherland. Swann. Terry, Van Trump,
Vaughan, V oorhees, Waddell, Warren. Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—9L
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James G. Blair,
Roderick R. Butler, Darrall, Duell, Bunnell, Ham-
bleton, Hays. Kendall, Lynch, Morphia, Peters,
Piice, Read, Thomas J. Speer, Dwight Xownsend,
Washington Xownsend, and Xuthill—18.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. YOUNG. My colleague, Mr. Piiice,
who is absent and paired with some gentleman
on the other side, would, if he were here, vote
against the bill.
Mr. AYER1LL. My colleague, Mr. Dun-
nell, is paired with the gentleman from Geor-
gia, Mr. Price. My colleague, if present,
would vote " ay."
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Morphis,
is detained at home by sickness in his family.
If he were here he would vote "ay."
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague, Mr. Ham-
bleton, who is paired with the gentleman from
Maine, Mr. Peters, would, if he were here,
vote "no," while Mr. Peters would vote
"ay."
Mr. MOREY. My colleague, Mr. Darrall,
is paired on this question with the gentleman
from Kentucky, Mr. Read. My colleague
would vote for the bill and the gentleman from
Kentucky against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated, and was followed by applause.
The SPEAKER. Members applauding set
a very bad example to the galleries.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. DAWES. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
william w. sherman.
Mr. HALSEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 337) for the relief
of the representatives of the late William W.
Sherman ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs when appointed.
MRS. SARAII IIOTCIIINGS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave lor the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the case of Mrs.
Sarah Hutchings.
william donnelly.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, also
obtained leave for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the ease of Wil-
liam Donnelly.
leave to print.
Mr. PACKARD and Mr. HAVENS obtained
leave to print in the Globe some remarks on
the bill for the enforcement of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
[See Appendix.]
leave of absence.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, was granted
leave of absence for one week.
Mr. CRITCHER was granted leave of ab-
sence for six days after to day.
- Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at six o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DAWES: A petition of the Amer-
ican board of commissioners of foreign missions
for compensation for property appropriated
during the war.
By Mr. KERR: A memorial of the Choctaw
nation, in relation to their claim to the net pro-
ceeds of their lands ceded to the United States
by treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, September
27, 1830.
. By Mr. McKINNEY : A petition of soldiers
and sailors of North Lewisburg. Ohio, praying
bounty land and equalization of bounty.
By Mr. MBRCUlt: The petition of Loren
W. Forrest, late sergeant in company F, sixth
regiment Pennsylvania reserves, asking for
relief.
By Mr. PECK : The petition of J. W. Avers,
H. Hawkins, Hamilton Campbell, and 43
others, citizens and soldiers of Paulding coun-
ty, Ohio, asking the passage of a law grant-
ing to each soldier, sailor, and marine, one
hundred and sixty acres of land without requir-
ing settlement; also, a bounty of $8 33J per
month to all who-have not received it.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: A joint resolution
adopted by the General Assembly of Ohio,
March 30, 1871, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives in Congress
from the State of Ohio to use their influence
to amend the homestead laws.
IN SENATE.
Eriday, April 7, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] was authorized to
speak to-day upon the question of San Do-
mingo, and if there is no objection the Chair
will not call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday at one o'clock, so as to interrupt him,
hut will defer it by general consent until after
the conclusion of his remarks. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to present
some petitions before the Senator proceeds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I yield for
that purpose.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorials
of thirty-one citizens of Cleveland, Ohio; one
hundred and four citizens of Fort Wayne,
Indiana; ninety-six citizens of Indianapolis,
Indiana; ninety-two citizens of Louisville, Ken-
tucky ; seventy-three citizens of St. Louis, Mis-
souri; fifty-one citizens of Atlanta, Georgia ;
ninety-two citizens of Chicago, Illinois ; thirty-
nine citizens of Galena, Illinois; and sixty-two
citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, complaining
of recent decisions of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, by which they say very severe
burdens are put upon the people without, au-
thority of law. I do not know that anything
can be done with them except to lay them
upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorials
will lie upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the following
resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed :
Whereas the present law of the United States
granting homesteads to soldiers upon condition of
actual settlement amounts to a practical exclusion
of this deserving, helpless class of thedefenders of
our country from obtaining any benefit therelrom :
Xherefore,
He it resolved by the General Aftaemhly of the State of
Ohio, That the Sena tors of Ohio be instructed and the
Representatives in Congress be requested to use their
influence to amend thebill now ponding before Con-
gress to grant homesteads to soldiers upon actual
settlement, so as to grant, without settlement, one
hundred and sixty acres of land to each officer, musi-
cian, and private who having lost an arm or leg, or
both, or who are, on account of other wounds or dis-
ability s received or contracted in the service of the
United States and in the line of duty, during the
late rebellion, incapacitated from performing bodily
labor.
ItewlveA, That the Governor be, and is hereby, re-
quested to forward a copy of theforegoing resolution
to each of the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress from this State at his earliest convenience.
A. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Speaker of the Hovfte of Representative/,.
J. C. LEE,
President of the Senate.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of offi-
cers and seamen of the western navy during
the war for the suppression of the rebellion
praying a distribution of the proceeds of the
seizure made by the Mississippi and Gulf
