284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
The second source of information is the
statements and knowledge of members. Is
there any member in this House on either side
who does nofc know of his own knowledge or
upon statements of his fellow-members that
there be Ku Klux in many parts of the south-
ern States? After careful inquiry I have been
unable to find any such member, and every
gentleman who has addressed the House has
averred or expressly or tacitly admitted the
fact.
The third source is official documents—mes-
sages and proclamations of the President, and
reports of executive officers to Congress ; and
these are on our desks in piles, attesting the
existence, character, purposes, and operations
of the Klan.
The fourth source of evidence, least used by
legislative assemblies though most certain in
its results, is the testimony of witnesses sum-
moned according to law and examined and
cross-examined under oath. * We have tomes
of such testimony, containing thousands of
pages of the sworn evidence of witnesses who
prove the widespread existence and the law-
less doings of the ICu Klux Klan. Let us look
into these volumes of official documents and
sworn evidence. Here is the testimony of one
whose word will weigh with that of any man
since Washington, George II. Thomas, who
appeaj|d before the House Committee on Re-
construction on the 29th day of January, 1866 :
I do not think it would be safo at this time to re-
move the national troops from Tennessee or with-
draw martial law, or to restore the writ of habeas
corpus to its full extent. +
Question. Have you any reason to believe that
thero may bo another outbreak?
Answer. I have received communications from va-
rious persons in the South that there was an under-
standing among1 tho rebels, and perhaps organiza-
tions formed or forming, for tho purpose of gaining
as many advantages for themselves as possible; ana
T have heard it also intimated that these men are
very anxious and would do all in thoir power to in-
volvo tho United States in a foreign war, so that, if
a fuvorablo opportunity should offer, they might
turn against tho (Government of tho United States
again, I do not think they will ever again attempt
an outbreak on tbeir own account, because tboy all
admit that they had a fair trial in the late rebellion
and got thoroughly worsted. There is no doubt but
what there u a universal disposition among .the
rebels in tbc South to embarrass the Government in
its administration, if they can, so to gain as many
advantages for themsolvos as possible.
Question. In what could those advantages consist,
in breaking up the Government?
Awtmr. They wish to bo recogm/.od as citizens of
the United States, with tho same rights that they
had bel'ove tho war.
Question. How can they do that—by involving us
in a war wilh England or Prancc, in which thoy
would take part against us?
Answer. In that oven t their desiro is to reestablish
the southern confederacy. They have notyefe given
up Ihmr desire tor a separate government, and if
thoy have an opportunity to strike for it again they
will d") so.
Qucttion. Docs the intelligence in regard to these
org ionizations roach you from such authentic sources
as to command your belief of thoir existence?
Answer. Yes, sir; it comes from very reliable men.
And ho came again on the 2d day of Febru-
ary, ';!8G(j, and said:
Que it ion. Do you know anything, from informa-
tion or report, of secret organizations in the South
said to bo hostile to the Government of the United.
Stite.3?
Answer. I have received several communications
to that effect; but the persons who have given me
thisinformationhavodesired thattheir names should
not be mentioned, and as yet no direct accusations
have been made in regard to any one person or any
elass of persons. There have been stops taken to
ascertain the truth of the matter. The persons com-
municating with me are reliable and truthful, and
I believe their statements are correct in the main.
But how far this disaffection extends I am not as yet
able to say. It does exist to a certain extent, and I
am taking measures to obtain as much information
on the subject as I can.
Question. To what States does this information
relate?
# Answer. It relates to all tho States lately in rebel-
lion. I think there is no real danger to be appre-
hended, because the military authority and power
of the Government is not only feared in those States,
but I think it is ample to pat down any serious
demonstration.
Question. Is this information fromdiffercntscturces,
each entirely independent of the other ?
Answer, Yes, sir.
Question. So far as you are informed, what are the
nature and objects of this organization?
Answer. To embarrass the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States in the proper administration of the affairs
of the country, by endeavoring or making strong
efforts to gain very important concessions to the
people of tho South; if possible, to repudiate tho
national debt incurred in consequencc of the rebel-
lion, or to gain such an ascendency in Congress as to
make provision for the assumption by Congress of
the debt incurred by the rebel government; also, in
case the United States Government can be involved
in a foreign war, to watch their opportunity and take
advantage of the first that occurs to strike for the
independence of the States lately in rebellion.
There is the testimony of George II. Thomas,
in the winter of 1866, showing that the chaotic
rebel elements were then forming into disloyal
societies in all the States lately in rebellion.
How did it happen that so soon after they were
conquered they dared again conspire? It was
during the winter of 186G that the man high-
est in power was giving them encouragement.
Andrew Johnson, whom we had honored with
the second position in the Government, having
obtained the first by the hand of an assassin,
was turning his back on the loyal people and
the cause for which they fought and reviving
hopes of discomfited traitors. February 22,
1866, he made the speech in which he declared
war upon the Republican party and the rep-
resentatives of the people and denounced our
foremost men. It wilt be an interesting inquiry
for history how far this recreant President and
the rebel leaders then understood each other.
general thomas's official report.
In his official report for the year 1803 Gen-
eral Thomas again refers to the subject, and
says:
With the close of the last and beginning of the
new year tho State of Tennessee was disturbed by
tho strange operations of a mysterious organization
known as tho Ku Klux IClan, which first made its
appearance in Giles county. AVithin a few weeks
it had sproad ovor a great part of the State an<l cre-
ated no littlo alarm. Accounts of it from many
sources were received at these headquarters; the
newspaper? recognized its existence by publishing
articles on tho subject, either denunciator or with
.an attempt to treat its proceedings as harmless
jokes, according to the political opinions of their
oditors. Tho assistant commissioner of the Bureau
of Kefugocs, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands for
Tennessee, in his reports, copies of which were fur-
nished me, narrated many of tho proceedings of tho
organization, whoso acts were shown to be of a law-
less and diabolical nature. Organized companies
of men, mounted and armed, horses and riders being
disguised, patrolled the country, making demonstra-
tions calculated to frighten quiet citizons, and in
many instances abused and outraged them, espe-
cially that class of colored people who, by their
energy, industry, and good conduct, are most prom-
inent #
That portion of the press of tho State whoso great-
est labors are to bring odium upon all who aided to
savo tho Government from being destroyed by tho
late rebellion hastened to deny tho truth of' tho
statements made to me, reflected with severity upon
their authors, and to fortify their assertions procured
and published tho certificates of a few amiable per-
sons of northern birth who were living in Nashville
under the protection of a well-organized police force
that the alarm was a false one. But this only oaused
to be added further evidence confirming the truth
of the original statements. From this time forth I
was in receipt of stories of oppression and outrage
committed by these midnight prowlers. It was evi-
dent that the old spirit of proscription was far from
having died out; it had remained a latent fire ready
to burst forth with violence upon tho least occasion.
* * * * The metropolitan police of Mem-
phis arrested tho members of one of the dens at their
meeting, seized some papers containing what pur-
ported to be the oaths and obligations of the mem-
bora of the society, which being published caused
considerable excitement, as by these papers one of
the objects of the society appeared to be the assas-
sination of all who interfered with their plans.
* $ $ J: *
An explanation of or cxcuse for the formation of
tho Ku Klux organization, made by its defenders,
was that it was tho natural result of tho existence
of the "Loyal Leagues," secret organizations of
Union men. It is reasonable to suppose this may
be correct; but injustice to the latter, however im-
politic or unwise their acts may be, there has been
reported to me no one instance of any outrage or
unlawful act having been committed by them.
Wcll-authonticated information leads me to believe
that the Ku Klux Klan was primarily but a species
of organization without settled plans; butthe pecu-
liar condition of Tennessee, the inability, unwilling-
ness, and apathy of the local authorities, combined
to demonstrate that if organized thoroughly, upon a
semi-military basis, thesociety could maintain itself,
extend its power, and perform whatever it sought to
do without let or hinderance, its great purposebeing
to establish a nucleus around which the adherents
of the late rebellion, active or passive, might safely
rally,thus establishing a grand political society, the
future operations of which would be governed by
circumstances fast developing in the then peculiar
era of exciting public events. It is a matter of his-
torynow, acknowledged by itsleaders and the public
press, that the society did extend itself through-
out the South, and its operations in the unrecon-
structed States were of such a nature as to require
the direct interference of the United States authori-
ties to suppress them. I have deemed it to bo my
duty to watch closely these organized oppositions to
the Government, not from fear of their success, but
to enable the Governmeat to counteract them.
•( y 1$ $s * •>-
Reviewing occurrences connected with tho admin-
istration of affairs in the department for the past
year, lam enabled to report that, to some extent,
the presence of troops has prevented personal col-
lisions and partisan difficulties; but only partially
so, for it is mortifying to acknowledge that the State
and local laws which should do so, and tho more
powerful force of public opinion, do not protect tho
citizens of the department from violence; in fact,
crimo is committed because public opinion favors
it, or, at least, acquiesces in it. The local laws arc
enforced or not, according to the controlling opin-
ions of the community: a criminal who is popular
with the mob can set law at defiance, but if a man
is only charged with or suspected of crime, if he is
inimical to the community,he is likely to be hanged
to the nearest tree, or shot down at his own door.
The causes of this lawlessness are different in the
different States, and apply more particularly to
Kentucky and Tennessee. In Tennessee, where a
majority of the late rebels are disfranchised, they,
and sympathizers with them, have a hatred for the
State authorities which is unconcealed and aggres-
sive. Iu localities where the disfranchised element
is strong, a spirit of persecution toward those in
sympathy with the authorities, those who recognize
the political rights of tho enfranchised negroes, and
the negroes themselves, especially shows itself in
ntter contcmpt of all respect for law. Violence is
openly talked of. The editorials of the public press
are such as to create the most intense hatred in the
breasts of ex-rebel3 and thoir sympathizers. The
effcct of this is to cause disturbance throughout the
{State, by inciting the ruffianly portion of this class
of citizens to murder, rob. and maltreat white
Unionists and colored people, in localities where
there arc no United. States troops stationed. The
local authorities often have not the will, and more
often have not the power, to suppress or prevent
these outrages.
In Kentucky disfranchisement cannot be alleged
as «. reason for the disturbance; here the mass of
the people are in sympathy with the State author-
ities, and those politically opposed make no attempt
to resist them. The colored people are quiet and
peaceable; they liavo no political rights, not being
enfranchised, yet ruffians are permitted to tyran-
nize over them, without fear of punishment. The
testimony of negroes is refused in the State courts,
and the united States courts are difficult of access
to an ignorant people, without friends or influence.
In some districts ex-Union soldiers are persecuted
by their more numerous rebel neighbors, until they
are forced into a resistance which sometimes cuds
with the loss of their lives, or they are compelled
in self-defense to emigrate. An appeal to the courts
affords but little hopo for redress, as magistrates
and juries too often decide in accordance with their
prejudices, without regard to justice. The control-
ling cause of tho unsettled condition of affairs in the
department is that the greatest efforts made by tho
defeated insurgents since the close of the war have
been to promulgate the idea that the cause of lib-
erty, justice, humanity, equality, and all the calen-
dar of the virtues of freedom suffered violence and
wrong when the effort for southern independence
failed. This is, of course, intended as a specics of
political cant, whereby the crime of treason might
be covered with a counterfeit varnish of patriotism,
so that the precipitators of the rebellion might go
down in history hand in hand with the defenders of
tho Government, thus wiping out with their own
hands their own stains, a species of self-forgiveness
amazing in its effrontery, when it is considered that
life and property—justly forfeited by the laws of the
country, ot war, and of nations, through the mag-
nanimity of the Government and people—were not
exacted from them.
Under this inspiration, the education of the great
body of the people, moral, religious, and political,
has been turned into channels wherein all might
unite in common. The impoverishment of tho
South, resulting from war and its concomitants, tho
emancipation of slaves, and the consequent loss of
substance, the ambiguity and uncertainty of polit-
ical rights and financial values, as well as personal
rivalries, have all combined to strengthen the efforts
of pcrnicious teachers. The evil done has been
great, and it is not discernible that an immediate
improvement may be expected.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient
se"ant> GEO. H. THOMAS,
Major General U. S. A., Commanding,
Adjutant General U. S. Akmy,
Washington City, D. C.
