524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
hears no objection, and that order is taken.
The Senator from Vermont will proceed.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, let me say in the outset that the message
from the President, accompanying the report
of the commissioners, has my cordial approval.
If a partisan press has heretofore assailed his
character, that, in the face of the report, will
be no longer possible. The President wisely
remits the question to the voice of the people,
and stands, as at his inauguration, with no
policy to enforce against their wishes. This I
regard as an end of a vexed question ; and I
should not have trespassed upon the patience
of the Senate only that I think it just and fail-
that some of the reasons for regarding the
annexation of Santo Domingo with disfavor
should be allowed to have utterance at the
same time with the dissemination of a report
which is likely to attract more or less the
attention of the country.
Mr. President, differing as I do from the
President as to his Santo Domingo policy, it is
only just to say in the outset that 1 have ever
freely accorded to him the credit of being
actuated by the purest motives in whatever he
has done to promote the swift accomplishment
of annexation. In his methods he may have
committed errors, but his intentions, I feel
confident, will bear the scrutiny of the final
Judge of all men. Let those who have done
truer and braver work for their country, if any
such there be, assail President Grant, but as
for me I hold no tide to give point to any sen-
tence with the purpose of inflicting a stab upon
his reputation. All parts of his late annual
message were able—most of it exceedingly sat-
isfactory to the country—but there was no part
of it more elaborate than that touching Santo
Domingo. It is a subject deserving serious
examination, and I wish an answer might be
made in terms as terse and of equal clearness
as those employed in the message; but it is
ray purpose to touch upon only a few of the
points there and elsewhere so strongly urged.
In doing this, however, I shall be frank and
earnest. Less than this would neither be
truthful to the State I in part represent nor
respectful to the Senate.
The report of the commissioners may speak
well of tlie climate because, in five weeks, it
never hurt them ; favorably of the soil because
it really produces bananas and pine-apples,
never seen in Ohio, New York, or Massachu-
setts ; slightingly of the iron, copper, and gold
mines, as they had annihilated "distance,"
the only thing that "lends enchantment to
the view," and the inhabitants may not have
been aware that they were expected to produce
anything valuable of this sort; despondingly of
finding eoal at Sarnana, where there is only a
poor show of lignite ; but the report will be
well sprinkled with salt—Syracuse must look
after its saltness—and yet it will be found
neither more exhaustive nor reliable than a
large number of works from the hands of im-
partial travelers who have heretofore visited
the island and devoted far more time to the
investigation of facts. Their report may be
faithful as to what they saw, but it cannot
supersede authorities of equal character and
much larger opportunities, and will be chiefly
valuable for vindicating, what needed no vin-
dication, the personal integrity of the Presi-
dent and that of the gallant young officer
charged with negotiating the defeated treaty.
ANNEXATION PIN.IL—DIVOKOE FOREVER IMPOSSIBLE.
A treaty, or joint resolution, of annexation
once made and adopted must be final and irrev
ocable. However sad and long the train of
evils succeeding, there isabsolutely no remedy.
Divorce is impossible. After the Missouri
pours its muddy flood into the Mississippi, the
Father of Waters never again recovers its ori-
ginal purity, but rolls down its whole course in
afoul, discolored, and turbid condition, until,
through a half dozen wide-gaping mouths, it
disembogues into the great Gulf below. Let
this West India stream of annexation but once
pour its foul current into the history of the
United States, and its polluted track will be
visible for all coming time, or so long as the
Union shall be preserved from the great gulf
below.
Theannual message of thePresidentbrought
into one golden sheaf the heads of a large num-
ber of arguments in behalf of Santo Domingo an-
nexation, strong enough to stand while closely
huddled together, but doomed to bend and fall
one after another when standing alone and
examined separately and apart, or when the
rhetorical band holding them so snugly together
has been once broken. The task of dealing
with the wholeof these state-paper suggestions
would be an inviting one if assertions could be
as briefly refuted as they can be briefly made.
"There is butoneGod, and Mohammed is his
prophet" is quickly and stoutly said; and while
the first branch of the proposition receives uni-
versal assent, the last, though incredible, has
to be refuted by the tedious processes of facts
and arguments. I shall undertake to grapple
with what may bo considered the most material
arguments in behalf of Dominican annexation,
as well as a few of" those requiring, it may be,
some patience to consider, but patience only
to refute.
A 1IULI.Y AitONG REPUBLICS HOT LOVED.
Our reputation among our sister republics in
America is not wholly unblemished, nor is it,
1 fear, likely to grow brighter by the history of
the Santo Domingo complications. Not that
we have in our foreign relations always been
in the wrong, but that we seem to have pos-
sessed a wonderful aptitude to get embroiled
with weaker nationalities. All remember the
circumstances of our troubles with Mexico, or
of her troubles with us. We tore from her side
the large State of Texas, and when she pouted
about the extravagant boundary claimed we
declared that war existed by her act, and
fought bloody battles for three years to make
her surrender and sell two or three more large
States; but the wounds of poor Mexico have
been bleeding ever since, and if wo are looked
upon with any favor, it is when in comparison
with the French.
Then, in 18a"2, Greytown, the principal port
of one of the republics of Central America,
was bombarded and burned by a naval force
of the United States, on the flimsy charge that
its inhabitants had infringed t-he rights of the
transit company. No reparation on our part
has ever been made for this wanton and brutal
exercise of power.
Soon after this commenced the career of
the filibuster Walker; first in Sonora, Lower
California, then in Nicaragua, where at last
he was driven into liivas, and, taking shelter
on board the United States sloop-oi'-war St.
Mary's, was brought to New Orleans, but only
to receive sympathy, and not punishment, for
his piratical achievements. Mr. Buchanan
was loud in deprecating such crimes, but could
find no authority for punishing the criminals.
Put when Walker, in I860, struck at Honduras
he was captuted and met the fate he had so
long deserved. His acts, nevertheless, inef-
f'aceably stained the character of our country.
With Paraguay we had some difficulty, ten
years ago or more, which caused us to send a
formidable naval exuedition there with threat-
ening demands. Will she ever forget or for-
give us
Our attitude toward Cuba has frequently
put our relations with Spain in jeopardy.
Sometimes we propose to buy it at a great
price, and sometimes our private citizens pro-
pose to take it by force at their own risk and
expense.
in 1860 we withdrew our minister from Peru
in consfquence of the seizure of two Ameii
can vessels which were illegally loaded with
guano at an island from which the Peruvian
Government did not permit it to be exported
to foreign countries. Peru has paid no dam-
ages, and loves us little.
Only recently, while Brazil was at war with
Paraguay, the passage of the American gun-
boat Wasp up the Paraguay to bring away the
American minister, Mr. Washburn, was re-
fused, and thereupon General Webb demanded
an apology at a fixed time or he would close
his diplomatic relations. The Brazilian Gov-
ernment sullenly complied, but our repeated
offers thereafter to mediate in the war against
Paraguay were steadily declined. Such kind
offices, it is humiliating to admit, would be
accepted by Brazil or almost any other Amer-
ican Government with more alacrity when ten-
dered by European nations than if tendered
by the United States.
This unpleasant recital might be continued,
but is not this enough to require a little more
circumspection on our part, and to see to it,
while we submit to nothing wrong, that we
do not carry ourselves like a bully among little
nations?
The annexation of Santo Domingo, whether
of spontaneous origin or nursed by the mili-
tary, naval, and financial power of the United
States, cannot fail to excite the jealousy and
fear of all the American republics. The Uni-
ted States will be the great land-shark of the
continent, whose friendship entices only to
devour and whose anger can only be appeased
by destruction. Our neighborhood, instead
of being one of cordial sympathy and support,
becomes one of apprehension and danger to
all inferior independent Governments. May
not any official, who can obtain nominal su-
premacy in the government of his people,
count on the flag and the Treasury of the
United States as an ally whenever he is ready
to betray and sell his country ? The American
Republic should be the protector, the coun-
selor, and guide of all her sister republics,
and not a ravenous beast of prey.
If our natural growth prior to our late war
excited the envy and distrust of the aristocracy
of England and France, because,- as they said,
we were becoming too arrogant and aggressive,
can we not be content therewith without
seeking extraordinary accessions to our bulk,
and such accessions, too, as will be far more
likely to contribute to our downfall than to
our up-building? The natural growth of a freo
country must be respected, be let alone, and
will receive the universal admiration of free-
men, but a forced or artificial growth is not
only often circumvented, but nearly always a
positive calamity.
ARK OTJll PEOPLE NOW HOMOGENEOUS.
It is useless to disguise the fact that the
people of a portion of our present territory ■
have not become assimilated with the Ameri-
can people and American institutions, and the
time when they will do so must be computed,
not by years, but by generations. To say
nothing of our lately acquired Siberia, com-
monly called Alaska, it must be conceded that
Arizona, N«yw Mexico, Utah, and that portion
of Texas bordering upon Mexico are }et not
only essentially un-American, but they have no
overwhelming attachment to our form of
government nor to the Anglo-Saxon race.
Their first love was of a diffeient complexion.
If the strong arm of the United States should
at any time become weak, it would receive
no succor from these localities, (the conspicu-
ous acquisitions of manifest destiny,) but their
population would at any time, most likely,
flock to the banner of any cocked-hat revolu-
tionist. Their civilization is at variance and
not in harmony with our own. Having little
commerce and almost wholly destitute of
educational institutions, they are making no
advances in the arts or sciences, literature or
politics, and are neither better nor worse than
they were years ago. It is certainly a matter
to be regretted that any portion of our Union
should seem to lag in the rear of the highest
