3871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
type of civilization, but it must be a sorry con-
solation to them or to us to add to the Union
still darker patches in order to give to the
places indicated the conspicuous advantages
of a contrast.
It is also to be apprehended that the late
masters of the emancipated race in the south-
ern States will make few sacrifices for the en-
lightenment of that race or do anything which
will elevate the colored people above depend-
ence. The unflinching policy of all the States
lately in rebellion would seem to be to subor-
dinate the black man, intellectually as well as
politically, and to give him no means of sup-
port except in accordance with compacts to
■which he is not an equal party. Under a sys-
tem like this millionsof freedmen may continue
to have their ancient ignorance fostered and
perpetuated and the prospect of making them
intelligent citizens, enjoying the protection of
of our Government—if they can be said to enjoy
it—and giving in return a full equivalent there-
for, will not very speedily be realized. The
result is that the roaster race, embittered by
defeat in the recent conflict, studies political
revenge for the future, and the freedman is to
be kept in such poverty and ignorance as to
make him of little value to himself and of
still less to his country.
These may be unwelcome truths, but if their
verity is undeniable, prudent statesmanship
requires that we should not be deluded by the
vain idea that the consequences may be avoided
by denial or by silence. The risks of the future
ought not to be multiplied, though all the ragged
and fugitive kingdoms of the world should seek
annexation to us and show an eagerness to
undertake their part of the risk. There are
but few of even the brightest spots on earth
which under any circumstances would be ac-
ceptable to us, and none that should be urged
bv any appliances of the Treasury or Navy.
We desire to retain the prestige of teaching
nations by our example how to govern them-
selves, rather than to imperil ourown existence
by attempting to govern the incapables, whether
near or remote, upon fat soils or lean. We
cannot confer freedom upon any foreign peo-
ple, much less upon a people who have not
earned it, nor have the sense and energy to
accept it. Freedom is the reward of merit,
and not a subject of commerce or charity. At
home we may make freemen of slaves or sav-
ages, but t.hey will be so nominally only, re-
quiring the protection of older freemen until
they have been educated np to the point of
appreciating their new privileges. Meanwhile
they must be objects of solicitude, to some
extent of weakness and of increased expendi-
ture.
BAY OP SAMANA A COSTLY ELEPHANT.
One of the arguments in behalf of annexa-
tion is that we need the bay of Samana as a
harbor for the protection of our commerce.
Why do we need it? Certainly not for a coal-
ing station unless we first carry coal there.
Santo Domingo embraces the easternmost, part
of the island, far beyond St. Thomas, Cuba,
and Jamaica, and almost entirely outside of
the oidinary routes of commerce, with the
Atlantic on one side and the Caribbean sea
on the other. Even the steamships for Aspin
wall pass west of Hayti, and of course far out
of the way of Samana, which is six degrees
east of New York. The trade of Vera Cruz
and the Gulf States passes between the Florida
Keys and Cuba—being much the shortest dis-
tance—and, when returning north, of course
all vessels seek to secure the considerable
advantage of the Gulf stream. The perils of
foreign ownership of the West India islands
have not hitherto crippled American shipping,
and are not likely to embarrass it in the least
hereafter. No trade passing to Louisiana,
Texas, or Mexico would for a moment call at
the bay of Samana, lying easterly and far out
of the way, while the " Windward passage"
also lies west even of Hayti and east of the
most easterly part of Cuba. Only the "Mona
passage" lies east of Santo Domingo, and
the commerce taking this route is mainly that
small amount which goes in the direction of
Venezuela.
The fact that the Tennessee, sent out on a
national mission, with five hundred men and
nine alert newspaper reporters on board, was
as much lost to the world for the long period
of thirty-three days as though she had been
navigating in the open Polar sea, exhibits in
the strongest light the absence of trade and
ships in the route to Samana, and also its
useless remoteness as a harbor for us or any
other nation. The bay, too shallow for ships
even of the second class, like the Tennessee,
to approach within three miles of the shores to
receive coal, and proverbially unhealthy, offers
no protection whatever to American shipping
interests. Whenever those interests may need
protection, it will be only in time of war, and
none but active cruisers, ships of war not afraid
to venture forth out of harbors, would there be
of any service. A navy cooped up in the bay
of Samana and defended by powerful shore
batteries, might be out of the reach of an
enemy, but it would be of no value to any
exposed commerce. Vessels of war go forth
to fight, not to seek shelter.
If we need a naval station in the West
Indies, do we not need one much more in
the Mediterranean ? Really we need nothing
of the sort anywhere. The Algerine and other
pirates on the coast of Africa have seen some-
thing of the American Navy, and will not be
likely to forget it. Commerce is as safe there
as in Chesapeake bay. In the China seas or
Japan there is far more reason for a naval
station than here at home, where we have on
our own snores any number of good and safe
harbors, and which are more formidable to a
foreign enemy than Samana could be made by
an expenditure of millions. The acquisition
of Samana bay was originally based upon a
supposed necessity discovered by Secretary
Seward, and which really temporarily existed
during a lime when all of our southern har-
bors were held by rebels; but no sane man
can suppose such a condition of affairs is
to be again apprehended and provided for,
and if it were to be apprehended, future trai-
tors might be expected to obtain quicker and
easier possession of Samana—like another
Norfolk—than of Mobile, Pensaeola, Savan-
nah, or Charleston. Samana may be safely
dismissed with the rebellion, and with it the
countless millions of expenditure which a great
oceanic naval station would involve.
Bat it is insisted that we want a naval station
in the bay of Samana for the security of our
commerce. The baselessness of this assump-
tion will be further seen from the fact that we
have, and can have, but the merest pittance
of commerce which can ever display itself
in that harbor. It all goes and must go fur-
ther west or further east. To reach Samana,
even the trade wtnch now goes nearest must
sail two hundred and forty miles out of the
way to reach this out of the way station, and
then sail back again two hundred and forty
miles—making in ail a voyage of four hundred
and eighty miles—to no purpose ; for when
Samana is thus reached the only business is,
and would be, to get away, as the bay is as
empty as that part, of the Lake Gennesaret,
where Simon Peter and his partners, James
and John, toiled all night taking nothing.
Besides, if a harbor were needed, unless we
were at war with Hayti, there are other har-
bors far more convenient near at hand—Go-
naives, St. Mare, Portau Prince, and, if not at
war with Great Britain, there is a fine harbor
directly in the route of commerce, at Kingston,
Jamaica, it is not likely we shall be at war
with eiiher of the countries named, certainly
not with both, unless we should ouiselves in-
spire the cause by an act of petty larceny, and
he caught with Santo Domingo in our pockets..
If we merely want harbors for peaceful com-
merce they are to be had for nothing, ever
gratuitously open to our use.
Before we can possibly need a naval station
at Samana we must build up commerce there,
and then create a naval fleet to be placed
therefor its protection; a course not unlike
that of the boy who buys a d ar purse before
he has anything to put in it. We have no com-
merce now in Santo Domingo; but it is assumed
that if we only provide for its protection,
though it would need no such protection if we
had it, that it would spring forth as miracu-
lously as the gushing water from the rock
touched by the rod of Moses. Our greatest
foreign commerce is with Liverpool, and yet
that port is three thousand miles away from
any naval station of the United States. It is
quite apparent, if we are strong at home, that
our flag alone will protect us anywhere abroad.
Respect is inspired by the banner which rep-
resents power in reserve, rather than by a few
guns floating in distant seas, and which could
not float whenever a large number of hostile
guns appeared. National plunderers, as well
as private corsairs of the ocean, have disap-
peared before the march of modern civiliza-
tion, and treaties of amity and commerce now
guard the trade of the world.
Can it be pretended that we need Samana
for the purpose of national defense, when we
have nothing there, unless we first place it
there, to defend? Who is to attack us? Who
threatens in the background? Nobody! If
Great, Britain may rely upon the security that
the " streak of silver sea" affords, we know
that for the United States the broad Atlantic
is a much more impassable bulwark. But in
order to make Samana a defensive point we
have first to go two thousand miles to fortify
it, and then go there to be defended. We leave
places of safety to find shelter where weaker
nations are our equals, where many naval
Powers are our superiors, and where the cli-
mate gives the black man very little quarter,
and the white man none at all.
The plea that we want the harbor of Samana
for any purpose is only a link in the evidence
that Hayti, not Santo Domingo, i3 really cov-
eted and sought, for the harbors of Hayti only
could furnish any real accommodation, being
far better and less remote. The air in the bay
is stagnant, and not even Ireshened by the trade
winds, as the bay is so land locked that they do
not penetrate beyond its mouth. On shore
the land front has been gobbled up by the per-
petual leases obtained by such diligent,seekers
of thrift as Fabens, 0'Sullivan, and Cazneau.
We are asked to buy the site, next to im-
prove and fortify it, and then to occupy it
with a naval fleet, with the vain idea that we
might thus fire the languid brains and torpid
muscles of the Dominicans to make sugar, grow
coflee, and hack down the mahogany trees in
such incredible quantities as to glut the world
with their exports. We are asked to launch
one expendituie which drags alter it numerous
others of greater and constantly increasing
magnitude, and all for the desperate purpose
of establishing a permanent commerce and
American institutions where nothing has been
permanent but failures and revolutions, or for
the even more desperate purpose of finding
security for our Republic by making fast to
a tropical island, whose foundations have
been often shaken by earthquakes, and which
is scarred all over with the political as well as
atmospherical hurricanes of previous cen-
turies.
The frank-spoken sailor, Commander Self-
ridge, in one of his letters to the Secretary of
the Navy, July 14, 1809, starts most unpleas-
ant suggestions. He writes:
" If it is the desireof the Goversmentto possess a
port m the island of Hayti either by purchase or
lease, I know ot' 110 poit in the West Indies in con-
venience of approach, facility of defense, salubrity
of position, or of strategic situation, that the port of
Nicola Mole, on the northwestern extremity of
