288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
K.u Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
John Dunlap says:
Question, Mr. Dunlap, state your age, residence,
and occupation. t . „ '
Answer. I am thirty-five years old; my residence
is Shelbyville, Tennessee; my occupation is school-
teaching.
Question. How long have you resided in Shelby-
ville, and where did you come from before settling
in Shelbyville?
Answer. I have lived in Shelbyville nearly four
years, and came from Oxford, Ohio, to Tennessee.
Question. Did you oversee any disguised men, com-
monly called Ku Klux ? If so, state when, where,
how many there were, and what they said and did.
Answer. I saw what I supposed to be fifty in
number on the night of July 4, 1868. They came
to my residence in Shelbyville, Tennessee, about
ten o'clock at night? they and their horses were dis-
guised. When I first saw tbemthey were dismount-
ing in front of my house, and yelled they wanted me,
and started in a rush for my door. I shut the door
against them and locked it. They then surrounded
my house and shot at me twice through the window,
and then broke open my door and surrounded me,
telling me they would not kill meif I would give up
my revolver and not shoot at them, as I held it in
my hand presented at them. I accordingly sur-
rendered, and they carried me out and mounted me
behind one of their number, not giving me time to
draw on my coat or put on my hat, but took me
along without coat or hat. They then returned to
the square, and on the way said they were from tho
battle-ground of Chickamauga, and said they rode
hard all day to get here (Shelbyville) to take part
in my celebration, (as my school had celebrated the
day,) but could not reaen here (Shelbyville) in tirao,
so they concluded to have a celebration to-night,
(tLie 4t.h of JuJ,y, 1808.) From the square they went
to Brit.ton street, and broke into tho house of a col-
ored man by the name of James Franklin, dragged
him from his house andraountedhim behind ono of
their number, and then rode to tho square, whero
they formed in a semicircle and blew their whistles,
and gave three cheers for Andrew Johnson. They
then rode across Duck river, where they dismounted
[Franklin and myself. They then had Franklin
undress himself, and then blindfolded him, and they
then whipped him with what I supposed to be a
leather thong, each one of their number striking
him five strokes apiece, and then left him to return
to his home. They ordered me to walk on with thorn
about three hundred yards further, whero thoy
stripped me and whipped me the same as they did
JVanklin, cutting and bruising me in many places,
and 1 carry the marks on ray person at this time.
Whilo whipping mo, ono of thoir number told mo I
talked like a damned Yankoe, and ho intended to
whip me like one. The captain told him not to insult
mo,buttogotthiough wbippingmo. When through,
they told me thero wore too many northern men
down here, and they intended to servo them all as
they had served me. Tho captain then ordered me
to leave Shelbyville on tho following Monday and
go whore I came from, or thoy would kill me if found
in Shelby viiio after that day, and that if 1 over foil
into the hands of the Kian again they would have no
mercy, and X need not expect it. I did not leave as
ordered, and on the 0th tho postmaster handed me an
unstamped letter, with, my name written in red ink.
On opouing tho letter, I found it to be from the Ku
Klux Klan and dated at one of their dens. Tho
letter itself was written with red ink, and warned
me to leave by the 10th of the present month (July)
or they would take mo out and burn mo to death.
X accordingly wont to Nashville, Tennessee, where
.1 remained nearly two mouthy, when I again re-
turned and resumed my school* -I forgot to state in
tho beginning, as I should have done, that thoKlan
carried a flesh flag in the shapo of a heart, and asked
me how X liked it, and said it meant Ku Klux. X
was not disturbed again until tho first Saturday
night in January, i860, when about sixty disguised
men, armed and mounted, rode into tho public
square, hallooing thoy wanted Dunlap and fried
nigger meat, and then rode down Washington street
toward myresidence; when aboutonehundrodyards
from tho public square, a few friends and myself
fired upon them and they rode quickly out of sight,
since which time X have not seen any Ivu Klux.
Question* Are you now, and were you at the time
you were beaten, teaching a school; and if so, was
it a public school?
Answer. X am now teaching the public school in
this place for colored youth, and was at the time I
was beaten by tho Ku Klux.
Question. You say that the Klan carried a flesh
flag; what do you mean by a flesh flag?
Ant war. I mean tho color of flesh.
Question. Couldyoudistinguish thecolor by moon-
light?
Answer. I could; besides, my attention was called
to it by tho member of the Klau behind whom I rode.
The following is the form of the notice which
he received:
Notice.
Mr. Dunlap, by order of tho M. G., I write you
this letter to inform you you must leave Shelbyville
by the 16th of this month, (July, 1868,) if not, we will
take you out, tie you to a stake, and burn you to
death. Beware. By order of the K. IC. K.
And then, with running, large letters, the
word "Shelbyville" was written similar to
the following: "Shelbyville."
This threat of burning was not idle, for in
Georgia the Ku Klux Klan actually burned a
man alive at the stake.
hanging.
Captaia J. W. King swears:
Question. Were your premises ever visited by the
Ku Klux; and if so, what did they do and say ?
Answer. My own plantation was visited twice
and the hands driven off, they reporting to me that
the disguised desperadoes saying they would run
every Radical out of the country. Tho plantation I
was living upon was once visited by forty-seven dis-
guised men; I was absent when they went there,
but returned in time to see them leave; found my
doors broken down, guns and pistols stolen and
destroyed, clothing torn up, one member of our
family (lady) with her face bruised, a large lump
on her head, where, she said, they (the infernal cow-
ards) had struck her with their guns and pistols and
said, "No damned Yankee bitch or son of a bitch
should live in this country," saving, "We are go-
ing to rule this country." 3?ive different times they
came to the gate, from five to seventy-five, and find-
ing I was home and prepared for them, dared not
eomo in, and turned away; for over thrco months
my son and I had to take it turn about in sleeping
and watching to protect ourselves and the hands on
the place.
Question. Do you know, or were you credibly in-
formed, of negroes being hung in sight of voting-
places or public places the night before the elec-
tion, with boards upon their breasts labeled with
warnings and threats?
Answer. I was informed by Mr. Sarsen, a reliable
man, book-keeper on the Vite plantation, that ho
stood in his store door and saw a negro man hang-
ing by tho neck dead; and I was told by another
gentleman, who said ho helped take him down and
navo hitn buried, thero was a label pinned upon him
saying "Whoever cuts him down receives the same
fate." This was within a mile of the polls, and my
best recollection was it was tho morning of tho
election.
Question. Do you remember tho date when your
family was so abused by men in disguiso ?
Answer. I think it was about tho last of November
or first of December, 1868.
Question. Near or within a mile of what voting-
place did tho reported hanging of the colored men
take place, on whoso breast was the warning not to
cut him down, as you were informed?
Answer. The second district, or Prospect Station.
Question. How far is that from the Alabama line?
Answer. About two miles.
Question. Do you know the name of tho colored
man so reported to havobccn hung, and his politics?
-/IntfU'er. 1 do not.
Question. Do you know whether ho was a man of
a good or of a bad character?
Answer. I heard he was a very quiet, inoffensive
man.
oath.
They are sworn to obey their superior officers
and to keep secret the proceedings and doings
of the Klan on penalty of death, and General
Forrest says several Ku Klux have been exe-
uted by the Klan for disobedience.
language.
They have adopted the following vocabu-
lary :
Dismal. Dark. Furious. Portentous. Wonder-
ful. Alarming. Dreadful. Terrible. Horrible.
Melancholy. Mournful. Dying.
White. Green. Blue. Black. Yellow. Crimson.
Fearful. Startling. Awful, Woful. Horrid.
Bloody. Doleful. Sorrowful. Hideous. Frightful.
Appalling. Lost.
names.
They call themselves—
Wizards. Genii. Dragons. Hydras. Titans.
Fairies. Giants. Cyclops of the Den. Night Hawks.
Magi. Centaurs. Sacred Serpents. Ghouls.
And it must be admitted their actions justify
the terms.
We know the result. Tennessee is gone.
Thousands of Republicans all over Middle and
West Tennessee were prevented from voting,
or compelled to vote the Democratic ticket,
while rebels were admitted to the ballot-box.
We would have lost all the middle and west-
ern districts, butGovernor Brownlow met the
Ku Klux with a spirit as bold as their own,
threw out the bloody returns^ and gave certifi-
cates to men elected by peaceable precincts.
In 18G9 all barriers were swept away.
In 1870 the Democracy carried all the dis-
tricts out of East Tennessee, and almost cap-
tured that Switzerland of southern loyalty.
The effect^ of such electioneering is lasting.
There is little hope of that old Whig State
until all men are protected in the enjoyment
of life, liberty, and property, and the right to
express and vote their sentiments without
molestation or alarm.
north carolina.
The State of $forth Carolina also appears in
the official reports, but her condition is best
exhibited by the evidence taken before the
Senate committee. It appears from the testi-
mony of members who have enough conscience
left to tell the truth, that it is apolitical, mili-
tary, Democratic organization, whose mem-
bers are sworn to do all in their power to over-
throw the Republican party, subvert the State
government, and even the United States Gov-
ernment, and to these ends they use intimida-
tion and violence. Their number in North
Carolina is estimated at from thirty to sixty
thousand. They have paralyzed the liepub-
lican party, and impeached the Governor for
attacking and unearthing some of their dens.
They have called a constitutional convention
in violation of the constitution, which requires
a two-thirds vote for that purpose, and they
will so amend the constitution as to take full
possession of the old North State, where a large
proportion of the white people were loyal dur-
ing the wax and are now Xiepublicans. This
testimony is familiar, and I shall cite but little.
Oath of White Brotherhood, (Ku Klux Klan.)
You solemnly swear, in the presence of Almighty
God, that you will never reveal the namo ot tho
person who initiated you; and that you will never
reveal what is now about to come to your knowledge;
and that you are not now a member of the lied String
Order, Union League, Heroes of America, Grand
Army of the Republic, or any other organization
whose aim and intention is to destroy the rights of
the South, or of tho States, or of the people, or to
elovate tho negro to a political equality with your-
self; and that you aro opposed to all such princi-
ples: so help you God.
You further swear, before Almighty God, that you
will be true to the principles of'thts brotherhood and-
the members thereof; and that you will never reveal
any of the secrets, orders, acts, or edicts, and you
will never make known to any person, not a known
member of this brotherhood, that you are a member
yourself, or who are members: and that you will
never assist in initiating, or allow to be initiated,
if you can prevent it, any one belonging to the Red
String Order, Union League, Heroes of America,
Grand Army of tho Republic, or any one holding
Radical views or opinions; and should any member
of this brotherhood, or their families, be in danger,
you will inform them of their danger, and, if neces-
sary, you will go to their assistance; and that you
will oppose all Radicals and negroes in all of their
political designs; and that should any Radical or
ne^ro impose on, abuse, or injure any member of
this brotherhood, you will assist in punishing him
in any manner the camp may-direct.
You further swear that you will obey all calls and
summonsos of the chief ofyourcamp or brotherhood,
should it be in your power so to do.
Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
never give the word ot distress unless you are in
great need of assistance; and should you hear it given
by any brother you will go to his or their assistance ;
and should any member reveal any of the secrets,
acts, orders, or edicts of the brotherhood, you will
assist in punishing him in any way the camp may
direct or approve of: so help you God.
Confession.
Alamance County, July 28,1868.
We, theundersigned, citizens of Alamance county,
do hereby acknowledge that we have been members
of an organization in said county, known to the pub-
lic as the Ku Klux Klan, butknown to the membeis
thereof as tho White Brotherhood, or Constitutional
Union Guard.
This organization in the outset, as we understood
it, was purely political, and for the mutual protec-
tion ot the members thereof and their families ; but
since joining, we have been pained to know that,
while the objects of the organization were to attain
certain political ends, the means used and resorted
to were such as would shockacivilized and enlight-
ened people. And we hereby publicly a.nd inde-
pendently dissolve our connection with this organ-
ization, and call upon upright and law-abiding citi-
zens everywhere to do the same thing, knowing, as
we do, that unless the crimes which have been com-
mitted by this organization can be put a stop to, and
the organization itself entirely broken up, civil lib-
erty and personal safety aro at an end in this county,
and life and property and everything else will soon
be at the mercy of an organized mob.
We intend to see that the signs, grips, and pass-
