1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
bled in from the West India Islands? We
urge nothing—are in no hurry—but let us not
snatch at half an island and lose a continent.
THE SEWARD BATCH OF TREATIES ALL BAD.
The present Administration was so unfor-
tunate as to receive as a legacy from the late
versatile Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, a
series of great treaties for petty annexation
and petty reciprocity, which contributed, per-
haps, more to the self-satisfaction of the Sec-
retary than they appear destined to contribute
to that of the country he officially represented.
Not one of these infelicitous treaties had its
origin with the present Administration, which
owes to them no original fealty whatsoever.
That with Denmark, for the annexation of
St. Thomas—in close proximity with Santo
Domingo—seems to have been vulnerable to
the first ocean earthquake, and has been, per-
haps not inopportunely, swallowed up by a
series of those great disturbers of "the best
laid plans'' of diplomacy, while little Denmark,
unwittingly trusting to an unadvised treaty and
the fair words of our Secretary, suffers the
shame of those who stumble and then hastily
look around to see if the world's fingers are
not pointed at them. Our national position
has been awkward and ungracious ; but what
could we do ? One thing was clear; we did not
want St. Thomas, unless we were to take it, as
we might Santo Domingo, and throw it back
again into the sea.
The inception of these treaties under Pres-
ident Johnson was widely at variance with the
course pursued by Jefferson in 1803 in the case
of Louisiana, and of Monroe in 1819 in the case
of Florida. They started with legislative con-
currence. They got the consent of Congress
beforehand, and, to quote the language of the
late Senator Benton, " thetreaty-makingpower
was but the instrument of the legislative will."
Besides, the subject then in hand underwent
public discussion. There were no secrets. The
people understood what they wanted and what
was on foot.
Manifestly, in so important a step this was
and is now the proper course. If the treaty-
making power, working in secret and wholly
irresponsible, may totally disregard the public
judgment, then republican or popular govern-
ment is a farce.
THE "MONROE DOCTRINE" INTERPRETED.
There has been so much loose talk on the
subject of the " Monroe doctrine,"#so called,
that President Grant may have been justified—-
I think he was—in making an earnest experi-
ment to find out its practical meaning or how
it is to be understood by the present genera-
tion. It has by some been held to include
much more than I think the simple declara-
tion warranted. As read by me it only declared
"America no longer open to European colo-
nization ;" not that we wanted to colonize.
President Monroe only desired that all parts
of America might have a chance to be inde-
pendent and republican if they chose, without
any European hinderance or interference, and
those refractory Spanish-American colonies,
which Spain was then striving to coerce, were
objects that challenged our own as well as a
world-wide solicitude. The doctrine was not
that we were to seize all the land adjoining us,
nor was it by any means susceptible of the
selfish interpretation that European vultures
were to be driven away in order that the Amer-
ican eagle might swoop down and clutch the
prey.
The wise founders of our Republic contem-
plated a simple form of government, one im-
posing the smallest possible burdens, upon
which it would be wholly incompatible to in-
graft a system of colonies or outlying depend-
encies. A large navy, without which the defense
of colonies or distant States would be impos-
sible, was regarded by our fathers with great
distrust. Jefferson, in his simplicity, only
wanted gun-boats; but Jefferson never sought
to colonize or to annex distant islands. He
sought to make bone of our bone and flesh of
our flesh the great delta of the Mississippi.
It remained for our late Secretary of State,
always grand in his conceptions, even when
wrong, first to grasp the north-pole, and then
to leap back almost to the equator, or to altern-
ate between icebergs and earthquakes. In
his world-traveling eye not only "the whole
boundless continent" was ours, but all of its
outlying incoherent dependencies were equally
to be coveted. Strange that any Republican
administration should have been lured by such
doubtful baits!
But Jefferson only coveted Louisiana, hold-
ing the great outlet of the Mississippi aud our
most magnificent domains lying west of that
river, which it was desirable to have at any
cost, even at the price, he said, of an amend-
ment to the Constitution, if necessary.
In the case of Florida, it was the home of
the Seminoles, whose predatory warfare could
not be repelled without following them within
the boundaries of a foreign Government, involv-
ing a double war, and, therefore, this territory,
contiguous to our southern boundary, had to
be acquired as a measure of prospective peace
rather than of aggrandizement, though it re-
sulted in a most expensive Indian war.
Texas was largely settled by our own people,
and thegeographicalhomogeniety between that
country and the United States made it a tempt-
ing acquisition. The people of Texas were
unanimously in favor of annexation, and being
an independent State it was claimed,with more
adroitness than integrity, that Congress had
the constitutional right to admit such States
into the Union. Annexation was an issue
made at the presidential election, and the can-
didate in favor of annexation had succeeded,
whether that was the decisive issue or not.
The people of the North and West, it is true,
opposed it because the message of President
Tyler in December, 1843, "squinted at war
with both" Great Britain and Mexico, in order
to obtain it. Beyond that our people were
vehemently opposed to it on the ground that it
was a sinister and premeditated extension of
the area of slavery. They were opposed to it
on account of the sham proposal to"rean-
nex " territory which never belonged to us.
They were opposed to it because " an army of
observation," not a fleet in the bay of Samana,
was sent into it, and then a false deelaration
made that " war existed by the act of Mexico."
They were opposed to it because of the threat
of South Carolina that, if not annexed to the
United States, it should be annexed to the
slave-holding States.
Our treaty with Great Britain, commonly
known as the Clayton and Bulwer treaty, made
April 19, 1850, fully illustrates the American
construction of the Monroe doctrine, so called,
when it was restrained by the limits of sanity and
sound statesmanship. Although the particular
object of this treaty was to secure a ship-canal
from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean, yet it
declares that the high contracting parties "not
only desired, in entering into this convention,
to accomplish a particular object, but also to
establish a general principle," and if they had
not in words so declared the compact then made
established a precedent upon which a general
principle finds an impregnable basis. It was pro-
vided that neither Great Britain nor the Uijited
States will ever occupy or fortify or colonize,
or assume or exercise any dominion over Nica-
ragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or a,ny
part of Central America. This is a most im-
portant and emphatic enunciation of the gene-
ral policy of the United States, and evinced our
willingness to be excluded from all dominion
over territory in the direction of the tropics,
outside of our present limits, provided Euro-
pean nations were also to be excluded. It is
a positive renunciation of the wild policy ot
territorial expansion in the direction named.
Here a bit was put in the mouth of our own
prancing nagof " manifestdestiny," and Great
Britain was forced to abandon her legacy from
the pretended Mosquito king, of laced-coat and
cocked-hat memory; and that was all and just
what we most desired. Who ever heard that;
treaty denounced as any violation of the Monroe
doctrine ? Nobody 1
HAYTI WANTS SANTO DOMINGO ; WE DON'T.
Santo Domingo is a portion of an island
greatly coveted by Hayti, from which it was vio-
lently wrenched in 1844, and to which it geo-
graphically belongs, as truly as Louisiana, Flor-
ida, and Texas belonged to the United States.
Hayti wants it, claims never to have abandoned
it, andHn due time might probably have it, un-
less prevented by extraneous interference. Our
good will might be profitably extended to both ;
we might fairly encourage legitimate com-
merce, of which we should get little, but not an
illegitimate, entangling, and indissoluble alli-
ance, of which we should get too much. The
addition to us would be poor indeed; but, added
to Hayti, it might tend to buildup a home and
a Government of greater promise to the liberty
and welfare of a large portion of the colored
race in the West India islands. To aid such
an enterprise would be a mission worthy of
our high position. The colored race are en-
titled to try the experiment of practical inde-
pendence. Their civilization should not be
cramped and overshadowed by holding them
forever in contact with a superior race. For
us to rob them of their only opportunity in the
West India islands puts the risk of their final
shipwreck upon us, and gives to them no scope
for the exercise of self-reliance or for the
development of their natural growth.
We stand in no need of it because of any
surplus population from which it is desirable
to be disincumbered. If there is any Dur-
pose to have the colored race expatriated from
the continent at least it is not now avowed.
Emigration to the new States now draws heav-
ily upon thQ older States. These new States
and Territories, upon which we expend and
must expend millions for their development
and protection, and the southern States, which
have recently had a new birth, have a right to
every surplus man, and every surplus dollar
which can be spared from all the other States.
They should not be made to stand back for an
unnatural flirtation in the tropics, discreditable
to our age and dignity. Our affection, as well
as our interest, should constrain us to husband
all our resources, not at present any too
abundant, for the improvement of our broadly
extended but unsettled estates. Do we want
sugar and cotton lands? Have we not got
them in abundance in Texas, in Arkansas, in
South Carolina, in Mississippi, in Louisiana,
in Alabama, and in Florida? Who wants to
build up a foreign insular El Dorado to com-
pete with these States, and proclaim, as we
must if we are in earnest, that they are worth-
less in comparison with Santo Domingo? Is
it to be preferred that the tide of people from
the North and East, now setting so strongly
toward the West, and which would tend south-
ward also if the States there would respond to
the President's hearty desire and "let us have
peace," is it to be preferred, I say, that this
tide should be diverted by the fiction of crops
without labor, spontaneous sugar, coffee, and
tobacco—forgetful that light labor in the torrid
zone is more exhausting than heavy labor in
the temperate zone, and that any crops must
be intermingled with black vomit and yellow
fever, with poisonous insects, and other pests
too numerous to mention, all equally the
spontaneous fruits of Santo Domingo? Justice
to ourselves requires that we should take care
of what we have at home before we scatter
abroad.
OUR FUTURE GROWTH.
Some speculative political economists in-
dulge in predictions about the future vastness
of our population; but is it not preposterous
to expect our past ratio of increase for an in-
definite length of time ? When the best lands
shall be exhausted, as we may find at some
time they will be, and certainly when our pop-
