290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Question. Some of you had disguises ?
Answer. Some had a little black shroud.
Question. What was the uniform ?
Answer. I never saw it but once. It was made
pretty much like one of those knit caps, only two
horns run out on each side and one came over.
Question. A head-dress with three horns ?
Answer, Yes, sir.
Question. What was the color of the garments ?
Answer. A black shroud, with a little string draw-
ing it around the neck. It fits loose.
Question. Bid you ever hear in your camps the
subject of a foreign war talked of?
Answer. Yes, sir; I heard them say if there was a
foreign war started up and the United States should
take a hand in it, that they could jump in on their
backs and lick 'em out.
Question. Lick the United States out?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When did you hear that?
Answer. In 1869.
Question. State whether or not it was freely talked
overin those meetings.
Answer. Oh, yes; it was talked over in our camp. I
know the whole camp heard it.
Question. They said if the United States took a
hand in it 
Answer. Then they could jump in on her back
and wool her out.
Question. State whether or not that was the senti-
ment of the camp.
Answer. Yes, sir; I believe it was generally over
the whole camp.
Question. Was it your intention ?
Answer. Yes. sir; it was.
Question. Was there anything said, and if so, what,
about being able in that way to get back what you
lost in the rebellion ?
Answer. Yes,sir; they said that that was the only
way we would ever get it back, was to wait for a for-
eign war, and let the United Slates go into it, and
then they could crawl on her back and get back
what we lost.
Question. Did you find in the county adjoining
Cabarrus th«sume order as in Lonoir?
Answer. Yes, sir; pretty muoh the same thing.
Question. And in South Carolina?
Answer. Yes, sir: the signs would bo just exactly
alike after thoy took another degree.
Question. Did you talk with theKu Klux in the
county whero you moved in South Carolina ?
Anxwer. Ye*, sir.
Question. What did they say, if anything, ware
their objects—the same as yours?
Answtr. Yes,sir; the same thing.
Question* To clear out the Republican party?
Amtwer. Yes, sir; clean 'era out. I have heard
thorn remark since th«t North Carolina had come
out from under Republicans before South Carolina;
that South Carolina had still to lay in.
Question. Wore you ever presentwhen anynegroes
were taken out and whipped?
Answer. I was in one scrape.
Question. What did you whip him for?
Ansxoer. Ho was one of these loaders; he had soma
seven or eight that would vote the same ticket that
he voted, and Kennedy said he must be lashed so as
to make tho others not vote that ticket.
Question. And you went and did it?
Answer. No. sir; I didn't do a bit of whipping-
Question. Uow many went?
Answer. Six.
(Juration. By Kennedy's direction?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
Question. Was it a decree at a meeting of the
cam p?
Answer. Yob. sir: Kennedy was our commander,
and ho could not make a command without he had a
meeting.
Question. Do you remember the meeting when the
negro-whipping was voted ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Wore you there ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And voted for it?
Answer. I did.
Question. And then went with the party to assist
in doing it ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Whoro was that ?
Anmoer. About throe miles from Kinston.
Question. Whatwas tho man's name you whipped?
Ansxoer. His name was John,
Question. John what?
Answer. Wesley, I believo. I never saw the nig-
ger but once in my life. They told me that was his
name.
Question. When was that?
Answer. In 1869.
Question. Were all those events you spoke of done
in that year?
Answer. Ail done in 1869; it was not three months'
time past, becauso they had just got a-going full head-
way, and 1 know the detective jumped in one night
and gathered twelve of our men at one time and
took 'em to Newborn.
Question. What detective?
Ansxoer. My ere.
Question. United States deputy marshal ?
Answer. I don't know what he was.
Question. Was he a detective for illicit distilling?
Ansxoer. Ob, no.
Question. What was he a detective for?
Answer. It was to cateh these outrages.
Question. "Where were these twelve men when he
caught them ?
Answer. At home; but he had got their names
before, and he took 'em when they was asleep.
Question. Where did he carry them to ?
Answer. To Newbern.
Question. Did he put them in prison ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was he aUnited States officer?
Answer. I reckon so; he passed for that.
£ * *
Well, my wife was the cause of the whole busi-
ness, just right straight along. She had been work-
ing at me, and telling me that she had got tired of
hearing such as that, and wanted me to get out of it
if I could. Then I went to McDonald and asked
him, and he said yes, he thought he could.
Question. Did you see Governor Holden?
Answer. Idid. I wentin his office, and asked him
if there was any chance of my getting a pardon-
any thing of that kind. He asked me what for? and
I told him my wife had been in distress now for over
twelve months, and wanted me out of the concern.
He told me then that hecould, and then I just made
the statement.
Question. After you got into the order and knew
the obligations that were imposed upon you, would
you have considered it your duty to carry out any
order that they might impose upon you to save your
own life ?
Answer. Well, of course, a man's life is pretty dear
to him.
Quettion. Suppose you had not carried out an
order?
Answer. Well, they would have killed me right
straight. That is what they told me they would do.
Question. Was that what was told each member
after he cam© in?
Answer, Yes, sir; that if ho did not obey hi3 offi-
cer ho was to be dealt with according to the camp ;
and then if he revealed anything from the camp he
was to die.
The most, fearful fruit of this conspiracy is
the murder of Wyatt Outlaw, an innocent man
and a good, quiet citizen, who was hanged in
a couijty town within a few yards of the court-
house, and was left hanging till near noon, no
person daring to cut him down, because there
was a warning on his breast, and shortly after
a simple-minded negro was drowned because
he had seen the Ku Klux leaving the town.
The report shows two hundred and fifty-
seven outrages—hanging, drowning, shooting,
wounding, scourging, andall mannerofwrongs.
south carolina.
South Carolina has long been called the
"hot-bed of treason." She has generally
taken part in alt mischief from Tory to Ku
Klux. And now her Governor calls on the
President to suppress the insurrection. We
have several books of testimony showing that
in two districts, atthe last presidential election,
fifteen thousand voters were kept away from
the polls, or compelled to vote the Democratic
ticket, by the Ku Klux Klan. A man who
belonged to the Klan , and killed a Republican
State officer under its orders, testifies and
exposes it. This is the same organization as
that in North Carolina, but more open and
bold. Here the element of treason to the
State and national governments is most pro-
nounced. The Klans are armed with Win-
chester rifles, and go to the polls in arms and
carry elections by force.
W illiam K. Tolbert, of lawful age, being duly sworn,
says:
Question. What is your name, and whore do you
reside, arid youroccupation?
Answer. I live at Greenwood, Abbeville county,
South Carolina; farming.
Question. How long have you lived in Abbeville
county?
Answer. All my life.
Question. Wero you in Abbeville county during
the months of July, August, September, October,
and November, 1868?
Answer. I was.
Question. How old are you?
Answer. Twenty-nino years old.
Question. Did you belong to either of the political
parties during the last campaign ?
Answer. I did, sir.
Question. To which one?
Answer. Democrat.
Question. How was the Democratic party organ-
ized in Abbeville county?
Answer. Into clubs. Democratic clubs.
Question. Did you bolong to one of those clubs?
Answer. Yes; to Greenwood club.
Question. Where did your club hold its meetings ?
Answer. At the depot; met once a week.
Question. Were your meetings public?
Answer. Public to Democrats, but not to Radicals
No Radical allowed to oouae in.
Question. Was there any secret organization con-
nected with those clubs?
Answer. Yes,sir; committees were appointed which
met in secret, and they appointed men to patrol in
each different neighborhood.
Question. For what purpose were these men de-
tailed to patrol?
Answer. To find out where the negroes were hold-
ing Union Leagues.
Question. They were instructed, you say, to patrol
these neighborhoods; what other instructions had
they, if any?
Answer. To break them up; kill the leaders; fire
into them and kill the leader if they could.
Question. Were there any other, instructions given
to these committees by the Democratic clubs in rela-
tion to the election to be held on the 3d November ?
Answer. Yes, sir. The day before the election the
tickets wero taken away from the Republican party,
from those who had charge of the tickets, by these
committees. The committees were searching for
them the night before the election, taking them
wherever they could find them. I was one of the
gangs myself. Ten or eleven were with me. I was
a member of the committee myself. Destroyed tho
tickets. Ali of us were armed.
Question. What were your instructions if the per-
sons having the tickets in charge refused to give
them up?
Answer. Shoot them and take them by force.
Question. Wore you well acquainted throughout
the county ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you the means of knowing, and do
you know, what were the political sentiments of the
negro population in that county, and how they would
have voted if they had been allowed to vote?
Ansxoer. There were at least four colored votes to
one white vote in the county. They would have
voted for the Republican candidate—at least ninety-
nine out of each hundred.
Question. Where were you on tho day of election,
3d November, 1868?
Answer. In fore part of the day at a voting pre-
cinct, Greenwood, in Abbeville county. A courier
came in from Whitehall precinct, Abbeville county,
saying they were fighting there, (this was about one
o'clock,) and thattheRepublicanswere about whip-
ping. A squad of us, armed, about thirty besides
myself, were sent there. When wo got there tho
Republicans were allgone, except one, who was lying
there dead. Hoard tkat others were wounded. There
had been some shooting; don't know if the Repub-
licans shot. No white man was shot. Onlytwocol-
ored men were allowed to vote before shooting com-
menced at Whitehall.
Question. About how many colored men usually
voted at that precinct?
Answer. Some four or five hundred.
Question. How would those four or five hundrod
men have voted if they had been allowed to vote?
Ansxoer. They would have voted the Republican
ticket.
Question. Did the Democrats come to the White-
hall polling precinct armed on the day of the elec-
tion ?
Answer. Every one, so far as I know. It was a
general understanding throughout the county that
all were to go armed.
Question. State what occurred at Greenwood pre-
cinct up to tho time you left to go to Whitehall.
Ansxoer. Well, the negroes, to the number of about
four hundred voters, in Abbo-viHe county, assembled
about one hundred and fifty yards from the polls.
The white men. Democrats, were all around the
door. Captain J. G. Boozer was sitting right by the
door to examine the tickets. Don't know whether
Boozer wa3 appointed. He was there for that busi-
ness. Two Republicans, colored men, came up to
vote. They came from the main body. He said:
Let me see your papers " They pulled out the
Republican tickets with Hoge's name on them for
Congress. He told them that they could not vote
them sort there; they would have to go somewhure
else to vote those papers. Boozer was armed. They
turned back to the mam body, who saw that there
was no chance to vote, so they disbanded and went
home, about four hundred of them, all voters in
Abbeville county.
Question. Were the Republican tickets taken by
any member of the Democratic party irom the mes-
senger who had them in charge while on his way to
ninety-sixth precinct; and if so, what was done with
the tickets?
Answer. Yes; they were taken away by -John G.
Boozer, who distributed them among white men.
and destroyed many of them; all were destroyed
after looking at them,
Question. Was there any understandingamong tho
Democrats as to what they would do at Greenwood
if the colored men insisted upon voting ?
Answer. Yes; a clear understanding that the Dem-
ocrats would foreethemfrom thepolls if they under-
took to vote—force them by arms; we were all armed,
and intended if they rushed in we would rush them
back, shooting into them; can't say if it was n, gen-
eral understanding throughout the county; I believe
it was.
Question. State if it was safe for Republican speak-
ers to canvass that county.
Answer. No, sir; it was not safe.
