528.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
ulation becomes dense, it would be unphilo-
sophical and contrary to all history to expect
the same ratio of increase from births, nor
could we hope the same increase from immi-
gration.
There will be a declension in the power to
absoib as well as in the sources of supply.
During the fiscal year 1870we received 387,098
immigrants, Since 1847, only twenty-three
years, the number of foreigners who have
made our country their home amounts to
4,297,980. Our present population, but for
such accessions, would amount to onjj one
third of what it is now. The difference be-
tween receiving and sending out annually
300,000 men is marvelous, and it is a point
deserving especial attention. The average
cost of raising a man in any civilized country
is rather over than under $1,0(X>, and ot a
woman rather less; but the average is still not
less than $1,000. Upon a removal to a new
country they augment its capital by the trans-
ference of their economical value as future
producers and the exchangable value of all
property which belongs to them. Our coun-
try has been exceptionally enriched by the
capital and labor of vast numbers who were
reared at the solo expense of others. _ That
greatly enhances the present prosperity of
western States, filled with able-bodied men
which have not yet been taxed for their infancy
or old age. We have thus brought to us annu-
ally from abroad a capital of $50,000,000 by
persons who add each year by their labor from
two to three hundred millions more. To-day
portions of Germany sorely feel a comparative
loss, and are studying—certainly Austrian
statesmen have been studying—how to prevent
this* annoying depletion which may so dis-
astrously affect their wealth and power as a
people.
Santo Domingo could not be of the slightest
value to us unless repeopled and supplied with
capital, to be subtracted from our home stock
or accepted as questionable foreign gifts—the
spawn of the Caribbean sea and the Mexican
Gulf. Any gain there would be eithersoinueh
positive loss at home or a gain of numbers
with a loss of character. Although the task
is as hopeless as would be the resuscitation of
Tyro or Sidon. Carthage or Babylon, if it were
possible, could we afford it? Shall we post-
pone the great destinies of Kansas, Iowa, and
Nebraska, of Colorado and Montana, and the
youthful and vigorous States on the Pacific
coast, until we can plant aud hatch out a new
brood of States in distant seas? New Orleans
and Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York,
Boston and San Francisco, are very considera-
ble sea ports. Can we expect to rival them iu
Santo Domingo? Does any one suppose that
our people would add anything to their own
wealthor length of days by going there, rather
than by accepting the opportunities to ba found
in our own rich and many-sided domains?
Here experience is our guide, and we do not
risk all on an experiment, already, time and
again, exploded. Here we stand on terra
firm a, with no ghost of failure rising up to con-
iront our faith and progress. Let us remem
ber, even if we forget many earlier destructive
visitations, that so late as 1842 the shores of
Santo Domingo to the extent of sixty miles were
submerged in consequence of earthquakes.
In 1770 an earthquake in Hayti destroyed Port
au Prince. What has been may be again.
But these shocks, however much to be dreaded,
are not more portentous than the shook to be
apprehended to our political system from a
misalliance with one or all of the West India
islands. The annexations, safely tolerated in
the youth of the Kepublic, may not be so
freely indulged as we reach maturity, when the
accumulated debt of all the toil and excesses
of both youth and age, past and present, must
be met and paid at the same moment.
STATISTICS EXCELLENT IF TP.UU.
We have been cited in most respectable
quarters to some chronicles as to the ancient
magnitude of the trade of Santo Domingo,
and I may be pardoned for saying that we
might just as well be cited to those concerning
ancient Venice or Carthage. When commerce
has once forsaken any place, does history show
that, under any circumstances, it has ever re-
turned? But are there not good reasons for
suspecting the solidity as well as the veracity
of any history which puts forth a claim to one
hundred millions of exports at any time past,
present, or to come, for Santo Domingo? By
exposure to a little criticism such figures-will
shrink up amazingly, and what in magnitude
appeared to be a camel may turn out after all
only a very small weasel.
Let it be admitted that at one period of time,
and about 1789, the trade of Santo Domingo
was quite large, but of course it included that
of Hayti, for Santo Domingo only dates its
independence from 1844, which is yet unac
knowledged by Hayti. The articles produced
there were luxuries, to some extent of only
recent extensive use, and being in great de-
mand bore enormous prices. To make up the
gross amount of their exports it will be seen,
from the t^ble I give, that cotton is reckoned
at thirty-four cents per pound, muscovado
sugar at seventy-four cents per pound, and
coffee at eighteen and a half cents per pound.
The number of ships engaged, it is also true,
was large, (sixteen hundred it has even been
claimed,) but their size must have been very
small. Their great port, the city of Santo Dom-
ingo, admits nothing else, or ships only of the
fourth class or loss. One steamship of the pres-
ent day would be equal to a score and more of
the vessels then ordinarily employed. The
island was then the great distributing point for
French commerce and exchange, or the com-
mercial metropolis of the New World, just as St.
Thomas has recently been the seat of a consid-
erable trade from being practically a free port,
although itself actually producing nothing; a
trade that would be annihilated by the impo-
sition of even the most trivial taxation.
Statistics are excellent it they are truthful,
but when embellished with fictions or distorted
by the wrinkles of age they are merely mathe-
matical monstrosities. 1 might quote Make
Brun, James liedpath, who resided there for
some time, and many other authorities, but
MeCulloch's Geographical Dictionary is ac-
counted rather higher statistical authority than
the work, so often quoted and relied upon in
this case, of the malignant Tory author of
Alison's History, which, it will be remem-
bered, so elaborately libels America and the
Americans. The historian who identifies re-
publicanism with the powers of hell may have
been a prodigy in conic sections and fluxions,
but he is not therefore to be always trusted in
the simpler forms of facts and figures. " What
is history," said Napoleon, "but a fiction
agreed upon?" But this of Sir Archibald's,
relied upon by the Senator from Indiana and
also by the Senator from Michigan, I may say,
is not agreed upon. I will therefore give Mc-
Culioch's table of "exports of the French part
of Santo Domingo during each of three years
ending in 1789," including the very year when
the exports were largest, and when they have
been, as Senators will remember, claimed to
be a hundred millions, or a greater amount
than we find to have been exported by nearly
all of North America thirty or forty years
afterward: livrcSf
Clayed su?ar, pounds 58.042.214 ■11,049,5-49
Muscovado sugar, pounds  8,059.829 34,619.931
Coffee, pounds 71.663,187 71,663 187
Cotton, pounds   - 6,698,858 12.397,716
Indigo, pounds  951,607 8,5 J4.463
Molasses, hogsheads  23,0ol 2,767.320
Hum, hogsheads    2,600 312,OJO
lliuv hi.ies, numbor  6,5i)0 52.000
Tanned hides, number  /,9J0 118.5J0
Total value in livres 171.544.666
Total value   £1,765,129
Or, in United States money $8.825,625
This, it should be noted, was in the years of
the very highest prosperity—embracing the
western end and the only en J of the island that
ever had any prosperity —.-aid is really but a
trifle more than the small city of Portland,
Maine, sends annually over the Grand Trunk
railroad. Yet it is the prop for sixteen hun-
dred vessels and a hundred millions of exports
in the past and in expectancy 1
DOMINICAN EXPORT BUBBLES.
Let me call attention to the fact that the
greatest number of people in Santo Domingo at
the time of the greatest amount of commerce
was 400,000 slaves, 2-5,000 whites, and 25.000
mulattoes, and then bear in mind the fact that
the United States in 1830 contained a popula-
tion of 12,866,020. No one will deny our own
activity, whether as to production or trade, and
yet our whole exports then amounted only to
$73,819,508, or less by more than twenty-six
million dollars than 425,000 working tatterde-
malions in Santo Domingo are represented to
have exported in 1789 1 With a population of
17,069,453 in 1840, our exports amounted to
only $104,805,891, and yet it is assumed that
in proportion to numbers the Dominicans in
1789 exceeded the United States in its products
exported in the ratio of thirty eight to one.
Need I say more touching the Dominican bub-
ble, or the hundred millions of exports which
would gush forth by only hoisti ng the American
flag?
Even by the coercion of the military police
of Toussaint L'Ouverture, when every man not
a proprietor was compelled to hire himself as
a laborer to some agricultural propiietor; and
to work from sunrise to sunset, they were only
able to raise the value of the products to one
third of the amount of 1789, and when the
restraint was removed in 1825, under Boyer,
the exports for the entire island dropped to
the pitiful sum of four shillings two pence for
each inhabitant.
It may be a proper question to ask, what
does the trade of this part of the island now
amount to? Is it not curious that even British
statisticians, proverbially painstaking, make
no separate account of it, but include it with
that of Hayti, of the two by far the most con-
siderable? Like gold dust it has first to bo
caught up with something else, or by quick-
silver, before you can find or estimate it at all.
The latest returns I have found of the trade
of Hayti and Santo Domingo combined, in
British documents, is as follows :
^ Total
Kxyortn.
186 1 m £137,471 £310.555
1862   151.719 47-4,812
186 3  276,610 54.3,142
186 4  251,210 459.876
186 5  230,287 348,419
Instead of one hundred millions from Santo
Domingo, the exports, including those of Hayti,
amount to no more than from one and a half
to two million and a half of dollars, and of
this it would be more than liberal to allow that
even one quarter belongs to Santo Domingo.
In 1868 the imports of Santo Domingo from the
United States, according to our own records,
were $83,363, and the exports to the United
States $64,110. Yet, with these beggarly but
indisputable fact3 before us, it is seriously
argued that a few dashing Americans would
work out the miracle of giving us a trade only
surpassed at present in its vast magnitude by
that of the United States with Great Britain!
I may say with the Prince of Denmark—
" They fool me to the top of my bent."
It appears also that a firm in New York,
Spofford Brothers, now own and run a line of
steamers under a grant to a Mr. Funkhouser,
with a provision that five per cent, of the
import and export dues on all merchandise
carried by said line between New Yoik aud
New Orleans and the Dominican republic be
allowed to the owners of the steamers. Pray,
how would such a grant be disposed of by us?
The Senator from Indiana, in a former de-
bate, took pains to quote from an official docu-
ment the amount of our trade with Cuba and
Porto Rico, and to contrast it with that of tha
