18T1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
42d Cong....1st Sbss.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
Question. What was the general understanding as
to how Republican speakers were to be treated?
Answer. Shoot them; kill them; stop it.
Question. State if in accordance with that general
understanding in the county any Republican leaders
or speakers were killed or shot ?
Answer. There were.
Question. About how many men were shot or
killed in Abbeville during months from July, 1868,
to day of election?
Answer. There were—let us see—I know of four
that were shot; one got over it; three were killed;
several others were shot and wounded, but I don't
know the persons.
Question. State if the persons were shot because
they were Republicans.
Answer. They were killed because of the influence
they had with others in the Republican party, and
because they were members of the Republican party.
Question. Give the names of the three men that
were killed.
Answer. Martin—James Martin, a member of the
General Assembly, a resident of Abbeville county;
B. F. Randojph, a Republican speaker, who came
there with Judge Hoge—don't know whether he
was a State senator or not; the other man—I don't
remember his name—he was killed at Whitehall
election day; I saw him.
Question. State if it was the intention to kill me
at the same time as Randolph.
Answer. Don't know; the people said you ought
to be killed—that Judge Hoge ought to be killed.
Question, What did they mean when they said
that a man ought to be killed?
Answer. Thev meant to kill him if they got a
chance.
Question. State where Mr. Randolph was killed.
Ansioer. At Hodges's Depot, in Abbeville county.
Question. Are you well known at Hodges's Depot?
Answer. Yes; well known by everybody.
Question. State the date when Mr. Randolph was
killed.
Answer. I think on the 16th of October. 1868.
Question. At what time in the day was he killed ?
Answer. About one or two o'clock in the day-time.
Question. Were you present?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Were you disguised In any way ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did citizens living at Hodges's Depot
recognize you at that time and see you ?
Answer. Yes, sir; both saw and recognized me. I
talked with ahalf dozen of them—Fletcher, Hodges,
Langdon, Conner, Jim Cochran.
Question. State how you happened to be at Hodges's
Depot the day Randolph was killed.
Answer. I heard he was going to make a speech
there, and X went up to hear it. When I got there
they told me that he was not going to speak there—
that he had gone up to Abbeville Court-House, and
was going to Anderson that night (afternoon) on
the train. Joshua Logan and J. W. Talbert came
to the depot with me. Both were known at Hodges's
Depot.
Question. State what was done by you, and by Tal-
bert, and Logan, and what was said and done by
others until the train arrived from Abbeville, and
what was done after the train did arrive at Hodges's
Depot.
Answer. When we arrived there, we found a crowd
of men, some eight or ten besides our number. We
commenced talking about Randolph; that he had
threatened to Colonel Aiken to burn up the State;
that he could do it in three words, and that we must
kill hira. Langdon Conner, and Fletcher Hodges
said this to us after we came up. We all were armed.
I mean all at Hodges'sDepot. They put up a target
and we all shot off our pistols at it. We did it to
reload our pistols so as to be sure that they would
fire, being freshly loaded. They put it on Logan,
Talbert, and myself to do the shooting, saying that
as we did not live there the negroes would not know
us; if any more shooting was to be done, they would
do it; that if Randolph's guard fired on us, they
would fire on them. When the train came m Lang-
don Conner went to the conductor and asked him if
Randolph was on board, and lie came back and said
he was on the train. The train ran up to the side of
the platform. Randolph was sitting by the door of
the car. The rest all went to the upper end of the
platform and got on the platform; I went to the
lower end; just at this time the Greenville train
ran up. Randolph immediately changed cars, and
walked back into the last passenger-coach and took
his seat. James Cochran stepped up to me at that
time and says, " Bill, you fellows ought to have been
disguised." Isaid, "Jim, whatdoyouttiinkofit, any-
how?" Hesays, "Heoughtto be killed, and now is the
time to do it—rightnow." Fletch. Hodges came up
with a roll of money in his hand, and says, As soon
as you do it, we give you this, and we will back you;
if there is any more shooting we will do it. ' By this
time Randolph had got off his seat and walked out
on the platform of the car. John Brooks came up
with his pistol m his hand, and hesays, "Now is your
time; here hestands on the platform," and he pointed
him out to me. Logans, Talbert. andmyself done the
shooting—we all three shot him, and he was killed
dead, and Langdon Conner told us to go on, they
would do the balance; he had his pistol in his hand.
We got on our horses and rode off.
Question. Did any person living at Hodges's Depot
attempt to arrest you ?
Answer. No, sir; we went to Alick Ellis's, about
two and a half miles off. He was not at home. We
wanted to see him on business. He was at Cokes-
burg. Logan and Talbert went to Cokesburg to see
him, and found him there in a Democratic meeting.
They came back to Aliek Ellis's with him. They
told me that Randolph's name was brought up m
the Democratic meeting as to what they would do
with him. Some said cut him up and feed him to
the dogs. Others said they would box him up and
express him to Governor Scott as a present. Ellis
knew that he was killed, and killed by us, and that
some of the members of the Democratic club saw it
done—saw Randolph killed. (Witness is here warned
by the respondent's counsel to speak only from his
own knowledge.) I speak from my own knowledge.
Question. Were any of the members of the Demo-
cratic club present when the shooting took place ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did they say anything about the shooting.
Answer. They advised me to shoot him, to kill
him, and they would back me in it.
Question. State the names of some of the members
of the D emocratic club who were present and advised
the shooting.
Answer. James Cochran, Langdon Conner, and
Fletch. Hodges are three that X remember. Don't
know that there was a coroner's inquest; was told
there was one; was told the foreman of the jury;
don't know who was on it.
Question. State if there existed in Abbeville or in
any other of the counties in the third congressional
district of South Carolina an organization known as
the Ku-Klux Klan.
Answer. There was in Abbeville.
Question. Did that organization exist in other
counties?
Answer. I do not know it of my own knowledge,
but from pass-words and signs it did, given by mem-
bers that I knew by signs to belong to the Klan in
other counties.
Question. Was that a secret organization?
Answer. It was.
Question. Was it a political organization?
Answer. It was a political organization of the
Democratic party.
Question. Did the political organization of the
Democratic party known as the Ku Klux Klan exist
in all the counties of the third congressional district ?
Answer. I can speak that it existed in Edgefield,
Abbeville, and Laurens.
Question. Did the parties joining that organization
in Abbeville and other counties take an oath upon
joining?
Answer. They did.
Question. About what proportion of the members
of the Democratic party in Abbeville belonged to
that Klan?
Answer. Nearly all.
Question. Name some of them.
Answer. Captain J. G. Boozer, D.Cresswell, Fletoh.
Hodges, Langdon Conner, Bob Stansler; don't know
that D. Wyatt Aiken.
Question. What were the objects and intentions of
that organization of the Democratic party known as
the Ku Klux K1 an ?
Answer. To regulate the Republican party, break
it up if they could, and strengthen the Democratic
party. . _
Question. What means were they to use m order to
break up the Republican party?
Answer. Kill out the leaders of the Republican
party and drive them out of the State.
Question. Did every member, upon joining that
Klan, take an oath to carry out those principles ?
Answer. The oath taken was this : to do whatever
their leader ordered them to do.
Question. State if those organizations were offi-
cered; if so, state what those officers were called.
Answer. We had a leader in every organization;
he was known as the captain of the company.
Question. Were you sworn to obey the orders of the
captain of your company?
A.nstoer x es sir.
Question. Did the captain of your company give
you any orders in regard to killing presidents of
Union Leagues and leaders of the Republican party,
and speakers of the same?
Answer. Yes, sir, he did; he told us to find out
when tho Leagues met, and to fire into them and
kill their president if we could.
Question. Were those orders carried out and en-
forced by tho members of the company as far as pos-
sible?
Answer. Yes, they were.
Question. Wasit understood that Mr. Randolph was
the president of the Union Leagues and engaged in
organizing them? , . ,
Anmer. Yes, sir; he was the man that organized
the Union Leagues in South Carolina, and that was
one of the reasons why he was killed.
Question. State if you had any orders from the cap-
tain of your company in regard to allowing negroes
to vote on the 3d November, 1868; if so, what those
orders were. ..
Answer. We had a meeting the night before tho
election; had orders from our captain to come early
to the precinct next morning armed and not alio w a
negro Republican to cast a vote; to try to persuade
them to vote the Democratic ticket, and if they
insisted upon voting to force them bick, to fight
them, kill them, shoot them.
Question. What was the name of the captain <>1
your company, and how many member** belonged to
your company.
Answer. John G. Boozer was the c&ptain; about
twenty that I know, but there were more than ttxat.
Iredell Jones:
Question. I am twenty-eight years of age; I reside
at Uockhill, Fork county, South Carolina, and am a
merchant.
Question. Were there any secret organizatiorfs in
your county?
Answer. There were two; one the Union League
and the other the Ku Klux. A
Question. Did the Ku Klux travel over the county
disguised, men and horses?
Answer. They did.
Question. What was the object of the Ku Klux ?
Answer. Their object was reported to be to intiui-
idato Republican voters.
Question. Were they armed as well as disguised?
Ansioer. They were.
Question. Did the Ku Klux ride over the county
generally for some time before the election ?
Answer. They did,
John L. Watson:
Question.- Did the Democrats import into your
county a number of improved fire-arms previous to
that election?
Answer. Such was the general understanding, that
large numbers were brought in?
Question. Did you ever seo the Ku Klux in your
neighborhood?
Answer. I saw them pass my house in Ebenezer,
in disguise, having their horses also disguised.
Question. Was that the same nightthat your neigh-
bor, Captain Ferris's house, and that Governor Fewel
was attacked?
Answer. It was not the same night.
Question. Did you ever see the Ku Klux at Rock-
hil! depot after night?
Answer. I saw men who I believed, from their
actions, belonged to tho Ku Klux.
Question. Was Iredell Jones one of that party?
Answer. He was, and seemed to be the leader of
the party. From conversation I had with him I
believe they were waiting, upon Comptroller Gen-
eral Neagle, who they said it was reported would
come on the train. It was currently reported
throughout the country that General Neagle'slife
was threatened if he came there.
Question. Were the Ku Klux generally organized
throughout your county, and did they succeed in
frightening away from the polls very many Repub-
licans?
Answer. They were, and did.
William L. "Rogers, (Democrat:)
I am thirty-six years of age, and am a merchant.
Question. What was the feeling toward Repub-
licans m Pickens county at and previous to the con-
gressional and presidential election in 1868 ?
Answer. It was very bitter and hostile toward
them. I hearda great many threats made against the
Republicans in that canvass. A letter was dropped
at my house threatening me.
Question. What was the effect upon the colored
men by the threats and intimidations used by the
Democracy?
Answer. They very much frightened the colored
people, and kept very many from the polls.
Question. Was there a Democratic club in your
neighborhood?
Answer.*?!!here was. At its organization I joined
it, but afterward withdrew from it. I acted for some
time as its president.
Question. Why did you withdraw from it?
Answer. Because they passed resolutions declar-
ing that they would give no work to any man, white
or black, who voted the Republican ticket, nor per-
mit him to live upon their lands, nor bell him pro-
visions, but would starve him out.
Question. Did they publish these resolutions for
the sake of intimidating voters?
Ansioer. They did, and they had great effect.
Hon. Robert K. Scott, being duly sworn:
Question. What is your name, your residence, and
official position ?
Answer. Robeit K. Scott. Columbia, South Caro-
lina, and Governor of the State.
Question. Were you the Governor of the State of
South Carolina from July to December, 1868?
Answer. I was inaugurated on the 9th of August,
1868, and have acted in that official capacity up to
the present time. .
Question. State what was the political condition
of the State in the counties of Newberry, Abbeville,
Edgefield, and Anderson during that time, and in
tho months of October and November, 1868,
Answer. There was a great political excitement
existing in those counties. The laws could not be
and were not enforced in those counties during that
Queition. Why were not the laws enforced in those
counties?
Answer. Because of political organizations th.tl set
at defiance the officers of the law.
Question. State which of those organizations was
organized in opposition to the law ?
Annoar. From information received by me as
Executive of the State, I was forced to the conclu-
sion that the Democratic party was organized for
thepurpose of preventing the officers of tfio law from
enforcing the law against any of their political par-
tisans, and for the purpose of controlling the elec-
tions to take piace in November in the interest of
that party alone.
Question. Did those political organizations arm
themselves to carry out the objects ot their orgaa-
ization? , .
Answer. I was informed by men wno claimed
