1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
British American possessions and Mexico. It
is large, it is true, and somewhat larger than
the latter altogether. The figures of the first,
including exports and imports, were $88,102,-
670, and of the last only $72,000,000. But
for what purpose does the Senator array these
figures? Santo Domingo will not blot out or
supply the place of Cuba and Porto Rico, and
if such a result were possible it could give us
no larger market for our products. The torrid
aone every where furnishes only limited markets.
They consume little, and that little, it happens,
can be mainly obtained elsewhere at less cost
than from us. If the contrast was intended to
be unfavorable to the trade of the British pos-
sessions and Mexico, then it was a mistake, for
the reason that while our exports to Cuba and
Porto Rico are small, they are in proportion
to imports much larger to the Dominion and
other North American British possessions. So
far as they concern the Santo Domingo ques-
tion, the figures so prominently put forth are
without any logical significance. I fancy they
were intended to give the impression that the
balance of trade would be made all right through
the annexation of Santo Domingo, and in that
view they are entitled—I say it with all respect—
to about as much consideration as we should
give to the toy blocks of children, with which
they sometimes build barns, forts, or churches,
as it may best please juvenile architects. The
Dominican block-house is of about equal sub-
stance and of equal ingenuity.
Usually the Register of the United States
appears to follow the British example in mak-
ing up the report of the trade of Hayti aud San
Domingo, and combines them together, not
considering the latter worthy of any separate
notice; but, in 1868 a separate account was kept,
and we find our domestic exports to Hayti
were $2,950,983, and of foreign goods reex-
ported $299,619, while our domestic exports
to Santo Domingo were only $64,110, and but
$2,091 of foreign goods reexported. Our
imports for the same year from Hayti were
$760,087, and from Santo Domingo only
$83,363 ; the trade with Santo Domingo thus
leaving a balance of about twenty thousand
dollars to be paid by us in gold, while the
Haytien trade was exceedingly healthful, leav-
ing a balance of $2,196,896 to be paid to us
in gold. A critical examination of the trade
of Santo Domingo has been provoked, aud
its absolute nakedness, therefore, deserves to
be fully exposed. Its consequence has been
magnified by being confounded with that of
Hayti, although the trade of that little republic
is quite restricted. Of coffee we imported in
1868-from Hayti 4,631181 pounds, and from
Santo Domingo only 21,815 pounds. From
Hayti we imported 30,827 pounds coeoa and
219,098 pounds of cotton, but none from Santo
Domingo. Of sugar we got $20,092 worth
from Hayti, and $10,111 worth from Santo
Domingo. Of dye-woods we received from
Hayti to the amount of $419,4-12, and how
much do you think, Mr. President, from
Santo Domingo? Remember the immense
forests we have been told about, only requir-
ing a few blows of the woodman's ax to ship
countless cargoes I The amount, all told, was
to the value of $15,988 !
Nearly half of all our imports from Santo
Domingo were in two items—$16,326 in ma-
hogany, and $22,029 in lignum-vitae. Why, sir,
some of the farmers not many miles from this
capital do nearly as large a business every
winter in cutting and selling cord-wood 1 It
would be eclipsed by the trade of mere boys
in Michigan or Maine i Of tropical fruits—and
here certainly we ought to find a surfeit, their
growth is so luxuriant, so entirely laborless !—
the amount we have to acknowledge is twenty -
one dollars for ripe fruits and eight dollars for
preserved fruits! The owner of a California
garden would feel himself treated unhand-
somely if a single visitor should not consume
or carry away more than our whole year's
42d Cong. Isx Sess.—No. 34.
importation from Santo Domingo! Here are
the facts taken from our own documents. Mr.
President, contrast them with the hundred mil-
lion theory—"the house that Jack built"—
which grave Senators have indorsed in this
Chamber 1 Do they warrant such extravagant
predictions?
COCOANOT3 ANB BANANAS WILL NOT PAY OFF THK
PUBLIC DEBT.
If we may accept the theory of the Presi-
dent ia his annual message, the annexation
of Santo Domingo would be the appropriate
plaster, not only for nearly all our national
sores, but for those of other lands. It would
be a cure for many evils at home—naval,
military, financial, moral, commercial, and
political—as well as the precursor of reforms
greatly needed abroad. A panacea of such ex-
tensive pretensions is commonly found upon
trial of small virtue anywhere, and certainly
cannot be counted upon where it has signally
failed when tested by other parties, as Santo
Domingo often has been by other nations.
The opinions of the President of the United
States, official and personal, are entitled to
great consideration ; and having given them
that consideration, both from duty and inclina-
tion, I feel that they must be adopted or re-
jected, with perfect independence, as God en-
able us to seethe right. The message asserts
of this measure that—
"It is to provide honest means of paying our
honest debts without overtaxing tho people."
But how? The President is too much in
earnest to deal in jokes, and this must be treated
as a serious matter. It seems to- be argued
that annexation would enablethe United States
to obtain from Santo Domingo all of our sugar,
coffee, tobacco, and tropical fruits; aud it is
then stated that—
"The production of our own supply of these arti-
cles will cutoff more than one hundred millions of
our annual imports, besides largely increasing our
exports. With such a picture it is easy to see how
our large debt abroad is ultimately to be extin-
guished."
The colors of this picture are positive and
very brilliant, but can they be warranted not
to fade when exposed to the sunlight of facts
and figures? How would it do for a Secretary
of the Treasury to entertain such speculative
visions ? Treasury estimates must be built upon
the solid data of ascertained facts. The im-
agination is a poor financier, wholly without
thrift and great only in gigantic disbursements.
Let alone the grand assumption as to the
capacity of Santo Domingo to produce all the
articles enumerated—eclipsing Cuba, Porto
liico, and all the sugar countries of the world—-
not stopping even to deny the averment, of the
message that it is "capable of supporting ten
millions of people in luxury," how are these
vast products when grown to be covered into
the Treasury of the United States ?
Supposing the fertility of the soil and the dis-
position to labor not to be overstated, when
annexation shall come to pass, the sugar,
coffee, tobacco, and tropical fruits produced
there, much or little, would nevertheless be
the property of private owners, and must be
paid for accordingly, and the price would be
the average price of such articles in the chief
marts of the world, but not less than the
cost of production in Santo Domingo. If the
world's supply of coffee and sugar were to be
so largely increased, however, by a hundred
millions, then it is plain to see that the price
might be greatly diminished ; so much so, per-
haps, as to make the cultivation of such crops,
even in Santo Domingo, unprofitable, and then
their curtailment or total abandonment must
speedily follow. Sugar has been a profitable
crop in Cuba when cultivated by over six hun-
dred and fifty thousand slaves, the slave trade
replacing the enormous losses caused by the
annual mortality of the laborers ; but it has not
been profitable in Hayti since Haytien inde-
pendence, nor in the British West Indies sitice
emancipation. Is it to be expected that Amer-
icans in such a climate can successfully com-
pete with the cheap labor of Cuba, Brazil, or
India?
Still keeping the " picture " before us, that
all of our sugar, tobacco, and tropical fruits
might be obtained exclusively from the east
end of Santo Domingo, it follows then that .
we must surrender millions of revenue which
is now obtained from these sources. How
would such a deficit be made up? Man-
ifestly it could only be done by levying an
equal amount upon tea, salt, or some other
articles imported from foreign countries. A
certain amount of revenue is indispensable to
the existence of the Government. Remove
duties from one quarter and they must be put
on in some other. If our supply of sugar,
coffee, tobacco, and tropical fruits could be
obtained free of duties something else must
then assume the burden. If our imports of du-
tiable articles should be diminished one fourth,
then a proportionate increase of the tariff upon
the remainder must follow or internal taxa-
tion must again be resorted to for means to
supply the deficiency. No one proposes to
resort to the latter at home, and therefore it
could not be imposed upon Santo Domingo.
With no duties upon our exports to or from
Santo Domingo, and no revenue from internal
taxation, what becomes of annexation as "au
honest means of paying our honest debts?"
Beyond all doubt it would cripple our Treas-
ury, and be the signal for the imposition of
new taxes at home, and of no insignificant
amount, if the dream of cutting off $100,000,-
000 of imports should ever come to pass. The
milk in free cocoanuts will not pay the public
debt. I am inflexibly opposed to any increase
of taxation and in favor ot reducing the present
burdens at the earliest day.
The fallacy of expecting any revenue from
Santo Domingo may be fitly shown by the ex-
ample of Cuba with respect to Spain. Spain
needs and ever has needed more revenue, and
no one will question the zeal with which she
has attempted to obtain it. We denounce the
Spanish impositions upon Cuba and would not
be likly to imitate such rapacity; yet the sum
total of that taxation is less than half that
borne by the city of New York, and for the
latest years I have found prior to their present
civil war amounts for maritime to $6,721,250,
and for internal to $5,527,462, or a total of
$12,248,712. Nearly all of this is exhausted
by the civil, military., naval, and miscellane-
ous Cuban expenses, Spain only nibbling an-
nually aboutfifteen hundred thousand dollars,
and this sum is really transmitted to Spain in
support of legations, pensioners, and employes
connected with the island government.
Only nominally has she secured this pitiful
sum of $1,500,000 of annual revenue, atid has
actually already sunk a capital in her latest
inconclusive effort to suppress the Cuban re-
bellion, which she cannot hope to recover, or
even the interest thereon, from all the future
revenues of Cuba, though her sovereignty were
to be prolonged for coming ages. Cuba has
a population of 1,443,381, of which 002,587 are
slaves and 2X6,176 free colored. Santo Do-
mingo is estimated to contain 120,000 inhab-
itants, though the late commission estimates it
higher, which, if we were to oppress with equal
rigor, would yield in proportion, it will be seen,
a net revenue of about one hundred and twenty -
five thousand dollars. But instead of even this
paltry credit we should have millions of'expend-
itures, such as it has cost Spain to establish a
doubtful supremacy in Cuba, or Great Britain
her less doubtful despotism in Jamaica. Truly,
if while our present Administration has been
so successfully paying off over $100,000,000 of
debt annually, the annexation of Santo Do-
mingo has suddenly become the only mode by
which the public debt can be extinguished with-
out overtaxing the people, as the idea would
appear to be entertained in most respectable
quarters, then our condition is deplorable
