292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong....1st Sbss.
to be members of Democratic clubs that they were
arming themselves with 16-shooters, (Winchester
rifles,) with the declared purpose of first controlling
the election by keeping the negroes away from the
•polls; and if resistance was made they would shoot
the negroesdown, and thereby intimidate them, and
thereby prevent the more timid from attending at
all.
Question. State if, in accordanco with these dec-
larations, they did import these rifles.
Answer. I inquired of James G. Gibbs.of this city,
if the statement was true that they were importing
these rifles. He admitted the truth of the state-
ment. « * * * ♦ * * *
I think that thero was scarcely a mail received at
the executive department during the months of
September, October, and November, 1868, thatl did
not get ono or more letters reporting the murder of
citizens of the county, and claimed by the writers of
these letters that they wero murdered on account
of political opinions, or other outrages committed
on them, and begging of me to send a military force
to the county to give the people protection against
lawless men.
Question. What was the condition of Abbeville
county as to outrages; also of Newberry?
Answer. The condition of these counties was greatly
similar to that of Edgefield, in Abbevillo county.
I have reports on file of nineteen murders, all com-
mitted before November election. The men mur-
dered were generally reported to me as leaders
of Union Leagues; and all were Republicans, I
believe. * * ^ v * ••• *
Question. Bo you not know that the importation of
arms into the State was brought about by the fact
that every negro man in the Stato was the owner
of a fire-arm, and the white men almost entirely
unarmed ?
Answer. On the contrary, I know exactly to the
reverse of that; that you would scarcely meet a
whitemanwithouta revolvcrand a double-barreled
shot-gun. It is true tliat many of the eolored men
were armed with shot-guns and old muskets, and
not morethan a largo minority had even these arms.
I wish to give the white men of the State the credit
of having more knowledge of tho negro character
than toboliove that it was nccossary in any emer-
gency to provido themselves with those destructive
weapons in a time of profound peace.
Question. You think, then, and so testify, that tho
16-shooters wero imported to kill nogroes?
Aimoer. I believe, from evidence that I dare not
regard as worthless, that it was tho belief of a party
of this Stato, or a largo number of men of this State,
that the Democratic candidates for President and
Vice President would bo olootcd, and thei oby a de-
cision would bo given ngainst tho reconstruction
laws of Congiess, and it was the intention of these
men to inaugurate a civil war for tho purpose of
overthrowing the governments that had been estab-
lished lit tho South. I will give as ono reason for
this boliof conversations that wero not uncommon
among those who weie most active in importing
those nrm^, or rath or distributing those arms, where-
in they expressed their plan of operation, in which
thoy stated that they would bring about a riot, in
this riot they wouldkill off tho leading Republicans,
both white and black, and that it would bo an easy
matter, alter they were disposed of, to control tho
xnoro easy and timid negro with these guns in their
hands. With tho present State ollioers disposed of,
they would call a now election, when they would
have tho whole matter in thoir own hands. In an-
swer to an inquiry whether they did not fear that
they would bo called to answer for this wholesalo
work, they said, " Who ever hoard of anybody being
punished foi a riot?" and referred to Memphis,
Camilla, and Nrctv Orleans in iSiJiJ.
Question. You think, then, tho lG-.-hooteis wero
intended lor another rebellion and a novv secession ?
Avi-icor. I think they wero intended for a new
rebellion, but not a now secession.
Governor Scott further testifies:
Question. From your offioial knowledge, what was
1lio political condition of aff.iirs in the fourth con-
gressional district of South Carolina at and previous
to that election ?
Answer. From official ami other information I am
satisfied that thero wero organizations in all the
counties of the fourth congressional district to pre-
vent a full and fair oxprebsion at that election. It
was a nart of their purposo and organization to pre-
vent Republicans from voting, by whatever means
if. was necessary to accomplish that object. During
the canvas-*, for two months beforo the election,
oonstuut reports caino to the executive office of the
most flagrant and infamous outrages being perpe-
trated upon the leading colored Republicans,
Question. Did you hear tho lives of any Repub-
lican leaders threatened of tho iourth congressional
district?
Answer. I did; a prominent man of this city, who
was a Democrat himself, said that it was the determ-
ination of thrc people to kill Senator Rose, of York
county, and Joseph Crews, member of tho Legisla-
ture Irom Laurens, as they had made themselves so
obnoxious to their old friends by allying themselves
tvith tho "nigger or Radical paity;" that he would
idvise them not to return to their bomes; that they
-iad bettor leave the State, as they could not live in it.
Q-ustion. Were the lives of Republican speakers
safe m the canvass ?
Answer. They wero not; Mr.Randolph, chairman
of the Republican Stato central committee, was
killed at Hodges's Depot on his return from Abbe-
ville Court-House, in the course of hiscanvass of tho
upper portion of the State; and so thoroughly was
I convinced that ifc was unsafe to canvass the State
that I wrote and advised A. S. Wallace,' the candi-
date of the fourth congressional district, and his
friends to come from Spartanburg here to Columbia
and to cease the canvass, or they would lose .their
lives.
Question. Which of the counties in the fourth con-
gressional district were the most dangerous and tur-
bulent from the official information you received?
Answer,. Union,York,andLa-urenswerethemost;
Spartanburg, Pickens, and Oconee were very tur-
bulent, and mob violonce was used, but not to the
same extent as in York, Union, and Laurens; in
Greenville, Fairfield, and Chester a comparatively
fair election, for the upper part of this State, was
hold.
Question. From official information did theroexist
such an organization as the Ku KluxKlan in all
these counties?
Answer. There did in all these counties, as well as
in the entire upper part of the State, and still ex-
ists and continues to commit depredations upon tho
people to such extent that I have oven rocently been
compelled in York county to organize a militia com-
pany, who are now standing guard to protect their
persons and property against their lawless violence.
Question,. Did you take measures to protect the
people in those counties at that time?
Answer. I did. In addition to the constabulary
force of the State, I called upon Goneral Meade, the
commandant of this military district, to establish
military posts in the counties of Union, York, Lau-
rens, and Chester; but these troops were so few in
number, and their orders were such, that they could
do but little more than afford a sort of moral influ-
ence in the immediate vicinity of the towns in which
thoy woro stationed; other parts of the counties
wore left entirely unprotected.
Question. From your knowledgo, obtained from
reliable sources, was there afairoloction held at that
time in this district?
Answer. ExcofJt in the counties of Fairfield, Ches-
ter, and Greenville, the election was a mere farce,
and no man in the counties who has the least sense
of honesty would say otherwise; the frauds, intim-
idations, violoneo, and murders were so well under-
stood by all men insido and outside of those coun-
ties. that I cannot believe that there is a single man
in those counties who would so stultify himself as to
say that there was anything like an approximation
to a fair election; the Democracy carried tho elec-
tion by intimidation and violonce alone.
Question. Why did you not have troops distributed
throughout all theso oounties to protect tho citizens
in their rights?
Answer. For tho simplo reason that there were not
a sufficient number of troops in the State; if there
had been, I would have placed at least one com-
pany in every county in tho third and fourth con-
gressional districts; I knew they were badly needed
m all of thorn.
Question. Was ifc not your duty as Executive of
the State to protect all its citizens?
Answer. It was; but the government had been
but roeontly organized under tho reconstruction
acts, and had not a singlo gun with which to arm
tho militia, and it would have been folly to have
pluood inexpericncod and unarmed men against
organized and disciplined ex-confederate soldiers,
armed with the most approved weapons knotfn to
modern warfaro, tho Winchester 14-shooting rifles,
which had been shipped into tho State during the
summer and fall of 1868 in large numbers and distrib-
uted among theso counties for the express purpose
of spreading terror and intimidation throughout
the district during the campaign and the elec-
tion, and for tho publicly-avowed purpose of over-
turning tho government of the State, provided tho
election should result favorably for Seymour and
Blair. This intention wasnot only asubjec: of daily
conversation among their people, but was openly
declared by their public speakers.
John B. Hubbard:
lam forty years of ago; reside in Columbia; am
chief constable of tho Stato of South Carolina. I
have been chief constable of tho State since tho 27th
day of August, 1868, and have resided in tho State
since 1806. iwas detective under Genorals Sickles
and Can by.
Question. Were you through the counties of the
fourth congressional district previous to the presi-
dential and congressional election; and what was
tho political condition of affairs thero at that time?
Answer. In nil the counties except ono there were
threats, intimidations, and violence used against
Republicans. Men wero taken out by the KuKlux
and whipped, to frighten them from voting tho Re-
publican ticket. My subordinates officially notified
mo that in all the counties west of Broad river, as
well as in York county, Ku Ivlux abounded in num-
bers and spread general terror all over the country.
They traveled disguised, with their faces masked,
themselves covered with different habits, and their
horses spread over with sheets or covers. They left
notes with skull and cross-bones, and mottoes, such
as "Beware; your time has come," and also fre-
quently left coffins at and about different doors.
When I was in Union, in the summer and fall of
'1868, they declared openly that they would carry the
election their way, no matter what occurred. I
asked them how, and they said, "We have a trick
you will see," In York they said that if they had
known that I was Hubbard I would never have got-
ten out alive. In the same county numerous cases
of whippings and shootings were officially reported
to me. The Ku Klux abounded everywhere. In
Laurens county cases were officially reported to mo
in which men were stationed ou the highways to
prevent Republican voters from going to the polls.
Numerous outrages and murders were perpetrated
on Republicans. There was one caso in which, in
the town of Laurens, a man was publicly shot down
in the streets for simply saying he was a Republican ;
another case, in which twenty shots were fired upon
a Republican in daylight, until he was chased en-
tirely out of the town. In Oconee, Pickens, and
Soartanburg the same state of affairs existed. In
Greenville, except in the lower part of the county,
in which Ku Klux abounded, it was not so bad. In
all the other counties a general system of intim-
idation and terrorism reigned supreme. I daily
expected to hear that my deputies were killed, and
that anarchy had takeu possession of the county.
So great was the danger that I advised the. members
of the Legislature of Laurens and York not to go
home during tho recess. Every time that I myself
went into those counties I thought I would not get
back alive. Iwas told by prominent Democrats
that I would not get back; that I would be killed.
Prominent Democrats advised ray friends ui Now
York to get ine to leave the State; that their polit-
ical friends had sworn to kill me. My principal
danger was in the third and fourth congressional
districts of the State. The Ku Klux organization
in theso districts was perfect. I was told since, by
members of that organization, that they had couriers
posted all over the country who could travel as fast
as the cars; thatif a disturbance commenced at any
of the polls a general massacre of Republicans was
intended.
Question. Were there many Winchester rifles
shipped into those counties by the Democrats ?
Answer. Several thousand were shipped by ox-
press, as well as many on private account. There
was a general distributing office here in Columbia.
Question. Was there a picture of leading Repub-
licans taken and distributed throughout the State,
so that they might be recognized and murdered?
Answer. There was. It was sent among the Demo-
cratic roughs throughout tho entire State.
II. C. Br&wley:
I am thirty-five years of age; reside in Chester
county, South Carolina, near the York county line,
and am a farmer.
Question. Did you know the leader of the Ku Klux
band, as well as a number of tho band itself, who
patrolled tho country at night jn-evious to this elec-
tion?
Answer. I did; but do not think it safe to give
their names.
Question. Were those band." armed and disguised?
Anstoer. They were disguised, and armed with
16-shooters. The country was then, and still is, full
of thoso guns.
W. A. Bishop, farmer:
Question. How long have you resided in Greenville
county ?
Answer. About sixteen or seventeen years.
Question. Did you hear Domo^rats express their
opinion in regard to the reconstruction laws and
the State government organized under them?
Answer. They considered the reconstruction laws
were unconstitutional, and that tho State govern-
ment would not stand, and that it was illegal, and
all laws passed were null and void, and that they
would not respect tho State officers.
John B. Hyde:
I was frequently notified by persons that if Sey-
mour and Blair were elected I would be run out of
the country, and could not live m Greenville. Pic-
tures of coffins were posted on the doors of the houses
of prominent Republicans.
W.Magill Fleming:
Question. What opinions did you hearexpressed by
tho Democrats in regard to the reconstruction laws
and the State government organized under them?
Answer. They held that the reconstruction acts
were illegal, unconstitutional, and void, and that the
State government organized thereby was a usurpa-
tion of the rights of citizens of this State, and ought
to be resisted by every means which God and nature
had put in their power.
Thomas Hill:
Question. Did they prevent theUnion League from
meeting there?
Answer. They broke ifc up entirely, and would
watch in the woods to keep Republicans from meet-
ing thero.
Question. Were tho Republicans peaceablo and
well-behaved?
Answer. They were afraid to show themselves. It
was not safe for a man to say that he was a Repub-
lican. lie would be shot down on the street lor say-
ing so. One man b^ tho name of Tabby, who was
president of the Union League, was shot down in
John Kyle's store, in the town of Laurens, in broad
daylight, simply for being a Republican. ^
Question. Did you ever join the Democratic club
at Laurens Court-House ?
Answer, I did. Being a poor man, and in order
to save my life, I was compelled to sail under false
colors and join the club.
Question. Were you ever present at the meetings
of that club?
Answer. I was often present.
