1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
official members. This shows conclusively that,
a .West. India government must be supported
b_v an army, and also shows the arbitrary style
o'f government which is still necessary after
at) occupancy of the island by the British ever
since the time of Cromwell. Such men as
Governor Eyre only can maintain order. It
is also to be noted that when slavery existed
there were, in a population of three hundred
and forty thousand, thirty thousand whites, but
in 18G1 the whites were reduced to less than
fuin teen thousand. Is there not some proof
in this that there is no health in the West
India archipelago for white people? Who will
soy that Santo Domingo can be governed with
h>ss sacrifice of life or treasure than Jamaica?
And Jamaica is much smaller than Santo
Domingo.
The history of Santo Domingo, early and
late, shows the climate to be incompatible with
labor. It is a sad reflection that its million or
more of native inhabitants, when reduced to
forced labor, were all speedily exterminated.
From the highest numbers, whatever those
may have been, only sixty thousand were left
in the short space of fifteenyears, and in forty
years 110 more than two hundred of the original
inhabitants remained. When their places were
filled, from time to time, by millions more of
oilier Indians and hardier sons of Africa, even
these stubborn races gave way, and for two
centuries the climate appears to have been
most destructive to the vitality of the human
race, drawn from whatever quarter of the globe.
The experiments made within the last five
years show that of some hundreds of men hired
to go and work on Santo Domingo plantations
neatly all were stricken down by disease, and
few lived to return. The woeful mortality which
followed more than four hundred freedmen,
an enterprise for a time in charge of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] landed at
isle 4 Vache, Hayti, and from which our
Government had to rescue the survivors at
great expense and scandal, is too notorious to
be disputed.
Mr. POMEROY. As there can be no dis-
cussion on this subject after the Senator con-
cludes, I hope he will not connect me with
any such scheme as that. I had no more to
do with it than a dead man.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Kansas had charge of the $500,000 raised
for the purpose of colonizing some freedmen.
Mr. POME BOY. But I say, as to those
who went to Hayti, I had no more to do with
it than a dead man, and protested against them
all the time.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Onechapter
of the historian, Alison, I think I have shown
to be a chapter of blunders, and I shall now
turn over another leaf and quote from a pas-
sage on the West India islands, where he
is sustained by all standard authorities, and
where he is most probably entirely right. He
" It is a land of slavery and pestilence, where in-
dolence dissolves the manly character and stripes can
alone arouse the languid arm; where death bestrid es
the evening gale, and the yielding breath inhales
poison wit hits delight; where the iron race of Japhet
itself seems melting away under the prodigality of
the gifts of nature."
This is the-salabrity to which we are so ear-
nestly invited ! It appears to me the less we
have of it the better.
Prom the report on commercial relations
(Executive Document No. 18) transmitted to
the House of Representatives December 5,
1870, by the Secretary of State, I find valuable
information communicated by our commercial
agent, J. Somers Smith, at Santo Domingo,
which fully corroborates the statements already
given as to the utter poverty of the resources
of the country and its extreme unhealthfulness.
The whole document shows that while sugar
cane is grown it is consumed in its crude state
or converted into molasses and rum. Coffee
may be grown, but not enough is produced for
their own consumption, and it is imported and
sold at retail for twenty five cents, gold. Noth-
ing considerable is produced except tobacco.
They are dependent on the United States for
even potatoes, onions, beets, flour, butter,
lard, and cheese. They have some mahogany,
but there is no demand for it, I will ask the
Secretary to read from the docnmentasl have
marked on page 338.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Cotton and cocoa are raised in insignificant quan-
tities. There are no productions from mines in Santo
Domingo. The exaggerated accounts published in
the United States are gotten up by adventurers who
have obtained concessions for nothing and expect to
realize profits from the credulity of their fellow-
citizens. There is no question that there are indi-
cations of copper and gold, as these metals have
been found in small quantities but U is extremely
doubtful whether enterprises in search of these hid-
den riches would be profitable. As a warning to
such as may be tempte,! to embark capital in Do-
minican mining enterprises, it is proper to state that
Mr. Heneken. an English gentleman who resided in
this country more than thirty years, was constantly
engaged in visiting all parts of the island. He was
a member of the Geological Society of London, and
employed scientific engineers and Cornish miners,
but it proved to be labor lost. He died about five
years ago, impoverished and disappointed. The
wealth of this country consists in its various cab-
inet, lignum-vita), and dye-woods, and the fertility
of its soil, which is capable of producing all tropical
plants in abundance; but it languishes in conse-
quence of its constant revolutionary state, and be-
cause it has but a small and ignoraut population.
Efforts have been made at times to introduce a white
immigration, but unsuccessfully. Nearly all the
immigrants from Europe and the United States fell
victims to the climate in a very short time after their
arrival. This fact is repeatedly recorded in the ard
chives of this consulate. There arc no white field-
laborers in San 10 Domingo,"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present
this report of an authorized agent of our Gov-
ernment, resident of Santo Domingo, and sent
to Congress by the Secretary of State, as a
very satisfactory document to be read and hung
up alongside of the report of our late com-
missioners ; but I must say that 1 have no
idea' that our commercial agent, by anticipa-
tion, intended to refer to any "exaggerated
accounts" published by the commission.
BAEZ WANTS THE MORAL FORCE OF GUNS—HIS PEOPLE
MAY PftEFEIl THE UNITED STATES TO BAEZ.
But were all other circumstances as favor-
able to Dominican annexation as they are in
fact repugnant to the scheme, there still re-
mains one more vital consideration, namely,
do the people of Santo Domingo really desire
to sink their independent existence and be
permanently stitched to the mere selvage of
the United States? Decidedly no ! The rul-
ing passion of the people, mainly descendants
of Indians and forty different African races, is
a hatred of the white race. Smothered it may
be for a time, but it is sure sooner or later to
crop out. In the Haytien part of the island,
where the same races prevail, white persons
are excluded from becoming citizens and from
becoming owners of land. They have really
sought independence, and have abundant faith
in theirown autonomy, if they could only keep
the Haytiens at bay. The fact is conceded
by the commissioners that they would now
prefer independence if they believed that to
be possible.
A temporary gust may now blow in favor of
the United States; they may want to realize
the $600,000 to pa.y off back salaries; they
may fear Baez while he seems to carry already
the United States flag; they may yearn for
peace so that they will not be conscripted to
fight in the army of Baez; they may only echo
opinions of leaders to day which they will be
ready to change to-morrow ; they may expect
sudden wealth and not taxation; but it would
be a great mistake to suppose that Dominicans
have more respect or affection for the United
States than they have for France or Spain. !
From language, religion, and association their !
inhering partialities must all be in favor of the ;
Latin race and the infallible Catholic church. 1
In 1818 the present adventurer, Baez, :
attempted to sell out his country to France. :
In 1861, not to load the recital with other
instances, Santanamade a transfer of Domingo
to Spain, at the time with universal applause.
But very soon the people were inspired with
other sentiments,and would not submit. Within
three years they drove all the Spanish forces
out of their territory, and Spain, with enorm-
ous losses, once more abandoned Santo Do-
mingo. There is no more reason to suppose
the people favor the annexation now pro-
posed than that which they then trampled in
the dust of a revolution. The rival chiefs,
whose baseness is only equaled by their prid& 
and whose treachery is surpassed only by their
servility, may seek safety, titles, and wealth
by such a measure; but the people, whatever
they or others may now say or think, will ever
stand ready to accept the lead of any patriotic
chief who may hereafter raise, however rudely,
the banner of revolt or of independence.
Already evidence is accumulating which
shows the popular vote, obtained through the
enticements of Baez and the moral force of
the guns of the United States Navy, to have
been a delusive juggle. A vote so swift and
so one-sided affords grounds for suspicion,
especially when the imprisonment of the first
negative voter disclosed the compulsatory
part of the process. The banishment or im-
prisonment of those known to bo opposed to
annexation is also an ugly feature. Cabral,
not inferior in cunning nor in popular lavor
to Baez, declares the popular vote in favor of
annexation "a sham." 'Cabral, and fighting
men enough to frighten if not to overwhelm
Baez, whenever the stars and stripes and the
" moral support" of our guns, asour Secretary
ofthe Navy softly calls it, shall be withdrawn,
Cabral and his party protest against th'e valid-
ity of the whole transaction, are now in arms
suceessfuly disputing it, and the popular vote
seems to have been a poor copy of the very
poorest Napoleonism. It is clear that Santo
Domingo could only be held by a military and
naval force, as it has been held for the past
year by our Navy. The masses, however con-
fused and unstable upon other matters, have a
traditional aversion to the rule of any foreign
nation, manifested in their public records,
and on many bloody fields of battle, which it
would be sheer blindness to disregard.
It should be borne in mind also that the con-
sent of Hayti seems to be as essential to the
transfer of territory as that of Santo Domingo
itself. Without such consent even now bor-
der warfare seems breaking forth from every
jungle and which Baez is incompetent to grap-
ple with, but piteously asks the United Slates
for aid to suppress. Cabral and Luperon, and
their malcontents, with the aid of the dusky
warriors of Hayti, always ready for an unre-
lenting crusade against the whites, might prove
a formidable foe in a desperate climate even
to the United States.
It should also be noted that of the 22,212
square miles now claimed by Santo Domingo
1,000 square miles are reported to be held
and occupied by Cabral or by Hayti. Did the
commissioners penetrate this part ofthe island?
But suppose it were to be admitted that every
Dominican, those who have large claims for
unpaid salaries and those who expect salaries
hereafter, as well as those who hold leases of
land in expectation of annexation, was known
to be in favor of the measure, would that be
any reason why we should be? It might be a
very good bargain for them and yet a very bad
one for us. Are wo to accept of all peoples
and tribes who may express a desire for such
a union? A patrimony quite ample, if prop-
erly husbanded, by such a course would soon
be squandered.
Finally, no Dominican can be legally bound
by any compact which carries with it terri-
torial sovereignty. Their latest constitution
declares that "neither the whole nor any part
of the territory shall be alienated." We know,
therefore, that not even the conscience of
Baez, nor that of any other Dominican, can
