1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
Question. Did that club ever pass resolutions to
preven t Republicans from voting at the presidential
and congressional election in 1868; and, if so, what
was the character of these resolutions ?
Answer. They did. They passed resolutions to
furnish every white Democrat with arms, so as to
be able to take possession of the polls and prevent
the Republicans from voting on the day of the said
election.
Question. Were the Democrats generally armed on
that day ?
Answer. Every one of them was armed.
Enoch Cannon:
I am a citizen of Spartanburg, South Carolina;
was born and raised in that county; X am twenty-
seven years old.
Question. What position did you hold at the time
of said election ?
Ansioer, I was acting deputy State constable in
Spartanburg county.
Question. Was there much excitement, and was the
feeling bitter?
Answer. Very bitter indeed.
Question. Which party occasioned the trouble?
Answer. The Democratic party, who had been
legally defeated in the contcst for the election of
members to the State convention.
Question. Who were the leaders of tho Democratic
party in your county at that time?
Answer. The very men who led the county into
rebellion in 1860.
Question. What was the tone of the^ press in your
county at the time and previous to this election ?
Ansioer. It was bitter and threatening against the
United States Government and all its friends; against
the reconstruction policy of Congress and the friends
of the State government.
Question. What was tbe condition of Spartanburg
county at and previous to the day of the election ?
Answer. It was very nearly in a state of rebellion
against the United States Government, and terror
and intimidation reigned supreme. While carrying
the United States flag I was ordered to halt by the
leading Democrats, and both me and the flag was
cursed by them, and the United States Government,
as well as the government of the State of South
Carolina, were denounced by them in blatant terms.
T. M. Graham, born and raised in Cbestor:
Question. Doyou know that fire-arms were brought
to Chester during the canvass?
Answer. Yes, I know that a great many of those
new-faehioned breech-loading rifles were brought
there by two business men and sold to the people.
I think the house of Smith & Melton ordered them
for the people; they brought none except to fill
orders, I think.
P. J. O'Connell:
Question. What were the principles of the Demo-
cratic party, as set forth in their speeches and pub-
lications, in relation to the reconstruction laws and
the State government organized under them?
Answer. Their principles were that the recon-
struction acts were null and void and unconstitu-
tional, that they recognized no such thing as the
State government, and would countenance no man
who associated himself with the Republican party.
They regarded Governor Scott as an interloper, and
questioned his authority in matters that pertained
to the State government.
William P. Harris, a farmer, says: _
Question. How long have you lived in Newberry
county ?
Answer, For the last forty years.
Question. Do you know anythingaboutthe persons
who were killed ?
Answer. I know that Leo Nance, Johnson Gloster,
Jack Roberts, and Amos Wcsleywero killed because
they were active Republicans; I knew of several
who were turned off for voting Republican tickets,
and I have heard of a great many who were whipped
or turned off for intending to vote the Republican
ticket.
James Henderson:
Question. How long have you lived m .Newberry
county?
Answer. Thirty-one years.
Question. State if you know if there was a general
system of intimidation and violence practiced m
Newberiy county for the purpose of preventing the
colored men and members of the Republican party
from voting the Republican ticket.
Answer. There was.
Question. What did that consist of? , '
Ansioer. It consisted in whipping, shooting, kill-
ing, and turning them off tho places.
Question. State, if you know, how many men were
killed in Newberry county on account of their polit-
ical opinions during the canvass.
Ansioer. Four, for being Republicans.
Question. IIow many whipped?
Answer. Three that Iknowof, for the same reason.
Question. How many shot?
Answer. Three shot badly that I know of; there
ore dozens of others that I have heard of, but these
I know myself.
J ohn R. Cochran:
I was born in Anderson county; have lived there
al! my life; am twenty-six years old.
Question. Were you a rebel during the war, and
in tbe rebel army?
Answer. Yes; in fourth South Carolina regiment,
and wounded in first Bull Run battle.
Question. State the political condition of Anderson
county during the campaign.
Answer, Very excited. Democratic clubs were
organized throughout the county, and it was gener-
ally understood, and I was so told by many members
of the clubs, that resolutions were passed in the
clubs that no man should employ colored men who
voted the Republican ticket, and there was a general
system of intimidation and violence in many por-
tions of the county; in some portions of the county
men, white and colored, were whipped and shot on
account of their being Republicans, to prevent them
from voting Republican ticket and to prevent them
from taking an active part in tho campaign. Men
and women have called to see me who had been
whipped, their property destroyed, their children
maltreated by bodies of armed men who patrolled
the county at night.
John Henderson:
Question. Name, wheredoyou live, how long have
you lived there?
Answer. Maybinton, Newberry coun ty; am twen ty-
three years old; lived there all my life.
Question, Were colored men allowed to vote at
that precinct?
Answer. No, sir. The whites—Democrats—came
to tke polls armed, and would not allow a colored
man to vote. About fifty-five or sixty colored men,
Republicans, were present, but were not allowed
to vote. I was not allowed to vote.
Question. Was there any violence throughout the
campaign in Newberry?
Answer. Many men were whipped, many turned
off the plantations, and three murdered.
B. P. Bates:
I am fifty-two years of age; was born and raised
in Spartanburg county. South Carolina; am a tanner
and merchant.
Question. Were there not very many Republicans
kept from the polls by threats and intimidation ?
Answer. They were almost all kept away. The Ku
Klux Klan had traveled all over the county for many
nights previous to that day. Two colored men mys-
teriously disappeared a short time before the elec-
tion and have never returned.
Question. To which party did you belong ?
Answer, I was identified with neither party, but
would have voted for A. S. Wallace, on grounds of
personal friendship, but voted the Democratic' ticket
tor reasons above stated.
G. L. Pearsons:
I am twenty-four years of age, born and raised in
Spartanburgcounty, and am a farmer.
Question. Did political feeling on the part of the
Democracy run high and become bitter toward Re-
publicans at and before tho congressional and pres-
idential election in 3868?
Answer. It did. It was very bitter and hostile.
Question. Was there such an organization as passed
under the name of Ku Klux in your county?
Answer. There was; they traveled over the county,
threatening and frightening Republicans.
Question,. Were you yourself ever threatened by
the Ku Klux?
Answer. I was. I went to Cedar Grove church, just
across the river in Laurens county. They thieat-
ened me that if I ever came back they would take
me out and hickory-whip me.
Question. At what precinct did you vote on the day
of that election ?
Answer, I did not vote. 1 went to Cashville pre-
cinct tovote, but from the threats that were made
there that day I didn't regard it safe to vote tho
Republican ticket.
Question. What kind of threals were made?
Ansioer. Throats were made that if I voted they
would Ku Klux me, and run me off the place I lived
on. I lived on rented land. They afterward com-
pelled me to give it up. * * " *
Question. Wero there many men kept from voting
at Cashville by these threats and intimidations?
Answer. A very great many. I know of at least
ten white men and at least thirty colored men who
did not vote at that precinct on account, of these
throats. ' *• ,5* ^ v 1
Question. Did the Democrats all vote?
Answer. Every one. There was no throats made
against them. All could have voted if they had been
willing to vote that ticket.
Question. Was there a general threat at these
polls to Ku Klux all who voted the Republican
ticket? , , _
Answer. There was. Such was the general under-
standing.
James Perry;
I am forty-one years of age; reside in Spartanburg
county. South Carolina; and am a magistrate.
Question. Were the Ku Klux organization in your
county, and did they travel over it previous to that
election, spreading general terror wherever they
went?
Answer. It was. As magistrate, I haa constant
complaints made before me of threats made and
outrages perpetrated by them; and, as magistrate,
I bad threats made against me for arresting mem-
bers of their organization. There were al?o com-
plaints made to me of outrages committed by them
in Laurens and Greenville counties. They left
threats in writing, ominous signs, and oven coffins,
at the doors of Republicans. They also attacked
the premises and fired into the houses of Repub-
lican citizens.
Dr. John N. Lindsey:
I am forty years of age; reside in Spartanburg
county, South Carolina, ana am a farmer.
Question. What was tho feeling toward Republic-
ans in the congressional and presidential campaign
in 1868 in your county ?
Answer. It was very bitter and hostile.
Question. What position did you occupy at that
election?
Answer. I was clerk at tho Cashville district.
Question. For what ticket did you vote?
Answer. The Democratic ticket.
Question, Were Republican tickets taken from
voters at the polls and torn up?
Answer, I saw one taken and torn up. When X
saw that, I said, "Boys, that is wrong. Quit it."
Question. At a fair election do you not believe tho
Republicans would have a majority at that box?
Answer. I am satisfied they would.
Question. From your intimate knowledge of the
Democratic party as a member, was it not the pur-
pose and policy of tho Democratic party in your
county in that campaign to so intimidato Republic-
ans as to keep them from voting?
Answer, It was.
Thomas C. Scott:
Question. Did you hear any of the Democratic
State canvassers threaten colored men that, if they
voted the Radical ticket, they bhoulcl not live on
their land or be employed by them in any way by
membeis of the Democratic party?
Answer, Yes; I heard Gabriel Cannon, State can-
vasser, say, in addressing the colored people, that if
they voted the Radical ticket they would lose their
friends and wander about like Indians; get their
length, two by six, and their bones would whiten the
hill-?, as they wero dependent upon us for every-
thing—bread, employment, and sustenance; that
those who professed to bo their friends wero not
their friend*, as all they wanted was to make them
vote the Radical ticket, as they (the Radicals) wanted
their votes, and that was all.
II. II. Foster:
1 am twenty-nine years? of age; was raised and
born in Spartanburgcounty, South Carolina, and am
a brick-mason. I was amcmberof the constitutional
convention.
Question. Wore many Republicans maltreated
throughout the county previous to that election ?
Answer, There were a great many. Ttiey were
threatened if they voted the Republican ticket they
would bo killed, and thi* threat kept hundreds who
did not come to the polls from coming, and many
who did come from voting.
Question. Was there such an organization in your
county as the Ku Klux, and did 1 hoy travel all over
the county?
Answer. There was; and they did, and spread ter-
ror and dismay wherever they went among Repub-
lican voters.
Question. Were you present the day that A. S.
Wallace and other Republicans spoke at Spartan-
burg Court-House previous to that election ?
Answer. 1 was.
Question. Did you hear the speech of Gabriel Can-
non and Dr. Blake on that day?
Answer. I did.
Question. Did Mr. Cannon threaten colored voters
if they voted the Republican ticket?
Answer, lie did. lie said, "We own tho lands;
you live on them; you eat our bread and meat; and
if you vote tor our enemies, the Radicals, you will
get your earth, two by six; you will go like the In-
dians, and your bones will whiten our hill-sides."
Dr. Blake's speech was still more threatening. They
blocked up the passage hy a lawless mob, who were
shouting and denouncing Republicans, until wo
heard these speeches.
Question, Were the speeches of Democratic speak-
ers generally of this threatening tone?
Answer. They were.
Qiu-btion. Where did you vote at. that election ?
Atwwfsr. At Spartanburg Court-IJouse. I was one
of a crowd of eleven who started tovote the Repub-
lican ticket, with tickets in our .hands, and I was
the only one who got voting that ticket. The others
were turned back and some of them compelled to
vote the Democratic ticket. The crowd that blocked
up the way to tho polls was threatening and men-
acing: so much so that Republicans were afraid to
pass through it. , .
Question. Did you hearS. Strobo Farren^chairman
of tho Democratic club, say they intended to carry
the election, no matter for law, order, or anything
Answer. I did; and I heard Jiim boast afterward
that they had carried the election, and some one
replied," You did not do it by fair means." He said,
"1 know wc did not, but we carried it anyhow."
C. C. Baker: . TT -
I am thirtv years of ago; reside m Union county,
South Carolina; I am a gold miner; there were a
great many Winchester carbines brought into that
county. , . ,.
Question, Was there such an organization as tno
Ku Klux Klan in your county at that time ?
Answer, I did not see them myself, but the gen-
eral reputation was that such an organization did
exist for the purpose of intimidating Republicans.
y vest ion. Wereyou >ourself threatened ?
Answer, I was. I was told tha.t if .1 went in with
the negro party, meaning the Republican party, I
could not live there,
