294
APPENDIX T.0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Elan—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Con« 1st Sess.
Question. Was your acquaintance extensive in
Union, Spartanburg, and York counties?
Answer. It was. I was passing ana repassing all
through these countics hunting gold mines.
Question. Was the intimidation general through-
oar, these counties?
A tmoer. If. was. It amounted to terrorism.
Question. Was the condition such as to prevent a
fair and full vote?
Answer. It was. The negroes workiag for me,
eight in number, except ono man, wex*e afraid to go
and vote. This one man walked thirteen miles in
order to get a vote.
Question. Did you vote yourself?
Answer. I did. I voted the Democratic ticket,
against my own convictions, because I did not re-
gard it safe or politic for me to rote the Republican
ticket.
Question. Were you an officer in the Federal Army ?
Answer. I was; and served throughout the entire
war, and was wounded seven times. I was a brevet
major general at the close of the war.
John Bates:
I, myself, and thirteen others were fired upon and
wounded at Sautuck Depot, in Union county, by a
mob of Democracts, without any provocation, and
forced to fly to Columbia for protection.
Question. Were the Union Leagues broken up by
Democrats in the fall of 1868 in your county ?
Anstmr. They were.
Question. Did armed bands of Ku Klux patrol your
eounty ?
Answer. They did, and threatened all Republic-
ans. They came to my house disguised, drew their
arms upon me, and swore they wouldkill me. After
thoy left my house I heard a shot fired by them at a
colored man by the name of Henry Jeter, who was
wounded by them. I saw the wound the next
morning.
Question. Were colored Republicans generally
intimidated and threatened in that campaign?
Answer. They wero; they were afraid to go out of
their houses, and wero not permitted to keep a light
in their house at night.
Question, At what precinct did you vote at that
election?
Answer. I did not vote. I went to Sautuck pre-
cinct to v«te, but they would not allow me; they
did not even permit me to approach the polls, and
swore that if 1 did they would shoot me down. I
then left and went to Union precinct, with a great
many others, some eleven miles. They refused our
votes there; thoy said there wore too many Radical
tickets voted already ; that they would let us vote
if we voted the Democratic ticket.
Question, Woro there many colored Ropublicans
who were prevented from voting at Union precinct
when the polls closed ?
Answer. There were, several hundred.
J. A. Walker!
1 am twenty-lour years of ago; was born and raised
in Union county, South Carolina; am a schoolmaster
and magistrate. The life of no Republican was safe.
I was otton insulted, aad Anally discharged for my
adherence to the Republican party.
# # # * * * * * * *
Question. Did the Democrats carry arms to the
polls and threaten to use them?
Answer. Tlicy did. They came in, two and three
at a time, with Winchester rifles swung on their
shoulders, with pistols in their belts, and eartridge-
boxea on their backs, threatening to kill any man
who voted against them. *****
Question. Was there such an organization in your
county as the Ku KJux, who went over the county
previous to this election, disguised and armed, at
night, and threatened to kill all who voted tho
Republican ticket? .
Answer. There was. They cam© within five hun-
dred yards of uiyhouse tho night before the election,
who inquired for Aleck Walker and J. S. Mohioy,
and said they would kill them before morning. I
was lying in ambush and hoard them.
Question. Was thatKu Klux organization general
throughout the country?
Answer. From ray own personal knowledge, and
from uiostrehable information, I would say it was.
!> X As###
Question. Ware not a number of Winchester rifles
brought there before the election and distributed
jiuiung t]io Democrats ?
Answer. There were, and they are there vet, and
were freely used by tho Democrats on that day.
Question. What was the feeling of the Democratic
party of Union county in reference to reconstruc-
tion?
Answer. It was very bitter and hostile. They bit-
terly denounced the United States Government, tho
government of the State, and were utterly opposed
to the colored men having any rights whatever.
Jesse J. Mobry sworn:
Question, liow long have you resided in Union
eouiKj ?
Answer. AU my life.
Question, Have you been acquainted with the con-
dition of political affaire in your county for some
years past?
Answer. I have. I was appointed a register under
tho military authorities m 1867, and have been en-
Kaeed in registering voters and managing elections
at dilieieut times whenever elections occurred up to
the present time. I was a manager of election at
Goudeysville precinct at the election for President
and members of Congress on 3d day of November,
1868 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Question. By whom were these threats made?
Answer. By members of the Democratic party.
They threatened repeatedly to kill every man who
voted the Republican ticket, and to drive them off
the lands which they occupied, and to run them out
of the country. I heard one man say publicly that
he would at any time join a party to go to a Repub-
lican's house and kill him and burn up everything
he had. This was said in the- crowd on the day of
the election, and he was publicly applauded by the
Democrats. ********
Question. Was there an organization in your county
known as the Ku Klux Klan?
Answer. It was generally understood that there
was such an organization, and many outrages were
committed on Republicans by men in disguise riding
after night, who claimed to be members of that organ-
ization. 3?ive persons, all of whom were Republicans,
were murdered within my knowledge j three shot
and two hanged. A sixth man had his throat cut so
that he died at once. Another Republican was caught
by such a party of men in disguise, tied hand and
foot and thrown into the river, but in struggling he
broke the rope and swam out. Several other Repub-
licans were taken from their homes and whipped
and beaten. These outrages were notorious, and
bolieved all over the county. I am satisfied that
they were committed, and I am satisfied that it was
done by members of the Democratic party for the
purpose of in timidating and frightening Republicans
and preventing them from voting at the election for
President and member of Congress.
Question. What had been the political position of
the leaders of the Democratic party in your county
for some years previous?
Answer. They ail were prominent secessionists in
1860, and all were actively engaged in the rebellion,
and since tho war have been bitter enemies of the
United States Government and actively opposed to
the reorganization of the State government under
the reconstruction laws.
Jed. P. Porter sworn:
Question. How long have you lived in Union
county?
Answer. All my life. * * * * I heard
many throats of violenoe made by Democrats against
Republicans, I heard an organization called the
Ku Klux Klan spoken of. A short time before the
election a freodman who lived in my neighborhood
informed me that a coffin had been loft in the shop
where he worked, with a notice that if he did not
leavo the country at once he would be killed for being
a Radical. I am satisfied it was true, and the freed-
man left at once for Columbia.
Question. What position did you occupy about the
time of the election?
Answer. I was appointed manager at the Going's
precinct. On the day previous to the election on
November 3,1868, 1 went to Union Court-House for
the Republican tickets for that precinct; I got the
tickets and was preparing to start home, when a man
came up and asked to soo tho tickots; he refused to
give them back and walked away with them; my
rother-in-law, who was a Democrat, came to me
and advised me to leave, saying that if I did not
leave I would bo killed; I then went round in the
rear of a lot where some freedman brought my horse,
and I started home accompanied by my brother; I
had gone noar four miles when a crowd of oight
Domocrats came up rapidly, cursing me for being a
Radical and jerkedmeoff my horse; the fall bruised
my face and out it severely; they kicked and beat
me while I was on tho ground until my face and
clothes woro covered with blood. I then mounted
my horse and started on hcyne. Some of the crowd
still followed mo; about nine milos from town they
made another attack on me, and pulled me off my
horse, saying they were going to kill me for being a
Radical; they then kicked and knocked me down
and beat me until I became unconscious, and they
left mo for dead. The last I recollect was one man
saying, "Get out the way, and let me kill him with a
rail;" some one replied, "No, ho is dead already."
When I became conscious they all had gone, and I
de not know how long I lay there. A man came
along the road and helped me to get on my horse
and went home with me. For twelve days I was not
able to move without help, and my life was despaired
of by my physician. These parties had no cause
of offense with me whatever, oxcept that I was a
Republican ; one of them was $ brother-in-law.
Question, w ere these parties indicted in the State
courts?
Answer. Yes; I indicted them in the court and
proved it by half a dozen witnesses and swore to tho
facts myself, but the grand jury, composed of Dem-
ocrats, refused to find a truo bill against the parties
who made the attack.
Joton R. Faries:
I am a resident of York county, South Carolina;
was born and raised there. * * * A num-
ber have already been outraged; three of them des-
perately whipped; one of them had his house and
all his furniture and provisions burned.
John W.Meade:
Question. What is your name, age, and occupation?
Answer. John Wesley Meade; thirty-eight years
of age; reside at Rock Hill, York county; acarriage-
maker.
u How long have you resided in York
county?
Answer. About ten years. * * * *
Question. What acts of violence were committed,
and by whom?
Answer. A party of men disguised, calling them-
selves the Ku Klux, went by night all around the
county leaving coffins at doors of Republicans and
putting them upon trees; and on one occasion they
attacked the house of a well-known Republican,
breaking down thedoorand shooting into the house,
and when-assistance came they went hurriedly away.
Similar reports were brought to me daily from dif-
ferent parts of the county. The Republicans, gen-
erally, were so intimidated and frightened that they
were afraid of being attacked, both day and night.
On one occasion a party of men disguised rode around
my house, and was afterward told that they were the
Ku Klux Klan. The party spoken of above, who
made the attack on 'the house, were inquiring for a
prominent Republican, declaring that they intended
to kill him and put a stop to his League meetings.
Griffin Johnson:
Question. Was any attack made on your house ?
Answer. There was none made on my house, but
my brother-in-law's house was attacked (it was about
seventy-live yards from myhouse)by three men, who
called my brother-in-law out and asked for a drink
of water, which he gave them, and they asked him if
he knew them. He replied, "I know one of you."
They drank and rode off about fifty yards, and re-
turned and called him out again, and said to him,
" Come to the fence/' which he did, when they com-
menced to take out their pistols, and he became
alarmed and ran in the house. They then com-
menced firing at him, and shot his wife (who was
standing in the door of the house) through the thigh.
I saw the ball extracted from the wound by the sur-
geons. I understand the party was hunting for me,
and did not intend to shoot my brother-in-law or his
wife.
J.H. White:
Question. How long have you resided in York
county?
Answer. About forty years. * * * *
Question, Did bands of men in disguise patrol the
county, threatening and intimidating Republican
voters?
Answer. They did; they rode over all sections of
the county, visiting the houses of Republicans,shoot-
ing into the houses, breaking down doors, and
threatening them if they went to the pells the next
day they should be murdered.
Question. Did you ever hear of these disguised
bands going to the house of a Democrat?
Answer. Only to hold their meetings, or to as-
semble.
Question. Did you hear of any house being burned
by these parties?
Ansioer. Tho day after the election a man living
near Hickory Grove went with me to a magistrate
and made a complaint that a party of men in dis-
guise came to his house on the night before the elec-
tion and told him if he attempted to go out and vote
the Republican ticket they would kill him before he
would get back. Ho did go to the election, and took
his wife with him, and on his return found that his
househad been fired in his absence, and everything
he had in the world* burned up. He tracked the
parties away from his house and across the field.
They all appeared to be wearing boots.
Nelson Hammond:
I am twenty-seven years of age; Nelson Ham-
mond, Yorkville ; and occupation keeper of a con-
fectionery store.
Question. Did bands of men patrol the county dis-
guised, ride around; and, if so, what did they do ?
Answer. Yes, they rode everywhere in thocounty,
firing offguns, visiting houses, threatening men that
if they went to the polls they should bo killed, and
left images of coffins marked " K. K. K." on doors
and on houses, and otherwise frightening and in-
timidating Republicans. I hever heard of any Dem-
ocrats being disturbed.
Johnson AVright:
Question. State your age, residence, and occupa-
tion.
Answer. I am about thirty-eight years of age; live
in Oconeo county; and am a carpenter.
Question. What was the feeling of the Democratic
party toward Republicans in the campaign of 1868?
Answer. It was hostile and threatening all over
the county. I am well acquainted all over the county.
Question. Were threats made against Republicans,
and .what was their nature?
Answer. There were threats made against the per-
sons of Republicans, and also threats that every man
who voted tho Republican ticket would be turned
off and left to starve.
Question. Was it generally understood that the Ku
Klux traveled all over your county ?
Answer. It was. They spread terror all over the
county.
Alexander Bryce, jr.:
I am thirty-four years of age, and am a merchant;
and at the time of the presidential and congressional
election in 1868, was a deputy State constable.
I received a notice on the moraing of November 1,
1868, through the post office, signed "K. K.," which
informed me that I should have three hours to leave
the town, and that if I did not go I would be eix
