532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
be in the way of repudiating an act so mani-
festly illegal and constitutionally indefensible.
It will be seen that I place little reliance
upon any evidence that the Dominican people
are largely in favor of being annexed to the
United States. If the assertion be made that
fifty or more Americans would be sufficient to
mold and shape the destinies of the whole of
Santo Domingo, it should be remembered that
a greater number of Americans have been hov-
ering in and about the island for more than a
far and a half. Doubtless they have not been
lolly without influence 5 but the disinterested
government of Baez, whose salary, and that of
all hia cabinet, legislature, and judiciary, will
be likely to remain unpaid unless annexation
succeeds, has staked its existence upon the
success of the scheme. Hence the anxiety for
success, without which they must fight for the
doubtful honor of supremacy in the adminis-
tration of the Government. There is an exi-
gency which requires foreign aid to relieve.
That may be the opinion of the entire party of
Baez. I do not think the United States Gov-
ernment ought to be used for his extrication.
THE PUBLIC VOICE AGAINST THE MEASURE.
I have admired the President's inflexible per-
severance more than his political sagacity in
adheringtothepolicy of Dominican annexation
in the face of undeniable evidence that there was
no sentiment in the country of any party or of
any State warmly in its favor, because it brings
to mind his inflexibility in braver and grander
enterprises, and I have no doubt of his patri-
otic motives. The House of Representatives,
by a vote of nearly two to one, have once pro-
nounced against it. On the 1st of February,
1869, a resolution giving the assent of Con-
gress to the project of annexation was defeated
by a vote of 110 against 62. The non-commit-
tal amendment to the joint resolution author-
izing the expedition to Santo Domingo was a
hostile one, and it was carried in the House
of Representatives by thirty majority, and I
am assured that the naked question of annex-
ation would have been defeated by a still larger
majority. In the present House of Represent-
atives it is likely to receive a more decided
rebuff; and yet a vote of the House will be
necessary, or the appropriation to carry the
measure into effect will fail. The Senate, as
we learn from the message, has rejected a
treaty of annexation. AH this should be
counted conclusive as to the unbiased opin-
ion of the highest legislative bodies of the
country, and most likely as fairly reflecting
the sentiments of the people. Opinions of
any other sort can be put off as cheaply as
put on, and it would not be complimentary
to the national Legislature to suppose they
would act on any other.
The treaty of annexation itself awakened
no enthusiasm, and was smothered by cold
neglect and by an almost universal silence.
So improbable seemed its success that it was
not even dignified by denunciation. But upon
a measure of so much gravity ought not the
people to be heard from before the question is
settled forever? Let the people, at least, have
time to consider whether they could afford to
accept any part or the whole of the island even
as a gift j much more, whether they can afford
to buy it at any price, or at the cost of war. If
it is the first step in a policy of diseased enlarge-
ment, which any lover of his country might
look upon with the gravest apprehension, there
should be some opportunity left for escape.
I he annexation of Santo Domingo would be
the extension of empire unaccompanied by any
addition to the empire of national stability and
virtue. Our territory is already enormous, and
every map, through constant additions and new
explorations, becomes annually antiquated and
as useless as a gray-haired almanac. We should
build our Republic to last, and not for the show
of a single season. When Alexander retreated
from India he caused to be made and scat-
tered arms much larger thaa his men could use,
and higher mangers and heaver bits than were
suitable for his horses, to impress^foreign na-
tions with an exaggerated idea of his greatness.
But this trick of the showman is now only
remembered as a folly. We shall fail to im
press the world by playing the giant abroad and
the pigmy at home, or by spreading great Amer-
ican flags abroad while those at home, torn
and tattered, fail to command respect and obe-
dience, or by sending our symbols of power
where they will be surrounded, not only by a
Babylonian confusion of languages, but where
we can have no directing and constructive
power over the character of the people. To be
strong we must have the love of a thoroughly
amalgamated people, and something more than
mere local patriotism. Real strength does not
consist so much in power to conquer the world
as in power to resist the world, and even wealth
is much less often found by going abroad after
new objects than by search at home for and
diligent use of such as we already possess. We
may also virtually extend our territory by ex-
tending our knowledge of that we now have,
and cultivating its preseut resources, its nat-
ural affinities, and its future possibilities. The
glory of a State does not consist merely in the
magnitude of its extent, but largely in a fit cor-
respondence of all its parts and the mutual
respect and habitual affection of its people.
SANTO DOMINGO AND HER DEBTS GO TOGETHER.
No one can doubt if the late treaty had been
ratified, orif'annexationshould at lastsucceed,
that the United States, having diverted the
little remnants of what it is a farce to call the
national property of Santo Domingo, having
shielded her by absorption from responsibility
to other nations as well as to individuals for
debts, and having appropriated all her resources
from customs duties, would be bound, by inter-
national law as well as by honor, to pay all
of her outstanding obligations, whatever the
amount, however contracted, and under what-
ever administration. No stipulation between
ourselves and Baez to the contrary, if made,
would have any more lasting force than that
made with Texas, or would bind other par-
ties, or be worth the paper upon which it
might be written. A State or Territory cannot
be prosecuted for debt like an individual. The
United States itself would resist any such in-
dignity, and would be held to account for the
old scores of any territory annexed as surely
as the husband, if the wife be indebted before
marriage, is bound afterward to pay the debt,
having adopted her and her circumstances
together; and this Dominican debt nominally
amounts to millions, as it has been contracted
upon a depreciated credit and a depreciated
currency, itself a debt yet to be redeemed.
The creditors are widely scattered, and some
are citizens of nations who will protect their
rights to the last extremity.
Many of these debts may be questionable;
but the proof of their validity, supported by
interested swearers, would be impregnable.
There are many large unsettled'war claims
which cannot even be estimated. Hayti an-
nounces a very large claim, by 110 means easily
to be settled. One administration acknowl-
edges one class of claims and another a differ-
ent class. Who is to decide? Is it not absurd
for the present Dominican Government to give
a schedule of their debts, which is reduced by
their own illegal and arbitrary edicts from four
hundred to one, from sixty to one, from thirty
to one, and from one third to one sixth? Will
their creditors abide such scaling? It is wholly
improbable ; and yet it is solely by this process
and by omitting all account of interest they have
contracted to pay, and which is overdue, that
they are able to compress their debt within the
prescribed limits of $1,500,000. Instead of
§1,500,000 in gold, the whole debt is quite
likely to be very much more, how much no
one can tell. Ratify such a treaty and the
bottom of Dominican claims would not. be
sounded in the present generation, but a fresh
brood of claim agents, like carrion birds,
would flock to the Capitol for their prey. Our
action in the case of Texas is not likely to be
forgotten. The joint resolution in that case,
March 1, 1845, roundly and stoutly provided :
"That Texas should retain ali ber public lands,
debts, taxf-s, and dues of every kind, arid all vacant
and unappropriated lands, to be apx^lied to the pay-
ment of the debts and liabilities of s-uid republic of
Texas, and the residue of said lands, after discharg-
ing said debts and liabilities, to be disposed of as
said State may direct, but in no event are savl debts
and liabilities to become a charge upon the Government
of the United States."
And yet, when the clamorous Slidell and
others had become the holders of these claims
to a large amount, on the 9th of September,
1855, all claim upon the United States for
liability was once more relinquished, and Con-
gress paid to the State of Texas in bonds the
sum of $10,000,000; but Texas was not even
trusted to pay these greedy creditors herself,
as they were adroitly required to give receipts
to the United States themselves for not less
than $5,000,000, or their share of the job. Is
there not something like this looming up in
Dominica? Will not her creditors say, as
Ruth said to Naomi, "Entreat me not to
leave thee, or to return from following after
thee, for whither thou goest I will go."
THF. AMERICAN CHARACTER WORTH PRESERVING.
The people of the United States have some
pride as to their character—personal and na-
tional—-that which they inherited and that
which they have made tor themselves. They
claim that all men were born equal, but they
do not claim that all have equally improved the
talents given to them by the great Father of all
mankind. They claim, and justly, that self-
government is the best of all governments;
uot that all men can or will govern them-
selves, nor that it can be safely intrusted to
the untrained, unlettered people of many other
nations. Is Santo Domingo one of the trans-
cendent exceptions? Not at all; and we know
that its incorporation under our flag would be
the incorporation of an inferior element, de-
signed to invite much larger accessions of" the
same sort; and as such a precursor it may be
encouraged by those who would like nothing
so much as to chronicle republican degrada-
tion, though themselves not unwilling to be
released from such far off dependencies. To-
day Great Britain does not regard Gibraltar,
Quebec, or Malta as essential to British power.
Of what use is Gibraltar as against Russia or
Prussia? Great Britain cannot suppose the
United States are afraid of Quebec. - She is
conscious that her North American provinces,
though inhabited by a gallant people, could
not be hel.l in time of war for a single month
as against its more powerful neighbors, and
knows equally well that, in like circumstances,
she could terminate any hold we might have
on Santo Domingo in a much shorter time.
Fortified places count very little in the pres-
ence of a vigorous enemy. The engineers of
destruction nearly always prove more potent
than the engineers of defense.
Annexation of any sort, if to be accepted by
us—and there is 110 possible annexation which
would uot be more profitable to the party an-
nexed than to ourselves—should seek us, and
ought not to be bought, conquered, or obtained
by any of the common acts of diplomacy. It
should come, spotless as a prairie homestead,
as a free-will offering of lands, hands, and
hearts, and not be too eagerly sought, as though
a few acres of the nether regions were indis-
pensable to our paradise. Were all Spam to
be offered to us to day on the same terms pro-
posed by Baez for Santo Domingo it would, of
course, be instantly declined, and yet its incor-
poration into our system presents less insuper-
able objections; the people are much more
intelligent; but iarger numbers, by magnifying
the enormity, only make the ugly features of
such a proposition more visible.
The United States should have too much
self-respect to accent of any annexation save
