1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Klan—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
finished. When a negro made himself obnoxious
enough to engender attack he was generally killed.
If they made up tbeir minds to injure a negro they
made up their minds to kill him.
Question. Do you recognize this report?
Report of Brevet Major General ffnteh, Assistant Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau,
Killed   ,  297
Wounded by gun-shot  50
Maltreated  142
Total  489
Answer. Yes, sir; theseare less than the numbers.
No ease was reported unless it was thoroughly in-
vestigated and substantiated. We reported sixteen
killed at St. Landry. This was considered an ex-
aggeration by General Rousseau, who sent his
inspector. Captain^ Hooker, down to investigate
matters, and Captain Hooker reported five times as
m; ny killed as I did.
Question. What color were the two hundred and
ninety-seven killed and fifty wounded included in
this report?
Answer. Black.
Question. What period of time does that report
embraee?
Answer. Probably one month.
Question, For the whole State ?
Answer. No, sir; just the parishes adjacent to Now
Orleans.
The whole State was overawed by intimid-
ation and fear, while more than half the par-
ishes were overrun by Ku Klux or Knights
of the White Camelia. It is in testimony that
a majority of the Democrats were members,
estimation varying from fifty to one hundred
thousand. It was a secret, armed, political
society. The proof shows that in several par-
ishes it. was the only Democratic organization.
The following extracts are taken from the rit-
ual, as produced and verified by an officer of
the order:
Ritual of the Knights of the White Camelia.
Preamble.—There is a fact which stands beyond
denial; it is that the Radical party, the freedmen,
and the colored population of the whole Republic
have coalese d against us, the white race. However
liberal our intentions may have been toward the
colored class, this coalition has placed us in a con-
dition no longer to countenance a policy of fusion
and mutual concessions.
Their unjust and unreasonable opposition forces
usiupon the ground of an absolute necessity, to sim-
ilar measures of resistance. Let it thereforo be rec-
ognized as a constant fact that from the colored
population and from the Radical faction, to which
it has allied itself, have sprung the first of inimical
measures wbich have divided into two hostilecamps
the races which inhabit the American Republic.
* -fr •* * *  5 
The Manner of Initiation.—The candidate is intro-
duced in the ante-room, where the conductor shall
administer to him the following oath;
" I, A. B, do solemnly swear, in the presence of
Almighty God, that I will true and faithful answers
make to all Questions wbich may be propounded to
me, and that if. in the course of the proceedings
which are about to take place, anything contrary to
my views, feelings, and principles should induce mo
to forego the purpose of joining this association,
1 will always be uuder the most sacred obligation
never to reveal or cause to come to the knowledge of
any one, either by word, writing, sign, inference, or
in any other manner make known what I may see,
bear, understand, or suspecr, within this building,
or in any other place, concerning this association.
And if I were ever to violate this oath, I now con-
sent to become an object of scorn to all men, and I
acknowledge to have deserved the just hatred and
revenge of all the members of this association."
The candidate is. then blindfolded by the con-
ductor, who raps twice at the council aoor.
The lieutenant commander opens, when, between
him and the conductor standing on the threshold of
the door and holding the candidate by the hand, tho
following dialogue takes place:
Lieutenant Commander. Who comes there?
Commander. A son of your race.
Lieutenant Commander* What does he wish ?
Conductor. Peace and order, the maintenance of
the h ws of God, the maintenance of the laws and
Constitution established by the patriots of 1775.
Lieutenant Commander. To obtain this, what must
be done? .
Conductor. The cause of our race must triumph.
Lieutenant Commander. And to make it triumph,
what must we do ?
Conductor. We must be united as the flowers that
grow on the same stem are united, and, under all
circumstauces, band ourselves together as brethren.
Lieutenant Commander. Will he join us?
Omduetor. He is prepared to answer for himself,
and under oath.
Lieutenant Commander. Let him enter.
The commander will then propound the following
questions to the candidate, each of which the latter
Will answer in the affirmative :
[Should the candidate fail to answer any of these
questions satisfactorily, no further questions will he
put to him, and he shall be immediately made to
retire blindfolded and dismissed by the conductor.]
Questions.—1. Are you free? 2. £>o you belong to
the white or Caucasian race? 3, Does your wife,
also, if you are married, or, if she be now dead, did
she belong to the white or Caucasian race ? 4. Do you
promise never to marry any woman but one who
belongs to the white or Caucasian race ? 5. Do you
believe in the superiority ofyourrace? 6. Will you
promise never to voto for any one for any office of
honor or profit who does not belong to your race?
7, Are you opposed to allowing the control of the
political affairs of this county to go, in whole or in
part, into tho hands of the negro or African race,
and will you do everything in your power to pre-
vent this? 8. Will you devote all your intelligence,
energy, and influence to the furtherance and propa-
gation of these principles ? 9. Will you, in all cir-
cumstances, defend and protect persons of the white
or Caucasian race in their lives, property, and domin-
ion, ugainst all encroachments or invasions from any
inferior race, and especially the African race? 10.
Are you willing to take an oath forever tochcrish
these grand principles, and to unite yourself with
others who, like you, believing in their truth, have
firmly bound themselves to stand by and defend
them against all?
The Commander. If you consent to belong to our
association raise your right hand, and I will admin-
ister to you the oath which we have all taken.
Oaik.—I, A B, do solemnly swear, in the pres-
ence of Almighty God, never to reveal without au-
thority the existence of this order, of its object, of
its acts, of its signs of recognition; never to reveal
or publish, in any manner whatsoever, what I shall
see or bear in this circle; never to divulge the names
of the members of the order, or their acts dono in
connection therewith. I swear to maintain and de-
fend the social and political superiority of the white
r*ce on this continent; always and in all places to
observe a marked distinction between the white
and African races; to vote for none but white men
tor any office of honor or profit; to devote all my
intelligence, energy, and influence to instill these
principles in the minds and hearts of others; and to
protect and defend persons of the white fir Caucasian
race in their lives and property against the encroach-
ments and aggressions of persons of an inferior race.
I swear, moreover, to unite myself, in heart, soul, and
b.')dy,with those who compose this order; to aid, pro-
tect, and defend them in all places; to obey the
orders of those who, by our statutes, will have the
right of giving those orders; to respond, at the peril
of my life, to a call, a sign, or a cry coming from any
fellow-member, and to do everything in my power
to assist him through life. So help me God.
The blindfold is now removed from the new brother
and the commander will deliver to him the follow-
ing1
Charge.—[This charge should, whenever practi-
cable, be committed to memory, so as to be deliv-
ered without reading from the book. Should there
be but one person initiated, the singular should be
Substituted for the plural number used, whenever
required.] Brothers: You have been initiated into
one of the most important orders which have ever
been established on this continent, an order which,
if its principles are faithfully observed and its objects
diligently carried out, is destined to regenerate our
unfortunate country and to relievo the white race
from the humiliating condition to which it has lately
been reduced in this Republic. It is necessary,
therefore, that, before taking part in the labors of
this association, you should understand fully its
principles and objects, and the duties which devolve
upon you as one of its members.
As you may have already gathered from the ques-
tions which were propounded to you, and which you
have answered sq satisfactorily, and from the clauses
of the oath which you have just taken, our mam
and fundamental object is the maintenance of the
supremacy of the white race in this Republic. His-
tory and physiology teach us that we belong, to a
race which nature has endowed with an evident
superiority over ail other human races, and that
the Maker, in thus elevating us abovo the common
standard of human creation, has intended to give
us, over inferior races, a dominion from whnh no
human law3 can permanently derogate.
Tt then becomes our solemn duty, as white men,
to resiststrenuously and persistently tbes* attempts
against our natural and constitutional rights, and to
do everything in our power m order to maintain, in
this Republic, the supremacy of the Caucasian race,
and to restrain the black or African race to that
condition ofsocial and political inferiority for which
God has destined it.
Brothers, I now consign you to the lieutenant com-
mander of this council, who will instruct you as to
tho signs and other means of recognition of this
association, and other details of its organization and
order. . .
The lieutenant commander will now instruct the
new brothers as to the sign, grip, cry, dialogue, rap,
pass-word, &c., taking care to charge them particu-
larly as to the circumstances and occasion of their
use. He will also inform them of the mode ol initia-
tion and other details of order which they arc re-
quired to know.
Here is every essential element of Tennes
see Kukluxism. The oath-bound secrecy,
obedience, protection of each other, opposi-
tion to colored suffrage, and thereby to recon-
struction and equal rights before the law, the
essence of Democracy according to Blair.
Witnesses testify that they were armed and
completely organized throughout the State
under a grand commander, and that they might
be summoned to the field as an army by the
call of one man. In St. Landry parish this
was actually done, with what bloody effect we
have seen. In New Orleans, where they were
estimated at over fifteen thousand, they were
called into action by taps of the fire-bells, in-
dicating the place where they were wanted,
and thus they did assemble and take part in
the riots.
Members claim that the organization extends
to other States, through the whole South, and
even into the northern Slates, and that the
national organization is under one supreme
commander.
There can be no doubt but this is one of the
forms of the system of secret societies, com-
monly known as Ku Klux Klan, all over the
South j and no where were its operations,
secret and open, more effective than in Lou-
isiana. This official table shows its work, so
far as known:
Final summary.
Reports of committee:
Killed  784
Wounded by gun-shot  85
Maltreated      365
1,231
Report of Brevet Major General Hatch, As-
sistant Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau:
Killed  267
Wounded by gun-shot  50
Maltreated  142
  489
Appendix:
Killed, wounded, and maltreated....,    164
Grand total    1.887
Those best informed say the half is not told,
and that if the whole truth were known it would
appear that there were committed in that State
in the year 1868 upon Republicans, white and
colored, not less than four thousand outrages.
Yet no-man has been punished by the State
courts. Judges, grand juries, and petit juries
were parties or in sympathy, or paralyzed
by fear; and there is no relief for the injured.
The dead tell no tales; the living dare not
speak. Even while we were in New Orleat.-*
a colored man who had testified before a com-
mittee of the State Legislature was on account
of his evidence beaten so that he died before
we could examine him; and when his sons,
who saw tbeir father killed, were called before
us they did not dare tell us what they saw.
The only punishment which has been in-
flicted upon the Louisiana Ku Klux was by
the last Congress, when, on the report of the
committee, we rejected the blood-stained re-
turns from the riotous parishes and refused to
admit members to this floor who had been
sent here by the Ku Klux Klan; and in three
cases, where the major parts of districts were
peaceable, we sustained the election in the
peaceable parishes and admitted the members
chosen thereby. The wisdom of this course
has been amply vindicated, it took from vio-
lence its motive and reward, it reassured the
loyal people by showing them that tbey had
some friends somewhere. Since then the State
authorities have recovered control. There is
now a strong militia organization, and gen-
tlemen from Louisiana tell us they have peace
and order; yet, knowing as I do the spirit and
power of the rebel element in that State, I
apprehend that when political excitement runs
l^gh again, if there be a prospect of Demo-
cratic success, scenes of violence may be re-
enacted, and certainly a people twice visited
as the CJuion men of Louisiana have been
should not be too confident of security.
