1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
expenses than it is to have a specific appro-
priation which is to be paid directly out of the
Treasury. It will be perfectly easy to correct
the phraseology of the pending amendment to
that bill between the two Houses to increase
the contingent fund of the Senate, instead of
making a separate appropriation
ill. SCO IT. My purpose is accomplished
in calling the attention of the Senate to the
fact.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I was willing
to vote for this resolution to get information
to enable the Senate to legislate ; but as the
Senate proposes to legislate without getting
the information, and as my purpose in voting
for the resolution before it went to the House
was to have information upon which Congress
might act before it did legislate, and as Con-
gress has reversed the order of things, put the
cart before the horse, and is about to legislate
irrespective of any information this committee
may obtain, 1 shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, before the vote
is taken upon tins resolution I desire to say
something stmilarlo what has fallen from the
Senator from Kentucky upon the subject. I
was disposed, when it was proposed, to vote
for this resolution; and I am not averse to
doing it yet. I supposed the object of the
resolution to be what it purports to be—to
obtain information of the exact condition of
the late insurrectionary States. That condi-
tion is but imperfectly exhibited to the Senate
by the testimony that has been brought here
by a very important committee who have been
examining into the subject of late.
So far as my own State is concerned, I
believe there is no information derived from
that committee; I do not know that there was
a single witness—I think not one—from the
State of Georgia before the Committee on Out-
rages. I certainly am as willing as any other
citizen that the exact condition of affairs in
that State shall be made known to the country.
If by the inauguration of a committee here,
with sub-committees to go abroad, information
more precise than any 1 have, or can hope to
obtain otherwise, may be procured, then let it
be done. 1 confess I wish to know, myself,
fully and thoroughly, if it be practicable, what
is the actual condition of things in the State of
Georgia, and in all of the late insurrectionary
States.
I have my own impression as to what is the
state of affairs in Georgia generally. I have
very strong convictions upon ftiy mind—they
may be erroneous, but I do not think they are—
as to the existence of any extensive organiza-
tion in that State akin to the Kn Klux. If
there be such an organization it has certainly
been kept wonderfully secret. It does not
occur to me that there can be ten thousand of
the citizens of Georgia, or five thousand, held
together by a sort of esprit de corps for the
purpose of committing wrongs, acts of law-
lessness upon defenseless individuals, without
having some common center, some concert.
It is difficult to see how any body of men
engaged in any pursuit, whether it be laudable
or otherwise, in any extended State like that,
could carry on tiieir operations successfully
without having some common center from
which went forth orders that were to be obeyed
and respected. Hence it occurs that even
among so valuable an association of men as
iire the Masons—and it is so with most reli-
gious denominations, &c.—they find it neces-
sary, for the dissemination of the great truths
and principles they would inculcate, to have
a common place of meeting, where tbey con-
fer with each other.
I do not think that in the State of Georgia there
lias ever been a Slate meeting on this subject.
There may have been in a town or in some
hamlet, some little insignificant locality; but
1 have no idea that there has ever been a great
Ivu Klux convention assembled in the Slate
of Georgia. I do not believe any such thing.
I have heard of outrages, of crimes that were
very deplorable and very similar to those de-
tailed in the testimony of the North Carolina
witnesses, as having occurred in Georgia.
Some of them at the time seemed too shock-
ing to be believed, too lawless to be credited;
but these instances were not. general, and they
weie limited in their extent,; they were con
fined to a few counties; and 1 do not think
there is any general spirit of lawlessness
abroad in that State.
I surely have no objection, indeed I would
prefer, that intelligent gentlemen appointed
from the two Houses of Congress should visit
Georgia, travel over the State, even if what was
predicted by a distinguished member of the
other House should be the result, namely, that
they would be treated with such excessive kind-
ness by everybody they met that it would tend
to dissipate the idea that there were lawless
men there. If so, very well. I hope they will
be met in that way. They certainly will be
by myself and by my neighbors if they should
come in the direction I live. I will welcome
them, and I believe the people of that region
will; and in a work of mere inquiry to ascer-
tain howmuchof wrong, how muchof lawless-
ness exists in the State, 1 am of the opinion
decidedly that a very overwhelming majority
of the people of Georgia will see no impro-
priety in it.
It is objected that this process will be some-
what expensive. So it will; and it is a mat-
ter of consideration with the Senate whether,
as matters now stand, with a bill pending be-
fore the Senate to punish the class of crimes
that is to be ferreted ont by this committee,
there will be much utility in directing it to
make an investigation. At the time of the
presentation of the resolution originally I
supposed that it was .rather preliminary to
legislation, that it was something rather by
way of substitute for a bill at that time. It
seetns not, however. It appears that the other
House has gone on and enacted a bill and
sent it to us; and that bill has been referred
by the Senate to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and some measure will be reported to
•js before long. It is a mattes immaterial to
me whether the resolution be adopted to day
or whether it be adopted after the bill shall be
disposed of.
1 merely make the statements that I do to
give the impressions of my own mind, and 1
shall be very glad indeed, after the visit of
some sub-committees to the State of Georgia,
if what I have said shall turn out to be neither
overstated nor too much modified. I will stale
in all frankness that I have long been of the
opinion, with regard to the crimes committed
in Georgia against individuals and the wrongs
that have been perpetrated upon unoffending
and defenseless people, that a great many of
them are traceable to a class of men that never
would have sprung up and would not have
existed in Georgia or elsewhere but for the
unfortunate war in which the country was
involved.
There are dissatisfied, unhappy, miserable
men in Georgia, as well as everywhere else;
some of them, perhaps, too proud to beg and
too lazy to toil for subsistence, resort to this
lawlessness either out of vindictivencss for
the state of things that exists, or sometimes
for quite as unworthy an object, that of gain.
There may be such people ; and yet, so far
as my recollection extends, it is true that the
largest display of force of this sort I have
heard of occurred in the county of Chattooga,
in Georgia. Chattooga is a mountain county
on the border oT Alabama, and that demon-
stration appeared on one occasion in sufficient,
force to overawe perhaps hvty Federal sol
diers with a commanding officer, who treated
with the leader of these disguised men in re-
garl to a prisoner who was confined m the jm!.
The troops were guarding tlus jail. These men
demanded the release of the prisoner. It led
to a parley.
Eventually there was a concession to this
lawless band; the prisoner was turned over.
1 never heard that he was harmed; whether
the demonstration was tor a rescue or not I do
not know. I have never heard, though that
was more than twelve months ago, of the
appearance of a solitary Ku Klux in the
County of Chattooga, and that is the largest
demonstration I have ever heard of in Georgia.
A great deal was said about it at ihe time;
the papers were filled with it; but there was
no bloodshed at all that I heard of. The
Georgians said those men came from Ala-
bama. It is always convenient to pack off
such men on neighboring communities. I do
not know where they came from. I have never
seen a man who could tell me, or tell who
they were. There was no collision between
them and the troops ; but the demand for the
prisoner was yielded to, as I understood, and
here they ended.
In a few counties some crimes are occasion-
ally committed. It will not do to believe quite
all we hear. A very extraordinary publica-
tion appeared the other day in a respectable
paper, one which amazed me very much. It
appeared on the morning of the first day of
Ayril, and was a thrilling account of the most
excruciating punishments inflicted upon a man
in the vicinity of Macon, Georgia ; (the paper
was published there.) Among other things, it
was said that he received five hundred lashes,
that he was absolutely flayed alive, that he
was skinned, &c. To the credit of the Dem-
ocratic press in the State, (and 1 have seen
many of their papers since,) they have united
in denouncing what was called by some a very
stupid April fool; and I think the paper in
which it appeared, and which has enjoyed
good credit, and is a paper of ability—theTel-
egraph and Messenger—is by this timeashamed
of the hoax. That is the opinion of the press
generally. Whether it has been copies! abroad
as a real statement I do not know, but I un-
dertake to say, if it has, that there is nothing
at all in it.
There have been murders committed in
Georgia that perhaps would not have been
committed if there had not been some secret
bands of half a dozen or a dozen or more in
some counties. I have thought they existed
in some places. I do not know whether they
do or not; I cannot undertake to say; but I
am very sure that there is no general organiza-
tion in the State of Georgia of this character.
1 ain very glad to be able to assure the Senate
of it. Such is the conviction of the intelligent
mind of the State. There may be in a few
.counties, and limited to a very small number
of men.
Here I undertake to say another thing, that
no measure of legislation, no matter how well
devised, that does not provide beyond the pos-
sibility of evasion and escape for the ascertain-
ment of the class of persons and the individ-
uals who commit these crimes under cover of
darkness, will be worth the paper that it is
written upon. Wise enactments may be made
to punish crime; but the old saw that " there
is catching before hanging" must certainly
piesent itself to the mind, and unless some
vigilant police system superior to anything
that has yet*presented itself to my own mind
can be invented, everything else, 1 think, will
be abortive. That is my opinion about it,
I have no particular objection to any being
tried ; I am willing to have almost any experi-
ment made; but a great system of espionage,
that which discovers who it is that commits
these crimes and presents the parties to the
courts of justice for punishment; is yet I think
to be devised. 1 have not seen it presented in
such shape as that it would commend itself to
me as being efl'fetive. Nor do 1 claim to be
able, it I had a caite blanche on the subject,
to present a scheme that would carry out the
good purposes of a law to suppress violence;
I earnestly wish that I could ; but I am ex-
tremely glad to be able to say that it does not
exist in the part of the country in which I
