300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Griteher.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
United States, or by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation.
They all apply; but if the fourteenth stood
alone it would sustain us. Even a part were
sufficient:
Nor [shall any State] deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the eaual protection of the laws.
Webster defines "deny " to mean "to refuse
to grant;" "to withhold;" "not to grant;"
"as, to deny bread to the hungry; " and he
illustrates—
"Who finds not Providence all good and wise,
Alike in what lie gives and what denies ? "
Denial may, therefore, be either active or
passive. It is more frequently passive than
active. That of Provideace is nearly always
passive; withholding, not giving, not granting,
is denying. And the reason is not material.
If the State cannot grant protection, there is
the same reason for action by the United
Slates as if tlie State could but would not.
Nay, there is more ; for if the fault were in the
will of the State, that will might be changed
by persuasion or relenting, while if the power
be wanting help must come from without.
Gentlemen contend that thiS1 provision will
operate only where a State fails to pass equal
laws and excludes a class of citizens from pro-
tection ; but the language is, "equal protection
of the laws." The words "the laws" imply
existing laws; and the benefit secured is the
"protection" of the laws, and this requires
their execution. Unexecuted laws are no
" protection." And this brings us to tiio very
case : the States have laws providing for equal
protection, but they do not, because either tliey
will not or cannot, enforce them equally ; and
hence a class of citizens have not " the pro-
tection of the laws." Union men, white and
black, are "denied" the protection of the laws
as completely as if the laws excepted from their
operation "all cases of outrage by Ku lilux
upou Republicans, white or colored."
But, Mr. Speaker, tins is verbal. As I read
these amendments they confer and guaranty
substantial rights, privileges, and immunities,
and empower Congress to secure them to the
people by appropriate legislation ; and 1 favor
the exercise of this power whenever and where
ever it is needed.
1 share not in the apprehensions of gentle-
men who stand amazed at the power of the
national Government under these amend-
ments, Ever siuce they were adopted 1 have
rejoiced in my heartand given glory and praise
and t hanksgiving to God that the American Re-
public is a nation at last. The great dome of
the Union rises and expands to heaven, extend-
ing over and protecting all the States, but not
dependent on them for existence or support.
Local authorities may fail in their duty, or be
paralyzed or overthrown by internal convul-
sions, butthe national Government will remain
to secure the people in their rights and pro-
test them in the enjoyment of lite, liberty, and
property in peace.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
.SPEECH OP HON. JOHN ORITOI-IER,
of virginia,
l>r the House of Representatives,
April 3, 1871,
On the bill (II. It. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of tho fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes.
^ Mr. CRIFCHEli. Is it not obvious, Mr.
Speaker, from the statement of the Itepub-
licans tbat their management of southern
affairs is a conspicuous failure? After six
ysars of legislation, enforced by all the powers
of this Government; overthrowing old insti-
tutions and constructing new ones, they now
admit that the ends of Government have not
been attained ; that life and property are not
secure ; that arson', robbery, murder, assassin-
ation, prevail; aud that armed forces, too
powerful for the civil authorities, set them at
defiance. This is their statement of facts ;
this is their confession of failure! What seed,
llr. Speaker, could these men have sown in
that soil to produce such a harvest of tumult,
confusion, disorder, and crime?
And after exhausting their wisdom and
transcending their power in legislation, what
is the remedy which they now propose? A
remedy, sir, that is familiar to the Ottoman,
that has long since been discarded by the bet-
ter portions of Asia ; a remedy which in all
ages and countries has been regarded as the
last resort of wickedness and imbecility. The
remedy they propose is the bayonet.
Is it not remarkable, Mr. Speaker, that the
gentlemen on the other side should be ignorant
of the causes which have produced these dis-
turbances? Is it not remarkable it should
never occur to them to quell the disturbances
by removing the causes of irritation?
Sir, the first outrages were committed in this
Capitol; the first outrages were committed
by the Republicans—outrages upon the funda-
mental laws of the country, .upon ths principle
of self-government, upon every interest and
every sentiment ol the people. After the capit-
ulation of the southern armies, when resistance
ceased and the national authority was recog-
nized, the States should have been regarded
as restored to their practical relations to the
Union. Such, too, was the assurance of Con-
gress and of the President. But so soon as it
was discovered that the resources of the South
were exhausted a series of measures was in-
augurated, the most disastrous and oppressive
ever borno by any people. The land was des-
olated. Yet, by the President's proclamation
and a compulsory amendment of the Consti-
tution, the people of the South were suddenly
stripped of property exceeding in value all
the expenses of the French in their late war,
including the German indemnity.
Nor was this all. By'the emancipation and
disorganization of labor the laud, the only
property which remained, ceased to be profit-
able. Their constitutions were overthrown
aud military power enthroned upon their ruins.
Military commissions were organised in time
of peace for the trial of civil offenses. The
intelligence and properly and official expe-
rience of the country were deprived of the right
of suffrage, while their former slaves were
enfranchised. They were excluded from office,
both State and Federal, while the negroes were
admitted to both. Scarcely a white man, from
the Potomac to the Hio Grande, under the laws
of Congress, could in any manner partici-
pate in the administration of Federal "affairs :
yet every negro was eligible. As if the Re-
publicans of Virginia were resolved to drive
thence every white man who retained a vestige
of self-respect, or even of decency, the only
time they ever had power in the State, a con-
stitution was framed by them that excluded
the white race—-I say the white race, because
there could not be more than one exception in a
hundred, perhaps in five hundred—from every
department of the government—from the exec-
utive mansion, from the halls of legislation,
from the_ bench, from the jury-box, the last
security lor the rights of property aud of per-
son. And eighty-five thousand Republicans
in Virginia, after the folly and wickedness of
these provisions were exposed, voted to retain
them in the fundamental law !
It is an instructive commentary on the times
that even negroes should be found so foolish
as to desire to seize the helm of State, and
white men so utterly depraved and venal as to
become their accomplices. As if to discard
even the common maxims of barbarian con-
querors, who have always deemed it both ex-
pedient and proper to consult the interests
and even the prejudices of the vanquished, the
Republican party organized a bureau of ignor-
ant and unprincipled subalterns, who were sta-
tioned in every county of the South to super-
vise and enforce contracts between citizens
when the courts of justice were in satisfactory
operation. Nay, more; they detailed officers
from the Army to attend the courts of justice,
with power to review their decisions, to set
them aside at pleasure, and render judgments
of their own, without juries, without counsel,
and without evidence; a practice not tolerated
to-day by any Government in Asia.
And that nothing might be wanting to com-
plete aud perpetuate this scheme of tyranny,
the Congress, which had only authority to
propose amend.ments to the Constitution, pro-
ceeded, contrary to the well-known wishes of
the people, to coerce their adoption at the
point of the bayonet. Congress said to Vir-
ginia, "Unless you adopt the amendments
which we propose, whether the people of Vir-
ginia approve them or not, you shall not have
any representation in Congress, but be re-
manded under military power." A more pal-
pable violation of the Constitution, a grosser
outrage upon the rights of the people of the
whole Union, was never witnessed or submit-
ted toby the American people. Aswellmight
Congress say to the western States that no Pa-
cific railroad shall traverse their territory, or
no public lands be donated for State purposes
unless they first adopt certain amendments of.
the Constitution which it might propose. It
is obvious, if amendments are proposed to Vir-
ginia, she should ratify or reject them at her
pleasure. Congress took the pains, in the act
of admission, to recitc tbat these amendments
were made ingood faith. Certainly; butnever-
theless they were ratified under compulsion.
What may be the validity of the amendments
when subjecied to the test it is not my purpose
or my province to determine.
I am well aware that all acts or agreements
obtained by compulsion are not therefore void.
The recent treaty between France and Ger-
many; the terms of General Lee's capitula-
tion at Appomattox; of Napoleon's abdication
at Fontainebleau ; of Lord Cornwallis's sur-
render at Yorktown; or King John's conces-
sion to the barons of England at Rnnnymcde,
must of necessity be respected, though extorted
by compulsion. Otherwise such wars could
never end but by the extirpation of one of
the contending parties. But is there any
necessity for amending the Constitution of
the United States by compulsion at a time of
peace and tranquillity ?
These are but a few of the "outrages"
upon the dearest rights of the people that have
been committed at Washington—outrages a
thousand fold greater than Britain committed
against her Colouies before the Declaration of
177G. The passive attitude of the people under
these multiplied wrongs and indignities attests
exhaustion of their resources. But they have
both the dignity of their character and the
been subjected to even severer tests than any '
to which 1 have alluded. Swarms of ignorant
and unprincipled adventurers from the North
have visited the South with the design of lead-
ing the docile and credulous negroes in their
eft'orts to obtain possession of the reins of gov-
ernment. In many parts of the country, where
the negro population predominates, they have
succeeded by their votes in obtaining positions
which they have dishonored and abused. In
many of the States they have framed the funda-
mental law, and are now at the head of the
administration. They have largely contributed
to embarrass the finances of their States, im-
posed intolerable burdens on property, which
they have corruptly squandered, and, as if to
