1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
■which he speaks of " the dawn breaking through
the windows." He did not feel it beneath his
dignity to close a debate continuing until sun-
rise. The great speeches in that House are
generally made after midnight. Now, if we
sit five hours and go home to a cold dinner,
some of us seem to think we are entitled to a
place in Pox's Book of Martyrs; that we have
donesomethingenormous, something immense
in the way of physical endurance. [Laughter. ]
I think at this period of the session we
ought to meet at eleven o'clock. I think we
ought to have no recess whatever, and sit until
twelve o'clock. Senators can go down one at
a time, or a few at a time, and get as good a
dinner as it is profitable for any man to eat at
this time of the year.
Mr. COLE. Where?
Mr. ANTHONY. In the restaurants here.
It does very well for temperance men like the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] and
myself, although some of these very luxurious
Senators, no doubt, would like to go to the
hotels. Of course I shall not attempt to press
this resolution now. I could not, if I should,
against the will of the Senate; but to-morrow
I shall call up this resolution and take the
sense of the Senate upon it.- My own judg-
ment is against a recess at all; but I suppose
the majority of the Senate would not agree to
that.
Mr. THURMAN. If Lent had not expired,
if we were in the midst of Lent, I could
understand the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, and I should have
thought that a greater degree of piety had
made its way into his system than perhaps did
exist during the last Lent, considering the
number of dinners, and nice ones, too, at which
I had the pleasure to meet him. [Laughter.]
Bat I take issue with him about the Senate
of the United States, and I affirm that this is
the hardest working legislative body in the
world, and works more hours than any legis-
lative body in the world. Your important
committees go into session at ten o'clock in
the morning almost every morning, and we
work from ten o'clock until six almost every
day.
Now, so far from the House of Commons of
England working harder than we do, although
it meets at four o'clock, there is never more
than a bare quorum of members there until
after dinner, until after seven o'clock. Then
the members begin to come in, it being under-
stood that before dinner merely routine busi-
ness will be attended to and no important
measures taken-Up. It is not until about nine
o'clock that the House of Commons is full.
That is the fact about it. We work twice as
many hours as the House of Commons.
Every Senator knows very well what is the
effect of long night sessions herej and what
is the use of punishing ourselves in that way
when there is no necessity for it, when you
are assured on all hands that there is no dis-
position to speak merely for the purpose of
producing delay? If this debate is allowed to
■ go on for" a day or two, my own opinion is
that we can then fix a day this week without
the least difficulty when a vote can be taken
without sitting one single hour during the
night.
Mr. HAMLIN. The question before the
Senate now is on adjourning to eleven o'clock
to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HAMLIN. All this debate is very
instructive; it is extremely novel, and there-
fore interesting ; but inasmuch as it is novel,
and I suppose we shall have it to-morrow when
tt.e resolution of my friend from Rhode Island
will come up distinctly, I hope the Senate will
now vote on this single proposition, and then
we shall have our ears regaled and delighted
with the novelty of evening sessions and recesses
to-morrow when the question is properly be-
fore us.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The honorable
Senator from Rhode Island forgets that the
debates in the British Parliament are only
occasional; they are not continuous and per-
petual as they are in the American Congress,
and they usually begin, as has been suggested
by the Senator from Ohio, about nine o'clock
at night, and sometimes extend as late as seven
o'clock in the morning; but they have many
recesses there, many adjournments, and it is
only great subjects that are debated, and then
they are debated only for a short time. I once
attended a sitting in the other House, many
years ago, of forty-two hours, and another of
thirty-eight; but they had not then the rules
to terminate debate in that House that they
now have. The hour rule did not then pre-
vail; and the rule authorizing the majority to
bring a subject out of Committee of the Whole
until every member who chose to speak in Com-
mittee of the Whole upon it had spoken had
not then been adopted. I hope that those
measures will never be adopted in the Senate.
There is no occasion whatever for adopting
them here, and I doubt whether there is much
necessity or propriety for their adoption in the
House. I suppose no one would object to
Congress adjourning this week. I think every-
body desires that, and I think there will be no
difficulty in obtaining an adjournment this week.
I am not as young and robust as my honorable
friend from Rhode Island ; I do not intend to
say much in the course of this debate, and I
will yield to any order or conclusion that the
Senate may come to on the subject; but I
should like the debate to progress with the
understanding that Congress will adjourn at
the end of this week.
Mr. STEWART. I believe there is no ques-
tion before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is; the
motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take the vote on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CHEROKEE LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs the other morning reported a little
bill, relating to some matters in my State, which
I think might be passed by unanimous consent.
I asked for its consideration then, but the Sen-
ator sitting near me [Mr. Edmonds] objected.
It is to sell a little strip of land owned by Cher-
okee Indians to actual settlers at $1 25 an
acre. Contests and difficulties are growing up
there, so that I feel it my duty to ask the Sen-
ate to consider that bill. It is a short bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent for the con-
sideration of the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs in regard to the sale of
Cherokee lands to actual settlers in Kansas.
Is there objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. I must object. If we are
to be brought here at eleven o'clock in the
morning to attend to 
Mr. STEWART. I call for the resolution
in regard to the Senators from Alabama and
Georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The Chair was about to call for Senate
resolutions.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only say that such
is the disturbed state of that locality in Kansas
that I shall feel it my duty to ask the Senate
to consider the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. You had better include
it in the bill reported this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to,
and is not before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall feel it my duty to
ask the Senate, at any rate, to consider it, and
then I shall have discharged my duty. There
are delegations here from my State; and the
Cherokee Indians are represented here, and
there is really a disturbance of the peace in
consequence of difficulties that are arising about
the contest over certain claims on this little
strip of land. Of course, every Senator must
judge for himself what his duty is, but my
duty is to ask the Senate to consider this bill,
and I shall continue to do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator has dis-
charged his "duty, and my duty is to say that
if we are to come here at eleven o'clock in the
morning and sit until midnight every night to
attend to a particular class of business I shall
object to anything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order. If there are none, the Sen-
ate resumes the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill, that it may lie on the table. It has been
handed to me by a gentleman from New Mex-
ico, and I introduce it by request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the restrict-
ive rule, bills cannot be introduced, except by
unanimous consent. The Senator from Kan-
sas asks unanimous consent to introduce a
bill, the title of which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill granting the
right of way and lands to the Pecos and Placer
Canal Company of New Mexico."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas desires to have the bill introduced and
laid on the table. The Chair stated that it waa
contrary to the rule uuless by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. POMEROY. I said, in presenting it,
that it was handed to me by a citizen of New
Mexico, and as New Mexico has no repre-
sentative on this floor, I introduced it for
him and desired it to be printed and laid on
the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is my duty to object,
and I do object.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous coosent
to introduce a bill for reference, for the ben-
efit of one of my constituents. I ask to have
it introduced, read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection ?
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 312) for the relief of
Dr. John B. Read; and it was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, lask unan-
imous consent to introduce a bill which I de-
sire to have read a first and second time,
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill can
only be received and referred by unanimous
consent. Is there objection?
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (8. No. 313) to reimburse
the State of West Virginia for losses incurred
by reason of the destruction of its bridges, &c.,
during the late war; and it was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
whether the Senator from California insists on
his objection to the bill, which X proposed to
introduce, sent to me by a gentleman from
New Mexico ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think, in justice to the
extreme diligence of the Senator from Kan*
sas on a particular bill, I must insist on my
objection. •
Mr. POMEROY. I only wanted to know
what the Senator's disposition was. I saw
•that he did not object to others, and I thought
probably he would not object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
