1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Griieher.
Ho. of Reps.
leave nothing undone to provoke and injure
the people, they have organized the negro
militia, sometimes under negro officers of the
most abandoned character, and sent them forth
into counties where the white population is
sparse, under the pretense of preserving order,
but to spread dismay and terror through the
land, and harass and pillage the people.
Many persons of large property and the
highest character are now refugees from these
States to avoid the insults and injuries to
which they are exposed by the organized brig-
ands. Imagine the coudition of a country
where, previous to an election, the Governor
orders out, without any necessity tbafc the
intelligent can discern, a regiment of negro
militia, commanded by negro officers, to scour
the country, arrest whom they please, and
dispense punishment amid their drunken rev-
elries. These cruelties, these indescribable
outrages, occur elsewhere, as well as in North
Carolina; but, to illustrate the character of
these wretches, i will repeat a portion of the
testimony lately taken by the committee of the
Senate. As to the character of Colonel Kirk,
who was imported from Tennessee, and com-
manded the militia of North Carolina recently
ordered out by Governor Hoiden, Captain
Ramsey thus testifies before the committee of
the Senate:
Question. Did you know what was the reputation
of Colonel Kuk, who was sent there by Governor
lloldcu ?
Answer. He bad a notoriously bad character as
being a bad man every way.
Question. What were the acts alleged to have been
committed by him?
. Answer, All kinds of acts that a villain and a thief
could perpetrate.
Question. State some of the crimes you have heard
alleged against him.
Answer. X heard that during the war he was upon
the western part of our State arresting parties. That
oi iti>elf amounted to nothing, as a matter of course;
but he would commit acts of cruelty upon them alter
they were taken prisoners. He did not have any
idea of honor, but would take things that did not
belong to him. He was a bad man generally in
every way.
Question. Iiis character, then, was notoriously bad ?
Answer, On, yes, sir.
Josiah Turner says:
Question. What was his reputation ?
Answer. It was bad.
Question. When he carae there ?
Answer. Yes, sir; he came there with a bad repu-
tatiOD.
Question. In what respect is his reputation bad?
Answer. As a plunderer and murderer.
Judge Battle, formerly chief justice of North
Carolina, savs in regard to him :
Question. What was his reputed character?
Answer. If you will allow me to speak of what I
have heard—I have never lived in Tennessee, of
which Siato he is said to be a resident—I can state
"what I have heard and what has been deposed upon
the trial of Governor Hoiden upon his impeach-
ment. It was said that his character was tha,t of a
desperate ruffian; that at the beginning of the war
he had joined the confederates, and afterward had
gone over upon the other side and had acted as a
jayhawker, as they are called out West.
To illustrate the character of the second in
command, and at the same time his atrocious
conduct, lut me adduce the evidence of Mr.
Murray:
On the 27th of July I understood from 'Squire
"William It. Albright that I was going to be arrested.
I had a very sick sister in Guilford, and I got in a
buggy and went to see her that day. I knew it would
give her a great deal of trouble, and I went up and
told lier I was to bo arrested and that she should riot
be uneasy. I came back the next morning and was
informed that Bergen had been there the day before
10 make my arrest, and had left word for me to re-
port to his camp as soon as I came in. at Company s
Shops. I said, "All right; just as soon as I can get
myelotheschanged." I had on linen clothes, feo I
chang"d my clothes, and got a young man to take
me up and bring my horse and buggy bacK.
Question. How far off was it ?
Answer. Two miles. I went in and reported to
Colonel Bergen.
Question. Bid you know him ?
Answer. No, sir; I asked if ho was Lieutenant
Colonel Bergen. He told me he ranked as colonel.
I told him my name was Murray, and I understood
he had been down to make arrests the day before.
He said, "All right; you are the very bird we
want." He told me to go into prison. I went in that
evening. He called me out to his quarters about an
hour by sun and asked me if I belonged to the order.
I denied it to him—told him I did not.
Question. What order did he say ?
Answer. Ku Klux. He then asked me if I did not
see Adoiphus Moore tie a rope around Outlaw's neck
the night he was hung. I told him I did not. Ho
asked me what I saw that nigbt. I stated what I
have stated here about what I had seen. He then
told me I was telling him a damned lie. I told him
I waa telling the truth. He then said, " If you don't
tell me all about it I will break your damned neck."
I told him *'Ican't help that." Says he, "Go on
back to your quarters; I will have it all out of you.
If I can't get it one way I will get it in another."
It went on that night till about one o'clock, then
Colonel Bergen came to my tent with a candle in his
hand. I had not gone to sleep. I raised up my
head. Said he, "Is that you, Murray?" Said I,
" It is," and he walked back to his tent. In a short
time he came back again without any candle, touched
me on my feet, and told me to get up and come out.
I asked him if I could put on my shoes. Ho told mo
"No, you won't have any use for them long." I
went out, and he took me into his tent with three
other men. They ail had pistols. He told mo I must
now make a confession; it 1 did not he would blow
my damned heart out.
Question. He had a pistol in his hand ?
Ansiver. Yes, sir.
Question. Cocked?
Answer. No, sir; he did not have it cocked then.
He was sitting on the bed.
Question. How many men had he?
Answer. Three men. I told him I knew of nothing
to contess. Said I, " Colonel, I have told you all I
know, and I can't tell you any more."
Question. You then told him about what you had
told us?
Answer. Just what I told you, about the same
thing. He told me then, "You are a damned liar,"
and got up, and all four of them cocked their pis-
tols. and ho told me it I did not confess he would
blow my heart out,
Question. Pointed the pistols at your breast ?
Ansioer. Yos, sir. I told him I had nothing to
contess. "Well," said he, "Patton and Rogers
(George II.) knew nothing till they were hung up,
then they could tell all about it; and you must do
the same." He went on to say that he had affidavits
filed in his office, that had been made that I did
know all about the hanging of the negro. Itoldhiin
I could not tell him anything. Then he put a rope
around my neek, took me out to a piece of woods
about seventy-five yards, tied my hands behind me,
and led me up to a tree, threw the rope over a limb,
and asked me if I was ready to make my confession.
I told him I had no confession to make. Then they
drew me up off the ground and let me hang there a
little while—not long.
Question. Drew you up by the neck off the ground ?
Answer. I think not.
Questi n. By a slip-knot?
Ansioer. It was a slip-knot.
Question. Choked you?
Anmoer. Yes, choked me pretty bad; let me hang
a little whilf; it did not hurt me ; then lot mo down,
and asked me if 1 was ready to con lass. I told him
I had no confession to make. Said he, ' If you do
not confess, I will break your damned neck," and he
gathered the rope again, and he and another oae
pulled me up very roughly, and suspended me a
great deal longer than he did before; I cannot tell
how long. I hung there till I was unconscious; suf-
fered" all the pain till I became unconscious. He
then let me down. I was not able to stand. When
I camo to I was leaning or sitting up against the
tree and a few men were rubbing mo.
Question. To rouse and restore you to conscious-
ness ?
Answer. Isupposeso; that was the notion. They
had taken the rope off my neck. When I got so I
could speak, he asked me if I was ready to make
confession. I told him I nad none to make; that I
knew nothing to confess. He then gave the order
to put the rope on my neck again, and told the ser-
geant, "Hang him up to the limb, and let him hang
till eight o'clock to-morrow, then cut him down and
bury him under the tree on which he hung;" and he
just remarked to me that if I had anything to say—
my last words—to speak. I told him I h; d nothing
to say, but if he hung mo up to that tree till I was
dead, that he would have but three more days, lie
asked me to give an explanation of that word. I did
so. Itoldhim, " You may bealive to-morrow morn-
ing and you may not; you may be hanged to a li 111 b
closo by; if you hang me dead, I am sure you will
go through the very same thing." The colonel stepped
then, stayed alittle while, and gave me till ten o cloc&
the next night to make my confession, aud told me
if I did not confess by that time he would ta^e me
out and kill me dead. I told him, "I have no con-
fession to make. I never expect to make any more
than I have." Then the rope was taken from my
neek, ray hands untied, and I was carried back to
the camp. lie told me I should not say anything
about what passed that night; if I ever divulged it
he would kill mc on sight. Well, ol course, I never
did say anything about it till I was released by
J,udge Brooks at Salisbury.
I will also add the testimony of Mr. Rogers;
Question. How did you go ?
Answer. On horseback.
Question. Whose horse?
Answer. My own. I got to tho camp that night
between nine and ten o'clock, and was put in a tent
under guard, and kept thero till the next day about
ten o'clock ; then Bergen camo to tho tent where I
was, and told mo he wanted me to go to bis tont. He
told mo I must tell who hung Wvatt Outlaw. I told
him I did not know, lie said, 'Tifou are a damned
liar; I know you do know." Then he remarked,
"Don't you know that 'Dolph Moore and Jim Hun-
ter wero tho men who hung Outlaw ?" I told him
I did not know. He said again I was a damned liar.
He told me he would give mo till that night to tell,
and if I did not tell he would make me tell. Ho said,
" I will break your damned neck if you do not tell."
Then ho told me to go to my tent and stay there.
That night, about ten o'clock, he came to my tent
and told me to come up to his tent. I went there,
and he asked mo then if I would confess that I knew
who hung Outlaw. I told him I could not; I did not
know. Again he said 1 was a damned liar, and went
for a rope. Pistols wero ly in#? on the bed; and he
nicked up his pistol. I stepped outside of his tent,
lie put a rope around ray neck, and led me off to the
woods about seventy-five or one hundred yards, and
asked me then if I would tell. I said I could not tell;
I did not know. Then ho ordered the lieutenant to
pull mo up.
Quextion. Was the rope put around your neck with
tho running noose?
Answer. Yes, sir. Ho stood in front of me with a
pisto' cocked, fastened the rope, and the lieutenant
puUcd it until it was tight.
Question.. Did it raise you off your feet?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. It was pulled until the rope was tight?
Answer. Yes. sir.
Question. Did it choke you somewhat?
Anmer. Yes, sir.
Question. How long did he keep you that way?
Answer. I suppose about a minute; he told his
lieutenant, "That will do "—I think thoso are tho
words—and the lieutenant let mo down. Ho asked
me then ifl would confess. Itold him I had no con-
fession to make; then he told me to say my prayers.
I think then he asked mo if I had anything to say.
1 told hira I had nothing to say; then, after making
several tnreats to kill me or shoot me, he took the
rope off my neck, and going back to thetent he said,
" I believe, Ilogers, you are telling tho truth, and I
will do all I can to release you to-morrow; but I
cannot do it without orders from the Governor."
Such are the wretches who commanded the
negro militia that was organized by Governor
Hoiden in 1870 and turned loose to harass,
to pillage, and torture the people of North
Carolina. It is understood that Kirk is to be
rewarded for his services by an appropriation
of money. The President has already nom-
inated Bergen as consul to Pernambuco I Thus
it is that these vile instruments of party, im-
ported into the State to create disorder and
provoke retaliation, are supported, cherished,
and fostered by the President of the United
States. Thus is made manifest what many
have suspected, that outrages in the South are
made to order. Hireling desperadoes are sent
from other States to stir up strife and provoke
"outrages." The Republicans have no other
capital in trade. Hostility to the South is the
only tie that unites them. Hence, it will not
subserve their ends for the people of the South
to live in tranquillity. But every example
of violence, however provoked, adds to the
strength and power of the Republican party.
Every wretch that is fortunate enough to re-
ceive on his back the stripes that are due to
his crimes hastens to Washington to give his
friends the benefit of his testimony; and some,
I am told, have been seen in these galleries
making profert of their wounds as a proof of
loyalty and a new title to executive favor.
But nothing contributes more to exasperate
the people than the determined purpose of the
Republicans to exclude wealth and intelligence
from all participation in public affairs, while
they exalt to the halls of legislation, to the
bench, and ail inferiorbutimportant situations
in the government, ignorant, depraved, and
incompetent people, both white and black.
The evidence shows, in many cases, that the
magistrate cannot sign his name, yet he dis-
poses of the property of his former master and
even tries him for misdemeanors. Ignorance
and depravity keep pace with each other. The
