1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ul
had not been for the gravity of their conse-
quences they would have been ludicrous enough
to have tempted tbe pen of a Cervantes or the
pencil of a Cruikshanks. Why, sir, there sat
on that occasion with the representatives of
the people called together under this congres-
sional act a great "tun of man," from the
State of Ohio, I believe, or somewhere else,
who, enthroned like another Falstaff, acting
thepartof King Henry IV before his profligate
son, overawed and thundered into, silence the
representatives of the people. Who was he
and whence came he?
Mr. SHERMAN. If that gentleman was
from Ohio I should like to know his name.
Mr. HILL. He is big enough to come from
Ohio, from Porkopolisor anywhere else. His
name is Harris. Mr. Blodgett had been ap-
pointed by the Governor of Georgia superin-
tendent of the Western and Atlantic railway.
As I am informed, Mr. Harris was the super-
visor of that great public work, appointed by
Mr. Blodgett, and, by some hocus-pocus, he
appeared there on that occasion to organize
this Legislature, taking his chair of State, and
looking as I fancy Norbury did when he rode
the bloody assizes of 1798.
Men looked amazed aud aghast. If there
were ever Ku Klux in Georgia it occurred to
me that that was about the time they ought to
have showed themselves, when a stranger, a
man wholly a stranger to the Legislature and
almost to the whole people of the State, ap-
peared there and occupied the chair of the
speaker, thundering out his edicts to the rep-
resentatives of the people, ordering them to
disperse and begone to their homes, adjourn-
ing them at his pleasure and calling them back
when he pleased, and these obedient servants
of the people going and doing his behests 1
Why, sir, the scene was pitiable. Who sat
there as prompter on this occasion near by?
There sat Mr. Blodgett behind, the prompter,
not on the railway but there in the legislative
hall. Who was the sergeant-at-arms to enforce
order in that body? Mr. Blodgett, jr., the
son of the senior who was there on that occa-
sion. This was the scene before the people.
Well, sir, the thing went on, and in a few
days the second Tuesday came after the organ-
ization. They succeeded in effecting an organ-
ization. That was curious and instructive.
We shall get more evidence upon this point,
perhaps, from a memorial that has been filed
here by a man of singular zeal in the Repub-
lican cause, and who, i undertake to say, was
the great, organizer of the Republican party
of the State, who devoted more time and more
of his money to it than any other one man in
the State of Georgia who had no more tnoney
than he had. It cannot be said of him that
he was identified with the Democratic party.
He had won some renown at the siege of Fort
Fisher. He came accredited as a good sol-
dier, sent by General Howard down there as
the agent of the Freedmeu's Bureau, and in
that capacity he acquired over the colored ele-
ment of the State a wide influence. He made
himself known to them, and I must do him
the justice here to say that while I cannot
rejoice at all of his success, a great deal that
was done in Georgia at that time was owing
almost exclusively to the indefatigable zeal
of John E. Bryant.
Allow me to go back to the spring of 1808,
when he came to Atlanta to organize the party.
That was donein the constitutional convention.
There had been nothing said among the people
as to selecting candidates for Governor, &c.,
but that convention assumed to itself the power
to do this, and that accounts for a great deal
that has been done in Georgia. A great many
of the members of the constitutional conven-
tion, some of the most conspicuous of them,
took no part in that tiling, among them the
present Attorney General of the United States.
He washed his hands of the transaction.
Thomas P. Saffold did the same thing; aud
quite a number did. At length they went so
far as to get up a delegation to the Chicago
convention. I was there, Akerman was there,
Saflfold was there, Foster was there—all Geor-
gians, all identified with the Republican party.
But under this new regime it never occurred
once to any man that was controlling things
to ask Amos T. Akerman to be a delegate to
the Chicago convention, or to ask me to go
there, or Saffold, or Foster, or any other old
and prominent citizens of the State, most of
them born in it, who had joined their fortunes
with this party ; but they took, among others,
some men who had not been within the limits
of the State more than a month or two, whom
I had never heard of before, and sent them.
1 wish the Senate could have witnessed a
scene 1 witnessed on that occasion. We did
not know how near Georgia was to furnishing
a Vice President of the United States. That
convention on that occasion, in making its
various nominations, among other things rec-
ommended to the Chicago convention, with
great gravity, the selection for the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation of Ulysses S. Grant, and
for the second office in the Government Foster
Blodgett. Iwasthere. I saw it; and, at the risk
of being considered impertinent, I rose up and
said, " Gentlemen, you have made a mistake ;
you have transpose!! the names, [laughter;]
you havegotth.e wrong man first." [Laughter.]
There is a gentleman of distinction in this city
who was in Atlanta on that occasion, and closely
identified with the Government, who has done
both good military and civil service, who, if he
were here now, I know would be tempted to
laugh. He hunted me up. He would not
believe the rumor in the street that such an act
of folly had been perpetrated, but he came to
me to ask me if I was there and witnessed it.
He never lived in Georgia, but now resides
here and holds a high position under this Gov-
ernment. I informed him it was strictly true.
"Well," said he, "this is too ridiculous ; I
will go straightway to Blodgett and tell him
this thing shall not go into the newspapers.
It must be suppressed. It will ruin the Re-
publican party for such a farce as this to be
enacted." And he told me afterward that he
did go, and the suppression was made. But
for that performance there is no telling what
might have happened. [Laughter.]
Now Mr. Bryant appears on the scene. I am
perhaps departing from the line of argument.
I have spoken already as to what appeared
before this committee, of which I have the
honor to be a humble member, in regard to
the facts, which may be determined as well
within one hour as they can in a year. Here
is the act of Congress of 1860, making certain
specific requirements for the election of Sen-
ators. The question presents itself, had the
State of Georgia, when she elected Mr. Blod-
gett by her Legislature, complied with the act
of 1866? That is for Senators to determine.
Was that the appropriate Legislature to elect?
If it was not, then he is not entitled prima
facie to a seat here. The facts all appear of
record. There is no information to be obtained
on this subject outside of the record, and the
record is here. As to whether this was a Legis-
lature that could elect a Senator, or whether
they sought to usurp the powers of a Legisla-
ture that has since been chosen, I propose to
submit some few reflections, turning aside
from the other for the moment.
By the constitution of the State of Georgia
senators in the Legislature were to be chosen
for four years and representatives for two, the
first election taking place in April, 1868, and
the constitution prescribing that the succeed-
ing election should take place in November,
1870, and biennially thereafter. One half of
the members of the senate, at the first election,
were to be chosen for two years, those having
odd numbers; the even numbers for four years.
The time from April to November was not to
be couuted, but the term of each Legislature
thereafter was to be two years. Those seven
or eight months of that year were not to be
estimated. So it was in regard to the Govern-
or's office and all other offices, for greater con-
venience. But the constitution gave to the
legislature the power to change the time of
holding the election. The constitution re-
quired that the meetings of the Legislature
should be annual, but the time of holding the
election it left to the Legislature. It did
another thing: it prescribed, as in the case of
county officers and other officials, that until
the successors of a Legislature were elected and
qualified, the preceding Legislature should hold
up to that time. That was the term of ofi|pe.
Something has been said about the meaning
of the phrase "elected and qualified." A
Legislature cannot be qualified until it is con-
vened. It cannot convene unless called to-
gether by the Governor at the time prior to
that which is fixed by law. As the constitu-
tion stood, they were to have convened in Jan-
uary, 1871, on the second Wednesday of that
month. They were to have been elected in
November, 1870. But after the events to which
I have referred had occurred, this election of
the three last-named senators, which took
place in February, 1870, and after the great
struggle which had taken place before the two
Houses of Congress and was made memorable
iu this body in the endeavor to obtain an ex-
tension of the powers of this Legislature by
congressional enactment, with which Senators
are very familiar—that failing, those who wished
to effect this thing were still not content. They
did not yield, but entered upon a fresh strug-
gle in the Legislature. In August of last year
a great contest came off there as to whether
they would perpetuate themselves.
Again 1 happened to be present on that oc-
casion. It passed one body of the Legislature,
the senate, and was defeated by a few votes
in the house of representatives. Finding that
that scheme had failed, this Legislature re-
sorted to a fresh expedient, prompted by some-
body, doubtless, who was interested in the
result, and there were few persons, it occurs
to me, who were personally interested in it. I
cannot possibly think of more than one or two
that had any deep interest in it. They pro-
posed to do two things, which they did, during,
I think, the month of October. One was to
poatpone the election of the Legislature.
There was nothing that I know of wrong in
all that, to postpone it until December from
November, and they put the days of election
at the 20th, 21st, and 22d of December, and
made a special election bill for the year 1870,
thinking that it would give to the colored people
a better opportunity, more freedom to vote at
that season of the year than it would at an
earlier period. I think that was the governing
motive in that respect. I did not oppose with
any activity this postponement of the election
of the Legislature. It was very well known
that my friend, the Attorney General of the
United States, favored the postponement, and
it was adopted.
But following this the Legislature determined,
in the exercise of its discretionary power as to
the time of the meeting of the body, to make
the extraordinary postponement from January,
1871, to November, 1871, thereby producing
between the time of the adjournment of that
Legislature last year and the time fixed for the
meeting of the present Legislature in this year
a period longer than twelve months. I do not
know what that was done for unless it was
believed that it would have the effect to legal-
ize a doubtful election which had been made
of a Senator of the United States. I have
always thought that was the reason why it was
done. I may be in error. If I am I beg the
pardon of everybody who had any hand in it.
I would not impute wrong to anybody know-
ingly where no wrong existed; but I cannot
see what other effect it could have had. For
a time it has been a matter of speculation in
Georgia whether this newly-elected Legisla-
ture, chosen in December, 1870, in case the
Governor wished to convene the Legislature)
