1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
42d Cong.-...1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Slater.
Ho. of Keps.
pie of all political phases condemn such, and that
if such ever existed it is now almost entirely sup-
pressed fey condemnation of public sentiment. In
proof of this, although we have traveled a great deal
over different parts of the State, we have not seen a
marked inan for more than twelve months.
What, then, can be the object and design in mak-
ing these false and slanderous statements? We will
attempt briefly to explain. In the political and civil
confusion that immediately succeeded the close of
the war many acts of malfeasance and peculation
in office, and frauds upon the State, were committed
by railroad rings, public officers, and government
agents. The powers of the government were almost
entirely subsidized to the interestof individuals, and
largefortunesmade by few attheexpense of the pub-
lic treasury. In many instances indictments for
murder and other high crimes were dismissed without
a trial; and, in brief, all the agencies and resources
of the State government were used to the advantage
ofthefew and to the injury of themany. The present
Legislature has attempted to institute investigation
of the acts and doings of such State officials as the
law authorizes and requires them to make. Many of
these fear a fair and strict investigation of their offi-
cial acts. Hence the clamor that is raised by such, in
. order to elude or prevent an investigation of their offi-
cial acts, and to excite the sympathy of those abroad
who do not know of their misdoings and malversation
in office. They wish to make good men in other States
believe that they are marryrs to their political faith,
and thus excite the sympathy of all lovers of the
Union, and cause places of profit to be assigned them
by the President or Congrefs,#after they have lost
the confidence and good opinion of a people whom
they have outraged and embarrassed by their malad-
ministration. Such men have plundered the State
treasury and wish to escape justice an€l an exposure
of their crimes.
D.B.THOMAS,
Speaker of the Senate.
W. O'X. PERKINS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Such is the condition of the southern coun-
try, attested by the highest local authorities,
(in almost every instance the political friends
of the party in power,) over which the Presi-
dent and Congress now propose to extend the
benign blessings of the Army and Navy of
the United States. Now, let us examine the
section of the fourteenth amendment which is
supposed to confer this extraordinary power,
so far at least as my feeble health will at
present permit:
"Sec. 1. AW persons born or naturalized in the
United States, and subj ect to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make orentorce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of the United States; nor shall
any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law; nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the eq.ua! protection
of the laws."
These limitations on the powers of the States,
■which should be enforced through the courts
of justice, are held to confer on Congress the
power to assume (he administration of the laws
of the several States through the agency of the
Army and Navy, whenever in its opinion the
rights, immunities, and privileges of the peo-
ple are not sufficiently protected. To illus-
trate the law: the tecond section makes a com-
bination of two men to commit an assault and
battery, provided one of them do any act to
effect the object thereof, a felony, liable to a
penalty not exceeding $10,000 and imprison-
ment not exceeding ten years, or both, at the
discretion of the court. And this punishment
is inflicted on the parties, to use the language
of the bill, " whetherprincipals or accessories.''
The third section authorizes the President
of the United States, -whenever he thinks the
rights, immunities, and privileges of any citi-
zens are not protected by the laws of any State,
to afford the requisite protection, " by the em-
ployment of the militia or the land and naval
forces of the United States, or ot either, or by
other means, as he may deem necessary."
This is an effectual extinguishment of the
powers of the States.
The fourth section enables^ the President,
whenever the "unlawful combinations" named
in the preceding section shall be organized
and armed, and set at defiance the constituted
authorities of the States, or when the con-
stituted authorities are in complicity with or
shall connivS at the unlawful purposes of such
combinations, &c., such combinations shall
be deemed a rebellion against the Government
of the United States, and during the continu-
ance of such rebellion, and within thelinrts of
the district which shall be so under the sway
thereof, it shall be lawful for the President
of the United States, when in his judgment
the public safety shall require it, to suspend
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus,
and to declare and enforce, subject to the Rules
and Articles of War and other laws of the Uni-
ted States now in force applicable in case of
rebellion, martial law, to the end that such
rebellion may be overgrown.
Thus it is left exclusively with the President
to determine when such " unlawful combina-
tions " exist, when they are too powerful for
the State authorities, and when these author-
ities are in complicity with them. He is the
sole judge of the necessity which enables him
to suspend the privileges of the writ of habeas
corpus. At a time of peace he may conclude
that "unlawful combinations" exist, and de-
clare martial law—a state of things which
neither Congress, nor "the President, when the
courts of justice are open, has the power to
declare. In the case of ex parte Milligan, (4
Wallace, 127,) Judge Davis says:
" If, in a foreign invasion or civil war, the courts
are actually closed, and it is impossible to admin-
ister criminal justice according to law, then, on the
theater of active military operations where war
really prevails, there is a necessity to furnish a sub-
stitute for tho civil authority thus overthrown, to
preserve the safety of the Army and society ; and as
no power is left but the military, it is allowed to
govern by martial rule until the laws can have their
free course. As necessity creates the rule, so it
limits its duration; for if this government is con-
tinued atter the courts are reinstated it is a gross
usurpation of power. Martial rule can never exist
where the courts are open, and in the proper and
unobstructed exercise of their jurisdiction. It is
also confined to the locality of actual war."
Now, with a few regiments of negro troops
dispersed through the South, and instructed in
their duty of getting up an "outrage" from
time to time, the President would not long be
■without a pretext to put the States under mar-
tial law. Every one must deprecate lawless
violence, whether it proceeds from the Loyal
Leagues or the Ku Klux Klans ; but to sup-
press these disorders, what legislation was
needed beyond the sixth section of the act of
May 81, 1870?
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if two or
more persons shall band or conspire together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this act,-or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizen with intent to prevent or hin-
der his free exercise and enjoyment of any right or
privilege granted or secured to bim by the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, or because of his
having exercised the same, such persons shall be
held guilty of felony, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court, the fine not to exceed $5,000, and
the imprisonment not to exceed tea years, and shall,
moreover, be thereafter ineligible to and disabled
from holUing any office or place of honor, profit, or
trust created by the Constitution or lawsoi the Uni-
ted States."
This infamous bill is believed to be designed
to enable the President to control the ap-
proaching elections. Its palpable violations
of the Constitution, its abrogation of all law at
the pleasure of the President, it is hoped will
arouse the people to a sense of the imminent
danger that threatens them. Power is rapidly
flowing into the hands of one man. Suffrage
is now extended to the ignorant as well as to
the intelligent. Absolute power is readily
given to the idol of the multitude. There is
but one step from extreme democracy to abso-
lute power. It therefore becomes every man
who desires the security of life, liberty, and
property to defend what remains of the sov-
ereignty and the rights of the States. If we
wish to transmit to our. children the liberty we
derived from our fathers, let us not concen-
trate but diffuse power, or one man may grasp
enough to master the others.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. SLATER,
of oregon,
In the House of Representatives,
April 4, 1871,
On the bill (II. B. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of th&United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. SLATER. Mr. Speaker, I approach
the discussion of the subject now under con-
sideration, and which is presented in the pro-
posed legislation, with a full sense of the mag-
nitude of the questions involved. Sir, in my
judgment no legislation has been proposed
since the establishment of our G-overnment so
dangerous to the permanency of our institu-
tions, so completely and thoroughly subversive
of the republicanism of the States and the
liberty of the citizen, as that now invited.
It is admitted by the mover of the bill that
it enters upon a new domain of constitutional
inquiry hitherto unexplored in the history of
legislation. In this, sir, I most fully concur.
It is a new domain unexplored by any of the
illustrious statesmen who have hitherto molded
the legislation of our country; a domain upon
whose treacherous sands no one has ever dared
to venture the future of his country; a domain
inviting and luring to the ambitious, but upon
whose opposite boundary is centralization,.
empire, despotism. Happy, sir, will it be for
the citizen, the States, and the Union if that
domain shall remain unexplored for genera-
tions yet to come.
The legislation proposed is but the finishing
touch to that which has, step by step, for the
past six years, like mile-posts, marked the in-
sidious centralization of power. At last, sir,
the nation has been brought face to face with
the great danger the fathers sought with such
earnest solicitude to avoid and guard against
in the very frame-work of the Constitution itself.
Necessity, the enemy of constitutions and the
plea of tyrants, has been successfully invoked
at each step in the drama, and now in the last
act it is again appealed to in order to silence
opposition and quiet misgivings.
Sir, if there is one feature of our institu-
tions as traced in our past history, in which-
ever department you may prosecute the search,
more prominent than another, it is that of
local self-government; and of this right the
American, from the earliest colonial period to
the present time, has been extremely jealous.
Experience has taught in the past history of
republics that whenever this right has been
invaded or subverted anarchy and despotism
has followed. Not an instance in the long list
of republics which have preceded us can be
pointed to, in ancient or modern times, as an
exception to the rule. And it was an invasion
of this right of local self-government by the
mother country that impelled the Colonies in
1776 to sever their relations with Great Brit-
ain ; and in setting forth their grievances and
the causes impelling to a separation attempts
upon these rights by the British Parliament
are most prominent. They declare:
"He has dissolved representative houses repeat-
edly, for opposing, with manly firmness, his inva-
sions on the rights of the people."
•' He has kept among us, in times of peace, stand-
ing armies, without the consent of our Legislature.
"He has combined, with others, to subject us to a
jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unac-
knowledged by our laws; giving his ussent to their
acts of pretended legislation.
"I?or abolishing the free system ot English laws
in a neighboring province, establishing therein an
arbitrary government, and enlarging its boundaries,
so as to render it at once an example and fit instru-
ment for introducing the same absolute rui e in these
Colonies. _ , x , .
" Vov taking away our charters, abolishing our
most valuable laws, and altering fundamentally the
powers of our governments.
" For suspending our own Legislatures, and declar-
ing themselves invested with power to legislate for
us in all cases whatsoever."
