304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. op Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Slater.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
For this right of self-government they paid
the price of a seven years' war, giving freely
of their substance and their lives and blood
upon the many battle-fields of the Revolution,
to secure to themselves and their posterity this
priceless heritage. In the formation of the
present Constitution they strove to intrench
it behind barriers and restrictions so as to
render it impossible of attack from the General
Government. So cautious were the States,
that, notwithstanding the grants conferred upon
the General Government had been particularly
recited and numerous limitations placed upon
the exercise thereof, yet, jealous of possible
encroachments through construction, at a very
early day after the Government went into oper-
ation under the Constitution, amendments
vie re made providing more stringent and defi-
nite restrictions and limitations upon Federal
action.
All the important and valued rights of the
citizen were secured and guarded by a bill of
rights embraced in these amendments. And it
was provided that the enumeration in the Con-
stitution of certain rights should not be con-
strued to deny or disparage others retained by
the people; and also, that the powers not dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, were reserved
to the States respectively or to tho people.
This spirit, sir, so pervades the Constitution
in nil its parts and provisions that hitherto
iio Congress has ventured to propose the over-
leaping of its plain and positive limitations.
Now, however, we are invited to enter upon a
new domain in legislation, involving the con-
centration of all powers in a centralized Gov-
ernmeftt. and m one man's hands, overriding
in one enactment all the barriers erected by
the fathers to protect the States against en-
croachincuts upon their local jurisdictions
over domestic affairs, which they made tho
chief corner stone of our system of govern-
ment.
I do not propose, sir, to enter largely into
the discussion of the numerous constitutional
questions suggested by this bill. This has been
already done largely and ably by others who
have preceded me m this discussion. The bill
needs only to be read to be at once anathema-
tized. It has been well and truly said that it
is "monstrous and atrocibus." Under the
guise of guarding tho privileges and immuni-
ties of the citizen, it at once and effectually
destroys his only shield, and leaves life, lib-
erty, and property a prey ^irresponsible power,
centered in one man. Under the pretense of
protecting valued rights, their most important
safeguards arc stricken down and destroyed.
A pretended enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, it effectually
and completely displaces tho Constitution itself,
violating the very principles upon which it rests
for its security and perpetuity. Invoked in the
interest of the people, it strikes down every
right valued by freemen. It imperils trial by
jury; renders the people in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects liable to unreason-
able search and seizure; subjects them to
arrest without warrant or cause, either actual
or pretended ; to harassing suits and vexa-
tious prosecutions in distant courts and foreign
jurisdictions; creates a long list of new crimes
hitherto unknown to our laws; makes the com-
mission of trivial offenses felonies, for which
cruel and unusual punishments are to be in-
flicted, and authorizes the intervention of the
Army and Navy in the domestic affairs of the
States, wiibour, the consent of their Legisla-
tures, or Executives when the Legislature can-
not be convened. For such acts and crimes as
these George III was declared by the thirteen
colonies unfit to be the ruler of a free people.
The legislation proposed in this bill is pred-
icated upon the following assumed proposi-
tions :
First. That the fourteenth amendment em-
powers Congress to define and punish all
offenses against person and property com-
mitted within the several States.
Second. That under the fourteenth amend-
ment the Federal Government may at will
use the Army and Navy to suppress domestic
violence within the States without the consent
of their Legislatures, or their Executives when
the Legislature cannot be convened.
I am aware, sir, that the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabaeger] does not
admit ip his argument that the provisions of
this bill reach to the fu^extent of the propo-
sition first named. I am aware, also, that the
crimes of mayhem, robbery, assault and bat-
tery, perjury, subornation of perjury, criminal
obstruction of legal process, or resistance of
officers in discharge of official duty, arson, and
larceny, are not, as such, made punishable by
the second section of this bill, which reads as
follows:
Skc. 2. That if two or moro persons shall, within
tho limits of any State, band, conspire, or combine
together to do any aot in violation of the rights,
privileges, or immunities of any person, to which he
is entitled under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, which, committed within a place
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States, would, under any law of the United
States then in force, constitute the crime of either
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault
aud battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction oflofral process or resistance of offi-
cers in disohargo of official duty, arson, or larceny;
and if one or moro of tlio partioa to said conspiracy
or combination shrill do any act to effect tho object
thereof, all the parties to or engaged in said con-
spiracy or combination, whether principals oraccess-
ories, shall bo deemed guilty of a foiony, and, upon
oonviction thereof, shall be liable to a penalty of
not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment not ex-
ceeding ten yoars, or both, at the discretion of the
court: Provided. That it' any party or parties to
such conspiracy or combination shall, in further-
ance of such common design, commit the crime of
murder, such party or parties so cuilty shall, upon
conviotion thereof, suffer death : And provided alto.
That any offense punishable under this act, begun in
one judicial district of t.lio United States and com-
pleted in another, may bo dealt with, inquired of,
tried, determined, and punished in either district.
I understand that the act of combination of
two or more persons to do an act, which act,
if done in any place under the sole and exclu-
sive legislativejurisdiction of the UiiitedStates,
would constitute any of the crimes enumerated
in the section, coupled with an attempt to put
the conspiracy into effect, is what is to be pun-
ished by this bill. To illustrate : two or more
persons in the State of New York conspire
together and attempt to commit a larceny
upon the property of another, which, if com-
mitted in the District of Columbia or any fort,
arsenal, or dock yard of the United States,
would be larceny under the laws of the Uni-
ted States ; such act is made a felony without
regard to whether, if consummated, it would be
grand or petit larceny. It makes no difference
as to the value of the property attempted to
be stolen, whether it be little or much, whether
it be an attempt to rob a hen roost or a bank.
We are gravely, earnestly, and apparently sin-
cerely, told that this is no encroachment upon
the local jurisdiction of the States, because it
is not the larceny that is to be punished, but
tho attempt to commit it—a distinction, sir,
without a difference.
Upon what theory is it possible to rest the
authority to pass this bill other than that under
the fourteenth amendment the power of the
United States has been so enlarged and ex-
tended that it may now defiiie and punish all
offenses against person and property of what-
ever kind and degree committed within the
States, as well as if committed in the District
of Columbia or the forts, arsenals, and dock-
yardsof the United States,_ where alone, by the
express terms of the Constitution, exclusive
legislative jurisdiction is .conferred upon Con-
gress, and by the strongest possible implication
denied everywhere else? If Congress has the
power to declare the punishment for conspir-
ing and attempting to commit any and all of
the crimes enumerated in this section, must it
not be derived from and as incident to the
jurisdictional right to declare the punishment
of the crimes themselves wherever committed ?
The power to prevent or punish attempts at
the commission of offenses inheres to and is
a part of the jurisdiction which has tbe power
to define and punish the offenses themselves.
This is as true of State as of Federal juris-
diction.
Sir, I must confess that I am unable to dis-
cover any consistency in the logic that gives
to the Congress of the United States power to
declare the punishment for an attempt to com-
mit a crime and denies to it the power to
declare the punishment of the crime itself
when committed. Why, the bill itself refutes
the argument, as will be seen by an examina-
tion of the first proviso of the section under
consideration, which goes a step further, and
declares that if any party to such conspiracy
shall, in attempting to carry out the purpose,
" commit the crime of murder, such party or
parties, upon conviction, shall suffer death."
Mr. Speaker, the conclusion is irresistible
that that legislation is and can be based on
no other theory than that Congress under the
Constitution, as amended, may, in the pleni-
tude of its power, whenever circumstances and
party exigencies demand, define and punish
all grades of offenses against person and prop-
erty committed within the States.
But let us push the inquiry one step further.
If the United States may provide for taking
jurisdiction upon the criminal side of its courts
of offenses committed within the States against
person and property under the pretense of
enforcing protection to life, liberty, and prop-
erty, and compelling the States to respect the
guaranties of the fourteenth amendment, why
may it not also assume civil jurisdiction at law
and in equity of all matters of controversy
between citizens under a like pretense? A
man's chose in action is as much property as
lands, horses, or cattle, and as such is as much
entitled to the protection of the Government.
Where is to be the limit of protection to person
and property if the interpretation assumed is
acted upon by the Government ? Is this ciim-
inal jurisdiction now sought to be assumed to
be concurrent with the States or exclusive of
their rights; and if concurrent, is there not
some danger of there being an overdose of
protection?
But, sir, it is useless to pursue this matter
further; the pretense of protection is alto-
gether too thin a disguise to cover the masked
design which lurks beneath. To assume ju-
risdiction over the domestic concerns of the
several States is the purpose of this measure.
It can have no other, be the pretense what it
may. Pass it and enforce it, and the local
jurisdiction of the State is a thing of tbe past.
Once upon the statute-book ana it will be a
dangerous precedent to be appealed to in the
future, and circumstances and exigencies will
not be wanting to invite and urge to further
aggressions. Once concede the principle and
the current of legislation will thenceforth sweep
with irresistible force to the centralization of
all power in Congress and the Executive in and
over the States, absorbing one by one their
remaining rights, until their lines and juris-
dictions will be wholly obliterated and lost.
But there is another feature in this section
worthy of note. The bill is entitled "A bill
to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment of tbe Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes." And it is
claimed that the guarantees made in the first
section of this amendment, byway of negations
upon the States, carry with them, and particu-
larly in connection with the fifth section of the
amendment, the power of their enforcement,
and impose upon Congress the duty of provid-
