1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Slater'
Ho. of Reps.
ing the necessary laws to that end. The honor-
able gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bisgham]
made an elaborate argument upon the power
and duty of the Government to enforce these
amendments, which abounded in eloquence and
stately rhetoric most worthy the gentleman, the
House, and the occasion. Did it occur to that
gentleman that that question was not neces-
sarily involved in the discussion of this meas-
ure, the power of enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment not being denied?
It is not whether the Government has power
to enforce upon the States an observance of
the restrictions placed upon them in the first
section of that amendment, but whether this
particular measure is a proper remedy, and
whether it is not obnoxious to the charge of
being an unwarranted assumption of power
upon the part of Congress, illegal in. its pro-
visions and unjustifiable upon any principle
of law or needed legislation? The fugitive
slave law of 1850, based upon the third clause
of section two of article four of the Constitu-
tion, has been referred to as furnishing an
undoubted precedent and full justification for
the passage of this enormity. The clause upon
which that law is based reads as follows:
" No person held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
delivered upon claim of the party to whom sucli
service or labor may be due."
It will be seen that there is no parallel what-
ever between this clause and the first section
of the fourteenth amendment. There are two
phases to the clause to be noticed :
1. The slave was not to be discharged from
service on account of the laws of the State into
which he had fled. That is to say, the State
was not denied the right to place the law on
her statute-book, but the slave escaping within
her jurisdiction was not to be discharged by
reason of anti-slave laws.
2. The slave was to be delivered up on claim
of the party to whom his services were due.
This is not the denial to the States of the
right to pass a law, but simply excepting from
its operation certain persous coming within
their jurisdictions. ■
This is not all. A delivery upou claim was to
be made, and the act of delivery was not de-
volved upon the State but left to the General
Government, and it was this duty that carried
with it the power to provide therefor as a
necessary implication. But the guarantees oi
the first section of the fourteenth amendment
are wholly negative in their character:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
proccss of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the eaual protection of the laws."
Such laws would be simple nullities if
passed, and every officer of the State, from a
justice of the peace to the supreme judge,
from a constable to the Executive, under their
oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, would be bound to disregard them.
If, however, their enforcement were attempted
the citizen is not without the means of protec-
tion. The Federal courts, always open with
writs of habeas corpus, writs of restraint, and
injunctions, and other remedial agencies, can
at all times render efficient and ample security
against actual or threatened disregard of these
guarantees. Through the civil agencies and
remedies of the Federal courts is to be found
the means of enforcing the first section of
this constitutional amendment, rather than by
absorbing the local jurisdiction of the States
through penal statutes and police regulations
operating within their limits. If, sir, this meas-
ure is to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment, and the.power is clearly
conferred as claimed, why hide and mask the
purposes of the measure behind the phrase,
"which, committed within a place under the
sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States, would under any law of the United
States then in force constitute the crime," &c. ?
.This language cannot by any possibility
whatever add to the validity of the act by
extending the power of exclusive legislation
within the District of Columbia, the forts,
arsenals, and dock-yards of the United States
over the States themselves. The crimes enum-
erated are all well-defined in the jurisprudence
of the country and at common law, and are
neither more nor less definite because they are
made punishable when committed within places
where the sole and exclusive legislative juris-
diction of the Government may be exerted.
And if, sir, to protect the "rights, privileges,
and immunities of any person, to which he is
entitled under the Constitution," the Govern-
ment is to undertake the police of the States, to
punish bad men who may go through the coun-
try by twos committing the crimes enumerated
in this section, then let the law be direct in its
terms; let it provide "that if two or more per-
sons shall combine together to commit either
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, as-
sault aud battery, perjury, subornation of per-
jury, criminal obstruction of legal process or
resistance of officers in discharge of official
duty, arson or larceny, in any State, and shall
do any act toward the commission thereof,
such person or persons shall be deemed guilty
of a felony." Thus stripped of all disguises
and liu KIux paraphernalia, this section is
naked deformity itself, and exhibits purposes
and aims so radical and revolutionary as to
call forth imprecations from every lover of his
country.
I now pass to the consideration of the sec-
ond proposition, and quote the third and fourth
sections of the bill:
Skc.3. That in all eases where insurrection, domes-
tie violence, unlawful combinations, or conspira-
cies in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws thereof as to deprive any por-
tion or class of the people of such State of any of
the rights, privileges, or immunities named in and
secured by this act, and the constituted authorities
of such Stateshall either beunableto, or shall, from
any cause, fail in or refuse protection of the people
in such rights, and shall fail or neglect, through the
proper authorities, to apply to tho President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts shall
be deemed a denial by such State of the equal pro-
tection of the laws to which they are entitled under
the fourteenth articlo of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States; and in all such cases it
shall be lawful for the President, and it shall be his
duly, to take such measures, by the employment of
the militia or the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, or of either, or by other means, as he may
deem necessary for the suppression of such insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, or combinations; and any
person who shall be arrested under the provisions
of this and the preceding section shall be delivered
to the marshal of the proper district to bo dealt with
according to law.
Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, or when
the constituted authorities are in complicity with,
or shall connive at the unlawful purposes of, such
powerful and armed combinations; and whenever,
by reason of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the
conviction of such offenders and the preservation
of the public safety shall become in such district
impracticable, in every such case such combinations
•-hall bo deemed a rebellion against the Government
of the United States, and during the continuance
of such rebellion, and within the limits of the dis-
trict which shall be so under the sway thereof, such
limits to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall bo
lawful for the President of the United States, when
in his judgment the public safety shall require it, to
suspend the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus,
and to declare and enforce, subject to the Rules and
Articles of War and other laws of the United States
now in force applicable in case of rebellion, martial
law, to the end that such rebellion may be over-
thrown* Provided, That the President shall nrst
have made proclamation, as now provided by law,
commanding sueh insurgents to disperse: And P*®"
vided also, That the provisions of this section shall
not be m force after the 1st day of June, A. 1)* ioi-"
The provisions of these sections are even
more remarkable in their tenor and more
flagrant, if possible, in their violations of the
Constitution th,an the second section. The
fourth section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution provides that—
_ ."The United States shall guaranty to every Slato
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, anil on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convenedJ against
domestic violence."
And this is as much a part of the Constitu-
tion as is the fourteenth amendment.
It has long been the established rule of courts
that all the provisions of an instrument or
statute must be construed together, and in such
a manner, if possible, as to give effect to all of
its provisions; and I ask, in all candor, if there
is anything in the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment that can by possibility in any way
modify the section quoted? Through all the
years which our Government has existed, to
the present time, no statesman has ever ven-
tured to claim that it could intervene with the
Army or Navy to suppress domestic violence
within a State without first being requested by
the Legislature, or Executive when the Legis-
lature could not be convened. And from the lan-
guage it is quite apparent it is not merely local
disorders and irregularities occasioned by the
violence of a few bad men which will author-
ize an appeal to the Federal Government, but
it is that domestic violence which threatens
the very existence of the State government
itself; else why the limitation upon the Execu-
tive of the State to such a condition of affairs
that prevents the convening of the Legislature
before he may make the application for aid.
, Yet the third and fourth sections of the bill, in
violation of the express terms of the Consti-
tution, undertakes to authorize the President
to enter any State with the Army and Navy,
either or both, without its consent expressed
through its Legislature, to suppress the insur-
rections, combinations, and domestic violence
referred to in section two, under the pretense
of enforcing the equal protection of the law.
Thus the fundamental law of the land is to
be set aside by mere statutory enactment.
One violent act is to be rectified by commit-
ting others of equal or greater magnitude.
Bad men combine and conspire together to
commit crime and deeds of violence, and by
their audacity and corruption go unwhipped
of justice. This has always been so, and
doubtless will continue to be so until the end
of time; at least, until man's rapacity shall
have passed away and the millennium be ush-
ered in. Thus, while the law guaranties equal
protection before it, there is not always an
equal enjoyment of rights under its adminis-
tration. Nor is it possible to organize society
in any way to wholly avoid these inequalities.
But, Mr. Speaker, the measure does not stop
at mere intervention on the part of the Gen-
eral Government to suppress domestic disor-
ders and violence, ,but declares, in the fourth
section, that when "the conviction of such
offenders and the preservation of public safety
shall become in such district impracticable, in
every such case such combinations shall be
deemed a rebellion against the United Slates,"
and then provides for the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus and the enforcement ot
martial law according to the Rules and Articles
of War. Thus, sir, a neighborhood feud may
be the means of inviting, through designing
men and the calumnies of many-tongued ru-
mor, the Army to interfere in the police affairs
of a State. xY failure to convict persons charged
with the commission of the offenses defined in
this bill would swell the local broil to the dimen-
sions of a rebellion against the United States,
drawing after it a suspension of that great writ
of liberty, the habeas eorpus, ending with mili-
tary occupation of the insurrectionary district,
removal of civil officers, the displacement of
courts, Legislatures, and Executives, and the
