o44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10j
The excuse of the bad men who compose the Km
Klux Klan in Georgia for the acts of violence which
they commit is, that Blodgett and his associates
have violated the laws of the State and of the Uni-
ted States with impunity, and have plundered the
State of a large amount of money, and that their
only remedy is to get control of the State by using
force. It is known to every intelligent citizen of
Georgia by what means Blodgett secured his elec-
tion. X believe that if he is now admitted it will be
charged by very many persona in that State, and
believed by a large majority of the white citizens,
that the Republican members of the United States
Senate have willfully violated the law of Congress
to admit a Republican Senator that they may keep
control of the Government; that the Republican
party, when for its interest to do so, will not hesitate
to violate any law. I believe that many citizens
will be exasperated, and I fear for the result.
Senators, as a loyal citizen of Georgia, a Repub-
lican, I beg that you will not admit Foster Blodgett
to a scat in the Senate unless you are satisfied, after
careful investigation, that he has been legally elect-
ed. The condition of the loyal people of Georgia is
now almost intolerable- I beg that you will not add
to our danger, unless, after careful inquiry, you are
satisfied that it is your duty to do so. Georgia, as
well as other States in the South, is in an unsettled
condition ; the lives of Republicans are in danger in
many sections. I beg that you will not exasperate
men already desperate by giving even a seeming rec-
ognition to the claims of a man so justly odious to
all good citizens, by allowing him to occupy a seat
in your honorable body even for a few months, when
his election, clearly illegal and void, was procured
by force, fraud, and bribery.
The views expressed above I personally know are
held by a large number of the ablest and most influ-
ential Republican citizens of Georgia; but for vari-
ous reasons we did not desire to take a public position
in this controversy. It was not until the report of
your Committee on Privileges and Elections was
made to the Senate that I decided to do so ^there-
fore, I have not had an opportunity of securing the
signatures of the many intelligent Republicans who
would cheerfully unite with me in this protest.
I am, very respectfully,
. J. E. BRYANT,
Late Mepresentaiive in Georgia Legislature
from liiehmond County.
Washington, D. 0., March 21, 1871.
Exhibit A.
State of Georgia, Bartow County:
Before the subscriber, in person, came M. J. Craw-
ford, of said county and State, and, being duly sworn,
deposeth and saith that he is the identical person
named in the General Order No. 90, dated headquar-
ters third military district, department of Georgia,
Florida, and Alabama, Atlanta, Georgia, June 25.
1#>S, issued by order of Major General Meade, signed
R. C. Drum, assistant adjutant general, and attested
as official, the member-elect of the house of repre-
sentatives of the State of Georgia from said county;
that I was qualified as a representative by taking
the oath prescribed, and served as such member in
the session of the Georgia Legislature during the
years 1868 and I860; that I believed myself eligible
as a member of the Legislature, and fully entitled
to my seat, and thatopmion was strengthened by the
concurring opinions of such eminent jurists as Chief
Justice J. I£. Brown, Judge Warner, and Judges
Irwin, Pope, Parrott, Lockrane, and others, lawyers
of noted ability, all concurring that I was eligible;
that I was deterred irom taking the oath required
of members by the published opinion of H. P. Far-
row, the attorney general of the State, as well as
the course pursued by General Terry in ordering
those who had taken the oath before a military court.
I was told often that I would be prosecuted if I did
take the oath as prescribed by Congress, passed De-
cember 22, 1869; that one Blodgett had the papers
in my case in his possession ready for me if I took
the oath. Also, I was told by a citizen of Atlanta
that he was in the clerk's office of the United States
court, and heard the marshal tell the clerk to have
the papers ready; that he, the marshal, would call for
thuiu that evening to arrest those members who took
the oath, contrary to the opinion of Farrow, as pub-
lished. I was a notary public before the war. and
was iii the confederate States service during the war.
According to my opinion and the better opinion
of more learned men before mentioned, I could
administer no general law, nor could I execute such
a law.
M. J. CRAWFORD.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this March 7,
1870.
^ „ . THOS. A. WORD,
Clerk Superior Court, Bartow County, Georgia.
Georgia, Bartow County,
Office Clerk Superior Court.
Given under my hand and seal of office this 7th
day ot March, 1870*
[i*. sJ THOS. A. WORD,
Clerk Svperior Court, Bartow County, Georgia.
Exhibit B.
State op Georgia, County of Upton:
Before the subscribe!, in pctton appeared John C.
Drake, of said county, and, b,eing duly sworn, de-
poseth and saith that he is the identical person
named in the General Orders No. y0, dated head-
Suarters third military district, department of
eorgia, Florida, and Alabama, Atlanta, Georgia,
June 25, 1868, issued by order of Major General
Meade, signed R. C. Dr.um, assistant adjutant gen-
eral, and attested as "official, George Meade, aid-
de-camp, " as the member-elect to the house of rep-
resentatives of the State of Georgia from said county;
that I was qualified as a representative by taking the
oath prescribed, and served as such member in the
sessions of the Georgia Legislature during the years
1868 and 1869; that I had read the printed copy of a
letter written by me to Hon. J. E. Bryant, dated
Thomastown, Georgia, February 12,1870, contained
in the annexed pamphlet, entitled "The law of
Congress violated by GovernorBullock, of Georgia,"
&c., said letter appearing on pages 45 and 46 of said
pamphlet, and do swear that the statements in said
printed letter contained are true; that I believe my-
self eligible as a member of the Legislature and fully
entitled to my seat; that I was deterred from taking
the oath required of members by the published opin-
ion of Henry P. Farrow, the attorney general of the
State, on the question of eligibility of members
under the act of Congress of December 22, 1869,
being unwilling to incur the annoyance of a prose-
cution, though feeling well assured of my innocence.
I furthermore state that I was threatened with
prosecution if I took the oath. It was further prom-
ised me, that if I would sign a petition to Congress
for relief, that Governor Bullock would indorse and
recommend it, and that I would thereby get relief
and retain my seat without any difficulty; that I
did, and the petition was drawn by Judge D. B.
Howall, and signed by me with a solemn promise to
forward it to Washington immediately. Governor
R. B. Bullock promised, personally, to have me
released, and took down my name for that purpose.
It was further said to me, if I would vote for Foster
Blodgett for United States Senator that everything
would be made right, atad retain my seat.
It is also stated and fully believed that H. P. Far-
row, the attorney general, wrote several letters to
the minority candidate in this county, and who now
holds my seat, urging him to come to Atlanta two
weeks before the session of the Legislature, saying
that it was for his good: and he did go aud remain.
JOHN C. DRAKE.
Wm. A. Cobb, Ordinary.
Georgia, Upson County, Ordinary's Office.
Given under my hand and seal of office, as ordin-
ary of said county, this 5th day of March. 1870.
WM. A. COBB, Ordinary.
Exhibit C.
Atlanta, Georgia, February 14,1870.
I beg leave to inform your excellency, and through
you the house of representatives, that I was induced
to sign an application forpardon through amistake,
and did not mean thereby to admit that I labored
under any disability to take the necessary oaths and
resume my seat in the house as a member from the
county of Union. I now offer to take the oath, and
respectfully ask that such direction be given the
matter as may admit of my doing so, and partici-
pating in the proceedings of the house of represent-
atives as by law, I respectfully submit, I am entitled
to do.
Proof of the circumstances under which I was led
to defer taking the oath, and of the facts of the case,
will be submitted as soon as the necessary affidavits
can be prepared.
Will your excellency have the kindness to forward
this communication to the house of representatives,
should the matter have passed beyond your control,
so that the house may have my case before them
when they receive or act upon credentials presented
by or upon behalf of my competitor?
I have the honor to be, Governor, very respect-
fully, your obedient servant,
J. H. PENLAND.
His Excellency R. B.Bullock, Governor of Georgia.
Mr. HILL. While it occurs to me, Mr.
President, I will mention a fact here. In some
of the papers filed by the applicant for this
seat is an allegation—I cannot lay my hand
upon it at this moment—that this protest is
from a very insignificant body of Democrats,
it was sent to me, and it contains the names
of some Democratic members of the Legisla-
ture and some citizens of very high standing
who are not Democrats. In the letter accom-
panying it they mention the fact that it was
prepared in the city of Atlanta in a single day.
Nobody except such members of the State
Legislature as were in Atlanta on that day were
asked to sign it. It was never sent out of that,
city. The idea, therefore, that it was hawked
over the State to get signers to it is simply
absurd. There is not a sincere Democrat in
Georgia, I suppose, who would not be willing
to sign it, and there are an immense number
of Republicans, I undertake to say, who would
do the same thing.
And here I wish to make one remark about
the state of the Republican party in Georgia.
In the mountain country of that State, where
the people generally were poor and averse to
war on account of the question of slavery, in
which they had very little direct interest, most
of the Union sentiment of the State was to be
found. That was true of the whole tier of
southern States, as you, sir, [Mr. Sawyer in
the chair,] are aware. When we went into
an election in 1868 to frame a constitution and
to restore Georgia again to the Union by the
adoption of the reconstruction acts and acorn-
pliance with them, and with the election of a
Legislature under our new constitution, we
derived a great deal of strength from these
mountain couuties. We were represented there
by Unionists, some of whom in the terrible
days of the war had been run out of the State
on account of their opinions. They lived to
see the time when they came back, and the
people among whom they had lived returned
them to the State Legislature, where are they
now? They have been swept as chaff before
the wind by the people in those counties,
where th-ere are almost no colored people,
where the population is almost exclusively
white. The question arises, why is this so ?
What has become of the Union element in
North Georgia? It is because of the cor-
ruptions of the State road that passes through
that country, and the inability of the people
to sustain its management, which has brought
disgrace upon the Republican party in North
Georgia, that it can no longer hold up its
head. Look at the returns of the congres-
sional districts at the last election. In one
district, which was closely contested in 1868,
the Democratic majority was not one thousand,
or five thousand, or ten thousand, but I believe
it runs up to fifteen thousand. The Demo-
cratic candidate walked over"the course.
Now, sir, let us go back for a moment. I
wish to be fair about this subject. I sustain
what I know as to what Mr. Bryant says as to
history in Georgia, and I am pretty familiar
with the war history, and I state upon my can-
dor here what I do know, that when Fort
Sumter fell 
Mr._ TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Georgia will yield to me for a moment, I wish
to inquire of him whether he will allow a letter
to be read in regard to this letter of Mr. Bry-
ant's? I have received a letter from the ap-
plicant, Mr. Blodgett, inclosing a letter to
me from Judge Lochrane, who defended him
against some accusations that were made
against him, and he requests me, in case Mr.
Bryant's letter is read making these charges
against him, to present the letter of Judge
Lochrane indorsing his character, that it may
go with it.
Mr. HILL. Unquestionably I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is at the request of
the gentleman claiming a seat.
Mr. HILL, I will allow anything of that
sort to he read with pleasure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He claims it as an act
of fairness, if Mr. Bryant's letter making these
charges is read, that this letter ought to be
read.
Mr. HILL. Of course I will give way and
allow it to be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read, then, in
connection with the other.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Atlanta, February 15,1871.
Dear Sir: Having seen by some newspaper cor-
respondence the character of Hon. Foster Blodgett,
United States Senator-elect, brought in question, and
my attention having been called to this matter by
Mr. Blodgett, I feel it due to him to state that all
the enmities against him have resulted from his
political position and the prosecution arising out of
this by partiesin the United States court. Mr. Blod-
gett employed me as his attorney m connection with
lion. II. li. J aekson, of Savannah, and our letter to
the honorable Attorney General on the fact-* demon-
strates our opinion as to the injustice of this pros-
ecution.
As his attorney I forced the case to trial, and felt
assured of a clear and triumphant acquittal on tho
facts which took place last court upon the total failure
of the United States attorney to make out the case,
and it, would be manifestly unjust for the Govern-
ment to permit, such a prosecution so instituted, and
the license it gave to newspapers and their corre-
spondents to abuae and slander Mr. Blodgett, to bo
