1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
corroborated by other colored men who con-
fess their connection with the same crime,
except so far as the readingof Holden's orders
is referred to. This affidavit or confession will
be found on page 41 of the minority report of
the Senate committee to investigate the condi-
tion of affairs in the southern States, and is
also referred to in the evidence reported by
ihe majority :
Wilson Dewer, the defendant, beingbroughtbefore
the undersigned justice, charged according to the
annexed warrant, on his examination states that he
did not have any conversation with anybody about
Mr. Minis oil Sunday at Piney Hill—iho Sunday
before J. H. Minus's barn was burned—except with
J J ardy Stewart; did not speak to Alfred Jones that
day; ltold Hardy Stewart to meet me at Piney Hill
church on the tirst Sunday in December, 1870; I am
a member of a club to meet the Ku Klux,or the
Union Club; I joined last spring; I joined at Jim
Howell's: he called all of us together to hear Gov-
ernor,W.W.Holden's orders; I went to Jim Howell's;
1 got there; he told me to hold on until the whole
crowd comes; he had called in all black around in
the neighborhood. When the crowd got there, he
got out the orders and read them. The orders was
lor us ail to join together in a club called the Union
Club. Alfred J ones was there, Stanley Stevens, Ned
Hunter, Dave demons, Sam Cox, Hardy Stewart,
Sam demons, Thomas demons, Harry Judd, Dick
J udd, J im Barker, NealPrince, Mack Watson, Elisha
JJeckwith, Jesse Beck with, Daniel Barker, Jim
Howell, and his two boys, Bufus and Henry. They
were talking about burning Mr. Calvin Branch's
barn. We met there a night afterward, and the
orders was read that we received from Governor
Holden; was notroad the first night. We wcresworn
in the iirst night we met, and they elected mc cap-
tain. When the orders was read I told them I
would resign, and have my namo scratched off.
The order was for us to attack theKu Klux, and
hum out all we thought was Ku Klux. Then Jim
Howell read over Jo. Norris's name, at the head of
the list, and some other white man; don't recollect
what his name was; do not know who was along
when Mr. Branch's barn was burnt. Rufus Howell
Mack Watson, Stanley Stevens, Lake Olive, Sam
Cox, burntMr. JesseBurt's dwelling-house; I heard
ilulus Howell say so. lie said he talked with the
man that lived on his place the time while Stanley
Stevens was firing the house that was burnt. If
any man told the secret about this company they
wcie to be killed and put out of the way; and nobody
to say anything about it. That was in the orders
from Governor Holden. We were to give signs to
know one another with our three fingers, by touch-
ing our breast, elbow, and thumb. There was live
words alfo given U3, which was, Lincoln, Liberty,
Loyal, Unicfcp, League. To the best of my knowl-
edge, them was the words that was read out of a
little blue-back book. Charles Adkins told nicthey
were going to fire Thomas Luther's barn, and told
Jeff. Mims to take his wheat out if ho had any in it,
as it was going to be the next barn that was burned.
"WILSON -KDEWER.
mark.
Taken before me this 19th day of December, 1870,
J. T. MOFFI1T,
Justice of the Peace.
I have not quoted this evidence for the pur-
pose of extenuating or glossing over the dis-
orders, of the South, but for the purpose of
showing the actual state ot affairs there. It
is proclaimed here and elsewhere that the
Democracy on this floor have become, the apol-
ogists of the crimes and scourgings done by
the Ku Klux, notwithstanding they have, one
and all, denounced it. But, sir, we are not
to be deterred from showing up the real insti-
gators of these crimes and disclosing the incit-
ing cause of southern disorders by being thus
denounced. If yon would cure the evil it is
essential to know from whence the irritation
comes. That removed, and order and quiet
will be restored.
And now a word as to the remedy. The les-
son of history, repeated as often as the experi-
ment has been tried, is that oppressive laws
always defeat the end sought. You have tried
them without measure and without restraint
for six years, and it is confessed that the pres-
ent case is no exception to the rule. Then,
sir, retrace your steps, as far at least as it is
possible to do so; change your policy of op-
pression under oppressive laws upon the South,
and leave them to work out the solution ot
this problem that has thus far defied your
efforts. Already, sir, where self-government
has been most nearly or wholly restored to
this people the evidence is unmistakable that
quiet and order is being restored, and in all
the States lately in insurrection the evidence
that has been from time to time taken by
authority of Congress conclusively proves that"
just in proportion as the people have receded
from under and been relieved of those odious
reconstruction measures and their attendant
restraints, in that proportion good order and
quiet is resumed and gains with the southern
people. All the outrages that are now paraded
here and in the other end of the Capitol4 with
few exceptions, occurred from one to three
years ago. And yet, sir, for the purpose of
keeping up an inflamed state of mind at the
North for partisan purposes, they are made to
do duty at successive sessions of Congress.
Sooner or later the questions arising' Out of
the changes wrought by war and reconstruction
in the insurrectionary States must be wholly
remitted to those States to work out for them-
selves, as they alone can solve them. There
is but one act that Congress can now do to
hasten that desired result, and that is, to give
universal amnesty in the removal of all polit-
ical disabilities. This, sir, is the remedy which
men of all parties in those States say will go
further to bring to them the benign influences
of peace and quiet than any other. I will
quote the opinions of witnesses taken in the
late investigation before the Senate on this
point. W. T. Bynum, a solicitor in North
Carolina and a Radical, when interrogated as
to his opinion on this point, at page 57 says :
"I think public opinion would probably oliangcif
wc had something like a general or universal am-
nesty. I think a great deal of this public opinion is
created by the fact that a large class of our people
feci that the negro has political rights wliieh tliey
Iiavo not; that he can hold office while a large num-
ber of our people cannot. I think that is one cause
of the public opinion, and if it could be changed I
think tho evil would be at once corrected, and this
organization would be disbanded/'
Lewis Harris, an editor, and an unflinching
Union man during the war, at page go testi-
fies as follows:
Question. Then I will ask you what you believe
would be a cure for the outrages which have been
committed, and tor the feeling which caused them?
Answer. I think the legislation which is nceessary,
as that which will tend to produce a better state of
feeling, is this: you must have observed that it is
dithcult to execute laws where tho public sentiment
any way justifies outrages or criminal acts. I think
a general amnesty bill, a repeal of the test-oath, and
the admission into Congress of those persons who
have been elected by the people to represent them,
would do more to restore good feeling, and as a
consequence to arouse a public feeling against this
lawlessness, ancl a respect for the Government, than
anything elso that could bo done.
Thomas Settle, one of the Radical judges of
the supreme court of that State, at page 90, in
answer to a request to suggest some remedy
for the evil, says :
"Well, sir, I am not able; Ihave tried to devise
something that would meet our case, but I am un-
able to suggest anything at present. I thiuk prob-
ably the remedy lies in ourselves: let us work it out.
I do not know. There is a great deal said now about
these political disabilities. For my part I think, in
the present circumstances, that it is doing more
harm than good to retain them, and for this reason:
so far as obnoxious men aro concerned, there are
men just as obnoxious to tho quiet of the country
outside of these men under the ban as any that are
among them; and it enables all parties there—and
most of our people are politicians; men and women
all talk out pretty freely—it enables them to say,
"Here is one set of men disfranchised, and their
slaves are enfranchised to govern them." Well, it
is but a small list, but it creates sympathy, or rather
they can make sympathy out of it. Still those men
vote, and they can select men equally as objection-
able as any of themselves who are under the ban. I
have always thought that perhaps the best thing that
oould be done in that respect would be to removo
their disabilities."
James Reid, a Methodist minister, says at
page 116, as to removal of disabilities:
" I think that in a ease of a large portion of those
laboring under disabilities it would be very soothing
nndquietiug to the public feeling; I am inclined to
think that it would nave a tendency, in a degree, to
relieve and remove a vein of apparent unkindness.
rhoso gentlemen who aro laboring under disabili-
ties feel very unpleasant, I know; they l'eel ex-
tremely unpleasant, I am satisfied of that, and I
think it has a tendency to irritate a feeling that
should have gone into quiet long ago."
And here, sir, on this floor the Republican
members from the South, with a few excep-
tions, are decidedly of the opinion that these
disabilities ought to be at once removed, and
this House, by a large majority on different
votes, have expressed the same opinion. But,
sir, the spirit of partisan hate, wholly insensi-
ble to these appeals and admonitions, bent
only on perpetuating party dominaney in the
nation at the risk of constitutional govern-
ment and liberty itself, is now with hot haste
pressing this obnoxious measure to its final
passage. The Republican party, like Caesar
of Roman history, to-day stands upon the Ru-
bicon. Every sentiment of patriotism forbids
them to cross. If they plunge into the tide it
will be because they have determined to swal-
low up their country in party.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. HORACE MAYNARD,
of tennessee,
1st tub House of Representatives,
March 30, 1871,
Tho IIouso having under consideration the bill
(II. II. No. 320) to enforce tho provisions ol' tho
fourteenth amendment to tho Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Speaker: After we have heard from
the cultivation and the wealth and the com-
merce and the morality of the country in the
person of their chosen Representative, [Mr.
Wood,] I have sought the floor to address
the House in behalf of another portion of the
American people, the people of whom I am
the Representative, who lay no special claim
to those high attributes, but for whom I do
claim that, during the time of those troubles
which tried us all so sorely, they stood firmly
and steadfastly by their country, its Govern-
ment, and its Constitution. I shall make no
professions of my devotion to the interests
of that portion of the country in which I live
and which in part I have tor so many years
represented in this House. If my record here
for the past ten or twelve years has not been
sufficient to demonstrate my attitude in this
regard, it is too late in the day for me to begin
now with professions.
Previous to the war I labored with such
ability and influence as I could command
to restrain, to keep the people of the South
out of the disastrous and deplorable civil war.
1 appealed to them iu this House and out of
this House, more especially out of the House,
and at homo, on every hill-top and in every
valley of my section of the country, imploring
them to stay the hands of those wicked and
parricidal men who were hurrying us on to
swift and terrible destruction. But when the
war came with all its disasters and desolation
I then addressed myself to mitigate to our
people, so tar as in me lay, its untold horrors,
and especially to see that its malign conse-
quences should fall alone upon the guilty
leaders of the movement and not upon their
dupes and victims.
In listening yesterday to the speech of my
colleague [Mr. Whitthorne] I was much grat-
ified at the array he exhibited of the prosperity
of the South even at this day and under all our
disadvantages. I thank him for the tribute,
none too strong, none too highly wrought., to
the fidelity of the colored men, both during the
war, before their emancipation, and since the
war. I have his figures before me; and no
