546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Blodgett, and he will probably be sworn in to-
"The'action of Mr. Hill has disgusted Repub-
lican members here, anil he is considered a spy,
who had adroitly wormed himself into Republican
circles."—Atlanta'(Georgia) Daily New Era, March
21,1<J71.
Mr. HILL. Here is another which I ask
to have read.
The Chief Clerk-read as follows:
jl/v*. Blodgetl's case yet undecided—It will vrobahly
come up to- day—Hill gone over to the Democrats.
[Special to the New Era.]
" Washington, March 23.—No action was taken to-
day on the report of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections favoring the admission of Senator
Blodgett, but it is asserted to-niglit that decided
action will be taken to-morrow, when it is .to be
hoped a final decision will be reached. It is the
universal opinion here in Democratic as well as Ke-
" publican circles, tbat thereportoftheeommitteewill
be adopted. , ,
"The cause of the delay thus far has been thebitter
opposition of Mr. Hill, on personal grounds alone,-
who seems to have gone over soul and body to the
Democratic fold. The Washington Republican of
this morning contains thefollowingeoncerninghim :
" 'The New York World a few days ago and, indeed,
most Democratic papers class the Senator from
Georgia (Mr. Hill) among theDemoeratic members
of that body, and tram all his actions it would seem
that the designation is perfectly correct."'—Ibid,,
March 24,1871.
Mr. HILL. Now, sir, I do not know who
it is that telegraphs to Georgia who can be
so much interested in this matter, nor do I
know who it is who guesses with so much
accuracy before the report of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections is made exactly
what the report of that committee is to be.
I believe the author of that first telegram is a
sagacious man, and I take it he is the author
of the second; but I say to him and I say
to everybody else, my Democratic friends
included, that I have lived up to this time of
life a good deal longer than I care to name—
it is not necessary to say how long it is—but
to a tolerably ripe age, without ever having
yet voted a Democratic ticket. I doubt if the
author of these telegrams can say the same
thing. I doubt if the author may not be found
in the Democratic party before another elec-
tion comes round in the State of Georgia or
somewhere else, " wherever the pot boils
strongest."
Some gentlemen travel about the country.
We Georgians generally are poor; very few
of us can sport splendid equipages, fine jewelry,
expensive establishments. They do not belong
to many. I confess I belong to the humbler
class. My friends, though I have some ad-
mirers, have never given me an equipage and
splendid horses and carriages of $3,000 value
to air myself in to the admiration of the citi-
zens of the town in which I live, nor have they
ever presented me with an eight hundred and
fifty dollar watch made by Jules Jut'genson.
Nothing of that sort has happened to me.
Not a present even of five dollars' value have
I received from any source. Indeed, during
my whole political life with the exception of
a few cherished friends in the vicinity of Bos-
ton, and in New York, never have I received
any complimentary notice. I am indebted to
northern friends for all the little tributes of that
sort, for what I may be worth in their estimation
heretofore; seldom anything from any other
quarter, and I am very proud of it. If for any
sentiments of moderation, if for any desire to
speak truth and to ascertain truth, I am to be
classed with the Democratic party, be it so ;
and I think I shall do the Democratic party
no discredit by the association. If I can stand
it, they may. I hope there will be no com-
plaint on their part.
But we have the version here of Judge Loeh-
rane. This is a curious thing to be brought
here to be read to the Senate of the United
States upon an investigation as to the fitness
of a person to be admitted as a Senator. I
hold in my hand, sent here by a member of
the bar of the city of Savannah, a brief state-
ment of what did occur in the trial of Mr.
Blodgett. Let me first go back a moment.
In 1865 Mr. Blodgett, soon after the close of
the war, was appointed postmaster at Augusta,
Georgia. My recollection is that in the spring
of 1866 he was made mayor of Augusta, per-
haps a little later; he held the two offices at
one time, at all events. He did an adroit thing,
which was considered very adroit, with a poor,
impoverished, small city like Augusta, which
up to that time had enjoyed the services of her
ablest citizens as mayor for the sum of $2,000
a year. Suddenly the city councils there, dur-
ing Mr. Blodgett's mayoralty, raised the sal-
ary from $2,000 to $5,000. The salary of the
post office was $4,000, which together made a
sum annually of $9,000 salary. Pretty good.
But Augusta has since fallen back to the old
standard of $2,000, though she is better able to
pay the $5,000 now than she was then.
I said that I had a statement of The Uni-
ted States vs. Blodgett, " Horr. Justice Woods
and Judge Erskine presiding." This was the
case of The United States vs. Foster Blodgett,
before the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of Georgia, and I ask
legal gentlemen to pay sone attention to the
points made here, and I think legal minds will
criticise the decision that was made in this
case:
" This ease, on the criminal docket of said court,
came on for trial at said term on a 'true bill' from
the grand jury of said court, charging said Foster
Blodgett with the crime of perjury.
"The defendant was arraigned in court, and through
his counsel, A. O. Lochrane, esq., answered to the
indictment by the plea of' not guilty.' The United
States, by District Attorney Pope, offered in Evidence
a certified copy of the oath which the said Foster
Blodgett had taken as postmaster at Augusta, said
certified copy of said oath being the oath adminis-
tered to appointees of Post Office Department of the
United States, and in the following words, to wit;"
Here follow the words of the oath.
"The counsel for the defendant moved to quash the
indictment, and sustained his motion by arguing
that, under the statute laws of the United States, a
certified copy was not admissible as evidence on a
criminal indictment, but only the original paper
which the prisoner subscribed should be taken in
evidence.
"The district attorney stated in his place that the
original paper had been abstracted from the files of
the court and could not be placed in evidence; he
stated further that there was abundant collateral
evidence to support the indictment which was at his
command. The court ruled that in the absence of
the original oath, which the prisoner had subscribed,
a certified copy of the same was not admissible as
evidence on a criminal indictment, and theindict-
mentwas (juashed. The prisoner escaped conviction,
therefore, on a mere technicality of the law, and not
from a defense on the merits of his case."
That is a matter of opinion of the writer.
One fact I will state in connection with it.
This indictment was found, as I now recollect,
in 1867. It is copied into the trial of Andrew
Johnsonbefore the Senate of the United States.
I think it was found in 1867, according to the
certified copy which I have before me, but
which I will not encumber the record with. It
is in the first volume and near the close of the
first volume of the impeachment trial. It
was found at the fall term of 1867, if my recol-
lection serves me, and it lingered in the court
from that time until the fall of 1870. Six
terms of the court passed before it was dis-
posed of. At the term at which the indict-
ment was found, (November term, 1867,) on
account of the allegation of the defendant that
there were improper persons on the grand jury
who found the bill, he challenged the array
through his counsel, Joseph E. Brown, with
whom I have conversed about the matter. It
is a matter of public notoriety that he did that,
and moved to re-form that jury, there being
men upon it who could not take the test-oath.
The court yielded to that motion and a new
grand jury was impanneled, consisting chiefly
of northern men who had moved to Savannah,
and every one of whom could and did take the
test-oath, and upon their assembling they again
found this bill.
I will here state what I know in relation to
several of the authors of these affidavits. I
know John D. Butt to be as honorable a man
as there is in my acquaintance. I know Alex-
ander Phillip to be a blunt, honest, straight-
forward, outspoken man. I have known him
long and known him well. He is a man of
strong passions and prejudices, but I never
heard a word in my life against his truthful-
ness. I know Ker Boyce perfectly well. He
is a son of old Mr. Ker Boyce, the rich mer-
chant of Charleston, and a very worthy son at
that; a very conscientious and good man. I
know George W. Summers, formerly post-
master at Augusta, a man of most excellent
character, and so good a Union man that dur-
ing the war he was driven from Augusta and
had to take shelter in the northern States. I
know James P. Fleming and I know John
L. Moore. They are men of reputation. I
do not know personally William W. King and
James A. Bennett, who have made two of
these affidavits.
While on this subject I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the opinion of the Judi-
ciary Committee, lest it may have escaped some
members, in regard to the organization of the
Legislature by which Mr. Blodgett was elected,
or, to speak more properly, the reorganization
that took place under the act of 1869. The
committee say, in regard to excluding certain
members:
" The order excluding those who confessedly de-
clined to take the oaths was purely ministerial, and
may be regarded as in proper compliance with the
seventh section of the act."
They go on to excuse the general:
" It is due to the general in command to say that
the circumstances justify the committee in reporting
that his whole conduct in the affair was under the
sincere belief that he was acting within the limits
of his lawful authority," &c.
The committee then report, under the reso-
lution—
" That in the following respects the organization
of said Legislature has not been warranted by law :
" 1. In the control and direction of its proceedings
by Harris.
"2. In the exclusion from taking the oaths and
from seats of the three members-elect who offered
to swear in.
"3. In seating of thepersons nothavinga majority
of the votes of the electors."
I will not fatigue the Senate by going over
these documents. I call attention to another
fact; which is presented in the memorial of
Mr. Bryant, that may be a fact of some mate-
riality. It seems that this Legislature was
organized, the house on the 26th day of Jan
uary, 1870 ; I have the house journal before me
and the address of the speaker, who was sworn
in that day and the other officers were elected.
On the 31st of January the senate organized
and elected their officers, and on that day the
secretary of the senate informs the speaker
of the house of representatives that "he was
directed by the senate to inform the house
that the senate has been organized by the elec-
tion of Hon. Benjam in Connelly, senator-elect
from the eighteenth senatorial district, as
president, and J. D. W. Mills, of the county
of Fulton, as secretary, and is now ready to
proceed to business;" and he is also directed
by the senate to inform the house that a com-
mittee, consisting of, &c., "have been ap-
pointed to join such committee as may be
appointed by the house of representatives to
wait on the Governor," &c. The 1st day of
February, 1870, was Tuesday. Both of these
houses were organized, one on the 26th of
January, and the other on the 81st of Jan-
uary. Therefore, Tuesday being the 1st day
of February, Tuesday the 8th of February was
the second Tuesday after the organization. I
call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the Governor certifies Mr. Blodgett to
have been elected under the act of July, 18GG.
The Legislature by that act is required to pro-
ceed to the election on the second Tuesday
after the organization. In this case they did
not proceed until the 15th day of February,
which was the third Tuesday and not the
second Tuesday.
I present that point as one of fact, by no
means waiving the great fact to which I advert
that in the election of 1868 there was a great
contest, the most memorable one in Georgia,
in which Mr, Blodgett figured as the competitor
