308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. of Eeps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Maynard.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
southern man can look at them without delight.
He shows how the farms in the different States
engaged in the rebellion have, during the last
ten years, increased in number, the increase
ranging in the different States from two per
cent to nearly five hundred. He shows how
manufacturing establishments, establishments
of productive industry, have increased in vari-
ous ratios—one hundred and six per cent, in
our own State of Tennessee, and in other
States even more largely. I was much grat-
ified at hearing the Representative of the com-
merce, cultivation, &c., of the country [Mr.
Wood] allude to the fact that the last cotton
crop of the country, now fully gathered, is the
largest, except one or two, ever raised.
These are all things which give us hope and
confidence, which take away from us the feel-
ing of despondency and utter desolation of
heart which oppressed many, both North and
South, while the war was going on and even
for a time after it was brought to a close.
They do more. They demonstrate two things
which I wish every gentleman in the House and
out of the House to bear in mind. One is, that
the prosperity of the South, such as it was
before the war, did not depend upon slavery.
The other is that the negro as a laborer is even
more valuable in the South as a freeman than
he ever was or wouid have been as a slave.
They demonstrate still more, that our people
have abandoned a great deal of their false and
pernicious political economy which induced
them to discard manufactures and any kind of
labor excepting the production of raw material,
depending upon other parts of the world to
supply them with the means of subsistence and
to manufacture their raw materials and bring
them back made into fabrics for use. This is
cause for hope. It ought to give courage to
every thoughtful mind in this House to take
hold of these problems which still come up
from the close of tho war, with earnestness,
with seriousness, with resolution and a firm
purpose.
Now, while all this is so, there is a condi-
tion of things in the southern country—I do
not say all over the country, nor equally prev-
ahml, but in many and various portions of it—■
to call for our attention and relief. I shall
not take time to-day to go into an argument or
array any proofs to show that there is a state
of affairs in many portions of the South such
as to make unsafe life, liberty, and property;
that all men are not protected in the enjoy-
ment of their civil rights, much less their polit-
ical rights; that men belonging to either of
the three proscribed classes of " niggers,"
" carpet-baggers," and "scalawags" are in
many parts of the South insecure in the enjoy-
ment of both those great primordial rights.
Some wefckjj ago, near the close of the last
Congress, I prepaied a speech in relation to a
contested eleei.iou casein my Slate, the case
of Sheafe vs. Tillman, the election occurring in
the month of November, 1808, in the central
puitioii of the State, perhaps the most densely
populated as well as the most wealthy. That
speech has gone to the country, and those who
have taken the trouble to examine it have seen
the pioofs, taken under oath and on cross-
examination, showing the condition of things
at that time and in that part of Tennessee.
It is due to historic truth to say that after
the election, the election I mean which placed
General Grant in the Presidency, the election
of 1808, for six months following we had in
the State of Tennessee the most peaceful time
we have had there during the last ten years,
the most cheerful obedience to the law, acqui-
escence in the established order of things, and
a disposition to build up the material prosper-
ity and social well-being of the Slate. By
occurrences in the summer of 1889, already
often enough referred to, power passed from
the Republican party into the hands of their
opponents. They had an overwhelming ma-
jority in the Legislature, so great that in one
house the opposition was scarcely sufficient
for calling the yeas and nays, while in the
other there was but a single dissentient voice.
With the Legislature they had the whole polit-
ical power of the State. That Legislature was
itj session about four months, legislating as it
pleased them, when the Governor of the State
sent in a special message, saying that organized
crime was so prevalent in the State, and his
executive power had been so restricted, that
he was unable to suppress it. He appealed to
the Legislature to give him the requisite power
to do it. I beg leave to introduce several
extracts from the message :
"It is with profound regret X realize the necessity
of directing your attention to tho alarmingly fre-
quent violenco to the peace and dignity of tho State,
in the maltreatment and even atrocious murders of
her citizens, by persons generally roported in dis-
guise or unknown. Many of the State's citizens have
been outraged in their privileges and persons by
cruel indignities, not a few slain outright, without
charge ofbavingin anywiscoffcndedtheiaws, while
others under criminal charges have been forcibly
wrested from the custody of tho law and their blood
deliberately shed by bodies of men without tho least
shadow of authority. That these enormities can be
in our midst without the perpetrators, in a single
instanco, being even arrested to answer for their
lawlessatid criminal acts demonstrates the existence
of organizations on their part, not only dangerous
to tho individual citizen and adverso tij the publie
dignity, but formidable even to tho public peace and
safety." * * - * "The public misfor-
tune scorns not so much a want of] aw as lack of power
to enforce that we havo. That, in some instances,
tho poaee officers of a county should be under the
influence, or even in confederation with tho crim-
inals,or that tho body of its peoplo should bo pre-
vented by terror from coopera tion for their suppres-
sion. is not more marvelous than that such crimes,
in the most heinous form, should havo been so often
repeated ia this State with such universal impunity."
•i- * a: A sji ■■■ ,:i !.
"Surely, confession that the governing powers of
our State are impotent to remedy those hoinous out-
rages cannot bo reconciled with the proud claim that
wo enjoy the most perfect form of government yet
devised by the wisdom and experience of man."
H< ■  d* * if. -i. * + .j.
" Let overy citizen but fool that the arm of thelaw
in its power alike reachcs the strongest in his guilt
and protects the weakest in his innocence; thai 'in
his lying down and his going forth,' under its invin-
eiblo shield, ho is secure against all savo tho law,
and its absolutism can never bo felt by any as tyr-
anny; but so shall the Stato have honor abroad,
security at homo, and revcrenco in tho hearts ot
all its citizens." * * * * * * *
" Lot it be considered, in our political relations
and obligations, wo are but component, subject parts
of a groat, supreme Government, with purpose no bio
and lixed, to assuro protection for allegiance, to its
citizens in each part ot its wide domain, and that
its power is yet to be fathomed by opposition from
abroad or at home."
This message was communicated on the 2d
of February, 1870. Although the Legislature
was in session for weeks afterward, it utterly
failed to take any step in response to the Gov-
ernor's request. The Governor then made an
appeal to the President of the United States
to assist him by Federal authority. The Pres-
ident referred his application to the War De-
partment for the opinion of the Judge Advo-
cate General, who reported that, as the law
then stood, the President was powerless to give
relief; and the memorial was then referred by
him to the Committee on Reconstruction. The
memorial of the Governor bears date March 12,
1870, and is addressed to the President, as
follows;
"With conviction of my official right so to do under
the Constitution of the United Suites, J, as Exec-
utive of the State of Tennessee, most respectfully
submit to and through your Excellency to the
Government of the United States application that
the military forces Quartered in tbis State may be
placed at my disposal, as Executive, for the purpose
of cooperating, under my official orders, with the
civil authorities of the Stjte for the suppression
of domestic violence within its limits. Profoundly
realizing my official responsibility in the premises,
I icel that reasons other than solemn convictions of
duly on my pare should he afforded for this course
of action.
"These consist in the alarmingly frequent violence
to the peace and dignity of the Staic, in the mal-
treatment and even atrocious murders of her cit-
izens by persons generally reported in disguise or
unknown, and always in such force of numbers as to
successfully defy resistance by the ordinary civil
officers. Many of the State's citizens have been out-
raged in their privileges and persons by cruel indig-
nities, not a few slain outright without charge of
havingin any wise offended the laws, while others,
under criminal charges, have been forcibly wrested
from tho custody of the law and their blood delib-
erately shed by bodies of men without tho least
shadow of authority.
"Thus have the peace and security of citizens
been invaded, their lives wantonly taken, and the
State's high prerogative usurped; and though these
outrages have been not few nor far between, but
common, in one form or another, to a considerable
portion of the State, yet in not one single instance
has even an arrest been made, though the Executive
has faithfully applied his limited powers to bring
such offenders to j ustice. With these results, reason
compels the conclusion that such offenders are pro-
tected by an organization which, either by its force
of numbers, terrorism, or other means to be equally
regretted, is adequate to secure them against the
ordinary civil process and officers ofthc law.
"Having thus enumerated the evils for which rem-
edy is desired, it is proper to present fairly the con-
dition of the State government. And first, truth
demands the admission of both ability on my part to
convene the Legislature of the State, and full oppor-
tunity of knowledge on the part of the Legislature
mainly of all tho facts upon which I havo deemed it
a duty to make this application. In special message
of February 2 past (copy of which is transmitted
herewith) 1, as Executive, directed the attention of
that body to the frequency of these outrages in tho
State and the universal impunity which attended
their perpetration; but while the truth of the facts
therein stated was not disputed, executive sugges-
tion of remedies for these evils was unheeded, and
it was not doetned proper to provide any additional
means for their suppression. Thus is it demonstrated
that convening the Legislature would be without
practical results. It may be added, the present
Legislature considered it proper, speedily at er its
assembling, to repeal certain executive powers con-
ferred by previous legislation. Of them, that of
organizing State military force for the suppression
of domestic violence, and as, by the constitution of
Tennessee, the Executive may only apply laws which
are, I find my department, from want of means, im-
potent to afford adequate remedy for the evil indi-
cated."
The Judge Advocate General returned the
memorial indorsed with his opinion of the
executive power under the statutes:
"War Department,
Bureau of Military Justice,
March 21, 1870.
"Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War,
with the opinion that the applicatioii*of Governor
Senter cannot legally be complied with, and for the
following reasons:
"1. The request of the Governor, to cite his own
language, is, ' that the military forces quartered in
this State may bo placed at my disposal, as Execu-
tive, for the purpose of cooperating, under my olli-
ctal orders, with the civil authorities of the Stato
for the suppression of domestic violence within its
limits.' But by the existing law (acts of February
28,1793, and of March 3,1807) the military forces of
tho United States, when employed to suppress in-
surrection and to enforce the laws in a State, are to
bo employed by the President independently, and
under Ins exclusive direction and orders. It is the
President, and he alone, who, as the Executive of
the nation and Commander-m-Chief, is authorized
to make use ot the land or naval forces for the pur-
pose indicated ; and it is abundantly clear from the
language of the statutes that it could never have
been contemplated by Congress that such force should
bo placed at the dispotal or under the orders of the
Governor of a State. Governor Senter has thus im-
posed upon the furnishing of the aid of the militaiy
in this instance a condition which cannot legally bo
complied with by the Piesident of the United Suites.
"2. The Governor announces in his communica-
tion that 'truth demands the admission of both abil-
ity on my part to convene the Legislature of the
State, and full opportunity of knowledge on the part
of the Legislature mainly of all the facts upon which
I have deemed it a duty to make this application.'
But tne acts icferred to authorize the employment
of United States troops on the application of the Ex-
ecutive of a State only ' when the Legislature cannot
be convened;' and here it is declared in the fullest
manner that the Legislature can be convened, and
moreover, that if convened it would assemble with
the information and intelligence proper for compre-
hending the situation which has led to the present
requisition. It is clear that the interposition of the
General Government, through its military officers,
in the affairs oi a State threatened with insurrec-
tion can bo accorded only in the manner audfoim
pointed out in tho law; and it is evident that it was
intended by the law that the initiative, in applying
for the benefit of the enactments, should be taken
by the Legislature in every instance, except where,
not being m session, it was legally impracticable to
convene it at the time. Inasmuch as it is admitted
by Governor Senter that the Legislature of Tennes-
see can be assembled without delay, it follows that
