'310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. op Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Maynarcl.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
edge of Rutherford county, with its Republican
vote limited in extent, that there are very few
Republican constablesor sheriffs in that county.
Mr. BRIGHT. Another question ; and par-
don me for trespassing on your time. I ask
you whether the negro who shot the man was
not arraigned, tried, and acquitted?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly he was. My
colleague does not refer to it, I-hope, as though
it was something very astonishing or very re-
markable. But, as I understand the facts,
no attempt was made by the local officers to
arrest the aggressors. And it was only when
the Federal authorities went there, under our
law of last summer, to enforce the fourteenth
amendment, that they were arrested and bound
over to answer for tlieir crime.
But this is leading me off from my argument.
I referred to it only by way of answering the
question put to me by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] And I will refer the
gentleman to the testimony taken in the North
Carolina investigation, cited yesterday by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.J
It will be found by refereuce to that testimony
that parties belonging to the organization speak
of their obligation to testify as witnesses in
behalf of their associates, and to serve them
as jurors when sitting upon their trial.
1 was proceeding to hurriedly run over the
principal features of this bill, and I ask the
attention of the House while I do so, in order
that members may see whether there is any-
thing, and if so what it exactly is, in the bill
which is objectionable. The first section pro-
vides—
That any person who, under color of any law,
statuto, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of
any Stale, shall subject, or oauseto be subjected, any
person within the jurisdiction of the United States to
the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immuni-
ties securcd by the Constitution ot the United States,
shall, any such law, statute, ordinance, regulation,
custom, or usage of the State to the contrary not-
withstanding, bo liablo to the parly injured in an
action at law, suit in equity, or other proper pro-
ceeding for redress.
l'ray, tell me who objects to that? I sup-
ptre there is not much objection to it, from
the fact that so far there has been very little
said about it. It simply declares in substance
that whoever interferes with the rights and
immunities granted to the citizen by the Con-
stitution of the United States, though it may
be done under State Jaw or State regulation,
shall not be exempt from responsibility to the
party injured when he brings suit for redress
either at law or in equity.
But lot ns go on a little further. The second
section provides—
That if two ormoro persons shall, within the limits
ofany State, band, conspire, or combine together to
do any act in violation of the rights, privileges, or
immunities of any person, to which ho is entitled
under the Constitution and laws of tho United States,
which, committed within a place under the solo and
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, would,
under any law of the United States then in force,
constitute the crime of either murder, manslaughter,
mayhem, robbery, assault and battery, peijury, sub-
ornation of perjury, criminal obstruction of legal
process, orrcsistanee of ollicers in dischargo of official
duty, arson, or larceny; and if one or more of tlie
parties to said conspiracy or combination shall do
any act to effect the object thereof, all the parties
to or engaged in said conspiracy or combination,
whether principals or accessories, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and, upon conviction thereof,
shall be liablo to a penalty of not exceeding $10,000
or to imprisonmcntnot exceeding ten years, or both,
at the discretion of the court.
I should not deem it necessary to do more
than read this provision if we Lad not been
told that it proposes to punish men for assault
and battery, for larceny, and other crimes, over
which, when committed within the limits of
a State, it is supposed the courts of the United
States can have no jurisdiction. That is not
the substance of the provision. The offense
against which it is directed is the conspiring
atid combining together to do these things, and
then partially or wholly carrying them into
execution. It is the conspiracy, the wicked
and unholy combination which constitutes the
crime and is to be punished.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Tf it will not
interrupt the gentleman, I should be very glad
if he would state to the House what are the
" rights,privileges, or immunities" alluded to
in the second section, against which the con-
spiracy must be leveled in order to bring it
within the purview of the section.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose it embraces all
privileges and immunities secured by the Con-
stitution ; for example, those guarantied by
the constitutional provision I have just cited,
securing to citizens of each State "all privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States.'' It would include also the right of voting
secured by the fifteenth amendment; it would
include any of the personal rights which the
Constitution guaranties to the citizen—freedom
of speech, of the press; in religion, in house,
papers, and effects; from arrest without war-
rant, from being twice put in jeopardy for
the same offense ; indeed, every personal right
enumerated in the Constitution. Under this
section I hold that if a body of men conspire
to drive out all the northern men, all the
"Yankees," all the "carpet-baggers" from
the community, their offense comes within the
condemnation of this provision. If they com-
bine to prevent the colored men from voting,
the case is the same. If they combine to pre-
vent men from voting the Republican ticket,
the provision meets that case. And in this
connection let me say that this Congress will
be recreant to its duty if it stops short of mak-
ingitjustas safe anywhere in the country to
vote the Republican ticket as it is to vote the
Democratic ticket.
Now, it is very remarkable that all the efforts
which have been made to preserve the purity
of the ballot-box, to secure the right of suf-
frage, to prevent any interference with it by
fraud or violence, have come from this side
of the House, while all the resistance to those
efforts has come from the other. This fact
of itself should and will make the country
pause and inquire, " Why is it that one side
is seeking an honest ballot and the other is
interposing every possible objection to every
law, regulation, or restriction directed to that
end?"
Then we come to the third section of the
bill, which provides—
I'hatin all cases wheroinsurrection,domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in any
State shall so far obstruct, or hinder the execution
of the laws thcieof as to deprive any portion or class
of the peoplo of such Sta,te ol'any of the rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities named in and secured by this
act, and the constituted authorities of such State
shall either be unable to, or shall, from any cause,
fail in or refuse protection of tho people in sueli
rights, and shall fail or neglect, through the proper
aul horitics, to apply to the President of the United
Stales for aid in that behalf, such l'aets shall be
deemed a denial by such State of the equal protec-
tion of the laws to which they are entitled under the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Constitution
of tho United States.
I ask, is there any gentleman in this House
who is prepared to gainsay or deny the validity
of that proposition? If these things are done
as is declared here, is any gentleman prepared
to maintain here and now that it is not a denial
by a State of equal protection under the law ?
If that is so, then it provides—
And in all sueh cases it shall be lawful for the
President., and it shall be his duty, to take sueh
measures, by tho employment of tho militia or the
land and naval forces of tho United States, or of
either, or by other means as he may deem neces-
sary for the suppression of such insurrection, domes-
tic violence, or combinations; and any person who
shall be arrested under the provisions of this and the
preceding section shall be delivered to the marshal of
the proper district to be dealt with according to law.
Who will assort that the remedy here pre-
scribed does not logically follow the wrong?
Then the fourth section, which perhaps has
called forth the most animadversion, provides
that—
Whenever in any State or part of a State tho
unlawful combinations named in the preceding sec-
tion of this act shall be organized and armed, and
so numerous and powerful as to be able, by violence,
to either overthroworsetatdefiancethc constituted
authorities of sueh State, or when the constituted
authorities are in complicity with, or shall connive at
the unlawful purposes of, such powerful arid armed
combinations; and whenever, by reason of either or
all of the causes aforesaid, the conviction of such
offenders and the preservation of tho public satety
shall become in suoh district impracticable, in every
such case such combinations shall bo deemed a re-
bellion againsttheGovernmentof tho United States.
And I repeat the same question to gentle-
men here: is any one prepared to say that
such exhibitions of lawlessness do not consti-
tute rebellion? We were told awhile ago that
the Constitution had something to say defining
rebellion. Tho Constitution speaks of rebel-
lion, but it was not deemed necessary by tho
fratners of that instrument to define it. Here
is a definition of the term "rebellion," not the
only definition, but still a definition of one state
of things which constitutes rebellion against
the Government; and I challenge any fair-
minded lawyer or any other to controvert that
this is a fair interpretation of that term. In
case rebellion exists, as so indicated, then—
During the continuance of such , rebellion, and
within the limits of tho district which shall be so
under the sway thereof, suoh limits to be prescribed
by proclamation, it shall be lawful for the President
of the United States, when ill his judgment the pub-
lic safoty shall require it, to suspend the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpm.
This last provision, however, remains in
force only until the 1st day of June, 1872.
My friend from New York [Mr. Bnooics]
protests against the universality of this law.
He says there are several of the southern States
in which it is alleged there are disorders and
yet this law is general. And why not? When-
ever any State, I submit, whether Massachu-
setts, Ohio, or Mississippi, cannot by reason
of rebellion enforce its laws as contemplated
by the Constitution, then power ought to exist
somewhere to put it down. It is true that at
the time of the whisky rebellion, when Gen-
eral Washington sent his message to this House
declaring its existence and asking to be clothed
with power to suppress it, Congress thought
proper in passing the law for that purpose -to
limit his power to the four western counties of
Pennsylvania, but they might have extended it
to all the counties, and to all the States if they
had chosen to do so.
This bill, like every other measure which
has been proposed for the suppression of tho
rebellion, is assailed 011 constitutional grounds
and the alleged want of power in Congress to
pass it. I have listened to this constitutional
argument for ten years, so that it has become
somewhat familiar. As I have said, there never
was a proposition contemplating the suppres-
sion of the rebellion or keeping it down which
was not assailed by the other side of the House
as being in violation of the Constitution. Wo
have heard precisely the same argumentsurged
that we have heard against this bill to-day,
yesterday, and the day before, and are yet to
hear to-morrow and the next day. I will not
go over the ground, especially as the gentleman
who opened the debate dwelt upon it with
much force in the discussion. He carried it
as far as it was necessary to. go. With his per-
mission, I will refer to one constitutional pro-
vision of which he made excellent use, since it
is in the line of my argument. So happy was
our Government during the first seventy years,
so general the attachment and devotion to it,
there was very seldom any occasion to invoke
its high powers, its commanding authority.
There was, perhaps, only one question which
ever called into play what might be called its
