1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
42d Gong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
vigorous features, and that was the institution
of slavery. Slavery existed over a section,
in territorial extent perhaps more than a half
of the country; estimated by population and
wealth, perhaps something less. It was very
much fostered and carefully protected where
it existed. In the other parts of the country
it was exceedingly unpopular; to the moral
sentiments of many people odious.
That state of things existed for years. We
all recollect the impatience exhibited because
of the protection to slavery uniformly afforded
by the General Government under the Consti-
tution. Federal authority was invoked from
the beginning of the Government until the be-
ginning of the war to assist in the recapture
and return of fugitive slaves. So effectually
had it been done that Mr. Buchanan, in his
last annual message, congratulated the country
that there had not been a single instance under
his administration where the laws for that pur-
pose had not been executed. And even after
Mr. Lincoln came in, during the few weeks
that elapsed between his inauguration and the
opening of the war by firing upon Fort Sum-
ter, one instance at least occurred—and prob-
ably there were more—in which, under his
administration, the fugitive slave law of 1850
was executed. All this exercise of power de-
pended upon a short, a very short article in
the Constitution. It is as follows:
"So person held to service or labor in one State
under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall
in qonsequenee of any law or regulation therein be
discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due."
This clause came under discussion before
"the Supreme Court in 1842, in the case of
Prigg us. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
The court held that under this provision of
the Constitution it was the duty of the Federal
Government actively to interfere and return
the fugitive to his owner, and that the Federal
Government had the sole and exclusive power
of doing it. The first proposition was unani-
mous. From the latter several of the judges
dissented, holding that the State might inter-
pose and assist the Federal Government in
executing this part of the Constitution. I
invite the attention of the House.to a single
paragraph in the opinion of Judge Story, who
announced the decision of the court. It will
be found in 10 Peters, at page Glo. He says :
"If indeed the Constitution guaranties the
right"—
That is, the right to enforce the delivery of
the fugitive slave—
" If indeed the Constitution guarantees the richt,
and if it requires the delivery upon the claim of the
owner, as cannot well be doubted, the natural in-
ference certainly is that the national government is
' clothed with tlxe appropriate authority and functions
to enforeeit. The fundamental principle applica-
ble to all eases of this sort would seem to be that
where the end is required the meons are yioen, and
■where the duty is enjoined the ability to perform it is
contemplated to exif>t on the part of the functionaries to
whom it is intrusted
Upon that principle, so enunciated by the
eminent jurist, declaring the effect of the short
paragraph in the Constitution, depended for
seventy years the largest property that was
held in the United States ; at the close of that
period property in four million human beings,
representing $4,000,000,000; property that was
held more securely than any other property of
any kind, held so securely that the Superin-
tendent of the Eighth Census declared in his
report that theloss by fugitive slaves,^ one year
with another, throughout the entire South, did
not equal the daily loss by fluctuation in stocks
bought and sold in Wall street. There never
was such an execution of law. It was well-
nigh absolute and complete.
' Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 am reminded,
by the allusion cf the gentleman to the Prigg
case, of a later case, of Jones vs. Yan Zandt,
where every point to which the gentleman has
alluded, in the case he has cited, was again
passed upon by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the opiuion of Judge Wood-
bury, where he says that every provision of the
Federal Constitution it is the duty of Congress
to enforce by legislation, using that very word,
and that that is just as applicable in a case
where the power is not express as where it is,
it being a provision of the Federal Constitution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I preferred, Mr. Speaker,
to limit my citation to an early opinion of the
Supreme Court, given before slavery as apolit-
ical question had been supposed to enter into
the considerations of that high tribunal. And
I did so, not for the purpose of reaching gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House, but
for the purpose of calling the attention of some
of our friends on this side, that they might
understand how this portion of the Constitu-
tion was construed long anterior to the time
when these political topics were agitated, and
when the decisions of the Supreme Court,
whether rightly or otherwise, had lost, at least
in the estimation of some of our friends, a
portion of their former controlling authority.
I have here before me the fugitive slave law
of 1850, enacted subsequently to the decision
in the Prigg case. I will not now read it, but
I will ask gentlemen to again recur to the penal
sections of that law. They will there find the
most effective, the most stringent penal legis-
lation to be found upon our statute-books,
making even the secreting, the concealing, the
conniving at the escape of a fugitive slave an
offense. And we know historically, and as
matter of fact, that there were not wanting
instances in which those provisions were en-
forced; that men languished in prison month
after month for violating this law enacted by
Congress, and again and again declared by the
courts to be constitutional.
Now, I ask gentlemen on this side of the
House—for I am well aware that an appeal to
the other side would be vain ; political neces-
sity would compel them to, reject any such
appeal; I ask gentlemen on this side of the
House whether a provision of the Constitu-
tion (I refer to the oft-quoted first section of
the fourteenth article of amendments) that was
intended to be in the interest of freedom, in
the interest of personal security, in the inter-
est of equal civil and political rights—whether
such a provision does not carry with it the
same power of self-enforcement that the other
provision did, which, to say the least of it, to
put it in the mildest form, was intended in
the interest merely of property?
It is admitted that the Government has power
to protect its mails, has power to protect its
coins, has power to protect its collectors ot
revenue, has power to protect its customs offi-
cers; all this may be done. But it is^ con-
tended that for the protection of the citizen
in the enjoyment of his highest and best and
dearest rights—rights secured under the Con-
stitution; rights anterior to the Constitution
and above all constitutions: rights as old and
as broad as humanity, the rights of life and
liberty, of speech and opinion; the right to go
unchallenged from State to State, wherever
interest, inclination, or caprice may take him—
he is dependent upon the good or the ill will of
the local community in which he may happen
Something has been said to the effect that
individual safety and security is best protected
by the American people. That is all true; 1
concede it in its lai'gest, sense. But, in a lim-
ited and narrower sense, the, unpopular man,
the man who entertains odious sentiments,
the man whose religion, it may be, is at vari-
ance with the common belief, the man whose
political views do not accord with the generally
received opinions of the community in which
he resides, finds his personal security very
often in peril from the ebullitions of passion
and the gusts of anger which agitate his im-
mediate neighbors, and which are not regulated
or influenced by the wider and broader opin-
ions that obtain elsewhere in the land and
among the whole people.
It was because of this local animosity, to
which all are some time or other exposed, that
this provision was put into the fourteenth article
of amendments. They who framed that amend-
ment—1 might say we who framed it, for many
of us here were engaged in it—enacted it to
meet an emergency precisely of this kind.
I have alluded to the case of the northern man
in some portions of the South. We were told
on yesterday by the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Dox] that in his State the northern man
was secure; that he was not called in question
there by reason of his origin, or the part of
the country from which he came. I was glad
to hear it; I would be still more gratified if I
could believe it, not only of his district, but of
the entire South. And in saying this I do not
wish to be understood as making the slightest,
imputation upon the gentleman who stated, I
have no doubt candidly, what he thought to be
true, and what he has evidence to establish.
I certainly hope he is not mistaken. But in
giving testimony on such subjects there are
two classes of witnesses, either one of which,
if listened to alone, will certainly mislead. One
class are they who knowingly and intentionally
and purposely pervert the truth; the other class
are they who do not tell the truth simply because,
they do not know it. '
There are gentlemen in the South, men whom,
I respect and who are entitled to the respect i
of all, who, if they are appealed to, will tell you'
that there is a general state of quiet and liar- <
mony and peace in their communities. They '
see nothing else; these outrages that so shock (
us are never committed in their presence ; they,
never see them; they never engage in them. I
They would frown upon them if they were|
appealed to to give them their sanction, and the
perpetrators never lend them their confidence.
So they know nothing by information on that
side. The victims of these outrages never go to |
them, because they are apprehensive that they !
would receive no sympathy; so they hear noth- j
ing from the other side. And they live along, {
good, easy-gomg, honest, unsuspecting men, in
the midst of this condition of things, as igno-
rant of it as it is sometimes possible for men
to be of a great deal that goes on unsuspected
and unobserved in the midst of their own fami-
lies. Why, sir, they are that trusting, confid-
ing, credulous class of people, of whom we
always had a great many, who would tell you
with the greatest faith in the world that their
"niggers," as they called them, would not
have their liberty if they could. You could
not get them to take it; they would not have
it as a boon. This was the general statement
before the war and during the war. Although
these men would declaim generally against the
bad faith and bad conduct of the slaves, they
would tell you that ''the Yankees might do
what they pleased with theirs, they would never
get them to leave them; they would not follow
the Federal Army, nor would they reveal any
family secrcts or disclose the places ot con-
cealment where goods were hidden to keep
them from the Yankee marauders. ihey
were most profoundly astonished when the
blue wagons came uiong to find that their own
trusted slaves were the very ones to point out
supplies.
Such things are so familiar a* to excite no
surprise. This class of people.do not know,
I have no idea that they appreciate, the via-
