312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Burchard.
42d Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
lence, the marauding, the whippings, the mur-
ders, the secret midnight gatherings of which
we have heard so much, and of which the
testimony is so full. Hence, when they come
here they tell us in the best of faith that every
thing around them is perfectly peaceful and
quiet.
Mr. DOX. As the gentleman has alluded
, to me, and has referred to my unsophisticated-
' ness, my disposition not to observe whatis going
on, I hope he will permit me to say, and will
accept my statement as that of a gentleman
whose veracity he cannot doubt, that I have
never seen the slave who would not take his
freedom. I will say, further, that I was one
of those who, in 1857, made provision for the
manumission of their slaves and for their sup-
port after manumission. I claim to be as
observant of what is going on a3 the gentleman
from Tennessee; and so far as my district is
concerned, I refer to men of all parties as to
whether I am likely to have cognizance of
facts occurring in my portion of the State.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 am very glad to hear
these statements of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Dox.] They do him infinite credit.
1 understood him yesterday to speak, not from
personal knowledge, but from information.
Of course there is much of which he cannot
speak from personal knowledge.
Mr. DOX. Does the gentleman speak from
personal knowledge when he makes these
charges against the people of the South or of
his own State? As 1 understand, he does not
speak from personal knowledge.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have attempted, Mr.
Speaker—and L see no occasion for any exhi-
bition of feeling—I have attempted to array
the proofs and give my sources of informa-
tion, or at least to refer to them; and if I have
not succeeded in doing so I have been very
unfortunate. Of course I do not speak from
personal knowledge; for, as is well known,
the people through my own immediate region
never went into the rebellion. The overwhelm-
ing majority of 13ast Tennessee remained stead-
fast in their loyalty fiom the beginning. As a
consequence, she has never been troubled with
Ku Ivtux nor any similar characters. Her
borders are as quiet and her laws as well en-
forced as in any part of the country. Her
misfortune is, to be controlled by influences
outside her own limits. The Union is peace,
and its friends are peaceful at all times and
everywhere.
What 1 wished to say was that although the
gentleman no doubt spoke candidly when he
told us yesterday that a northern man was in
every partof his State perfectly secure, whether
he voted the Republican or the Democratic
ticket, whether he was a Radical or a Con-
servative 
Mr. DOX. I beg the gentleman's pardon
for interrupting him again. There is no undue
feeling oil my part; but the question put by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kbl-
let] was whether men going with capital into
the South would be safe. I answered that
capital invested there would be safe, would be
protected; that immigration from the North
would be encouraged.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentleman
did not mean a mere play upon words; he did
not mean to say that the capital would be safe
because securely invested.
Mr. DOX. No; I meant that men going
there with capital would be safe.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I suppose the gentleman
meant to be understood as saying that any
northern man who went down there to settle,
whether he was a Republican or a Democrat,
a Radical or a Conservative, would be just as
secure in all his rights of person and property
as a man born there. I understood his answer
to include all that. If he meant anything less
than this, if he meant to say that rich men
going there would be kindly received and well
treated, while men without means would not
be; if he meant to make any reservations or
restrictions upon his statement, I did not so
understand him.
Mr. DOX. I never have any reservations
in making my statements. My answer was
distinct and explicit, and was intended to be
understood according to its obvious purport.
Mr. MAYNARD. So I understood; and I
was proceeding to remark that the gentleman
must speak from evidence and not from per-
sonal knowledge. I also have a right to speak
from evidence concerning the condition of
affairs in our common section of the country.
Without further elaboration, it is enough to
say that if human testimony can prove any-
thing it proves that there are parts of the
South, and not a few, where freedom of speech
and of opinion is not tolerated, where civil
and political rights are not secure, where lib-
erty and life are not safe.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. II. 0. BURCHARD,
01? ILLINOIS,
In the House op Representatives,
April 6, 1871.
Tho IIouso having under consideration tho bill
(II. 11. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. BURCIIARD said:
Mr. Speaker : The official investigation made
by a committee of the Senate, and published
since this Congress convened, has disclosed to
us that in portions of the Union secret organ-
izations exist, banded together to prevent the
free exercise of civil and political rights.
Through their agency the lives and persons
of political opponents are doomed to violence
and outrage and the perpetrators of the crime
screened from detection and punishment.
Where they have sprung up life is insecure
and murder goes unpunished. The victims
of their hate, bruised and maimed for life,
abandoning home and possessions, are com-
pelled to flee in terror to other regions for
safety.
The civil authorities are unable or unwilling
to repress these outrages. Lawless violence
and widespread terrorism prevent the main-
tenance of order and interrupt the adminis-
tration of impartial justice through the courts.
Secret,oath-bound conspiracies deny the equal
enjoyment of the inherent rights belonging to
citizens of the United States. Assaults, beat-
ings, mayhems, and murders are secretly
planned and swiftly and surely executed in
obedience to their edicts. The existence of
such organizations is admitted, the fact is
patent, the proof incontrovertible. Their acts
attest their character and object; their oaths
reveal their aim and design.
Fifty-two witnesses were examined by the
Senate committee, twenty-nine of them Repub-
licans and twenty-three Democrats, amongthe
latter six who acknowledge that they had been
members of the Ku Klux Kian under its dif-
ferent names. No man can read the testi-
mony and doubt the existence, origin, unlaw-
ful purpose, and unhallowed deeds of these
organizations and conspiracies.
If any legislation can be devised by means
of which it will be possible to restore peace
and order to those sections of the country dis-
tracted by these terrible outrages, every lover
of his country should give the measure his
cordial and earnest support, unless greater
evils may result from its enactment. I, for
one, am willing to exercise the powers we have
for the protection of life and public order to
the fullest extent. In a matter of doubt I am
ready to go to the extreme verge of fair con-
struction that will justify Federal intervention.
Before deciding, however, it will be well to
examine carefully our constitutional power to
act, and the existing legislation touching upon
this subject.
existing legislation.
The attention of Congresshas hereto fore been
called to these disorders, and in the enforce-
ment act of May, 187Q, two sections were
inserted on the motion of Senator Pool, of
North Carolina, designed to repress and punish
these acts of lawlessness incited to prevent the
enjoyment of constitutional, civil, and political
rights.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabau-
cer] said in his able argument that a doubt
had been expressed whether sections six and
seven of that act did not apply solely to con-
spiracies to prevent the enjoyment of the right
to vote or hold office, and not to violations of
the rights secured by the fourteenth article of
amendments. Subsequent sections, however,
clearly relate to other civil rights. Those sec-
tions not only provide for the punishment of
conspiracies formed with intent to violate any
provisions of that act, but to those designed to
prevent or hinder the free exercise and enjoy-
ment of any right or privilege granted or
secured by the Constitution or laws of the Uni-
ted States. Language need not be broader or
more specific.
Section thirteen provides:
" It shall bo lawful for the President of the United
Stales to employ such part of the laud or naval forces
of the United States or of the militia as shall bo
necessary to aid in the execution of judicial process
issued under this act."
Sections sixteen and seventeen contain the
substantial features of the civil rights bill, spe-
cifying particular rights which shall be secured
and equally enjoyed and the punishment foi
thch- infraction under color of State or other
authority. But as if to make the law more
complete, certain, and general, in section eight-
een it specifically reenacts the civil rights bill
itself. If tfiese enactments have been found
inadequate I shall gladly vote for any consti-
tutional provision to give them greater effi-
ciency. If, in the description of the offense
made or degree of punishment, method, place,
or form of judicial investigation, greater cer-
tainty for the redress of these wrongs can be
secured, this Congress ought to supply the
defects in previous legislation.
The continuance of disorder, however, may
not have resulted wholly from the insufficiency
of this legislation. Law is designed to be a ter-
ror to evil-doers, as well as to provide retribu-
tion for transgression. Its prohibitions are pow-
erless without their enforcement. Detection,
indictment, conviction, sentence, and punish-
ment must follow the commission of crime
before the statute exerts its full salutary effect
in protecting the rights of the citizen. Knowl-
edge of the law, its penalties, and of the cer-
tainty of punishment must come to the com-
munity, The statute passed in May, 1870,
was then deemed, and would now seem, ample
in its provisions and penalties for the punish-
ment and ultimate repression of these crimes.
Has there been time to test its sufficiency for
this purpose ?
Hon. G. W. Brooks, a United States district
judge, whose district embraces the whole State
of North Carolina, testified before the Senate
committee that as yet there had been no cases
in the Federal courts involving the questions
of these outrages. He says, on page 275 com-
mittee's report:
"The first cases of that character I have reason
