550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
that it was not the Legislature chosen next
before the vacancy happened, and therefore
by the very terms of the act of Congress it had
no more jurisdiction to elect Blodgett than
had the Legislature of Ohio to elect him.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
appear to understand my point, and I certainly
do not see his. I must beg his pardon; I think
he is too good a lawyer not to see that the
cases are entirely analogous. What is the rea-
son that has been assigned here why we should
not regard this as a prima facie case? Be-
cause it might be determined by a question of
law; because it did not involve a question of
fact, but a question of law, and that the Senate
ought to determine that question of law. It
was stated here that it was a question of public
history and of law and that there was no occa-
sion for investigation about it. It being a
question of law appearing upon the face of the
papers, it was alleged that we were bound to
take notice of that law; we were bound to take
notice of the acts and doings of the Legislature
- of Georgia, and it was not a prima facie case
to be acted upon while we were investigating
the questions of law.
I say that the main question in the case of
Potter against Bobbins was a question of law.
That is the point. It isnotwhethertheyarethe
same questions of law. The Senator says the
case of Goldthwaite presents a question of
fact, not of law; that in his case you have got
to call witnesses, and therefore we must re-
ceive him prima facie; that the case of Blod-
gett presents a question of law which can be
determined by lawyers at once; that we know
nil about it, and therefore we should determ-
ine it at once. I say the uniform practice has
been, pending the investigation of all case,
where the objection was not personal to the
applicant, where the objection was not of the
capacity of the State—whether it was a ques-
tion of law to be examined or a question of
fact made no difference—to receive the appli-
cant. If Goldthwaite is received, there is no
rule of practice of this body that will admit
Goldthwaite and not admit Blodgett. The
objection to Rlodgeit is aq.iestion of both fact
and law. There are a good many facts that
might have a bearing upon it. I should think
there were by the discussion that has been in-
dulged in by the Senator from Georgia to-day,
if it was relevant to this case. Then itwill be
admitted that it is a question of law, and before
Senators decide this question of law against
Blodgett L want them to examine something
of the law.
While I do not propose to go into this dis-
cussion at length, while I do not believe that
the committee or any member of it has any
right to do so, while I think it is in violation
of the whole understanding when we determ-
ined to ask the opinion of the Senate to go into
a detailed argument of this case, yet, inasmuch
as the question has been argued somewhat on
its merits, I must say a word or two about the
case of Mr. Blodgett. Let us see if it does not
present a tair question of law; a question of
law upon which the wisest lawyers may differ,
and iu which I believe the law is in favor of
Blodgett. I shall not go into any details about
it. The main question is whether the body
that elected him was the proper Legislature to
elect a Senator. The other little details are
questions of fact. Now, f want to examine
that point for one moment, and I call the
special attention of the Senate to that point
lo see if it is not grave indeed.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for benators anil .Representatives shallbe pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any tune by law mako or alter
such regulations, except as to the plaoe of choosing
Senators."
Congress may alter the regulations as to the
time and manner. Then there is another pro-
vision of the Constitution 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Willths senator allow
me to interrupt him long enough to have the
credentials read in my case, the reading of
which was asked for by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who wanted to get the form of
them.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like very much
to hear them read that we may see what the
difference is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Saw-
yer.) Does the Senator from Nevada yield
1'or that purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is merely to show the
difference. It will be found that the creden-
tials certify that the Legislature elected.
Mr. STEWART. It breaks up the argu-
ment that I was trying to make; but I will
allow them to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State op Illinois.
To the President of the Senate of the United States :
I, Richard I. Oslesb'y, (Jovernorof theState of Illi-
nois, do hereby certify that on the second Tuesday
after the meeting and organization of the twenty-
fifth General Assembly of the State of Illinois, which
body met and was organized on Monday, the 7th day
of January, A. D. 1867, each house did openly, by a
viva voce vote of each member present, name Hon.
Lyman Tkumbull for Senator in Congress from said
State, who did receive a majority of the whole num-
ber of votes cast in each house for Senator in Con-
gress from said State. And that at twelve o'clock
meridian of the day following the members of the
two houses did convene in joint assembly, and the
journals of each house were then read, and it ap-
peared that Hon. Lyman Tkombull had received a
majority of all the votes in each house, and was de-
clared duly elected Senator to represent the State of
Illinois in the Congress of the United States for the
term of six years from the 4th day of March, A. D.
18(57.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the great seal of the State of Illinois to
be affixed.
Done at Springfield, this 6th day of February, A.
D. 1867.
rT „ -, RICHARD I. OGLESBY,
LL" S"J Governor.
By the Governor:
SHARON TINDALE,
Secretary of State.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, if the Senator from
Nevada will allow me, I should like to know
what the difference is between this certificate
and the one presented by the gentleman from
Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like to be inter-
rupted in this way in the midst of a speech.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not interfere with
the Senator. I only desire to say that the law
drawn by the Senator from Illinois himself
prescribed the mode and manner by which only
a Senator could be elected and sent here and
receive his seat when he came here. The cer-
tificate of Mr. Blodgett says that he was elected
according to the law, the very law that was
written by the Senator from Illinois. The only
difference is, that in the case of the credentials
of the Senator from Illinois a great many more
words are used. I think a man of ordinary
sense would have written just such a certificate
as Mr. Blodgett brings here. It contains the
substance and all that any law could require
upon this question. .In the case of the creden-
tials of the Senator from Illinois, they go on
to state that both houses inet. I believe they
do not say the Legislature met, but that both
houses met.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And then went into
joint assembly.
Mr. CAMERON. That they met after the
organization of the twenty-fifth General As-
sembly. I suppose if I had been stating the
fact I should have written it pretty much as
it came from Georgia, while the Senator from
Illinois, being a lawyer and much more capa-
ble of using the proper words, would have
made use of all the words to be found in his
credentials. But there is not a word there
more than there is in the other which gives a
bit more strength to the certificate than the
one that was first read of the Senator from
Georgia. That is a hypercriticism which I do
not think great men usually use.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to call the Sen-
ator's attention to what the certificate is. I
will read the certificate of Mr. Blodgett:
"This is to certify that Hon. Foster Blodgett was
duly elected, in accordance with an act of Congress
to regulate the times and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators in Congress, approved July 25,
1866, a Senator for the term beginning with the 4th
day of March, 1871."
The act of Congress referred to here shows
that the election is to be by the Legislature,
and tells how the Legislature is to elect, and
the declaration is that he was elected in ac-
cordance with the provisions of this act of
Congress. I submit to the Senator from Illi-
nois that that is quite satisfactory.
Mr. STEWART. I was about calling atten-
tion to the main question in this case. I do
not suppose any Senator is going to bother
about the form of the certificate. I suppose
that is too small a point to occupy the atten-
tion of anybody for any great length of time.
But I was calling attention to the main ques-
tion in the case, that we want a decision
whether it is so dear that it does not amount
to a prima facie case; whether it is so clear
that there is no chance for a difference of
opinion. The Constitution of the United
States provides that—
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof."
But it reserves to Congress the right to alter
those regulations as to time and manner, but
not as to place. Iwasgoingon to say thatthe
alteration made in the time and manner must
not be such as will deprive the State altogether
of representation. The power to change the
time and manner means that they shall be
changed in harmony with the rest of the Con-
stitution, or it is an unlimited delegation of
power to Congress to fix the time of electing a
Senator ten years hence and to deprive a State
in the mean time of representation. There is
either a limit upon this power or there is no
limit upon it. I say the power to change the
time of election is either limited by the resi-
due of the Constitution, or it is an unlimited
power to Congress, and they may fix the time
for electing a Senator from Massachusetts fifty
years hence and deprive the State for all that
time of representation. The power to fix the
time of the election of Senators, if an unlim-
ited power, is a power in Congress to deny
to a State the right of representation at all,
because it may fix the time so remote as to
amount to a denial of representation.
I think all will concur that it is a limited
power; that it is limited between reasonable
limits. What are those reasonable limits? fan
they be gathered from the Constitution? I
suppose if there is a limitation of that power
it must be that Congress in fixing tlx"! time
must so fix it that the State may always he rep-
resented, and I suppose that was the meaning of
our law, to fix it so that a State could Always
be represented, or always have an opportunity
of being represented. The law of 1856 de-
clares that the Legislature chosen nert pre-
ceding the happening of the vacancy \s the
proper Legislature to elect a Senator. Mark
the language: the Legislature chosep next
preceding the happening of the vacancy is the
proper Legislature to elect a Senator Did
Congress intend by that to give the Stlte at
all times an opportunity of being represented?
Ifitmeantby "chosen" simply those who were
elected, it might very well happen in a sood
many States that the Legislature would be
chosen and not convened untilafter the vacancy
had occurred.
_ Here is a ease in Tcnnesee, presenting pre-
cisely the same point. If that language
is to have absolute effect, if it is to override
the action of the State in all particulars,
and it must be in any case and in every case
the Legislature that is chosen next preceding
the election that is to elect, if it is not to
be construed in harmony with the meaning
of the other provisions of the Constitution, if
it is not to have a reasonable construction, but
