314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Burchard.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
from which aliens may lawfully be debarred.
Can these words intend to include those inalien-
able rights that belong to every human being
everywhere, and in the enjoyment of which the
stranger as well as the citizen is protected by
every free Government? Are the privileges
and immunities of citizens identical with the
rights common to aliens and citizens alike?
Do they not imply something in addition to or
in aid of those rights, granted only to citizens
or for their special protection? Such is the
ordinary use and legal construction of these
words. The argument is weak, indeed, if to
give the necessary jurisdiction to the General
Government to punish the offenses described
in the second section of the bill the right to
life and personal security enjoyed both by alien
and citizen must be called the privilege of the
citizen.
What some of the privileges and immunities
of a citizen of the United States are the con-
temporaneous legislation—the civil rights bill,
passed at the same session by the same Con-
gress that proposed this amendment—enum-
erates. The meaning of these words, as used
in the Constitution before the adoption of this
amendment, has been discussed by writers upon
elementary law and defined, to some extent,
by courts and judges. The supreme court of
Massachusetts gave a construction, as follows:
"The privileges and immunities secured to the
people of cach State in every other State can be
applied only in case of removal from one State into
another." * -r * > -i ■ ;
'"They slinll have tho privileges and immunities
of citizens: that is, they shall not be deemed aliens,
but may take and hold real estate; and may. accord -
ing to tho laws of such State, eventually enjoy tho
full rights of citizenship without the necessity of
boing naturalized."—G Pickering, 92; Abbott vi.
Bagloy.
This is in harmony with the interpretation
of the same clause given by those learned and
profound commentators on constitutional law,
Kent and Story.
In opposition to this construction of these
terms the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siieixa-
li.utuEit] and others who have defended the
second section of this bill have quoted tho
obiter dictum of a single circuit judge, who
defined them to be—
"Protection by the Government; tho enjoyment
of life and liberty, with tho right to acquiro and
possess property of overy kind, and to pursue and
obtain happine&s and safety, subject nevertheless to
such restraints as tho Government may justly pro-
scribe for tho general good of the whole."—4 Wash-
ington's C. I". lteporU, '180.
If this is the true meaning of the terms " priv-
ileges and immunities" as used in the Consti-
tution, why could not Congress before the
adoption of the amendment protect and pun-
ish for their deprivation ? No enlarged power
of enforcement has since been conferred
Congress is empowered in the original Con-
stitution to "make all laws which shall be ne-
cessary and proper to carry into execution the
powers" therein enumerated. The fourteenth
amendment provides that—
"The Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, tho provisions of this
article."
The phraseology giving the power of enforce-
ment is no stronger or broader in the latter
than in the former. The Constitution provided
that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immuniues of citizens of tho several
States."
The amendment that—■
"No State shall inako or enforce any law which
shall abridge theprivilegcsorimmumties of citizens
of the United States."
By the former tho "citizens are entitled;"
by the latter, a "State is prohibited."
Is not the power and extent of congressional
enforcement as to individuals less questionable
where the Constitution expressly invests aciti-
aen with privileges and immunities than when
it simply prohibits a State from abridging them?
Ctfhgress had then as much power to secure
them to the citizen and punish for their violation
as it has now. If the opinion I have quoted gives
their true meaning, and thereby the amend-
ment vests in the General Government power
to punish for crimes against, life and_ person
outside of exclusive Federal jurisdiction, the
same power must have been conferred by the
original Constitution. If the General Govern-
ment originally received no such power, this
construction of the meaning of those words
must be erroneous, and no such power can be
claimed from their use in the amendment.
Others have advocated the power of Con-
gress to punish crimes as proposed in the sec-
ond section of the bill, interpreting the words
"immunities and privileges of a citizen of the
United States" to mean the right secured to the
people in the first eight articles of amendments
to the Constitution. They hold that the four-
teenth amendment forbids a State from abridg-
ing these enumerated rights. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] both de-
fended this bill under such a construction of
this clause. Unfortunately for their argument
the privileges and immunities there enumer-
ated affecting life and personal security are only
found in articles four, five, and six, and are
specific limitations, relating to the mode of
procedure or jurisdiction and extent of pun-
ishment in cases of arrest or trial for supposed
criminal offenses.
Those articles are as follows.
Article IV.
The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreason-
able Searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and
no warrant shall issue but upon probable cause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
describing the place to he searched and tho persons
or things to bo seized.
Article V.
No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases aris-
ing in the land or naval forces, or in the militia,
wlion in actual scrvico in time of war or public
danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same
offenso to bo twice put in jeopardy of life or limb,
nor shall bo compelled on any criminal caso to be
a witness against himself, nor bo deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law;
nor shall private property be. taken for public use
without just compensation.
Article VI.
In all criminal prosecutions, tho accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an
impartial jury of the btato and district wherein the
erimeshall have been committed, which distnctshall
have been previously ascertained by law, and to be
informed of the nature and causoof tho accusation;
to bo confronted with the witnesses against tiiiu; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in
his favor; and to have the assistance of counsel for
his defense.
These are but privileges or immunities
against the issue of judicial process and con-
viction upon criminal charges except in the
manner and cases authorized. The taking of
life or injury to person is not there forbidden
to individuals or the right to life and liberty
affirmed as in the Declaration of Independence.
I cannot see, therefore, how the application of
these eight amendments to the States, or even
giving the General Government authority to
secure to its citizens all the privileges and im-
munities there asserted, can be held to confer
the right upon the Federal courts to punish
murders or other offenses against life and
person. These elaborate arguments as to what
are the privileges and immunities of citizens
of tho United States have little pertinency to
this bill. Tho constitutional prohibition is
against a State's making or enforcing a law
abridging them ; the second section of tho bill
makes no reference to State laws or the action
or non-action of State authority, it relates to
the crimes and conspiracies of private indi-
viduals.
As in the first section of the fourteenth
amendment all the prohibitions are upon
States, let us inquire
what is here meant by X state ?
The Constitution recognized existing and
future subordinate political governments called
States. Every citizen of the United States
is a citizen of the State wherein he resides.
He sustains relations to the General Govern-
ment directly as an individual, and indirectly
as a citizen of a State. A duty enjoined upon
a State evidently can only be performed by
and through its people, but a State implies
the whole body of the people, organized for
political purposes under a government to which
powers have been delegated to act for and in
the name of the whole. Thus organized, the
people compose the State and act, not individ-
ually, but in their collective capacity, through
agents, either by ordinances through delegated
conventions, or through legislative, executive,
or judicial officers, acting under a State con-
stitution and laws for the State in the dis-
charge of official duties and functions.
In the enforcement of the observance of du-
ties imposed directly upon the people by the
Constitution, the General Government applies
the law directly to persons and individual acts.
It may punish individuals for interference with
its prerogatives and infractions of the rights it
is authorized to protect. For the neglect or
refusal of a State to perform a constitutional
duty, the remedies and power of enforcement
given to the General Government are few and
restricted. It cannot perform the duty the
Constitution enjoins upon the State. If a Stale
fails to appoint presidential electors, or its
Legislature to choose Senators, or its people to
elect Representatives, Congress cannot act for
them. Nor do prohibitions upon States author-
ize Congress to exercise the forbidden power.
It may doubtless require State officers to dis-
charge duties imposed upon them as such offi-
cers by the Constitution of the United States.
A State office must be assumed with such lim-
itations and burdens, such duties and obliga-
tions, as the Constitution of the United States
attaches to it. The General Government can-
not punish the State, but the officer who vio-
lates his official constitutional duty can be
punished under Federal law. What more
appropriate legislation for enforcing a con-
stitutional prohibition upon a State than to
compel State officers to observe it ? Its viola-
tion by the State can only be consummated
through the officers by whom it acts. May it
not then equally punish the illegal attempts of
private individuals to prevent the performance
of official duties in the manner required by the
Constitution and laws of the United States?
The Federal courts have repeatedly held that
they could require municipal and county offi-
cers to perform the duties imposed upon tliciu
by State laws in levying taxes, when such tax
became necessary to eollecta judgment in their
courts against such city or county, although ail
the power and authority of such officers was
derived from State laws. It can issue its man-
dates to such officers and enforce obedience by
penalties and imprisonment. Cannot Congress
provide to punish conspiracies to prevent the
performance of duties it can compel such offi-
cers to discharge? Can it not, then, go as far
in requiring State or county officers to perform
those official duties, or at least those minis-
terial acts which protect a citizen in the enjoy-
ment of his constitutional rights, as it can in
compelling the discharge of those which merely
secure the enforcement of a legal obligation?
Is the power greater when official duty con-
cerns property than when it concerns life ami
person? I/the Federal Government can com-
pel State officers to act under State laws in the
collection of a money bond, can it not insist
upon their performance of duties imposed by
