316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Ho. op Reps.
Bevenue Frauds in Virginia—Mr. Porter.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
and untried duties. The field of political con-
tention was foreign to his tastes and adverse
to his wishes; but he hoped, and the great
party that supported him and the country be-
lieved, that he more than any other man could
accomplish this : allay the bitterness and hos-
tility to the Union, subdued but not eradicated
from disloyal breasts by the results of the war,
and bring peace, safety, and prosperity to the
people. If this desire has not been wholly ful-
filled it is not for wiint of noble magnanimity
and lenient conduct and conciliatory disposi-
tion toward those who had participated in the
rebellion. It is possible that this forbear-
ance and generosity of the Government and of
General Grant's administration may have been
misconstrued in those portions of the South
where these disorders and violence exist. The
desperate and lawless may have come to regard
leniency and magnanimity in the punishment
of treason and rebellion as evidences of weak-
ness on the part of the Government. If so,
they must be undeceived. They must know that
the national Government is powerful enough
to punish as well as forgive its enemies and to
protect its friends; that it can suppress secret
disloyal conspiracies as well as open revolt and
armed rebellion; the nation has been mag-
nanimous to its foes, let it be just to its loyal
citizens. Let it shield its humblest supporter
from the machinations of those who would as
ol' old suppress froo speech and free thought
and still cherish their hatred for the Union
and love for the " lost cause."
The enforcement of the provisions of this
bill and the exercise of the powers conferred,
■will aid in the restoration of order, the protec-
tion of the citizen in the exercise of his civil
and political rights, tranquillize the disturbed
portions of the Kcpublic, and realize the
prayer of the President and responsive wish
of the American people, " Let us have peace."
llcrcnne Frauds in Virginia.
SPEEOII OF IIONT C. II. POIITER,
OF VIRGINIA,
Lv she House of Representatives,
March 20,*1871,
On tlio bill (U. R. No. 202) to abolish tho office of
supervisor of revenuo so far as it affocts the State
of Virginia.
Mr. rORTBU. Mr. Speaker, in the last
session of the late Congress I offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
" lletahcd. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to iuruish to this Jlotiso a statement of
moneys received as moieties by the supervisor, em-
ployes, ami detectives connected with tho offieo of
supervisor of internal rovenue for tho district of
V irginia since tlielstdayof April, 1809, and whether
tile same were received from the Treasury or from
tlie UnitedStat.es district and circuit courts of Vir-
ginia, with tlio name, in each case, of tho person
itoin whom tlieso moneys accrued,"
Ou the same day I also offered the following:
" Ucstdved, That the Attorney General be re-
quested to furnish to this House a statement of the
u:i ines of nil persons, with their places of residence,
who hiive been arrested in Virginia since tho 1st day
of January, 1SG8, for violations of the internal rev-
enue laws, showing in each case whether the person
arrested was indicted: if so, whether ho wastried;
and in cases where orders oi nolle vrosequi weie
entered a statement of tho grounds of tho same; and
in the cases of those persons who were arrested and
not indicted a statement of tho authority by whom
they were discharged."
These resolutions were unanimously agreed
to by the House, and in the month of I?eb-
ruary letters in reply were received from tho
Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney
General, (vide Forty-First Congress, third ses-
sion, House of Representatives, Executive
Document No. 119, and also Executive Doc-
ument No. 120.)
This morning I introduced in the House a
bill "to abolish the office of supervisor of
internal revenue so far as the State of Virginia
is affected thereby," and now desire to be
heard in relation to the subject. My own
remarks, however, will be brief, as I shall rely
chiefly upon the documents referred to, and
the statements contained in a letter of Captain
Irving F. Wilcox, -who at the time of writing
was the collector of internal revenue for the
fifth district of Virginia.
The document No. 119, which I will have
appended, as well as document No. 120, to
these remarks, shows that the first moiety was
received the 4th day of December, 1869, and
the last on the 14th day of December, 1870.
It also appears from this document that the
amount of moneys received as moieties by the
informers during this period of one year was
$15,989 44, distributed among the following
informers, namely: Otis F. Presbrey, the
supervisor; Lucian Hawley, G. C. Alden, J.
N. Beach, F. M. Green, all detectives in the
supervisor's office.
The supervisor received of this amount
$1,528 70 for four cases, receiving in one
case alone $1,150; but, strangely enough, the
amount paid in is not given.
Fifteen hundred dollars in the pocket of the
supervisor upon the settlement of four cases
will do very well in addition to his usual sal-
ary. But we submit that this is not all. In Vir-
ginia Hawley, Aldeti, and Green are known
as Presbrpy's special adherents. Alden is his
brother-in-law, and Green is a clerk in his
office. In regard to Beach I have heard nothing
definitely. Looking at the amount received by
him, perhaps it would be fair to assume that
be was not in the "ring," though a detective
under Presbrey. Beach only receives $729 2G,
while Hawley receives $7,650 04; receiv-
ing in one case alone, $2,000. Alden receives
$4,530 84, and Green receives $1,550 in addi-
tion to the salary he receives from the Govern-
ment as Presbrey's clerk. Captain Wilcox's
letter indicates that Presbrey stated in the
United States court at Richmond that he
"received one third of all moieties received
by the employ6s connected with his office."
This would give him for the year in ques-
tion nearly five thousand dollars. The sen-
timent prevails, however, in Republican as
well as Conservative circles in Virginia, that
if Presbrey required one half or three fourths
of the moieties received by his detectives, all
he would have to do would be to make his
wishes known.. The table, contained in the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury from
which I have quoted was furnished to the
Secretary, as he states in his letter, by II. II.
Wells, the United States district attorney for
Virginia.
Governor Wells and Dr. Presbrey are bosom
friends. Presbrey cannot complain. This
damaging evidence is furnished by his friend.
But it is not as damaging as it would have been
had his friend given all the facts. The House
will perceive that their resolution called for
a statement of moneys received as moieties
since the 1st day of April, 18G9, but the first
item given in the district attorney's table is
on the 4th day of December, 1869, thus leav-
ing a period of eight months untouched. Were
there no moneys received as moieties during
this time ? There should have been over ten
thousand dollars x'eceived, in proportion to
the sum received for the year which Governor
Wells undertakes to give an account of. In
furnishing this table to the Secretary of the
Treasury the district attorney says, in his
accompanying letter:
" The statement is as full as possible, and if any
mistakes or omissions occur in it such mistakes and
omissions are in tho United States circuit court, and
are aseribableto the disordered and confused con-
dition of the accounts of the late elerk of tlie circuit
court."
In addition to the showing on my part of
mistakes and omissions, the district attorney
virtually eoneedes tk«ir existence, but charges
that the responsibility rests with the late clerk
of the circuit court. He had been the clerk
for seven or'eight years, directly under the eye
of Judge Underwood, the district judge, but
who for thsvt period almost invariably held the
terms of the circuit court. Can it be possible
that such a profound and spotless jurist and .
upright citizen (?) as Judge Underwood would
keep a clerk for seven or eight years who kept his
accounts in such a " disordered and confused
condition" that the district attorney cannot
answer the resolution of this House when
called upon to do so by the Secretary of the
Treasury? The clerk, the judge, the district
attorney, and the supervisor were all friends
together. They, with one or two others, are
familiarly known to the people of Virginia as
the "ring" by which "Underwood's court"
is run, in which technical violators of the
revenue laws are fleeced regardless of race,
color, or politics.
I do not know that it is the purpose of tho
district attorney and his friends to make a
scape-goat of the poor clerk; but however this
may be, the facts require that I should further
state that shortly after the appointment of
Judge Bond, of Maryland, as our circuit judge,
Judge Underwood's clerk, the friend of Wells,
Presbrey, and the rest of the "ring," was
removed by Judge Bond.
I will now read the letter of Captain Wilcox,
and invite the earnest attention of the House
to its disclosures:
United States Internal Reverie,
Collector's Office, Fifth Distmct, Vuirtxia,
LyXCHBUKG, March 4,1871.
Sir: I have before me the letter of the honorable
Secretary of tho Treasury in answer to a resolution
of tho House of Representatives of January 9,1871,
"in relationto moneys received by internal revenue
officers in Virginia since the lbt day of April, ISOD,"
and 1 desire to call your attention to tho fact thut
gross outrages have been perpetrated by the super-
visor and hisemployesin taking money belonging to
the United States in cases reported in said letter. I
refer more especially to the following cases, in which
Detectives Alden and Hawley certified that they
were the informers, namely, Hawley, case of Isaac
C.Adams; Alden,ease of Turner.fcRangely; Alden,
ease of L. G. Speneer; Alden, case of IS. B. Turner;
Alden, case of William C. Staples; Alden, case of
Reynolds &Lybarger; Alden, ease ofI?.lt. &(jI. Penn ;
Alden, ease of J. P. Critz; Alden, c;ise of 1). A!.
Spencer; Hawley, ease of J. W. & \Y. G. JIcGhee ;
Hawley, case of J. M. Ferguson; Ilawley, oase of
Marshall Waid; llowley, case of O. A. Turner;
Alden,case ofF. J.Chapman; Alden, caseot (ieorge
W. Shanks.
In the first mentioned -four cases I. C. Adaim,
Turner & Rangely, L, <>. Speneer, and .H. i>. Turner,
the true informer was Charles W. Simpson, jr.,
formerly agaugcr. Simpson gave the information
against these parties to A ■-e: -'m'I'VriKi!d :ttid nijsoif,
and the facts were stated by Mr. Fcrnald to Super-
visor l'rcsbroy and the two detectives, Alden and
Hawley.
In tho cases of W. C. Staples, Reynolds & luybargcr,
I\ R. & U. Penn, J. I'. Critz, and 1>. M. Spencer, to-
bacco manufacturers, tile true facts are as follows:
in I860 Assessor Fernald and myself, in charge of a,
detachment of cavalry, visited the part of the district
in which these parties reside, and in the investiga-
tions made by ua we ascertained that they had
shipped quantities of manufactured tobacco in fraud
of tho revenue, which fact the parties acknowledged
to us, and desired tomako offers to tho honorable
Commissioner of Internal Revenue in compromise
for all prosecutions which might be brought against
them for their violations of internal revenue laws.
We directed them to meetusin Richmond on afixed
day, in order that Supervisor Presbrey might be con-
sulted with as to the amount that each of the parties
should offer in compromise.
On tlie 3d of November, 1869, Assessor Fernald met
these parties in Richmond, went immediately to tho
supervisor's office with them, and after having intro-
duced the parties, Mr. Fernald made a statement de-
tailing the frauds committed by the parties then and
there present. Soon afterward, without the knowl-
edge of Mr. Fernaid or myself, these parties confessed
judgment in the United States cir6uit court at Rich-
mond, and paid their money into court instoad of
making their offers in compromise by petitions to /
toe Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which would |
have been the most proper and open manner to \
secure an adjustmentof their 1 labilities. Ifthis had
been done it would have required my certificate to
have secured the informer's moietyin case the offers
in compromise wero acecptad. Mr. Fernald and'my-
self were the first porsonsto give the information, and
as Such were entitled to the in former's share; and wo
desired that every dollar paid by these parties should
so to tba Treasury of the United States, not consider-
