554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
is no prima facie case, and all this debate
about his perjury is out of order, in my judg-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from Ohio; and the Chair must state to the
Senator from Georgia that as to matters affect-
ing himself personally, by the usage of the
Senate, he must ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to make a personal explanation.
Mr. HILL. I do ask it of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question in
regard to the history of Mr, Blodgett, as the
Senator from Ohio has well stated, is not in-
volved in the consideration of this resolution,
and certainly much less anything in the history
of the Senator from Georgia. The Senator
from Georgia now asks unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. STEWART. I am not through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield for that purpose?
Mr. STEWART. Only for a little while.
Mr. HILL. It is only for a moment.
Mr. STEWART. I want to conclude what
I have to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield or not?
Mr. STEWART. I will yield any reason-
able time. The Senator knows how long he
will want to take.
Mr. HILL. I must make my acknowledg-
ment for the great kindness and charity that
the Senator from Nevada is disposed to bestow
upon me. This is not the first time that I have
had occasion to return thanks for his great
lenity and wonderful regard for my feelings.
It is at least as much as two years old. I do
not know to what particular circumstance lam
indebted for so much of his courtesy; but 1
havo experienced it before; therefore it is not
a matter of amazement to me now.
It seems that a letter which I wrote in 1863
haunts the dreams of the Senator. It is some-
thing so incomprehensible to him, so utterly
at war with the character of a politician who
might perchance, with more ingenious mind,
perhaps, than that of the Senator, have had
a slight design of distracting his adversaries.
If the Senator cannot see it, perhaps other
minds may be able to see, that at the time that
letter was written there was a party headed
by Joseph E. Brown, then Governor of Geor-
gia, adverse to Jefferson Davis; that it divided
the State into factions; that those who were
wishing and sighing for peace at the time were
very glad to see this disruption of the seces-
sion party of Georgia; and if I contributed in
some degree to widen that breach, as was sus-
pected by some of the most sagacious Dem-
ocratic leaders at the time, it is not very won-
derful.
The Senator, perhaps, could not see that in
the language that is used in the letter, when it
was said cautiously of Mr. Davis that while
the writer had not been able to approve of his
every action, &e., he was not prepared to say
that he knew of another who might have ad-
ministered the government more successfully.
What does that mean ? Is that a committal?
Let me say to the Senator that it is thirteen
years ago since 1 was introduced to Jefferson
Davis. 1 have met him often, but have never
spoken to him a sentence in all the days of my
life.
I had children in the confederate armies.
One of them had been a midshipman in the
United States Navy. He left the Navy. They
gave him a commission to go into the con-
federate service, and I tore it into shreds. I
have reason to believe that probably I de-
stroyed my own child's life by my rash act.
He was driven to take shelter as a volunteer
afterward. With the appeals of my children
to me that if I would write a single letter to a
cabinet officer or the president they could get
promotion, I spurned the tempting bribe, as
ft was, and would not make the appeal. I
never approached a cabinet officer, though I
went to Richmond to see one of my sons, who
was sick in a hospital, and there I saw some
of the government officers. While I was there
the battle of the Seven Pines occurred, and I
waited on wounded men, some of whom were
prisoners of war. I was in Libby, and saw
more of blood on that occasion than I ever
wish to see again ; but I made no approaches
to cabinet officers and none to Jefferson Davis.
If the Senator will take the pains to look
further at that letter, he will see that there is
something said about the value of the institu-
tion of slavery. There was then going on a
correspondence through the South, and Mr.
Davis.was understood to be in favor of the
movement, to employ colored men in the armies
of the confederacy and to give them their free-
dom if they would enlist. I knew the preju-
dices of the slaveholders against that move-
ment, and if I directed a blow at it covertly,
was I to be blamed as a friend of the Union?
What would a letter to the people of Georgia
at that time, infuriated as they were, have
been worth if it were straight out declaring
myself the friend of Mr. Lincoln and the Uni-
ted States Government?
Then, again, if I said something of Mr. Lin-
coln and of his intolerance and of his offering
no plan of compromise, &c., was there any-
thing wonderful in that? I admit that there
is some political adroitness in the letter.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is occupy-
ing a good deal of time. I did not give way to
allow him to make a speech.
Mr. HILL. Very well. I will not intrude
further; but I must say one thing, I will not
say anything about the point of order, for the
Chair has already ruled that the point of order
is well taken. But at the proper time, here or
anywhere else, I am prepared to join issue
with the Senator. If he can show that I would
ever have served the confederacy in any capa-
city, let him make me sensible of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada now resumes the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to enter
into any sucli controversy. I know that the
people down there were very peculiarly sit-
uated ; that the pressure upon them was very
great; and I do not propose to discuss that
question any further. I think Foster Blodgett
is the most illustrious example of fidelity to
the Union under trying circumstances that I
have become acquainted with. Whether he
is the best of them or not, he is the best I have
seen. Taking the testimony of other men, he
is the best that I have seen. But I do not
propose to discuss that, because I bow to the
ruling of the Chair, which I recognize to be a
correct ruling. I was dragged into this dis-
cussion of personal matters. I did not lead
into it.
The only issue is, as the Senator from Ohio
has stated it precisely, whether upon the law,
on the facts presented in Blodgett's case, it is
a prima facie case. If there is a matter of
inquiry with regard to. that Legislature, whether
it is the proper Legislature or not; if it is not
patent on its face beyond all controversy that
he was elected by no Legislature at all; if
here is a fair question for investigation in this
case, then, if you follow the precedents, you
will give him a seat pending that investigation.
That is my position, and that is all I have to
SaIlr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall
occupy the attention of the Senate but a very
few minutes. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to the constitutional provision and
to inquire how much power Congress has to
regulate or to govern the election of a Senator
of the United States. The Constitution says
that—
_ "The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions 1 or Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed ia each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
What may the Congress do ? It may make
regulations prescribing the time of holding the
elections, or in regard to the manner of holding
the elections; only those two things : first, in
regard to the mannef, whether it shall be in
joint convention, whether it shall be by the
vote of each House, or whether it shall be viva
voce or by ballot. We may fix that by law of
Congress. Then what is the other thing ? We
may fix the time when the election shall be
held. We have no other power than to fix the
time. We have no power to select the Legis-
lature by which it shall be done, and we have
no power to prescribe what Legislature shall
do it. But we have the right to fix the time,
and whatever Legislature is in existence at the
time fixed by the law of Congress, that Legis-
lature has the power to make the election, and
no other. I submit that this is the whole ques-
tion as to the power of Congress. We may fix
the time, but we cannot select the Legislature,
and when we fix the time, whatever Legislature
is in existence at that time is to elect the Sen-
ator, and none other.
Now, according to the construction given to
this act by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thur-
man,] and I believe by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Tkumbtill,] it does not undertake
to fix the time, but simply to prescribe what
Legislature shall elect a Senator. I deny our
power to do that.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator misunder-
stands me. It does fix the time, the second
Tuesday after the organization of the Legis-
lature.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says it does
fix the time, the second Tuesday after the
organization of the Legislature. I submit it
does not fix the time, because that time is to
be determined by the constitution of the State.
The Senator says it means the Legislature
elected last before the expiration of the term
and before the beginning of the new term.
That Legislature may not meet in two years;
it max not meet in three years; therefore, it
does not fix the time. It only prescribes the
Legislature. What we have the power to do
is to fix the time, and whatever Legislature is
in existence at that time has the power to elect.
I submit to the Senator from Ohio that, giving
it the construction he does, the act is clearly
unconstitutional.
Now, Mr. President, how does this law read ?
" That the Legislature of each State which shall be
chosen next preceding the expiration of the time for
which any Senator was elected to represent said
State in Congress shall, on the second Tuesday after
the meeting and organization thereof, procced to
elect a Senator in Congress in the place of such Sen-
ator so going out of office."
I submit to the Senate that taking this sec-
tion altogether it means this: that the Legis-
lature elected last before the expiration of the
term, and that meets and is organized last
before the expiration of the term, is the one
that is to elect the Senator. The Senator from
Ohio says it means simply the last Legislature
elected, no matter when it meets. 1 say not
so. I say it contemplates both the election
and the meeting before the expiration of the
previous term. What does it say? It says
" on the second Tuesday after the meetingand
organization thereof proceed to elect a Sen-
ator in Congress in place of the Senator so
going out of office"—not gone out of office;
not to fill some term that has expired; but it
contemplates a meeting of this Legislature
as well as the election of it before the expira-
tion of the term, to elect a Senator to fill the
vacancy of the man so going out. It is all pros-
pective, every bit of it, the previous meeting
as well as the previous election.
I should like to understand how the Senator
from Ohio can avoid this conclusion by taking
the whole section together. It does not mean
that there shall be an election, because that
Legislature may not meet for a year. The pres-
ent constitution of the State of Tennessee was
formed in January, 1870, and provided that
the Legislature should not meet until Novem-
