1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
ber, 1871, about twenty-one months afterward,
and the old Legislature was continued, and has
met, I believe, since the adoption of the new
constitution and since the election of the new
Legislature. Under the new constitution of
Tennessee an election was held for members
of the Legislature in October, 1870, but that
Legislature does not meet until November,
1871; and subsequent to that election the old
Legislature met, and I believe is now the valid
Legislature of the State of Tennessee. If an
extra session should be called, it would not be
of the Legislature that was elected in 1870, but
of the one that was elected in 1869.
Now, I submit to all candid Senators—and I
trust and believe we are all candid—that this
whole section taken together means that the
Legislature which is elected and which meets
last before the beginning of the term is to
elect the Senator. If it does not mean that,
it is clearly unconstitutional. If it simply
prescribes the Legislature, but does not fix
the definite time, we have no power to make
it. The Constitution says we shall have power
to fix the time. We cannot fix the Legisla-
ture. That belongs to the constitution of the
State; but whatever Legislature is in exist-
ence at the time that is fixed, that Legislature
must elect the Senator.
Now, Mr. President, what is the fact in
regard to Foster Blodgett? That he was
electcd by the last Legislature that met before
the beginning of this term ; that he was elected
by the present Legislature of the State of
Georgia. If the Governor should to-morrow
call a Legislature together he would be bound
to call the one that elected Foster Blodgett.
That is the only existing Legislature ot' the
State of Georgia.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
make a remark right there ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. The Governor was in doubt
about that. He thought that probably he
might have occasion to call the Legislature
together at this time, and he ordered a vacancy
ii the new Legislature to be filled. He does
not hold to that opinion now, I am quite sure.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator does not give
much faith to the Governor of Georgia, I have
discovered from what he said this afternoon.
He may find it convenient now to quote his
opinion.
Mr. HILL. I am always willing to do the
Governor justice, and I think I have shown no
disposition to do him injustice.
Mr. MORTON. I will proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator decline to be interrupted?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, unless it is to
some point of my argument.
Mr. HILL. 1 merely wished to make that
correction.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, the
constitutional convention of the State of Ten-
nessee postponed the meeting of the Legisla-
ture that was elected after the election of my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Cooper.] He
was elected in 1869. Another Legislature was
elected in Tennessee in 1870. According to
the construction given by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thukman,] that Legislature was
chosen subsequeutto his election._ It has never
met, and the Legislature elected in Georgia,
subsequent to Blodgett's election, has nev.er
met. Why has it not met ? Because its meet-
ing was postponed by the Legislature of
Georgia under an express power given to it
for tliat purpose. The constitution of Georgia
provides that the Legislature "shall meet an-
nually on the second Wednesday in January,
or on such other day as the General Assembly
may prescribe." The Senator from Ohio does
not deny that the Legislature of Georgia had
a right to postpone the meeting of the next
Legislature until November, 1871. That power
is clearly given. In Tennessee the postpone-
ment was not made by the Legislature, but was
made by a constitutional convention. There
is no difference between them. It was done in
one case as a part of the original sovereignty
of the people of the State, and in the other in
virtue of a clause in the constitution authoriz-
ing it to be done.
Now, the construction given to this law by
the Senator from Ohio was incorrect, or my
friend from Tennessee has no right to his seat
here because a Legislature was chosen subse-
quent to the time of his election. But what
does this whole section mean? I have read
it. I will not read it again; but I take the
section of the act of Congress to mean this:
that the Legislature which is elected and
which meets last before the beginning of the
term is the Legislature to elect the Senator.
If it does not mean that, the act is clearly
unconstitutional; and I think its constitution-
ality is very doubtful in that respect. I think
all we can do is to fix the time—that is what
the Constitution says; and whatever Legisla-
ture may be in existence under the constitu-
tion of the State at that time is the Legisla-
ture which must elect the Senator.
Mr. President, the point made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio is that the postponement of
the meeting of the new Legislature was made
after the election of Mr. Blodgett. It makes
no difference in point of law whether it was
done before or afterward ; the question is, was
it done in accordance with the constitution of
the State; had the Legislature the power to do
what they did do ? That is not denied, and so
far as the legal effect is concerned, it can make
no possible difference whether it was done be-
fore or afterward. If the section means
what I say it does, all we have to do is with
this fact: what was the Legislature that was
elected and met last before the beginning of
this term? Not what were the motives that
brought it about? We have not anything to
do with motives; we cannot say it was done
for this purpose or that purpose; the question
simply is, what Legislature was it that was
elected and that met last before the beginning
of this term? Both election and meeting must
conspire.
Now, Mr. President, there is another point
about this. In speaking of the meaning of
this section of the act of Congress, I have said,
taking the whole section together, it is " elected
and meeting." TheSenator from Ohio dwells
on the meaningof the word"chosen," because
tl^e section begins by saying that the Legisla-
ture which shall be chosen next preceding the
vacancy shall elect. What evidence have we
thata Legislature has been chosen ? Is the word
"electing" equivalent to the word " chosen;"
or can it be said that legislators, persons that are
probably electedandqualified, are " chosen?"
No, sir; you have no Legislature, according
to the definition in Bouvier or Webster, until
the members come together, are organized, and
qualified. Then, for the first time you have a
Legislature. How can it be chosen until it is
qualified? Who are to judge of the qualifica-
tions of its members? Not the board of re-
turning officers; tliey can simply certify that
John Jones has got the most votes.
Mr. TIIQRMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question right there, if it does
not disturb his argument?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. THURM AN. There is no provision in
the constitution of Ohio nor I believe in the
constitution of Indiana that members of the
Legislature shall hold over until their succes-
sors are elefcted and qualified. Now I put it
to the Senator from Indiana: suppose after
the election of .members of a new Legislature
in the State of Ohio it is necessary to call the
Legislature together, whom will the Governor
call? Will he not call those who are chosen,
and does he not call them before they are
qualified?
Mr. MORTON. I will endeavor to answer
that, and I am glad my friend has asked the
question. It happens that the constitution of
Georgia differs from that of Ohio and Indiana,
because the constitution of Georgia expressly
provides that the members of the Legislature
shall hold until their successors are elected
and qualified; and if the new members never
quality the old ones will hold on under the
constitution of Georgia. In that respect the
constitution of that State and of my State dif-
fer. That perhaps is an important considera-
tion.
The members of that Legislature, by the
express terms of the constitution, hold over
until the new ones are qualified. That does
not take place until next November. Now,
if the Governor is to call an extra session of
the Legislature, what one shall he call, the
one that is in existence or one that is net in
existence? There cannot be two Legislatures
at the same time. There is only one Legisla-
ture in Georgia to day, and as the old mem-
bers hold until the new ones are qualified
there is an existing Legislature for him to call
in extra session. That might not be the case iu
Ohio. Tiiere, where the terms are limited to
two and to lour years in the senate and in the
house, after the term expires and before the
new Legislature has assembled, if he is required
to call an extra session he would be compelled,
as a matter of political necessity, to call to-
gether those who were reported to be elected.
But in Georgia they have not yet been chosen ;
their qualifications have not yet been passed
on; they do not constitute the Legislature.
If the act read " the legislators who have
been chosen to the Legislature," there might
be more room for this very nice argument;
but it does not read that way; it is " the Legis-
lature chosen." It presupposes the existence
of a Legislature at the time when the term of
a Senator expires.
But, Mr. President, no one can read all that
section together and look at the history of it,
understanding what the evil was that was to
be redressed, without understanding that this
section means clearly and distinctly that the
Legislature elected, and which shall meet and
be qualified last before the expiration of the
term, is the one to elect the new Senator.
That may fix the time not very definitely ; and
1 am not sure that that meets with the demands
of the constitution itself; but with the other
construction there is no time fixed : it simply
prescribes the Legislature and not the time.
Mr. President, 1 am satisfied that Foster
Blodgett is entitled to his seat.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPEN l'ER. I want to put to him
precisely the question I did to my friend from
Nevada. Now, concede all that the Senator
from Indiana claims lor the law in this case,
and without expressing any opinion on that it
may be conceded for the purpose which 1 have
in view. Suppose his theory to be sound ; yet
the fact remains that when the Legislature of
Georgia did iu fact elect Foster Blodgett it
was not at that time, by the law ot' the State
then in existence, the last Legislature that was
to convene before the expiration of that term.
Therefore, when it performed that act, it had
no right to perform the act. Now, the only
claim which can be set up that that act was
valid grows out of the fact that subsequent to
the election of Blodgett an act was passed which
provided that the Legislature to be chosen
thereafter should not convene for some thirteen
months later than they would have convened
if the law had not been changed iu that par-
ticular.
Now, it seems to me that the election ol
Foster Blodgett was either good or bad the
very moment it was concluded, if it was a
valid election the night after it was made and
the day after it was made, it must remain valid
to-day. But, as I understand the facts, the
night after it was made and the day after it
was made it was void, because it was not made
by the last Legislature that was to be elected
and convened. So that-, conceding the con-
