556
THE CONGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
struction which the Senator puts upon the
act—and I confess that the present inclination
of my tnind is to concur with him in that con-
struction—yet conceding that does not help
the case, because that act which was performed
subsequent to the election of Blodgett cannot
retroact so as to clothe that Legislature with a
jurisdiction which it did not possess when it
performed the act.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I compre-
hend the Senator's question and. will endeavor
to answer it precisely. At the time of Foster
Blodgett's election there was a clause in the
constitution of Georgia which authorized that
Legislature to postpone the meeting of the
new„one until November, 1871. The election
was made subject to the existence of a power
which might be exercised to postpone the
meeting of the new Legislature for a year,
which was done.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then the election of
Poster Blodgett when it was made was valid
or void, to be determined by subsequent events?
Mr. MORTON. Iam coming to that point;
and I will say that my friend himself, if I
remember correctly, has passed upon that very
question, and passed upon it the other way.
I say that when Foster Blodgett was elected
there was the power in the constitution of
Georgia authorizing that same Legislature to
postpone the meeting of the new one until
November, 1871. My argument awhile ago
was that it made no difference in point of law
whether that postponement was made before
or after his election, because the power existed
and the election must be held to be made sub-
ject to the existence of that power.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend 
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to go on, and I
will come right to the point. Now, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin says the election must
have been valid or invalid at the time it was
made; if it was invalid then, it is invalid now ;
it cannot be made valid by the subsequent
change of the time of meeting of the next
Legislature. I insist that this Senate has de-
cided that principle directly the other way.
It is admitted that the test-oath created a dis-
ability. It created a disability just as much
as the fourteenth amendment. I think my
friend from Ohio has admitted on this floor
that the test-oath did create a disability, an
ineligibility.
Mr. THCJRMAN. Allow me to say this,
as I want to be understood correctly about
that: if the test-oath were constitutional, which
I do not believe it was, then I would say that
it did create a disability.
Mr. MORTON. Well, I assume that it was
constitutional and my friend admits that if it
was constitutional it created a disability, it
created an ineligibility, the same in its effect
precisely as that created by the fourteenth
amendment. Now, sir, what is the history of
the question ? When Dr. Miller was elected
from Georgia he could not take the test-oath;
he had been engaged m the x-ebellion ; he was
ineligible. The Legislature had elected a man
who had no right to be elected, who was incom-
petent to take the seat, and the election was
invalid beyond all question. Now, what was
done ? Two years after that election had taken
place this Congress passed a bill which au-
thorized Dr. Miller to take his seat without
taking the test-oath; and it was held by a
majority of the Senate that that related back,
and made the election valid. The Senator
from Ohio held that very doctrine. I remem-
ber his argument; it is too fresh to be forgot-
ten. I do not know whether the Senator from
Wisconsin argued the question, but I believe
he did report as a member of the committee in
favor of the right of Dr. Miller to take his seat
upon the removal of that disability.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator is at all
anxious to snow my opinion on that subject
I can inform him that if he will revive his
recollection he will remember that I voted to
admit Dr. Miller on the express ground that
the test-oath was unconstitutional, and sub-
mitted remarks, extending for an hour or more,
to prove it.
Mr. MORTON. I believe the Senator is
correct; I remember now that he did take that
position; but that was not the ground on which
it was put by the Senate generally, because the
great body of the Senate have always held that
that oath was constitutional; and we are not
prepared to say now that it was not. I must
do the Senator from Wisconsin the justice to
say that I remember now that that was his
opinion, that he did argue the question on
that ground; but the case was put upon the
ground that when we passed a special bill
authorizing Dr. Miller to come in without
taking the test-oath, that had the effect to
relate back and make his election valid,
although it was confessedly invalid at the time
it was read. ' >
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call the attention
of my friend from Indiana to a distinction
which I think exists, for the reason that I wish
to get his views upon it. Is it his belief that a
personal disqualification in the person elected,
which may be removed by an act of Congress,
has the same effect as an absolute want of
power in the Legislature to elect at the time
they do elect?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think that
that does not affect the question. The ques-
tion is the validity of the election. Its in-
validity may arise, first, from a want of power
in the body to elect, or, second, it may exist
from a want of power of the person to be
elected; and what is the difference? In the
case of Dr. Miller, the person elected had not
the capacity to be elected, and that was con-
fessed ; but the incapacity was subsequently
removed, and that related back and made his
election valid. The Legislature that elected
Blodgett, it may be said, technically under
the law of Congress, according to the con-
struction given by the Senator from Ohio, had
not the power to elect, but that same Legisla-
ture had *tlie power to change the meeting of
the new Legislature to a period subsequent to
the beginning of that term, and exercised it
directly afterward.
I want to make one remark here as to that
law. I think my friend from Ohio said last
week, when he argued this question, that this
change of meeting of the Legislature of
Georgia was a trick—I think my friend us§d
that word—for the purpose of validating Mr.
Blodgett's election. I beg to do Mr. Blodgett
the justice to say that that remark is without
foundation : my friend is misinformed. I am
told that that that change was made by the
concurrence of both parties; that it was re-
ported from the committee on the judiciary in
the house of representatives when a majority
of Democrats were present, and that there
were very few who voted against it, Democrats
or anybody else. It was not done for a trick ;
it was done because it was thought that it was
wise to do it and because there was an exist-
ing power in the constitution of Georgia to
do it.
But I submit to my friend from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scott,] in answer to his interroga-
tory, that the Legislature of Georgia had the
power, and if a vacancy should occur to-day—
and I beg the attention of Senators to this
point—if my friend from Georgia [Mr. Hill]
were to resign to-day and the Governor were
to call a special session for any purpose, he
would be bound to call the old Legislature,
because they are still the Legislature under
the constitution of Georgia, until their succes-
sors are elected and qualified, and they would
elect his successor if he now were to resign.
Mr. HILL. I will say to the Senator that,
as a piece of history, I can recall one special
session of the Legislature of Georgia. It was
not under this constitution, but my recollec-
tion is that the words in this constitution are
like those of that which preceded it in regard
to all officers holding until their successors
were qualified. In that case, a very memor-
able occasion, during the administration of
Governor Troup, and a very exciting one, the
Legislature called together before the time of
the annual meeting was the new Legislature
elected, not the old Legislature. That is my
recollection. I do not think anybody believes
in Georgia, who held an office after the failure
of the Legislature to prolong their own terms
in what was the great struggle of last year,
that it could be continued indefinitely.
Mr. MORTON. I did not yield for a speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will resume.
Mr. MORTON. What the Legislature did
in putting off the next session was expressly
in pursuance of a power given ; and when that
power was exercised, inasmuch as that power
existed at the time of this election, can make
no difference. This Legislature, although its
existence may be prolonged by its own act,
had the power given to it to perform that act.
We heard much said in the course of the Geor-
gia discussion a year ago about this Legislature
protracting its own existence. So far as that
is concerned, it is exactly in pursuance of a
power given. This Congress has power to pro-
tract the existence of this session or to cut it
off to-morrow. We may sit here all summer
if we choose. It may bean abuse of our power,
but still we have the power. The Legislature
of Georgia may not have done right in putting
off the session of the new Legislature until
November, 1871, but it had the power to do
it; there is no dispute about that; and until
it meets in pursuance of that act, that Legis-
lature is still in existence in contemplation of
law; and if Georgia should be invaded to-mor-
row and the Governor were compelled to call
the Legislature together to provide for its
defense, he must call that same Legislature
which elected Foster Blodgett; and if while
it was in session my friend from Georgia should
resign his seat on this floor, that same Legis-
lature would elect his successor.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me
to say that that is not according to the pre-
cedents in other States. The State of Mis-
souri has frequently had called sessions of the
Legislature after the old Legislature has ad-
journed and before the regular time of meet-
ing of the new Legislature, and it has always
been the new Legislature that has met.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know what the
constitution of Missouri is, but I understand
this: that if the constitution of Missouri pro-
vides, for example, that the Legislature of
Missouri shall meet on the 1st of November,
1871, and if it provides that the old members
shall hold their offices until the new ones are
qualified, in that case if the Governor of Mis-
souri calls the Legislature of Missouri together
he is bound to call the old one, because that
is in existence now, and he must call the exist-
ing Legislature, and not one that does not
exist.
Mr. BLAIR. The terms of the constitution
of Missouri are precisely like those now under
consideration. The question was agitated
there when Senator Drake resigned his seat in
this body. It was the intention of the Gov-
ernor to call the old Legislature together to
elect a Senator, but it was found that he had
no power to do it, such had been the prece-
dents in our State under a similar constitution ;
and if he had called the Legislature together
the new Legislature would have met.
Mr. MOHTON. I am not of course pre-
pared to contradict my friend from Missouri,
I do not know what the provisions of the con-
stitution of Missouri are, I do not know the
circumstances surrounding it; but I speak of
what must be the legal course of the Governor
of Georgia in view of the acknowledged pro-
visions of the constitution of Georgia. There
is no getting over it.
I would in conclusion say again that to give
to the act of Congress of 1866 the construction
demanded by my friend from Ohio is to mak?
