1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
it clearly unconstitutional. We have no power
at all over this matter except to fix the time of
the election ; and I am not sure but that that
act is unconstitutional anyhow. I do not think
it is definite enough in regard to the time; but
our power does not go beyond that except in
regard to the manner, whether it shall be by
joint convention or by each house, by ballott,
or viva voce; but upon this question we are
now discussing we only have one power, and
that is as to the question of time. When we
designate the time of election the Legislature
that is in existence under the constitution of
the State must elect the Senator.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator wish
to go on now, or will he yield to a motion to
adjourn?
Mr. SCOTT. If it is the desire of the Sen-
ate to adjourn, I have no objection to that
motion being made.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is now late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield ?
Mr. SCOTT. If it is the desire of the Sen-
ate, I will yield; if not, I shall occupy but
little time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before my friend from
Pennsylvania begins, and while our friends on
the other side are here, I wish to give notice
that they having voted against proceeding with
the bill to protect the rights of citizens under
the Constitution to-day and to insist upon pro-
ceeding with this matter, I shall ask the friends
of that bill to still stand by disposing of it on
Thursday, even if we do not begin it until
Thursday morning.
Several Senatoks. We will take it up to-
morrow.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this discus-
sion has proceeded to some extent on the
assumption that we have before us a conflict
of power between the Legislature elected in
Georgia in December last, and to assemble
next November, and that which was elected, I
believe, in April, 1868, and which is to con-
tinue in office until next November. I do not
think that conflict is here, and I think the
only question which we have now to determine
is, whether Foster Blodgett was legally elected
on the 3d of February, 1870; and as the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections proposes to admit him
on the prima facie case and postpone the
discussion of the real question tSRthe future,
it is well for us to look at all that enters into
this case. I do not think there is any neces-
sity for postponing it. The prima facie case
is the whole case. It all turns upon the act
of Congress of the 25th of July, 1866, and the
constitution of Georgia.
Now, sir, as the Senator from Indiana has
referred to that act of the 25th of July, 1866,
before I proceed to show that it is only the
validity of the proceeding of the Georgia Legis-
lature in February, 1870, that is before us, let
me "turn for a moment to the question made
by the Senator from Indiana with reference to
the constitutionality of the act of the 25th of
July, 1800. The Senator makes the point upon
the assumption that the act of Congress fixes
the Legislature which shall make the election.
If he will read carefully the act of Congress
I think he will discover that "the Legislature"
is introduced solely for the purpose of fixing
the time. It is conceded that all the control
Congress has over this question is as to the
time and manner of election.
What, then, is the time that is fixed? It is
the second Tuesday after the meeting and
organization of the Legislature which shall be
«hosen next preceding the expiration of the
senatorial term. That is the reason why '' the
Legislature" is introduced at all. It was
necessary to fix some time. The act of Con-
gress could not say that the senatorial election
should occur on such a day in December or
such a day in June, because the time of meet-
ing of the Legislatures is fixed by the respect-
ive State constitutions, and it would be utterly
impossible to fix any definite day which would
answer the exigencies of the meeting of the
Legislatures in the various States. There-
fore, this circumlocution is used for the pur-
pose of fixing the time, and that only, and
hence the act of Congress is constitutional
in that point of view. It does not undertake
to pick out this, that, or the other Legislature,
but simply provides that on the second Tues-
day after the meeting and organization of the
Legislature chosen next preceding the expira-
tion of the senatorial term the election shall
take place.
Very well; that is the time when this Sen-
ator is to be elected. In pursuance of that,
what has been done in Georgia? On the 3d
of February, 1870—I believe that is the do,y
on which the election occurred—Foster Blod-
gett was elected.
Mr. HILL. The 16th of February.
Mr. SCOTT. The 16th is the date of the
credentials, but my impression is that he was
elected on the 3d of February. That, how-
ever, is immaterial. In February, 1870, what
was the position of things in Georgia? As
the constitution then stood, the Legislature
elected in 1868 was authorized to hold over
till the qualification of its successors. I read
from the third article, section one, clause two:
"But the Genera! Assembly may by law change
the time of election, and tlie members shall hold
until their successors are eleoted and qualified."
In February, 1870, the time when their suc-
cessors would be elected, as the law then stood,
was in the following November. I read again
from the eleventh section of the second article :
" The election of Govern or, members of Congress,
and of the General Assembly, after the year 1868,
shall commence, on the Tuesday afrortho first Mon-
day in November, unloss otherwise provided by
law."
Then, unless the latent power of the Legis-
lature to change the time of election should be
called into exercise, thatelcction would occur
in November, 1870. Then, proceeding again
with the constitution of Georgia: &
"The first meeting of the General Assembly shall
be within ninety days after the adjournment of this
convention"—
The Legislature met in July, 1868—
"after whioh it shall meet annually on the second
Wednesday in January, or on such other day as the
General Assembly may prescribe."
Now, then, on the day when Mr. Blodgett
was elected, the next Legislature was to be
elected in November, 1870, and that Legisla-
ture was to meet on the second Wednesday in
January, 1871, unless the power confided to
the Georgia Legislature should be exercised
to fix some other day of meeting. That power
had not been exercised on the day they elected
Foster Blodgett; and therefore, as the law and
the constitution then stood, that was not the
Legislature contemplated to be elected and
organized next preceding the expiration of the
senatorial term which they were to fill, be-
cause there was to be an election held in the
following November, and the Legislature then
elected was to organize on the second Wednes-
day of the following January, and that all pre-
ceded the 4th of March, 1871.
That being the case, it is too clear for argu-
ment that the election on the day when it was
held was unauthorized. I do not think my hon-
orable friend from Indiana will deny that it was
unauthorized on the day when it was held, for
the body that elected him was not at that time
the Legislature to be chosen and qualified next
preceding the happening of the vacancy. Very
we'll, then, we are brought to the question
whether the action of the Legislature in the
following October, postponing the meeting of
this Legislature until November of this year,
gives validity to an act which was illegal at
the time it was performed. That is the real
question now with regard to Foster Blodgett's
credentials. Does- the postponement of the
meeting of the Legislature—for the election is
an immaterial matter—give validity to his
credentials?
It is not necessary to consider the question
of conflict between the two -Legislatures; be-
cause this Legislature has not, since it did
postpone the meeting of the, next one, elected
a Senator, and the next one has not yet come
into being to elect a Senator. If this Legis-
lature had met after they passed this law, and
had elected another man, and he was hez«
claiming against Foster Blodgett, then we
should have the conflict which has been argued
here, and we may have that yet; I do not
know. But, sir, we have it not now; we have
simply the question whether the exercise of
the power confided to the Georgia Legislature
of postponing the time of the meeting of the
new Legislature renders a legal and regular
election that which was an illegal and irregu-
lar one at the time it occurred.
Now, sir, I think, instead of giving any
validity to it, the question is so plain that the
statement of it is all that can be made. -There
is no argument about it; and it differs from
the Tennessee case just in this: that in the
Tennessee case the election was legal and was
regular when it occurred, and then the State, by
its own action, changed the time of the meet-
ing of the Legislature without undertaking to
undo what the previous Legislature had done.
If that constitutional convention had under-
taken to undo the election which had preceded
it, then the question might arise; but there
was a legal and regular election at the time it
occurred, and a change afterward without
undertaking to undo it. Here is an illegal and
an irregular election at the time it occurred,
and a change afterward without an attempt to
legalize the act.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to present a point?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator con-
tend that in no case would the election of a
Senator be held good where the Legislature
at the time of the election had no jurisdiction
to elcct? Is that the point? If that be the
point, I would suggest to him that there are
numerous cases where the Legislatures of new
States, and of the reorganized States in the
South, elected without any authority of law,
but they were subsequently received by the
action of Congress, in those cases did Con-
gress elect the Senators, or were they elected
by the Legislatures which at the time of the
election had no authority to elect?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Nevada is
too good a lawyer not to know that it is hardly
fair to put a case simply on the abstract ques-
tion of whether there must be an election at
the time. But if the wrong Legislature, a Le-
gislature which has no jurisdiction on the sub-
ject, undertakes to elect, it is not the element
ot time that is m it; it is the element of power.
We are not on a question of time; it is the .
element of'authority, of jurisdiction.
Mr. STEWART. Take a State not in the
Union, has she any authority to elect Senators ?
Mr. SCOTT. I will agree with the Senator
in this, that where a competent Legislature
exists, a Legislature coming within the defini-
tion of the one last preceding the happening
of the vacancy, elects upon a different day
from that which is Hxed by the act of Congress,
it would bring up the question which he makes,
whether the act is merely directory, or whether
it is mandatory; but that is not the question
which we have before us.
Mr. STEWART. Take a case where the
Legislalure itself has no authority, the State
not being admitted into the Union, when it has
no authority to do any act as a Slate, and sub-
sequently the State is admitted and Senators
are received. That is the common practice.
They are elected by a State tbat had no author-
ity, and that is cured by the subsequent admis-
sion of the State. Then were tlie Senators
elected by the State or by Congress? In such
cases have not men been admitted here as
Senators, though the Legislature at the time
of the election had no authority to elect ?
