1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 10, 1871.
Tbe House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday last was read.
correction.
Mr. McNEELY. I ask that the Journal be
corrected. I notice in. the Globe that I am
recorded as not voting on the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holm an.] 1 voted in the affirmative, and I
desire the correction to be made.
The correction was made.
The Journal, as corrected, was then ap-
proved.
order of business.
The- SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, forthe introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees when appointed, and not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider. Under
this call memorials and resolutions of State
and territorial Legislatures are in order for
printing and reference.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
338) for the removal of legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the special
Committee on the President's Message, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his bill nntil the next call, so
that it may be put through this morning.
Mr. HALE. I prefer that it should be
received and referred as I have indicated.
asa b. russell.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H. E. No. 339)
for the relief of Asa B. Russell; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
oliver welch.
• Mr. FRYE also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
340) for the relief of Oliver Welch; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
smithsonian institution reports.
Mr. POLAND submitted a concurrent reso-
lution for printing reports of the Smithsonian
Institution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
bankruptcy.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 341) to amend an act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
punishment of crimes.
Mr.BROOKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 342) to provide for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
new york and brooklyn intercourse.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
343) to facilitate ingress and egress between
the cities of New York and Brooklyn, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
seizures.
Mr. ROOSEVELT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 344) in relation to seizures under the laws
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
interpretation of revenue laws.
Mr. ROOSEVELT also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 345) to facilitate the legal inter-
pretation of the revenue laws of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
daniel b. zimmerman.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 340) for the relief of Daniel B. Zim-
merman, late of the ninety-third regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and, with the accom-
panying papers, ordered to he printed.
printing-house for this blind.
Mr. DUKE presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Virginia,
in regard to aid in establishing an Ameri-
can printing-house for the blind ; which was
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and ordered to be printed.
claim of virginia.
Mr. PORTER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Virginia, in
regard to the claim of the State of Virginia
against the United States for advances, &c.,
during the war of 1812; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
savannah and memphis railroad.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
347) authorizing the Savannah and Memphis
Railroad Company of Alabama to enter pub-
lic lands ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
selma and gulf railroad.
Mr. SLOSS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 348) granting public lands in alternate sec-
tions to the State of Alabama to aid in the
construction of the Selma and Gulf railroad :
which was readafirstand second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lauds, and
ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. TURNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
349) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution;
which was readafirstand second-time, referred
to the special Committee on the President's
Message in Regard to the Condition of the
South, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 350) for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities from certain citizens of Mis-
sissippi therein named ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the special
Committee on the President's Message in
Regard to the Condition of the South.
presidential electors in louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R,
No. 351) to prescribe the time for holding the
election for choosing electors for President and
Vice President in the State of Louisiana, for
the year 1872 ; which was read a first and
second lime, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
monroe, fulton, and santa fifi railroad.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3-52) to incorporate the Monroe, Fulton, and
Santa F6 Railroad Company; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
report of geological survey.
Mr. MONROE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 44) authorizing the printing of the
report ofthegeological survey; which was read
a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Printing. i
REPORT ON ALLEGED OUTRAGES IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. MONROE also submitted a concurrent
resolution for printing report and accompany-
ing testimony of Senate select Committee, on
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a con-
current resolution for printing the report of
the Commissioner of Agriculture for the year
1870 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
TAXES ON DISTILLED SPIRITS AND TOBACCO.
Mr. ARTHUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
353) to amend section fifty-six of an act entitled
"An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes," approved
July 20, 1868 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
HOMESTEAD LAWS.
Mr. ARTHUR also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 354) amendatory of the homestead laws ;
whicti was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. McHENRY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 355) to remove the disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the special Committee on the President's
Message.
HENRY AYItES AND GEORGE WOLELIN AND CO.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
350) forthe relief of Henry Ayres and George
Wolflin & Co., of Indiana; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and to be referred to the Committee of Claims.
HORACE B. SIIEPARD.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced abill(H. R.
No. 357) for the relief of Horace B. Shepard,
of Indiana; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and to be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
WILLIAM GREEN.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 358) for the relief of William Green, of
Knox county, Indiana ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to theCommiitee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
MARIA SELLERS.
Mr. PACKARD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
359) grantingapensionto MariaSellers; which
was read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
PENSIONS FOR WAR OF 1812.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
300) amendatory of an act granting pensions
to the survivors of the war of 1812 who served
sixty days, and to their widows, approved
February 14, 1871; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions the War of 1812.
alexander southerland.
Mr. CREBS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 361) granting arrears of pensions to lha
minor heirs of Alexander Southerland, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second
time, and, with the accompanying papers, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MAR? C. JACKSON.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3G2) granting a pension to Mary C. Jack-
son ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
PUBLIC PARK AT WASHINGTON.,
Mr. BURDETT also introduced a hil< (H
R, No. 363) for the establishment of a public
