560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10;
park at the city of Washington, and for the
sale of reservations, the property of the United
Stales, not needed for public uses; which was
read a first and second time, and -referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
kansas city and memphis railroad.
Mr. BURDETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 864) granting lands to the Kansas City
and Memphis Railroad Company ; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
compensation fob buildings destroyed.
Mr. HAVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
365) to provide for compensation to owners for
buildings destroyed in the loyal States during
the late rebellion while in the use and occu-
pation of the United States; which wag read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
laclede and fort scott railroad.
Mr. HAVENS also introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 366) granting lands for right of way to the
Laclede and Fort Scott Railroad Company ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
SARAH REYNOLDS.
Mr. FINKELNBURG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3G7) granting a pension to Surah Rey-
nolds; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
HOMESTEAD SKTTLEUS.
Mr. STOUGHTON presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Mich-
igan, requesting their members of Congress to
use their influence in procuring the passage of
an act permitting actual settlers locating lands
under the homestead laws to make all neces-
sary affidavits and proofs of settlement before
the county clerks of the counties where said
lands are situaied; which was ordered to he
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
ROSANNA (iCINN.
Mr. DONNAN introduced a bill (II. It. No.
3G8) granting a pension to Ilosanna Quinn;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ISLAND OK YKRISA lillti.NA.
Mr. ELDUIDGH. I introduce, by request,
a bill (II. R. No. 369) for the relief of Benja-
min S. Brooks, Egbert Judson, and John Cen-
ter, in relation to the island of Yerba Buena,
in the bay of San Francisco.
The bill was read a first and second time",
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
hastings anl) dakota railway.
Mr. AVERILL introduced a bill (H. 11.
No. 370) to donate lands to the Hastings and
Dakota Railway Company, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the Minnesota
State line westerly to the Missouri river; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
sir AWN kb and QUAl'AW indians, etc
Mr. LOWE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R, No. 45) explanatory of the provis-
ions of the fourth article of the treaty of Feb-
ruary 23,18G7, with the Shawnee and Quapaw
and other Indians; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SAORIMEXTO IIUUGATION COMPANY.
Mr. HEREFORD introduced a bill (H. II.
No. 371) gianting the right of way and lands
to the Sacramento Irrigation and Navigation
Company; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
pecos and placer canal company.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 372) granting the right of way and
lands to the Pecos and Placer Canal Company,
of New Mexico ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
mail routes in nevada.
Mr. KENDALL presented a resolution of
the Legislature ofNevada, relative to the estab-
lishment of a mail route between Elko and
Tusearora, Nevada; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENDALL also presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Nevada, relating to the
establishment of mail service from the town
of Wadsworth, Nevada, to Independence, Cal-
ifornia, and establishing certain post offices;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KENDALL also presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Nevada, relative to the
establishment of mail service from Pine Grove
to Rockland, and establishing a post office
at Rockland, Nevada; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
national reduction works.
Mr. KENDALL also presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Nevada, relative to the
establishment of reduction works by the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to bo
printed.
boundaries of nevada.
Mr. KENDALL also presented a resolution
and memorial of the Legislature of Nevada,
relative to theannexation of a portion ofldaho
Territory to the State of Nevada; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to bo printed.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. KENDALL also presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Nevada, relative to list-
ing lands to the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
swamp lands in nevada.
Mr. KENDALL also presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Nevada, relative to swamp
and overflowed lands; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENDALL also presented an addi-
tional resolution of the Legislature of Nevada,
relative to swamp and overflowed lands; which
was relerred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
public lands in nevada.
Mr. KENDALL also presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Nevada, relative to pub-
lic lands granted by Congress to the State of
Nevada; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 311)
in relation to the payment of the salary of
Robert C. Schenck, envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of the United States
to Great Britain, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the resolution for
the appointment of a joint committee to in-
quire into the condition of the late insurrec-
tionary States, in respect to the execution of
the laws and the safety to life and property
therein, and had appointed as such committee
on its part Mr. Scorn?, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Chand-
ler, Mr. Rice, Mr. Nye, Mr. Bayard, and
Mr. Blair.
The message further announced that the
President had notified the Senate that h" had
approved and signed bills of the follouing
titles :
An act (S. No. 88) to amend an act entitled
•''An act to divide the State of Virginia into two
judicial districts;"
An act (S. No. 220) authorizing the Pres-
ident to appoint commissioners to examine
and report upon the Sntro tunnel, in the State
of Nevada; and
An act (S. No. 296) granting a pension to
Phoebe Sofield, widow of Louis Sofield.
dakota triangular contest.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. 1 ask to present a
preamble and joint resolution for the relief of
disabilities in the Dakota triangular contest.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the coveted seat of M. K. Aemsteong,
sitting Delegate in this House irom the territory
of Dakota, is contested by two of his late deieated
Republican opponents substantially upon the fol-
lowing grounds of disability, namely ; first, that he
had no business to be a Democrat; second, he had
no right to run for Congress; third, it was illegal for
hiui to receive more voies than either of the Repub-
lican candidates; and finally, that the people of
Dakota had no right to elect a Democrat to Congress
when two am bitious Republicans were running for
and counted upon the same ofiicc; and whereas it la
evident Irom the result of the late election in that
Territory that three political parties cannot run
thrco tickets and all besuccessful; and inasmuch as
it is plain, without debate, that three live Delegates
from one Territory cannot all sit m one congressional
chair, without the removal of " natural disabilities;"
and whereas the people ol Dakota are leartul of
being " represented to death," by a swarm ol con-
testants who desire to roll the sweet moisel #f mite-
age and compensation beneath tbeir tongues as a
healing salve lor political deieat; and whereas the
sitting Delegate is not indictable for being layered
with votes which his opponents expected to get, and
is not blamable lor receiving the highest number ot
votes at ttio polls, and in being awarded, as he was, tho
certificate of election by a Republican board of can-
vassers and tbo freo indorsement of a Republican
Legislature; and whereas this House does not con-
sider it an "outrage"for a Democrat to bo elceted
Delagate to Congress, provided ho behaves himself,
docs not vote on adjournment, nor make long
speeches on Ku Klux "outrages:" Therelore,
Jieit resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, <f?e.. That fair and deliberate elections by the
people of Dakota are hereby declared to be as valid
and legal as donbtlul majorities in the doubtful
States of New Hampshire and Connecticut; and that,
out ot respect to the choice ot the people of Dakota
ill the lato election, the sitting Delegate be permitted
to retain his seat in this House long enough, at
least, to warm the chair he sits in and to frank home
to his constituents all the speeches recently made by
members on the Ku Klas " outrageous bill."
And be it Jitrther resolved, That an "anxious
bench " lor Dakota contestants be prepared in tront
ol the Speaker's stand, and that the time lor taking
testimony ill tho Dakota triangular contest be ox-
tended throughout the Forty-Second Congress, and
whenever the contestants and sitting Delegate shall
have submitted ali their evidence, the Committee
of Elections are requested to report to tho House
whether they have made the important discovery
that, by any treak in politics, itireo men can be
elected to tho same office at the same time; and, if
so, how it is done.
[Great laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot let this
pass without remarking that the preamble and
joint resolution have come in so far by avoid-
ing the rule. No such resolution could be
fairly offered under the call for bills and joint
resolutions. It- is evidently a matter outside
of the action of the House of Representatives,
and the Chair cannot allow it to be referred.
WAGON-ROADS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also presented a memo-
rial of the territorial Legislative Assembly
of Dakota, in relation to the construction
of emigrant wagon-roads through the public
domain in that '1'ernCory ; which was referred
to the Committee an the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
territorial supreme court reports.
Mr. McCORMICII, of Arizona, introduced a
bill (II. II. No. 373J) to authorize the printing
of the reports of the supreme courts in the
Territories; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
