1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
and pass the bill relating to the harbor at
Buffalo, New York.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended, (two thirds voting in favor thereof,)
and the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES rose.
WITHDRAWAL OF LANDS.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Haw-
lex*,] who gave way temporarily, for the pur-
pose of modifying his bill, to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Williams.] , It will be
the duty of the Chair to tecogtiize the ^en-
tlemau from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] on
behalf of the committee to whom was referred
the appropriation bill as soon as this bill is
disposed of. The bill of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] will be reported as now
modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill to provide for the withdrawal of the public
lands from sale, and for the manner in which they
may be disposed of under the homestead and pre-
emption laws.
Be it enacted, &c.y That from and after the passage
of this act all the public lands of the United States
shall bewithdrawn from market, and thereafter they
shall be disposed of only under and by virtue of the
homestead and preemption laws, except so far as
they may be from time to time granted by Congress
for the purposes of education: Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall prevent the location of
college scrip and land warrants, nor the fulfilling
upon the part of the United States of any existing
contract or agreement.
The question was upon suspending the rules
and passing the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. I understand that this same bill
has been rejected by this House during the
present session.
Mr. HAWLEY. The gentleman is mistaken.
Il has not been before the House during this
session.
The SPEAKER. Even if the bill had been
rejected during this session, that would not be
an objection to the motion, because the motion
is to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. CONGER. It has been killed every
session during the last four years.
Mr. HAWLEY. So far as.I know the bill
has not been in this House at any time until
now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to inquire whether
the effect of this bill would be to close all the
land offices throughout the country to private
entries ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again
read, for the information of the House.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill is clearly right.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] allow us to debate the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of
any gentleman to allow debate. On a motion
to suspend the rules debate must proceed by
unanimous consent if at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate. We
all understand the question.
The question being put oil suspending the
rules and passing the bill,
The SPEAKER stated that by the sound
two thirds did not seem to have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fourteen, not a sufficient number.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty-
nine.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair, on the vote for tellers a sufficient num-
ber have voted to order the yeas and nays, and
the vote will be so construed if there be no
objection.
There was no objection.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 56, nays 102, not voting 69 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Acker, Arthur.Beatty, Bird, Bright,
Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Cook, Cox, Crebs,
Creely, Davis, Farwell. Finkelnburg, Henry D. Fos-
ter. Garrett, Uolladay. Griffith, Hawley, Hay, Here-
ford, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar. Holmaiu Kendall, Kerr.
Lamison. Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Kinney, McNeely,Moore, NiblnckJIosea W.Parker,
Eli Perry, Platt.Potter.Randall, WilliamR. Roherts,
Scofield. Shober, Slocum, Stevenson, Storm, Wash-
ington Townsend, Waddell, Whitthorne, Williams
of New York, John X. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer. Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Bell, Austin Blair, Braxton, George
M. Brook5?. Buckley, Bnifmton, Burdof.t, Ooburn,
Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Cros«land, Dawes, De
Large, Donnan,Dox,DuBose, Dukc,Dunnell, Eames,
Eldridgc. Ely, Charles Foster. Frye, Garfield. Hand-
ley, Hanks,Harper,George E. Harris,John T. Harris,
Havens. Hays. Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Haxlo-
ton, Kelley, King, Lampoit, Lansing, Leach, Lewis,
Maynard, MeCormiek, MoGrow, Mcllonry, Moln-
tyre, MeJunkin, McKee, Mcrcur.Merriam, Merrick,
Monroe, Moroy, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker. Pock, Pendleton, Poland, Porter, Prindlo,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer. Seeley, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,Slater, Sloss, John
A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Spragne. Ste-
vens. Stoughton, Sutherland. Swann, Terry, Turner.
Twichell, Tyner. Vaughan, Wakeman.Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallaee.Walls, Wells, Whiteley, and Williams
of Indiana—102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Beck, Big-
by, Biggs, Bingham, Jniues G. Blair, James Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cnrroll,
Clarke, Cobb, Critcher, Darrall, Dickey, Duel!, Ed-
wards, Elliott, Farnsworth, Forker, Getz, Goodrich,
Haldeman.Hale,Halscy, llamhleton.Harmor,Hoop-
er. Ketchani. Killinger, Kinsella, Lynch, McCrary,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Morphis,
Leonard Myers. Negley, Oir, Perce, Aaron F. Periy,
Peters. Price, Rainey. Read, Ritchie, Robinson, Ses-
sions, Shoemaker, H.Boardman Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,Stowell, St. John, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend. Tuthill, Upson,
VanTrump, Voorhecs, Warren,Washburn, Wheeler,
Willard, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—69.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
RELEASK OF FENIAN PRISONERS.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution* for consideration
at this timo:
Resolved, That the President, if not incompatible
with the public interest, communicate to this House
any unpublishedcorrespondencebetween the British
Government and our own relating to the release of
the Fenian prisoners, and especially that with refer-
ence to William G. Halpme's case.
Mr. McGKEW. I call for the regular order.
Mr. COX. The .State Department have in-
dicated their desire to have this resolution
adopted.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
INTKllNATj TAXES REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. KELLEY. T move that the rules be so
suspended as to adopt the following resolution :
Resolved, That this House reaffirms the resolution
adopted on the 12th of December, 1870, by theHouse
ot Representatives of the Fortieth Congress, declar-
ing that the true principle of revenue reform points
to the abolition of the internal revenue system,
which was created as a war measure to provide for
extraordinary expenses, and the continuance of
which involves the employment, at a cost of mil-
lions of dollars annually, of an army of assessors,
collectors, supervisors, detectives, and other offi-
cers previously unknown, and requires the repeal
at the earliest day consistent with the main-
tenance of the faith and credit of tho Government
of all stamp and other internal taxes; and that
properly adjusted r/itesshall be retained on distilled
spirits, tobuceo, and malt liquors so long as the
legitimate expenses of the Government require the
collection of any sum from internal taxes.
Mr. COX. .1 object to that pig iron resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sus-
pending the rules and passing the resolution.
Mr. KELLEY. And on that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 130, nays 21, not voting 70; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Averill, Barber, Bariy, Beatty, Austin Blair,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett, Car-
roll, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Creely, Crossland,
Davis, Dawes, I)e Large, Dickey, DuBoso. Duke,
Eames. Edwards, Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Charles Fos-
ter, Garfield, Golladay, Griffith. Ilandley, Hanks,
Harper. Havens, Hawley. Gerry W. Jlnzleton, John
W. Hazleton, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hol-
man. Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Keteham, King,
Lamison. Lamport, Lansing. Leacb, Lewis, Lowe,
Lynch, Manson, Maynard, McCleliand. McCormick,
McHenry, Mclctyre, McJunkln, McKee, McKia-
ncy, Mercur, Mcrriam, Merrick. Benjamin F. Mey-
ers, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Niblack, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Hosoa W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Randall, Ellis II. Roberts. William R. Roberts,
Rogers, Pi,usk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon.
Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, St. John,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Walls. Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of
Indiana. Williams of New York, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bird, Bright, Buckley, Bur-
chard, Caldwell. Campbell, Cotton, Cox, Donnan,
Dunncll, Finkelnburg. Garrett, George £. Harris,
Kerr, Edward Y. Rice, Roosevelt, Shanks, Taffe,
Terry, und Vauschan—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks. Beck, Big-
by, Biggs, Bingham, Jnmes G. Blair, James Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Crebs, Critcher, Darrall, Dox, Duell,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Frye. Getz, Goodrich. Haldeman, Hale, Halsey,
llambleton. Hariner, John T. Harris, Hay, Hays,
Killinger, Kinsella, Marshall, McCrary, McGrew,
McNecly, Mitchell, Morgan. Morphis. Leonard My-
ers, Negley, Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Peters, Potter,
Price, Prindle. Rainey, Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
Robinson, Sessions, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson,
Stowoll, Sutherland, Swann. Sypher, DwightTown-
send, Tuthill, Up^on, Yan Trump, Voorhees. War-
ren, Washburn, Whitthorne, Willard, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Winchestei—76.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended and the resolution
adopted.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the spe-
cial Committee on Appropriations to report
back the amendments of tne Senate to House
bill No. 19, making appropriations for the pay-
ment of additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes,
with a recommendation that some of them be
concurred in and that others be not concurred
in. I ask that those amendments be consid-
ered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, and that all general debate be limited
to two hours.
The SPEAKER. That will require a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I make that motion.
Mr. RANDALL. Two hours is not enough
for general debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes}
not to call this subject up till to-morrow.
Mr. NIBLACK. And I hope my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Dawes] will not limit
the debate for the present, but leave it in the
control of the House hereafter.
Mr. DAWES. It is suggested on this side
that two hours is altogether too long. I do not
myself want much time. If gentlemen on the
other side think it will take more than two
hours to slaughter this bill 
Mr. RANDALL. This bill as it went from
the House contained appropriations amount-
ing to $161,000. There have been added to it
sixty-four amendments of the most outrageous
character; swindlesfrom beginning to end.
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Pennsylva-
nia has not studied the bill as well as he ought
to have done.
Mr. RANDALL. I have studied every
line of it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not do
justice to this House. Th^bill went from the
House with appropriations amounting to onlv
$75,000,
Mr. COX. How much is appropriated by
the bill now?
Mr. DAWES. One million and a half of
dollars.
Mr. COX? Is that all? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. It is because of the import-
ant character of the amendments that I pro-
pose to allow two hours for general debate. If
that be considered not enough, let the House
take four hours.
Mr. COX. Two hours will be about one
hour for each million of dollars.
Mr. DAWES. If gentlemen desire a longer
time than two hours, I will consent to three
