mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
hours. The sense of the House can be tested
ty an amendment to my motion. The bill is
printed and has been before the House for a
week.
Mr. RANDALL. It is not printed as the
committee reports it.
Mr. DAWES. We do not report it. We
report back the Senate amendments. They
have been in print more than a week.
Mr. RANDALL. Do you report back all
of them 1
Mr. DAWES. Every one of them. What
else could we do with them?
Mr. BECK. You do not recommend con-
currence in all of them ?
Mr. DAWES. No; we recommend non-
concurrence in a great many.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair desires that the
House may understand the full effect of the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The motion is that the rules be suspended so
that the bill may be considered in the House
instead of in Committee of the Whole. If that
motion should now prevail it would cutoff any
other motion this afternoon to suspend the
rales, because the House would then be acting
under a suspension of the rules, and no other
motion for a suspension could be entertained.
Mr. DAWES. If it is desired to devote
to-day to other business, then let us make an
arrangement to consider this bill in the House
to-morrow as in Committee of the Whole. A
majority of the House can determine how much
time shall be given to general debate.
The SPEAKER. If it were agreed that
the bill should be considered in the House as
in Committee of the Whole, the House would
still have the right to determine the continu-
ance of debate. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] modifies his motion so
aa to provide simply that to-morrow morning,
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
the House will proceed to the consideration
of this bill as in Committee of the Whole.
The limitation of debate will be within the
control of the majority of the House after-
ward.
Mr. FINKELNBUKG. How does that
leave the debate for to day.
The SPEAKEll. Under that arrangement
the bill would not come before the House to-
day. There are several gentlemen who desire
to test the sense of the House to-day oti other
matters; and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts waives the consideration of this bill
to-day.
Mr. FINKELNBUKG. Will not the ar-
rangement now proposed confine all debate 011
this bill to the five-minutes rule?
The SPEAKER. It will not. Under the
suspension of the rules upon this motion, the
bill will simply be considered in the House as
in Committee of the Whole. It is not compe-
tent to consider the bill under the five-minutes
rule until general debate, either in committee
or in the House, has been closed. It will be,
however, within the power of the majority of
the House at any time to provide that the
debate shall proceed under the five-minutes
rule.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We understand, then,
that the rules of the House will apply to the
bill when it comes under consideration, that
the suspension of the rules simply provides
for its consideration in the House as in Com-
uiiitee of the Whole.
TheSPEAKER. That is all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. _ I wish to reserve the
right which we on this side lost on the " Ku
Klux bill " by misapprehension.
Mr. DAWES. What right does the gentle-
man desire to reserve?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [ilr. Eldf.iDGb] having again alluded
to the matter, the Chair will have to suspend
proceedings to make an explanation as to the
understanding which was had with reference
to ths "Ku Klux bill.'' If the gentleman lias
in i.s possession the Globe containing the
statement of that understanding, he will please
send it to the Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not the Globe
here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin questions the correctness of the Chair
in stating that all dilatory motions were cut
off by the understanding entered into upon the
Ku Klux bill. Having made reference to it
again, the Chair desires that the Globe may
be read, and therefore asks the Clerk of the
House to obtain the Globe of Tuesday last, so
that the understanding then entered into may
be read in the hearing of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I made no reflection
upon the Speaker. I supposed there was mis-
apprehension in reference to what was that
understanding. It may have been that I have
misunderstood it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's second
reference to the matter this morning compels
the Chair to ask that the understanding then
entered into may be read in the hearing of the
House, so that the House may know for itself
that the decision of the Chaic was in perfect
accordancewiththennderstandingenteredinto,
that no dilatory motions should be allowed on
the Ku Klux bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to be
understood as having made any reflection
upon the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes no
reflection upon the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, and it is only for his own protection that
he desires the understanding may be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It may have been that
there was misapprehension, as I have already
stated that I understood the arrangement one
way while the Speaker understood it another.
The SPEAKER. As the matter has been
referred to, and the correctness of the Chair
has been questioned, he desires the matter set
right so that it may be fully understood.
Mr. DAW13S. What does the genileman
from Wisconsin wish?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know precisely
what is the order to be made in reference to
the deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER. It is that after the read-
ing of the Journal to-morrow this bill shall be
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
that has been so often explained it is needless
to go over the same ground. Every gentle-
man knows what it is.
Mr. DAWES. The House can come to a
vote on any amendment at any time it pleases?
TheSPEAKER. It can.
Mr. WOOD. All points of order have been
reserved on this bill?
The SPEAKER. They have.
Mr ARCHER. It will be in order for me
to take a separate vote on each clause ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. What points of order can lie
against this biil in its present stage.
Mr. WOOD. I can state a great many points
of order which will lie against this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to know for ray own
information what points of order can be re-
served against this bill at this Stage.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen have the right
to reserve points of order, because they do not
know whether the committee have recom-
mended any amendments to the Senate amend-
ments. A point of order, however, cannot be
made against any of the Senate amendments,
but only to amendments proposed to the Senate
amendments.
Mr. DAWES. That is all T desire.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now take
the liberty of reading the understanding as
published in the Globe at the time in refer-
ence to the vote on the bill passed by the
House on Thursday last. The Chair prefers
to read it himself. li is as follows :
"TheSPEAKER. That proposition is that to-day
and to-morrow, including aa eveuiug session each
day—and the gentleman from. Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] suggests to include in the arrangement a
proposition that the House meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock—shall be devoted to general debate on this
bill, and that on the assembling of the House on
Wednesday morning it shall be in the power of the
majority to order the further disposition of the de-
bate. The Chair, of course, understands that to ex-
clude all forms ot dilatory motions, and that the five
or ten-minutes debate which tbe House may then
order shall continue until the House shall second
the demand for the previous question."
That is the language of the Chair, under
which the action was taken, and he is unable
to understand how language could be plainer.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to reserve a point of order on the
deficiency appropriation bill. The sixteenth
section proposes to perfect all homestead tides,
whether the parties have complied with the
law or not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make a point of order against any of the
amendments of the Senate. It is in the dis-
cretion of the House to adopt or to reject
them.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
that to-morrow, after the reading of the Jour-
nal, the amendments of the Senate to the de-
ficiency bill should be taken up and disposed
of in the House, as in the Committee of the
Whole.
APPORTIONMENT.
Mr. COBURN. I move to suspend tho
rules for the purpose of introducing and pass-
ing a bill giving additional representation to
certain States in the House of Representatives
in the Forty-Second Congress.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
following States shall be entitled to members
of the House of Representatives, in addition
to the number now allowed by law, for and dur-
ing the Forty-Second Congress, as follows:
the States of Alabama, Arkansas, California,
Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Minnesota, Mississippi, New York, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Vir-
ginia, each one additional member; the States
of Georgia, Kansas, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Texas, and Wisconsin, each two additional
members; the States of Iowa, Michigan, and
Missouri, each three additional members; and
.the State of Illinois four additional members.
The second section provides that the additional
members to which such States are by this*act
entitled shall be elected by general election in
such States, each State electing by general
ticket the number to which it is entitled; pro-
vided that if in any of &aid States no elec-
tion is provided for by law for the year 1871,
then, in such case, the election shall be held
at such time as rnay be provided by the Legis-
lature of the State; and in case the Legislature
does not make provision for such election, then
it shall be held on the day fixed by the Gov-
ernor of the State, by public proclamation at
least sixty days before the same takes place.
Mr. AMBLER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 95, noes 48.
Mr. PLATT and Mr. FINKELNBURG
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the aftirmative—yeas 107, nays 50, not voting
64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Archcr,
Banks, Bcatty, Bell, Bud, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, George M. iJrooks, Buthnton, Caldwell. Oar-
roll, Cox. Cicely, Cropland, Davis, Davvco, Dickey,
Box, DuBose. Duke, E.imes, Edwards, Eldrtdge.
Ely, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Erye. (-Kir^tt,
Ilambloton, Hundley, Hanks, Harper. John T. Har-
ris, John W. Hazleton, lleroiord, liibbard, Hoar,
Holuian, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham,
Lamison, Lamport, beach, Lewis, Mnr^u;i. May-
nard, McClelland,Mettemy, MoJunkin, McKmney,
Mercnr, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe, .Niolnek, P.tcker, Jiosea W. Parlor, Peck.
Pendleton, Eli Perry, Poland, Porter. Prmdie, Itan-
dall,Edward Y. Rice, John M.Rice, Ellis K. Huberts.
William R. Roberts, Rooseveit, So«>field, Sceiey,
Shellabargcr, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, SJoss, ii.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Stevens,
Storm, St. John, Sveann, Terry, Thomas, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
doll, Wakeruan, Wallace, "Wheeler, Wliiteley, Wil-
