1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
liams of New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, nncl Young—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Averill, Barber, Buckley,
Burcbard, Burdett, Campbell, Co burn, Comingo,
Conger, Cook, Cotton, Crebs, Donnan, Bunnell,
Elliott, Fornsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Griffith,
llawley. Ilay, Gerry W. Ilaileton, Hill, King.Lowe,
Lynch, Marshall, McCormick, MeCrary, Mclntyre,
MeKee, McNeely, Moore, Packard, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker. Perce, Piatt, Robinson, Rusk, Sawyer,
Shanks, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague. Stevenson,
Stoughton, Taffe, Twichell, Tyner. Walden, Wal-
dron, Walls, Wells, Williams of Indiana, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Ames, Barry, Beck. Bigby,
Bi«gs, Bingham, James 0. Blair, James Brooks,
Benjamin 1<\ Butler, Roderick 11. Butler, Clarke,
Oob'b, Critcher, Darrall, De Large. Duell, Porker,
Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Goodrich, llaldeman, Halo,
llalscy, Harmcr, George E. Harris, Havens, Hays,
Killinger, Kinseila, Lansing, McGrew, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Ncgley,
Oir, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Rainey,
Itead, Ritchie, Rogers, Sessions, Sheldon, Sbober,
Shoemaker, Worthmgton C. Smith, It. Milton Speer,
Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill. Upson, Voorhees, Warren, Washburn, Whit-
thorne, and Willard—61.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the result of
the vote on the motion to adjourn,
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. FORKER, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence until Thursday next.
Air. RAINEY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for three days.
WILLIAM GRANT.
On motion of Mr. DE LARGE, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers of Wil-
liam Grant, in relation to certain claims against
the United States.
The result of the vote on the motion to adjourn
was then announced as above recorded; and
thereupon (at three o'clock and five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of John
C. Bickford, of Bristol, Rhode Island, for an
extension of patent of a new and useful im-
provement in rolling India-rubber cloth.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of Charles
W. Nowlon, of Taylor county, West Virginia,
for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of George W.
Cox, F. W. Barkon, and 109 others, soldiers
and citizens of Paulding county, Ohio, asking
that a law be passed granting to each soldier,
sailor, and marine one hundred and sixty acres
of land without actual settlement; also, a
bounty of $8 33 J from date of enlistment until
discharged.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Joseph Whittlesey and many others, prayingfor
land warrants and equalization of bounties for
soldiers.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 11, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Player by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chaplain
_ of'he House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HARBOR AT BUFFALO.
The bill (IT. R. No. 381) relating to the
harbor at Buffalo, New York, was read twice
by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This not being
within the restrictive rule, unless by unan-
imous consent, the bill will be laid on the
table.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that that bill in ref-
ence to Buffalo harbor may be reported. I
think it is very brief. I should like to have it
read, and then perhaps I shall make a request
.in regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of War, when
in his judgment he thinks it will be for the
interest of the United States, to extend or con-
tinue the contract for the improvement of the
harbor of Buffalo, made and entered into upon
the 20th day of January, 1808.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate will see that
that bill is to provide for a case where a con-
tract has expired by lapse of time, and the
whole purpose and effect of the bill is to clothe
the Secretary of War with the power, in his
discretion, to renew and continue that con-
tract. Unless some Senator sees an objection
to it, I comply with a request in asking that it
be considered and put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The bill (IT. R. No. 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill also
not being within the restrictive rule, unless by
unanimous consent, must be laid upon the
table.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to give notice
that before the session closes I shall ask unan-
imous consent to take up that bill for the re-
moval of disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I give notice that I
shall object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I give the Senator no-
tice that I shall ask other Senators, and see
whether they will object or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid upon the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMOIUALS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
seventy-four persons and firms in the city of
New York, some of whom I recognize as
being prominent merchants of that city, in
which they set out that in their opinion the laws
relating to the collection of internal revenue
should be reformed. They allege that under
the arbitrary rulings of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue important interests and
rights are being destroyed. They also allege
that the effect of these decisions has-been
to confiscate their property. The petition is
rather vague, but 1 suppose it refers to the
rulings of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue with regard to locks that have been re-
quired to be put upon distilleries ; and also,
perhaps, the question of rectifying whisky by
a process in the distillery. I do not know
what else it can refer to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be laid upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present, in con-
nection with that, similar petitions from one
hundred and 'eight citizens of Coshocton,
Ohio; from thirteen citizens of Gallipolis,
Ohio; from ninety-six citizens of Peoria, Illi-
nois ; from eighty-five citizens of Blooming-
ton, Illinois; from one hundred and sixty-
seven citizens of Omaha, Nebraska; from one
hundred and fifty citizens of Dubuque, Iowa ;
p.nd from forty citizens of Toledo, Ohio ; which
I ask may be laid upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will he laid
upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present the peti-
tion of a committee of colored citizens residing
in Frankfort, Kentucky. They state that they
were appointed bya meetingof colored citizens
of Frankfort, Kentucky, to present thcirgriev-
ances; and they allege that they are deprived
of their rights as citizens of the United States
under color of the laws of Kentucky. They
state at some length and in some detail their
grievances. I move that the petition may be
printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REVISION OF TAXATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its adoption now if there
be no objection:
liesolvcd, That the Committee on Finance is here-
by instructed, during the recess of Congress, to care-
fully examine the existing system of taxation by
the United States, with a view to proposo such
amendments to the bills of the House of Represent-
atives repealing cortain taxes now pending in the
Senate as will simplify, revise, and reduce both tho
internal taxes and the duties on imported goods
now in force, and in such manner that tho aggregate
of such taxes shall not exceed the sums required to
execute the laws relating t.o tho public debt and tho
current expenditures of the Government, adminis-
tered with the strictest economy, and so that such
taxes may also be distributed so as to impose the
least possiblo burden upon the people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I prefer that it should
lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let it be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. There can be no objec-
tion to it in itself.
Mr. COLE. I see that there is nothing in
this resolution referring to the income tax by
name. 1 wish it had mentioned that specif-
ically ; but still it is broad enough to cover
that. T only regret that it has not been pos-
sible for Congress at this session to dispense
with that tax, which I think could have been
done with all safety, in view of the large sur-
plus of revenue that has been found lor the
last month and the preceding months, there
being enough not only to meet all liabilities,
but to pay a large share of the public debt. I
am very "much in favor of tho resolution, and
1 am sure that the Committee during the
summer will fiud ample reasons to dispense
with that odious tax, as well as several others
that are regarded as burdensome to tho people.
Mr. CASSEllLY. With the consent of tho
Senate I will say a word further. It was be-
cause I thoughtthe resolution would need some
amendment that I asked to have it lie over
until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to remark that
this resolution is offered by the approbation
of every member of the Committee on Finance,
and with a view simply to give this jurisdiction
to the Committee on Finance for the investi-
gation of a subject that they will naturally be
charged with at tho next session. It repre-
sents the view of every member of the com-
mittee. I simply submit the resolution now,
to be at some time during the session passed,
so that the committee may consider the subject
during the recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that there is _n,o objection to the
reception of the resolution, but only to its
consideration on this day. The resolution is
received, subject to be called up hereafter,
objection having been made to its present
consideration. The order to print will be
made if there be no objection.
HOUI'. OF MEETING.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet at eleven
o'clock to-inorrow morning instead of twelve,
the hour fixed by the regular order.
Mr. BOREMAN. Would it not be well to
add to that motion the words "and thereafter
fiom day to day?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
modifying the moticn so as to read "unless
otherwise ordered," leaving it in the power cf
the Senate to change the hour any day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion, as
modified, is that "unless otherwise ordered,
the hour of meeting shall hereafter be eleven
o'clock." The question is on the motion in
that shape.
The motion was agreed to.
