568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
bill just as police officers arc entitled to act,
as a posse comitatus, so to speak, without a
warrant; that is, the President may go in with
his forces and seize the conspirators and tur-
bulent and wicked men who are engaged in
these acts of violence, without waiting for any-
body to swear out a warrant against these peo-
ple before a commissioner or a judge. He
may capture them, as we always do in such
cases. He occupies in fact, seeing the thing
go on and being called upon to repress it by
torco. precisely the position that a body of
police would occupy in seeing a riot in the
streets of acity, who would seize the rioters and
take them before a judge without going to the
judge first for a warrant. That is the effect
of it. Then the party being brought into court
would be tried under the preceding sections
of this act for being engaged in a conspiracy
of the nature named, and would be tried in
that case under the second and third sections
in the circut court of the United States for that
State or the district court, as the case might
be, and wherever that court should be held,
instead of being tried in the very county, as
always by State, laws it is provided, where the
offense was committed.
The only amendment which we have recom-
mended to the fourth section, providing for the
power to suspend the habeas corpzts in certain
cases, is, in the last lines of it, that that section
shall continue in force until the end of the next
regular session of Congress, instead of expir-
ing on the 1st; "day of June, 1872, by its own
limitation. We think it right and desirable
that that subject shall not pass from the con-
trol of Congress by its own -limitation until
the end of its next session, unless Congress
itself shall, as it may do at any time, see fit to
do it. Although we are unwilling to suppose
that anybody would resort to such an expe-
dient, yet we are unwilling to leave it to the
power of anybody in either House of Con-
gress by a course of unfair practice, if the state
of the country at that time should require that
this power should be exercised,, to allow this
section to lapse, by sheer force of argument
and debate, when a majority of both Houses
should think it fit to continue it. In other
words, to use language which I do not very
much admire, we should prefer not to have
this section expire by its own limitation at the
next session on account of any filibustering
to prevent an act to continue it, if it should be
necessary. We therefore hold it as in force
until the expiration of" the next regular session
of Congress, unless it should please a majority
of the two Houses to change it before.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. As the troubles in the South
are known to be in great part of a political
character, why is not this law to be continued
anyhow throughout the next year? Why
terminate it just before the arrival of that
season when the cause would most likely
operate the strongest which produces these
troubles?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reasons that actu-
ated the committee on that point, I think I am
authorized to say, were reasons partly of pru-
dence, partly of conciliation, and partly of
precedent in cases of granting extreme or ex-
traordinary powers to the iSxecutive, of having
that power determinable in most instances at
a tirnewhen thelaw-making power having met,
and having had an opportunity to act on the
subject, should have decided by their non-
action that they did not think it advisable to
continue the grant of this extraordinary power
any longer. I confess, speaking personally,
acting upon what I believe to be right intrin-
sically, and believing myself that light is always
the best policy, I would have that section con-
tinue a good deal longer; but I think, on the
whole, the provision that the committee has
made to amend it jn( this way will put it in
such a condition- tljat if Congress shall think
it desirable at the next session, from the state
Of the country, to continue this extraordinary
power there will be ample opportunity to do
it. It would require filibustering to the very
end of the session to accomplish the defeat of
the continuance of it. So that, on the whole,
I was satisfied to leave it with the provision
which has been usual in cases analogous to
this, and which, perhaps, falls more fairly
within the scope of the recommendation of
the Executive himself on this subject.
Having said this about these amendments,
and having stated, I believe, that the commit-
tee regard almost all of them as essential to
the perfectness and proper and easy operation
of the statute, I will now, while I am up, say
a word in respect to the scope of the bill as it
stands and as it will be, as to its general scope
if amended.
The first section is one that I believe nobody
objects to, as defining the rights secured by
the Constitution of the United States when
they are assailed by any State law or under
color of any State law, and it is merely caf--
rying out the principles of the civil rights
bill, which have since become a part of the
Constitution.
The second section, it will be observed, only
provides for the punishment of a conspiracy.
It does not provido for the punishment of any
act done in pursuance of the conspiracy, but
only a conspiracy to deprive citizens of the
United States, in the various ways named, of
the rights which the Constitution and the laws
of the United States made pursuant to it give
to them ; that is to say, conspiracies to over-
throw the Government, conspiracies to im-
pede the course of justice, conspiracies to
deprive people of the equal protection of the
laws, whatever those laws may be. It does
not provide, as I say, for any punishment for
any act which these conspirators shall do in
furtherance of the conspiracy. It punishes
the conspiracy alone, leaving the States, if
they see fit, to punish the acts and crimes
which may be committed in pursuance of the
conspiracy. I confess that I thought myself it
was desirable, to make the bill complete, to
make it completely logical and completely
effective, that a section should have been
added providing not only for punishing the
conspiracy, but providing also in the same
way for punishing any act done in pursuance
of the conspiracy. This section gives a civil
action to anybody who shall be injured by the
conspiracy, but does not punish an act done
as a crime.
Then the third section is, as we think, one
in entire conformity to precedents and in
entire conformity to the principles of the Con-
stitution and of the laws, authorizing the Pres-
ident when the lawful rights of citizens of the
United States shall be interfered with and
overthrown by unlawful conspiracies, combin-
ations, and insurrections, and when the State
shall fail to protect the people in those rights
and put down these insurrections, to bring to
bear the ppwer of the nation for the purpose
of repressing such tumults and disorders, and
handing the violators of the law over to justice.
The fourth section provides that when these
unlawful conspiracies and combinations shall
have proceeded to that extreme extent as
really to become general in a State, covering
more than one combination and being so
powerful as to be able to overthrow the State
authorities and to set them at defiance,
then it shall be treated as in the character of
a local rebellion, and the President, in that
case, shall be authorized, as the Constitution
gives us the power to authorize him, to bring
the military to'bear upon it, aud for the time
being within the district where the power of
the courts and the power of the States are both
set at defiance, to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. But even then the bill does not go so
far in that direction as upon a mere reading it
wouUJ be supposed it did, because there is at-
tached to this suspension of the habeas corpus
the provision that the act of 1803 relating to
habeas corpus shall apply even to a case of I
this kind; and that provides that in all cases
in States where the habeas corpus issuspended,
and the Federal judiciary is still able to hold
sway at the places where it holds courts, any
person arrested and seized under the suspen-
sion of the habeas corpus shall be reported to
the Federal judiciary within a limited time, or
as soon as practicable, and if the Federal
judiciary shall not deal with the offenders thus
reported by finding indictments or other prose
cution, then, upon the order of a judge, the
persons thus seized under the suspension of
habeas corpus shall be set at liberty.
In substance and fact it leaves a Federal
habeas corpus in effect, although not in precise
form, still operating for a limited time. So
that really the sharpest criticism, with this
proviso, could scarcely say that in a substan-
tial sense we authorize the President to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus at all. About
all that we do is to authorize him to proclaim
that he has suspended it, and then, as soon as
he has caught anybody, to report him and
hand him over to the Federal judge. It is
much less than I should have wished for my-
self; but as the House had chosen to so limit
it, we thought it not wise to undertake to
change it.
The fifth section of course explains itself,
as to not repealing any former law.
The sixth section provides for an inquiry
into the character and conduct of persons who
may be summoned to sit on juries in cases
arising under the provisions of this act. There
is an amendment which seems to be a mere
verbal one, but which carries a great deal of
effect in it, in the sixth section, which I did not
call attention to in that connection.
As the House passed the bill, this inquiry
into the conduct of juries was only in suits or
prosecutions based upon this act. All civil
suits, as every lawyer understands, which this
act authorizes, are not based upon it; they are
based upon the right of the citizen. The act
only gives a remedy. The suit, therefore, in
the technical sense, instead of being based
upon the statute, as it would be if it were debt
for a penalty, is a suit arising under the
statute, and the consequence would be when
you come to get before a judge and undertake
to challenge a jury, without inserting the words
"arising under" the provisions of this act,
as well as based upon it, any private party
would find himself debarred of having this
inquiry made for his protection at all, and
it would be only in criminal prosecutions
based upon the provisions of the statute that
this challenging of jurors could occur. We
thought it important, therefore, to use words
which would enable a judge in all the cases of
civil redress to see that the party aggrieved
should have a pure and uncontaininated jury.
The last clause of this last section is also of
considerable importance, and I ought to ex-
plain it to the Senate. It provides that " the
act entitled 'An act defining additional causes
of challenge, and prescribing an additional oath
for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts,' approved June 17, 18G2, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed." That act provides
that it shall be a good cause of challenge, upon
suitable and proper inquiry made in the way
pointed out by the statute, to any grand or petit
juror, that he has been engaged in the rebel-
lion. This section repeals that act, so that it
will be no disqualification in cases arising
under this act, or arising under any other act
in the courts of the United States, either crim-
inal or civil, hereafter, that the person sum-
moned as a juror and who is proposed to be
put in the panel has been engaged in the rebel-
lion; so that in no possible case can partici-
pation in the late rebellion be made the ground
for setting aside a juror. I am bound to say
that that does not meet with my individual
approval, but I am instructed by the commit-
tee, and shall do so with pleasure, to report
the bill in that respect as it stands.
This, Mr. President, explains, I believe) the
