1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
general scope, and, perhaps I might, say the
detailed operation of this bill. I feel some con-
fidence in saying that, upon discussion, I think it
will turn out that this bill is clearly within the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States, and in respect to the matters upon which it
operates, and over which it undertakes to exer-
cise sway, it is much more moderate and lim-
ited in its application and in its remedies and
punishments than the state of the case—if it be
one half'as bad as the newspapers in the south-
ern States of all parties, collating and putting
together their facts, represent the ease to be—
it is much more moderate and limited than
the ease would justify.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Mississippi allow me, before he proceeds, to
ask one question of the Senator from Vermont?
Mr. AMES. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will answer any ques-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. I am told—I did not hear
it myself—that the Senator said nobody was
opposed to the first section of the bill, and thai
was understood here as meaning nobody of the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not quite say that.
I intended to say, as this was so very simple
and really reijnacting the Constitution, that I
supposed nobody would be opposed to it. I
did not undertake to say, because I should have
had no light as matter of etiquette or any other
right to say, what any member of the commit-
tee thought about it-
Mr. THURMAN. I do not complain of
that. 1 do not think there would be any want
of propriety in saying that the committee were
unanimous in favor of any section of the bill.
1 do not think there would be any impropriety
ia so stating if that were the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not undertake to
say that.
Mr. THURMAN. If it was understood in
that way, I wish to say that, for reasons which
1 shall state at the proper time, I am opposed
to the first as well as the other sections of the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is agreeable to gen-
tlemen all around, unless there is going to be
objection made to these amendments which
the committee have proposed, I should like
to have the amendments agreed to, so that the
discussion may proceed upon the general scope
of the bill; but if any of these amendments
aie to meet with special opposition, then, of
course, we cannot adopt that course.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President, at this epoch
full of events of the deepest interest and
greatest importance, while the nation is strug-
gling to throw off the incubus which slavery
and rebellion have put upon it, we should not
be surprised, knowing the weakness of human
nature, to learn that men once seeming true
in the hour of our greatest peril, yielding to
desire for place, viewing the issues of to day
with eyes dimmed with the prejudices of earlier
years, desert the cause of the Union and join
those who sought its destruction and would
now rejoice in its overthrow.
Should such a one, true only to his selfish-
ness, as a reward for his apostasy be sent among
us, what could we expect from him save vile
vituperation, discourtesy, and offensiveness in
denunciation of those with whom he formerly
associated ? And when questions of fact were
under discussion, how reckless would be all his
utterances, how inaccurate his statements, how
passionate and void of logic his declamation,
how immoderate and extravagant would his
declarations be who had never known moder-
ation or decency in things political.
Dreaded by his friends as an enfant terrible,
he would be carefully watched by his oppo-
nents, that they mightglean from his exposures
the purposes of his associates, which must ne-
cessarily be confided to him, but which care-
ful and prudent men would conceal. With
these so great drawbacks he must have pros-
tituted every virtue, recanted every pure inspir-
ation, yielded up every consistency except
the consistency of inconsistency, to win from
his new-found friends the highest honors they
could bestow.
Should unrepentant rebels and that Democ-
racy which wept at rebel .disasters put him
forward as a standard-bearer, a conviction
akin to certainty would find place in men's
hearts that he was being used as a base instru-
ment to accomplish what the guns of the
former failed to effect on the field of battle,
even aided by their allies at the North.
Confederates in a bad cause never forgive
defection on the part of their leaders. With
what contumely do they treat one of their most
gallant and able generals. To him and all like
him they apply the most opprobrious of all
terms in their vocabulary, "scalawag." How
must they and mourning Democracy in their
heart of hearts despise and contemn him they
buy with flattery and promises. With masked
and midnight assassins as allies, why should
they fail to buy, body and soul, him I describe ?
To justify the purchase he would out-Herod
Herod, stepping from the prominence of pro-
fession on one side to the very head and front
of the other. We find some men equal even
to that.
What a remarkable spectacle. He who wore
the blue in the days of rebellion now leading
the rebel gray 1 Clad in cast-off garments of
traitors, he would have no charity for those he
deserted. It were even possible, though not
credible, that he would assert in open day all
the acts of Congress on reconstruction to be
infamous. " Infamous 1" honorable Senators,
the descriptive epithet hurled at your laws,
passed, after solemn consideration, under the
oaths of your high office, with your deep sense
of responsibility to the nation! How court-
eously, how gentlemanly, how parliamentary
the word sounding through the Senate Chamber
applied to your laws! With it well might we
expect Republicans to be characterized as
"rascals," "villains," "scoundrels," "car-
pet-baggers," and "scalawags;" terms indis-
criminately used as synonyms. All this would
be delivered with an assumption of political
consistency and infallibility, of incorruptible
virtue and superiority over less-favored mor-
tals oozing out as well in thought as in air
and action, so aptly described in the prayer of
holy Willie, the hypocrite.
We have been told by the Senator from
Missouri that he and his friend Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, are willing to give " negro suf-
frage" a fair trial! How grateful should this
troubled country be to the Senator and his
friend Mr. Stephens, of Georgia ! So, such
counsels are to prevail, such is to be the
source of all our political action. But he says,
and I presume his authority is Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, that if, after this fair trial, it be
necessary, to preserve the free institutions of
the country, to abolish " negro suffrage," it
could be done by constitutional means.
The conduct of the slave during the war in
feeding and protecting non-combatants chal-
lenges the admiration of the world. In these
days of peace whence comes the danger from
colored men? What inducement now, being
free and citizens, have they to jeopardize free
institutions? There is but one mode. This
mystery is revealed by a visit to any polling
place at the South. The few Democratic
negroes who approach the ballot-box are not
molested. The wisdom of their voting is not
questioned. Why, in' my State they sometimes
received certificates of their Democracy which
secured them from all harm, from the destroy-
ers of free institutions, murderers, and Ku
Klux. We see the same influences which
may lead to the destruction of free institutions
on this floor. Senators from the South, who
have used words of condemnation of their
political friends rather than for those who
murder them, receiveglowingeulogiums, while
others are plied with such epithets as only the
honorable Senator can command, because they,
too, do not join in measures which can only end
in the destruction of their friends. The Re-
publican negroes are often prevented, through
well-grounded fear, from leaving their homes
on days of election ; venturing to the polls
they may be waylaid; then even violence with
its strong arm withholds theirright of suffrage.
Failure of "negro suffrage" means failujp to
vote for the former master—nothing nwre.
Should the colored man forget that it was
through the instrumentality of a Republican
President, a Republican Congress, and the
Union armies that he was liberated; should
he forget that his comrades were murdered
because Republicans? should he be dragooned
by men who woilld practically reiinslave him
into voting the Democratic ticket, then the
"free institutions" of our country would be
safe and none of the honorable Senator's
"constitutional means" to "abolish negro
suffrage" needed. If the negro could be made
thus serviceable, should the attempt be made
to "abolish negro suffrage," we should see
men faced in another direction, marching to
some new tune whistled by Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia, instead of keeping step to the music
of the Union.
11 is to be desired that this question of " negro
suffrage" shall not be settled by those who
believe him unfit for citizenship and those who
as masters would have sold him to be cut up
on the butcher's block, had such a disposition
of his body brought in a few more dollars.
Let the blinding prejudices of slavery have no
part in the noble work of enfranchisement and
reconstruction.
The honorable Senator from Missouri would
have the country believe that corruption pre-
vails in the Legislatures of all the southern
Slates. He instanced those of two or three
States, and then said, so far as he knew, such
was the condition of all. It was his duty to
know of what he was talking when makiDg
such sweeping charges. A candid man would
have taken the previous trouble to learn the
facts. He had sources enough, had he seen
fit to resort to them. Would he not have been
duly crammed, ready to give the dollars and
cents even of Mississippi's indebtment, aa he
did that of Louisiana, were the figures such as
to favor his argument?
With a generality he sweeps over the State
with a "so far as 1 know" she is squandering
her money, when ho ought to have known jui-t
the reverse to be true.
His argument was formed to show that the
deeds of blood at the South find, if not justi-
fication, at least some palliation because of
corrupt Legislatures. He fails to show that
cause in Mississippi. Her Legislature has not
squandered the people's money nor refused
to pay her just debts, as.was once done when
the State was controlled by men he now so
highly eulogizes and with whom he is allied.
That State furnishes him, therefore, no argu-
ment for the disfranchisement of the colored
people that "the free institutions of our coun-
try may be preserved." Without universal
suffrage our institutions would not be free.
The colored man deprived of the ballot would
be in a condition worse than slavery, for he
would not have even a master's interest in him
to the amount of his coin value. Take from
him the ballot, and he will not have left even
the shadow of right to life, liberty, or the pur-
suit of happiness, nor home, nor resting-place
short of the grave; often not that.
We should sincerely thank the honorable
Senator for informing us how he and his new
allies will treat the colored people of the South
should they c-ver have the opportunity to con-
summate their desires. Such information, com-
ing from the fountain-head, would teach the
country the possible though not probable dan-
gers of its immediate future. For this and
similar utterances Republicans should be- duly
grateful, as it opens to them Democratic and
Ku Klux secrets, while Ku Klux and Demo'
