332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,'
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. VII.—An Act to reestablish the Office
of Surveyor at Eastport, Maine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the office of surveyor
at the port of Eastport, formerly existing by
law and abolished by the Secretary of the
Treasury, be, and is hereby, reestablished and
created, and shall hereafter exist, subject to
the same laws and restrictions that appertained
to the same before it was abolished; but it shall
hereafter be known as the office of surveyor
of Eastport and the distx-ietof Passamaquoddy
bay.
Approved, March 30, 1871.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to divide the State of Virginia
into two Judicial Districts."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second clause
of the sixth section of the act aforesaid, of
which this act is an amendment, be amended
as follows: "That the clerk of the circuit or
district court of the eastern district of Virginia
shall transmit the original papers and certified
copies ot' all orders in any suit or proceeding
which shall be removed for further proceed-
ings from the eastern to the western district
of Virginia, as authorized by the first clause
of the said sixth section of the act aforesaid,
to the clerk of the court to which such suit or
proceeding shall be removed, together with a
statement of all costs; and all further proceed-
ings shall be had in the court to which the same
shall be removed as if the said suit or pro-
ceeding had originally been commenced
therein/'
Approved, April 4, 1871.
Chap. IX.—An Act authorizing the President
to appoint Commissioners to examine and
report upon the Sutro Tunnel in the State
of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized andrequest-
edto appoint a board of three commissioners,
two of whom shall be officers of engineers of
the Army and one a mining or civil engineer,
to examine and report upon the Sutro tunnel
in the State of Nevada, authorized to be con-
structed by an act of Congress approved July
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
with special reference to the importance, feasi-
bility, cost, and time required to construct
the same ; the value of the bullion extracted
from the mines on the Comstock lode; their
present and probable future production; also
tho geological and practical value of said tun-
nel as an exploring work, and its general
bearing upon our mining and other national
interests in ascertaining the practicability of
deep mining.
Approved, April 4, 1871.
Chat. XIV.—An Act relating to the Harbor at
Buffalo, New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be authorized, when in his judgment he
thinks it will be for the interest of the United
States, to extend or continue the contract for
the improvement of the harbor at Buffalo,
made and entered into upon the twentieth
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
Approved, April 15, 1871.
Chap. XV.—An Act authorizing the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the Lyons
Monument Association, of Missouri, certain
condemned Cannon.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place at the disposal of the Lyon
Monument Association, of the State of Mis-
souri, twelve condemned cannon, to be used
for the purpose of erecting a monument in
the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to the memory
of the lateBrigadier General Nathaniel Lyon,
Approved, April 15, 1871.
Chap. XVI.—An Act to authorize the payment
of duplicate Checks of Disbursing Officers.
Beitenacted bytheSenate andHouseofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in place of original
checks issued for pensions, when lost, stolen,
or destroyed, disbursing officers and agents of
the United States are hereby authorized, after
the expiration of six mouths from the date of
such checks, to issue duplicate checks, and
the treasurer, assistant treasurers, and desig-
nated depositories of the United States are
directed to pay such checks, drawn in pursu-
ance of law by such officers or agents, upon
notice and proof of the loss of the original
check or checks, under such regulations in
regard to their issue and payment, and upon
the execution of such bonds, with sureties, to
indemnify the United States, as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe: Provided,
That this act shall not apply to any check
exceeding in amount the sum of five hundred
dollars.
Approved, April 10, 1871.
Chap. XVIL— An Act to create a Port of
Delivery at Potomac, Virginia, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That all the waters,
shores, bays, harbors, creeks, and inlets on
the south side of the river Potomac, compre-
hended between Boyd's Hole and Cockpit
Point, now a part of the collection district of
Tappahannock, Virginia, be, and the same are
hereby, annexed to the collection district of
Alexandria, Virginia.
Sec. 2. That Potomac, in the State of Vir-
ginia, shall be, and is hereby, constituted and
created a port of delivery within the collection
district of Alexandria, and there shall be
appointed,^ at a compensation not exceeding
the rate of one thousand dollars per annum,
a deputy collector of customs, to reside at
said port, who shall perform such duties as
may be conferred upon him, in pursuance of
law, by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. That all actsand parts of actsestab-
lishing at Dumfries, in the collection district
of Tappahannock,'Virginia, a port of delivery
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, April 19, 1871.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act for the Restoration of
Commander George A. Stevens, United
States Navy, to the Active from the Retired
List.
Beit enactedby the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and is hereby, authorized to
nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate appoint, George A. Stevens
to the active list of the Navy, with the rank of
lieutenant commander.
Approved, April 19, 1871.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company to relocate a portion of its road.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Company,
for the purpose of improving its route and ac-
commodating the country, may relocate any
portion of its road south of the town of Thayer,
within the limits of its grant, as prescribed by
the act of Congress entitled "An actforagrant
of lands to the State of Kansas, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads and telegraphs in said State," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, but not thereby to change, enlarge,
or diminish said land grant.
Approved, April 19, 1871.
Chap. XXI.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the service of the year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and
for additional Appropriations for the service
of the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in order to carry into
effect the provisions of an act entitled "Aai act
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of thewar of eighteen hundred and twelve,
andthewidows of deceased soldiers," approved
February fourteen, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, therebe, and ishereby, appropriated,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the payment, during the
remainder of the present fiscal year of two clerks
of class three, four clerks of class two, nineteen
clerks of class one, and two assistant messengers
in the Pension Office, to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior, eight thousand two
hundred and sixty dollars ; for office rent, fur-
niture, and contingent expenses of said office
for the same period, six thousand five hundred
dollars; and for the payment, during the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, of four clerks of class three,
eight clerks of class two, forty-eight clerks of
class one, and three assistant messengers in
said office, to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior, seventy-seven thousand three
hundred and sixty dollars; and for office rent,
furniture, stationery, and contingent expenses
of Said office during the said year, seven thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That nothing in any
act contained shall be construed to alter or
amend an act entitled "An act to define the
duties of pension agents and prescribe the
manner of paying pensions, and for other "pur-
poses," approved July eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy; but the provisions of said
act are hereby declared to be in full force and
effect, and applicable to the prosecution of
claims to pension, and to the payment of pen-
sions which may lie allowed under any or all
the various acts of Congress granting the same;
and that so much of the appropriation provided
for in the act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, approved March three, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, "to beexpended in
the detection and prosecution of crimes against
the United States," as may, in the judgment
of the Attorney General, be necessary, may
be used during the current fiscal year.
That all books, records, papers, and docu-
ments relative to transactions of or with the
late so called government of the confederate
States, or the government of any State lately
in insurrection, now in the possession, or which
