570
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
crats would tremble at such unwise and pre-
mature disclosures. As the boy in the fable
lashed himself to the anchor of the sinking
ship, so the honorable Senator from Missouri
lashes himself to this sinking cause.
The honorable Senator grows eloquent over
the wrong of evil speaking, as " a burnin' and
shinin' light'' ought. At what under the broad
heavens has he not hurled his anathemas?
Since his advent here he has denounced in the
wildest manner everythingand everybody, save
only the Democratic party and the Ku Klux.
Hear what he says of the Republican party of
his own State :
441 come from a State which has just escaped this
thralldom, and I understand perfectly well what
Radical rule is. A more shameless disfranchisement
of loyal men and of good men never took place any-
where in the world than that'which has existed in
the State of Missouri. It was a thoroughly arbitrary
government, in which one man appointed the regis-
trars, and they the supervisors, and they the judges
of election; and those men arbitrarily, without rea-
son and against reason, excluded anybody they
pleased from the ballot. The result was that in the
State of Missouri, with a population of over 1,712,000,
we cast at this last election only 1(57,000 votes under
confessedly the most liberal registration we have
ever had in the State since the war closed, while
Indiana, with much less population, according to
the census, cast 318,000 votes; double the number of
Missouri.
" This simple fact shows that these men had kept
from the polls more than one half of the voting popu-
lation of the State by this disfranchisement, and in
the mean time every interest of the State had been
spoliated, every railroad thatwas owned by the State
given away profligately to Radical partisans; and
nothing saved us from bankruptcy except the energy
and vitality of a great western community. "VVe
escaped by the action of a small number of men
who had acted with the Radical party; but they
were honest enough to see that the condition of
affairs in Missouri could not, endure without the
destruction of all civil liberty, and they forgot the
madness of the partisan in their patriotism as citi-
zens, and rose against this malignant disfranchise-
ment, and by the aid of the Democratic vote, liber-
ated the people of the State, which at the next elec-
tion can and will poll one hundred thousand majority
for the Democratic party.''
How eloquent over fraud and disfranchise-
ment! How denunciatory of his Republican
friends, excepting, of course, the few " honest,
ones," who,44 forgetting the madness of the par-
tisan in their patriotism," sent him here! How
delicate his compliment to them I He can
thunder against such acts, but when a voice is
raised to stay the reign of terror and blood-
shed at the South, the heinousness of evil-
speaking of the people of a State /ills him with
horror!
The honorable Senator from Missouri de-
nounces carpet baggers. Within a few days
I have had the pleasure of rereading his justly
celebrated Brodhead letter; in passing let me
say it, nobly did its work—ruining his friends
and spreading arson and murder broadcast
over the South. A Mr. Landrum, a member
of the Legislature of Mississippi, spoken of
as a leading Democrat, spoke as follows in
the Legislature, peading a resolution intro-
duced by Mr. Lynch in the house of repre-
sentatives upon the 15th instant, reindorsmg
the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
1 read from his reporr.ed speech;
"These amendments, sir, were ratified by fraud
and violence at the point of Federal bayonets, and
I have the independence to stand here to-day and
reiterate and indorse the sentiments of Fiunk
Blair,of Missouri, that thereeonstruction measures
of the united States Government were null and void
aO initio ought to be wiped out. And,sir, I say
further that those southern men who have supported
the Government of the United States in these acts
oi tyranny -over the southern people, such men,
for example, as General James Longstreet. should
be chissed by the future historian as Benedict
Arnolds-—as traitors to their country/' *
Cyiicumsrunees prevented me from joining my
ielluw-citwens oi the South in making war against
the government at that time. But, sir, let a Hag
now he raised against that Government by anybody
m behalf of the oppressed South and in vindication
ot their rights, and I will be the first to rally under
that flag. I will take command of a body ot troops,
and fight so long as 1 have breath to put down a
haughty, corrupt, and tyrannical Goveminent, for
thedelivcreuce of an outraged people.
" I again repeat, reiterate, and indorse the doctrine
of benator Blair. I reaffirm that these amendments
"Here carried by fraud and violence and are ubso-
Mitely n 'all and void; and I again assert, boldly and
emphatically, that the name of General J ames Long-
street should and will be placed in history side by
side With that of Benedict Arnold 1"
Legitimate fruit 1 As the professional weapon
of the honorable Senator is his tongue, I was
surprised to perceive that his vituperative pow-
ers have not perceptibly improved, although
he has since had with it unlimited practice
and instruction in the higher branches of the
art from southern Democratic editors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. i The Chair must
state to the Senator from Mississippi that to
charge a Senator with vituperation is not par-
liamentary.
Mr. AMES. I beg pardon. Of the great
benefits and blessings resulting from the cru-
sades to the Holy Land, next in importance to
the dissemination of Christianity were those
which grew out of the intermingling and inter-
communion of the several peoples of Europe.
So would great benefits and blessings result
from northern crusades necessitated by the
rebellion into benighted regions, were not vio-
lence and murder now working their defeat.
Man changes so little in centuries, even, that
political creeds now are visited there by the
same punishments that Christianity received
at pagan hands in ages past.
Before this question of "negro suffrage"
attracted much attention, and before men's
prejudices were startled, the honorable Senator
from Missouri said, ia an order to his own
soldiers:
"The Romans made their conquering soldiers
freeholders in the lands they had conquered; and
as upon your return to your homes you will find
most of your occupations and employments filled by
adepts iroin civil life, and as tho Government has
vast tracts of vacant lands, -which will be increased
by the war, the interests of the country and your
own will concur in the apportionment of these lands
to your use and occupancy, establishing a citizen
soldiery to maintain internal peace and set foreign
foes at defiance."
Also:
" If that object can be obtained bv pacific means,
then soldiery is at an end and your sole business
hereafter will be to develop, eniich, and improve
our great country. To that end our soldiers should
be provided with homesteads, and in no part of the
country would they fare better or would they bo
rnoro useful than in the South, which they have
redeemed."
So thought and said the Senator then : so
does he not think, at least so does he not say,
now. What a portrayal of character in the
contrast of " then " and " now."
Here, then, is the order from the honorable
Senator, then a general of our Army, for my-
self and other soldiers to "carpet-bag" to the
South, and now he abuses us tor following his
advice.
Southern Republicans ask no confiscation,
nor have they at any time. They simply beg
to be unmolested iu honest and lawful callings.
Senator Warner, of Alabama, in his speech
on this floor, said :
"I remember a story which was current through
the South, and was published generally in the
papers, about the Senator from Missouri, and which
was doubtless as groundless as most of the stones
that ho hears about his comrades. The story is, that
at a political raoelingiii the neighborhood where tho
Senator had his plantation, his Deinoeratie friends
got a colored man to preside, as is their habit, in
hopes to get the colored vote tor Seymour and Blair.
After the white men had got through with then-
speeches, which were largely made up of abuse of
carpet-baggers, who, it was alleged, had gone down
there to spy out and plunder the land, the colored
president of the meeting was called on fora speech,
lie said, in response, that he indorsed all that had
been said about these carpet-baggers; that he him-
self had been m the employ of a carpet-bagger, and
had worked for him all summer, and the carpet-bag-
ger had gone off without paying him; and,said he,
* I think you must all know him: I have heard his
name called many times to-day; they call him Frank
Blair/ "
The honorable Senator followed his own
advice and went South with a carpet-bag. He
has come back. So much only of the amusing
anecdote is vouched for. This is submitted,
not in the spirit which evidently controls the
honorable Senator when speaking of carpet-
baggers, or, as lie once would fain have called
them, ''citizen soldiery," on ''apportioned"
lands which they had " redeemed," but to
show that even so honorable a gentleman as
himself is not above the slanderous pen. The
honorable Senator begins centuries too late to
cast opprobrium on carpet baggers. The call-
ing of such names has come to a pass that the
Governor of this Territory and the Repub-
lican candidate for Congress are denounced as
" carpet baggers." Soon, no doubt, every
Republican Senator on this floor will be de-
nominated "scalawag" or "carpet-bagger;"'
and in the city uf New York only will be found
the model citizen, who, coming from beyond
the Atlantic, without even a carpet-bag, and
unable to speak our language, by his vote,
under Democratic leadership, plunders and
pillages that city as no other community on
tho face of the earth has been plundered and
pillaged. Does Democratic New York send a
carpet-bagger among us?
Since the war those who have changed their
homes are to be numbered by thousands.
Every large center in the country has become
crowded with men whose experience during
the war taught them they could by changing
their locations better their condition. This
has been invited in every section but the
South, where, alasl "carpet-baggers" disturb
what remains of that peculiar institution,
slavery.
Men as honest and honorable as the Senator
himself went there, as they had the right to do;
but having invested all their means and be-
coming crippled by unforeseen disasters, could
not extricate themselves as he did ; or, pros-
perous, did not care to return to their former
homes to find their places filled by others.
Honest and honorable now as then, they are
the objects of unlicensed abuse from those who
should be above it. Herein is the explanation.
Slavery in its day of glory denounced and
trampled on every opposing sentiment; and
the spirit it has left in the land is that, and
that alone, which decries and clamors against
" carpet-baggers." I use the Senator's phrase,
ever bearing in mind that northern men at the
South of Republican, not Democratic, princi-
ples are meant.
He declared in his speech that the Army at
the South had been "employed in driving
voters from the polls and carrying the elections
against a majority of the legal voters of those
States." To this I replied that to the extent
of my knowledge that broad assertion had no
foundation in fact except where colored men
had been driven from the polls by soldiers
acting under the direction of white citizens
who had obtained control of them, either by
money or through sympathy. Whereupon he
replied that my presence here was proof of
the truthfulness of his assertion. I acknowl-
edge that my presence here is one of the most
marked illustrations of the consequences of the
abolition of slavery and the results of recon-
struction 5 but it does not prove his assertion.
The population of the State of Mississippi
by the late census is about 832,200. I say about,
because the returns of four counties are to be
revised. In 1868, under the supervision of
President Johnson's bosom friend, there were
registered voters to the number of 155,720,
giving, assuming the population now equal to
that of 1868, one voter to every five and one
third inhabitants. The colored population
exceeding the white by about seventy thousand,
the colored voters, this ratio holding the same
with whites and blacks, outnumber the white
by thirteen thousand. A greater proportional
registration would reduce the ratio and increase
this number. L make this comparison that
theie may be no doubt as to the predominance
ot colored voters. Their Republicanism is
beyond all cavil. Full well they know the
necessity of the continuance of the Republican
party in power for their freedom an i protec-
tion, though they have now but litt e of the
latter.
The white people of the South, in a rebel-
lious spirit—the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] called it a " senti-
