1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
may at any time come into the possession, of
the Government of the United States, or of any
department thereof, may be resorted to for
information by the board of commissioners of
claims created by act approved March three,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one; and copies
thereof, duly certified by the officer having
custody of the same, shall be treated with the
like force and effect as the original.
For the rebuilding of the Catholic orphan
asylum at Charleston, South Carolina, twelve
thousand dollars, in consideration of the ser-
vices rendered by the sisters of Our Lady of
Mercy, of Charleston, South Carolina, to the
sick and wounded Union officers and soldiers,
while said city was under bombardment during
the war.
Sec. 2. That there is hereby appropriated
to pay the salary for the remainder of the pres-
ent and for the next fiscal year, of the assistant
attorney general, authorized to be appointed
by the act of the last session of Congress, six
thousand five hundred and twenty-five dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Sec. 3. The following stated sums are hereby
appropriated for the purposes hereinafter ex-
pressed, viz:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the present fiscal year, the
same to be added to the appropriation "for
miscellaneous items," five thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriations
for tjie service of the independent treasury,
for the fiscal year, as follows:
For clerks and messengers in the office of the
assistant treasurer at Baltimore, six thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For clerks and messengers in the office of the
depositary at Cincinnati, five thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For clerks and messengers in the office of the
depositary at Chicago, one thousand one hun-
died dollars.
For clerks and messengers in the office of
the depositary at Louisville, eight hundred dol-
lars.
For salary of the assistant treasurer at New
Orleans, to make his compensation four thou-
sand five hundred dollars, as provided by exist-
ing laws, five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of
August sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
for the collection, safe keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue, fifty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That no part of said
sum shall be expended for clerical services.
For salaries and expenses ot the direct tax
commissioners of South Carolina, and of their
clerks, from July first, eighteen^ hundred and
seventy, until the closing of their office, three
thousand five hundred dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
For iLifc support of the 33istrict of Columbia
for the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy two:
For salary of the Governor of the District
of Columbia, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the Secretary of the District
of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the members of the
council of the District of Columbia, four
thousand four hundred dollars. _
For compensation of the board of public
works of the District of Columbia, ten thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That no person shall
be entitled to draw a salary as a member ot
the board of public works who is paid a salary
for the discharge of the duties of any other
officer under the Government of the United
States; and said board shall be held to be an
existing board for all the purposes specified m
the "act to provide a government for the Dis-
trict of Columbia," from and after the appoint-
ment and qualification of the members thereof.
For the repair of the damages caused by
fire upon the cadet barracks at West Point,
ten thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase of Messrs. Little, Brown, and Com-
pany, two thousand copies of the sixteenth
volume of the United States Statutes at Large,
for distribution agreeably to the acts of Con-
gress directing the distribution of the other
volumes, seven thousand dollars.
To pay William Hardin a balance due him
under his contract for surveying the public
lands in Nebraska, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for clothing for the marine corps for for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, fifteen thousand dollars.
For payment to the reporters of the Senate
and House for the Congressional Globe of the
usual additional compensation for reporting
the proceedings of the first session of the
Forty-second Congress, five hundred dollars
each, five thousand dpliars.
To enable the President to carry out the
provisions of the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, authorizing him to
prescribe rules and regulations for the admis-
sion of persons into the civil service, and so
forth, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of the joint select Comraitt.ee
on Alleged Outrages in theSouthern States, the
sum of.thirty thousand dollars, and any unex-
pended balance of the appropriation for the
select committee of the Senate on the same
subject shall be carried to the above appro-
priation in addition thereto, said sums to be
carried for this purpose to the contingent fund
of the Senate, and to be expended upon
vouchers of the chairman of said joint com-
mittee: Provided, That the sum of nine thou-
sand seven hundred and thirty-five dollars and
twenty-two cents, being an unexpended bal-
ance of an appropriation by act of March
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, "for
purchase of building known as the Club House,
at Charleston, South Carolina, and the fitting
up thereof for the use of the United States
courts," and having been, by existing laws,
covered into the Treasury of the United States,
be, and the same is hereby, reappropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, and shall be expended in accord-
ance with the provisions of the act making the
original appropriation. _ _
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for folding documents and materials for the
House of Representatives, twenty thousand
dollars.
Senate of the United States: for labor,
three thousand dollars; for clerks to commit-
tees, pages, horses, and carryalls, fifteen thou-
sand dollars. .
For compensation of the clerks in the office
of the surveyor general of Minnesota, em-
ployed upon work consequent upon the special
appropriation for the survey of the public
lands within the limits of the graut to the
Northern Pacific railroad, per act of July
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy, nine
thousand two hundred dollars, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth> eighteen hundred
and seventy-two. .
For compensation of the clerks_ m the ofhcc
of the surveyor general of California, two
thousand six hundred dollars, for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one.
To pay Dexter R. Crocker, for carrying the
mail from Canyonville, Oregon, to Yreka, Cali-
fornia, from the twenty-fourth of April to the
ninth of November, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, one thousand six hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
For payment of S. R. Harlow, late marshal
of the southern district of New York, for, ex-
penses incurred in arresting one Mott, m ban
Francisco, for violation of revenue law in said
district, five hundred and fifty dollars, or so
much thereof as may be due.
Sec. 4. That in addition to the clerkships
authorized by the act approved May five, eight-
een hundred and sixty, the Secretary qf the
Interior is hereby authorized and empowered
to promote from the clerks of class one em-
ployed in the Census Office, three to be clerks
of class four, seven to be clerks of class three,
and fifteen to be clerks of class two, and the
sum of seven thousand six hundred dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the increased sal-
ary : Provided, That no" increase in the total
number of clerks employed in said bureau shall
be deemed to be authorized hereby: And pro-
vided further, That the authority for such
additional clerkships of the second, third, and
fourth class shall terminate one year from
date.
For the purpose of carrying out the stipula-
tions of the treaty of July twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, between the United
States of America and his Majesty the King
of the Belgians, providing for the payment of
interest in the matter of the capitalization of
the Scheldt dues, being a deficiency in the
appropriations for the payment of the seventh
annual installment due the Government of Bel-
gium under said treaty, April first, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and tl^e _ eighth
annual installment, due April first, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, twelve thousand
dollars, in coin, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
For the completion of the custom-house at
Saint Paul, Minnesota, thirty-five thousand
one hundred-and sixty-three dollars and sixty-
five cents, being the amount of a balance of aa
appropriation for that building now standing
to its credit on the books of the Treasury, but
unavailable under existing laws.
That section two of "An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and for
other purposes," approved March three, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, be, and hereby
is, amended by striking oat after the words
'•for custom-house, Astoria, Oregon," the
word "completion," and inserting in place
thereof " continuation of the construction."
For completion of the court-house and post
office building at Des Moines, Iowa, six thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-six dollars.
Sec. 5. That the sum of twenty-five thou-
sand dollars, appropriated by act approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
for the purchase of site, and the erection
thereon of a post office and court-house build-
ing in Omaha, Nebraska, the same being un-
expended, is hereby revived and reappropriated
for said purpose.
Sec. 0. That any appropriations heretofore
made for any public works, buildings^ or
grounds, for the year commencing July first,
eighteen hundred and seventy one, shall be
available for the current year: Provided, That
noexpenditure beyond the several sums already
appropriated shall be authorized by this sec-
tion. And that the appropriation for the pay-
ment of the salary and traveling expenses of a
special agent of the Treasury Department, and
for the salaries of all supervising inspectors,
local inspectors, and clerks employed in the
administration of the steamboat inspection
laws, made under section first of "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government, for the year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one," approved July fifteen, eighteen hundred
and seventy, and still remaining unexpended,
shall be applicable, as heretofore, to the pay-
ment of such salaries and expenses until suffi-
cient revenue shall accrue therefor under the
provisions of section sixty-six of " An act to
