1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Loads of the United, States.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
sons in the District of Columbia as the Secre-
tary ot' War shall designate, and that a report
of the distribution of the money hereby appro-
priated shall be made to Congress at its next
session.
Slo. 22. Thatthe Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to furnish to the National Freed-
men's Relief Association condemned clothing
find bedding, if such there be on hand, not
needed by the Army, not exceeding live thou-
sand dollars in value, for distribution among
the destitute aged persons above mentioned.
Sec. 23. That the use of the buildings in
Armory Square occupied by the quartermas-
ter's department, if not needed for the public
service, be granted, in the discretion of the
Secretary of War, to the association above
mentioned, for the purpose of enabling it still
further to relieve the destitute persons above
mentioned.
Sec. 24. That the provisions in the act enti-
tled ''An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and for other purposes," for the
erection of a public building in the city of Saint
Louisj Missouri, for the use of the custom-house
and other civil offices of the Government of the
United States, shall be extended and made
available for and during the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Sec. 25. That the salary of the consul at
Matamoras, Mexico, be established, at tiro-
thousand dollars per annum for the fiscal year
ending Juno thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy one, and thereafter.
That- there be paid to the deputy Assistant
Treasurer in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer in the city of New York the sum of six
hundred dollars, the same being a deficiency in
his compensation for the present fiscal year.
Sec. 2G. That there be, and is hereby, appro-
priated, for increased compensation to assist-
ant marshals in taking the census of eighteen
hundred and seventy, the sum of threejiundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 27. That for the purpose of more effect-
ually securing life and property on the coast
of New Jersey and Long Island for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, two hundred thousand dollars, to
be expended in accordance with the provisions
of the "act for the betler preservation of life
and pioperty from vessels shipwrecked on the
coast of the United States/' approved Decem-
ber fourteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and that the Secretary of the Treasury be au-
thorized to employ crews of experienced surf-
incn at such stations and for such periods as
ho may deem necessary and proper, and at such
compensation as he may deem reasonable, not
to exceed forty dollars per month for each par-
son to be employed.
That the jurisdiction conferred by the joint
resolution of June eighteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six. in regard to claims from the
counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, in the State
of West Virginia, and by the joint resolution
of July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
sixty six, in regard to claims from the State of
Tennessee, and by the joint resolution of De-
cember twenty-three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, as amended byfrythe act of March
three, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, in
regard to steamboats and other vessels, shall
not be withdrawn or impaired by any construc-
tion of the law creating oommissioners of claims
to examine claims arising in States proclaimed
to be in insurrection, and the jurisdiction upon
all claims presented by loyal citizens from said
State of Tennessee, and from said counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson, to the proper depart-
ment before the third of March, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy one, shall remain as before
the passage of said act creating said commis-
sioners of claims.
For covering the steam-pipes in the Capitol
with fire proof non-conducting felting, eight
thousand dollars.
Sec. 28. That there be, and is hereby, ap-
propriated, to pay expenses of the Legislative
Assembly of Wyoming Territory, convened
October, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
seventy, and for printing journals of said As-
sembly, and incidental expenses of the office
of secretary for the year eighteen hundred and
seventy, the sum of four thousand two hundred
and fifty dollars.
Sec. 29. That three thousand dollars is ap-
propriated, out of which such sum shall be paid
to John Thompson Mason, late collector ol the
port of Baltimore, for services rendered in the
disbursement of the light-house fund, and for
services performed for light-house purposes
outside the limits of his collection district, such
sum as the Secretary of the Treasury may find
legally due and owing to said party on an
adjustment of his accounts by the Treasury
Department.
Sec. 30. That the act approved January the
twenty-second, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, entitled "An act to fix the
times for the regular meetings of Congress,"
be, and the same is hereby, repealed after the
adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress.
Approved, April 20, 1871.
Chap. XXII.— An Act to enforce the provis-
ions of the Fourteenth Amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person who,
under color of any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, custom, or usage of any State,
shall subject, or cause to be subjected, any
person within the jurisdiction of the United
States to the deprivation of any rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities secured by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, shall, any such law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or
usage of the State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, be liable to the party injured in any action
at law, suit in equity, or other proper proceed-
ing for redress ; such proceeding to be prose-
cuted in the several district or circuit courts
of the United States, with and subject to the
same rights of appeal, review upon error, and
other remedies provided in like cases in such
courts, under the provisions of the ait of the
ninth of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, entitled "An act to protect all persons in
the United States in their civil rights, and to
furnish the means of their vindication and
the other remedial laws of the United States
which are in their nature applicable in such
cases.
Sec. 2. That if two or more persons within
any State or. Territory of the United States
shall conspire together to overthrow, or to put
down, or to destroy by force the Government
of the United States, or to levy war against
the United States, or to oppose by force the
authority cf the Government of the United
States, or by force, intimidation, or threat to
prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any
law of the United States, or by force to seize,
take, or possess any property of the United
States contrary to the authority thereof, or by
force, intimidation, or threat to prevent any
person from accppting or holding any office
or trust or place of confidence under the Uni-
ted States, or from discharging ihe duties
thereof, or by force, intimidation, or threat to
induce any officer of the United States to leave
any State, district, or place where his duties
as such officer might lawfully be performed, or
to injure him in his person or property on
account of his lawful discharge of the duties !
of his office, or to injure his person while
engaged in the lawful discharge of the duties
of his office, or to injure his property so as to
molest, interrupt, hinder, or impede him in
the discharge of his official duty, or by force,
intimidation, or threat to deter any party or
witness in any court of the United States from
attending such court, or from testifying in any
matter pending in such court fully, freely, and
truthfully, or to injure any such party or wit-
ness m his person or property on account of
his having so attended or testified, or by force,
intimidation, or threat to influence the verdict,
presentment, ,or indictment, of any juror or
grand juror in any court of the United States,
or to injure such juror in his person or prop-
erty on account of any veidict, presentment,
or indictment lawfully assented to by him, or
on account of his being or having been such
juror, or shall conspire together, or go in dis-
guise upon 'the public highway or upon the
premises of another for the purpose, either
directly or indirectly, of depriving any person
or any class of persons of the equal protec-
tion of the laws, or of equal privileges or
immunities under the laws, or for the purpose
of preventing or hindering the constituted
authorities of any State from giving or secur-
ing to all persons within such State the equal
protection of the laws, or shall conspire
together for the purpose of in any manner
impeding, hindering, obstructing, or defeating
the due course of justice in any State or Ter-
ritory, with intent to deny to any citizen of
the United States the due and equal protection
of the laws, or to injure any person in his
person or his property for lawfully enforcing
the right of any person or class of persons to
the equal protection of the laws, or by force,
intimidation, or threat to prevent any citizen
of the United States lawfully entitled to vote
from giving his support or advocacy in a law-
ful manner towards or in favor of the election
of any lawfully qualified person as an elector
of President or Vice President of the United
States, or as a member of the Congress of the
United States, or to injure any such citizen in
his person or property on account of such sup-
port or advocacy, each and every person so
offending shall be deemed guilty of a high crime,
and, upon conviction thereof in any district
or circuit, court of the United States or dis-
trict or supreme court of any Territory of the
United States having jurisdiction of similar
offences, shall be punished by a fine not less
than five hundred nor more than five thousand
dollars, or by imprisonment, with or without
hard labor, as the court may determine, for a
period of not less than six months nor more
than six years, as the court may determine,
or by both such fine and imprisonment as the
court shall determine. And if any one or
more persons engaged in any such conspiracy
shall do, or cause to be done, any act in
furtherance of the object of such conspiracy,
whereby any person shall be injured in his per-
son or property, or deprived of having and
exercising any right or privilege of a citizen
of the United States, the person so injured or
deprived of such rights and privileges may
have and maintain an action for the recovery
of damages occasioned by such injury or de-
privation of rights and privileges against any
one or more of the persons engaged in such
conspiracy, such action to be prosecuted in the
proper district or circuit court of the United
States, with and subject to the same rights of
appeal, review upon error, and other remedies
provided in like cases in such courts under the
provisions of the act of April ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, entitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights, and to furnish the means of
their vindication."
Sec. S. That in all cases whereinsurrection,
domestic violence, unlawful combinations, or
