574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
States and States, take military possession
•whenever the laws of the United States are
invaded-. For example, a man passes a coun-
terfeit ten-cent currency note; he is liable to
indictment; thereupon the President should
order out the Army and Navy ; the marshal of
the United States is thereby superseded in his
duties, the circuit and district judge as well
as the district attorney. The President takes
military possession, and he sees that life, lib-
erty, and property are not invaded. You may
smile at this illustration, but I have not gone
one iota beyond the premises claimed to sup-
port the bill.
This is the argument: there are men now
who are citizens of the United States ; we are
bound to protect them in all their rights; among
these rights are the proper enforcement of all
laws ; among these laws are those protecting
currency, regulating revenue, &c. When the
constituted authorities fail to protect or neg-
lect to apply to the President, such shall be
deemed a denial by such State of the equal
protection of the laws, and it is made the duty
of the President to employ the militia and land
and naval forces; that is, make war on the
State, not only when the State courts anywhere
may neglect its duty, but where the United
States courts are perfectly competent and able
to enforce their own laws, for which object they
were established. The President can make
war on New York because there is smuggling
through the New York custom house by the
officers he appoints himself. He can make
war on Ohio because there are bad men there
who pass counterfeit money.
But, Mr. President, conscious of the weak-
ness of any such forced and unnatural con-
struction, of its want of power to authorize
legislation destructive of our whole frame of
government, a legislation which destroys en-
tirely those two rights declared in the Con-
stitution to be inalienable, liberty and the pur-
suit of happiness, and makes the value of the
third, thatis, "life," so little that it can hardly
be estimated, as it is held only by the " clem-
ency" and at the will of a master—conscious,
as 1 said of the absurdity of such a construction
of the fourteenth amendment, the advocates
of these revolutionary measures seek to shelter
themselves under the fourth section of the
fourth article, which is as follows:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Onion a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
" Expressio unins est exclusio alter his" is
the maxim which applies here. The circum-
stances in which the State can be protected
against domestic violence are stated: when
the Legislature cannot be convened, on the call
of the Executive; and on application of the
Legislature. If there is domestic violence
such as is alleged and attempted to be proven,
here is a full, ample, and complete remedy, and
which, from so providing, absolutely forbids
any other interference by other means or under
other circumstances. As well might the Ex-
ecutive apply when the Legislature was in ses-
sion, was convened, as for the Congress or the
President to interfere in any other manner or
under other circumstances. But it is said the
United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment. The interference is to enforce that
power. Now, this cannot be true in fact or in
law in reference to the southern States, for
Congress has recently recognized the form of
government in all those States as republican
m form by the acts under which they were re-
habilitated. But it is well known that this
clause of the Constitution has never been con-
strued to extend further than to protect a pre-
existing republican form of government from
being changed to anti-republican, to a mon-
archical or aristocratic form of government.
Whenever the States may choose to substitute
other republican forms of government they
have a right to do so, and claim the Federal
guarantee for the latter. (Story on the Con-
stitution, sections 181-5,1816,1817 ; the Fed-
eralist, No. 21.)
This is a power to protect a State constitu-
tion and a State government; not a power to
destroy it.
The two other propositions which have been
set up, namely, that "there was an unwritten
constitution," that "the safety of the people
is the supreme law," being set up by way of
confession and evidence, have no proper place
in a serious argument, except so far as the
setting of them up goes to show a conscious-
ness on the part of those who set them up of
the entire want of power to pass any such bill
as that proposed. •
Constitutions are chains with which men
bind themselves in their sane moments in
order that they may not die by a suicidal hand
in the day of their frenzy. If they can be dis-
regarded deliberately and avowedly on a plea
of public safety in time of war or peace; if
they can be altered or amended except by the
will of all, expressed as directed therein, they
are of no more value than the paper on which
they are written. Nay, sir, they are worse
than useless; for they drug the sentinels of
liberty while the freedom of the country is
being destroyed. They lead us to lean on a
broken reed, and our fall will be heavy.
The history of all the past comes to tell us
that lost republics are lost forever. They are
lost from their own shame, their own corrup-
tion, their own want of vigilance, their silly
and fatal love and worship of military glory,
their lawless lust of power, their worship of
men; all these are so degrading, that when
from their existence to a great degree in a
republic the virtuous and good element is over-
come, the society is no longer fit for a repub-
lic. The miserablevictimsoften hug the chains
which are placed around them ; hold out their
shameless hands for the manacles.
Under date of December 20, 1787, Mr. Jef-
ferson wrote to Mr. Madison in reference to
the original Constitution, which contained no
bill of rights:
"I will now tell you what I do not like. First, the
omission of a bill of rights, providing clearly, and
without the aid of sophism, for freedom of religion,
freedom of the press, the eternal and unremitting
force of the habeas corpu-i laws, and trials by jury in
all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land
and not by the laws of nations."
Will this generation, in their blindness, with
all the examples they have had in the last ten
years of the truth of that maxim that " eternal
vigilance is the price of liberty," surrender
the whole Bill of Rights without protest, and
without any possible excuse or necessity?
In the case of Milligan, decided in 1866, since
the demoralization of public opinion created
by a long and bloody civil war, the Supreme
Court of the United States held that neither
the Presidentnor Congress, nor the judiciary,
can disturb any one of the safeguards of civil
liberty incorporated into the Constitution, ex-
cept so far as the right is given when in cases
of rebellion or invasion the public safety may
require it; that the guarantee of trial by jury
contained in the Constitution was intended for
a state of war as well as for a state of peace,
and is equally binding upon rulers and people
at all times and under all circumstances.
The maxim salus populi suprema lex is not
applicable as a legal maxim to any matter
positively prohibited by the Constitution. The
party acting on it is and must be revolutionary.
But that party that seeks shelter under it in
time of profound peace, when there is no rebel-
lion or invasion, in any case but that of the
most supreme, imminent, and overwhelming
necessity, is a party that has " some other pur-
pose" than to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment.
John Locke, in his Essay on Civil Govern-
ment, said:
"As usurpation is the exercise of power which
another hath aright to, so tyranny is the exercise
of power beyond right, which nobody can have a
right to. When the governor, however entitled,
makes not the law bur, his will the rule, he calls it
tyranny. It is a mistake [ho says] to think this
fault proper only to monarebies; other forms of gov-
ernment areliabletoit aswell as that; for whenever
power that is put in any hands for the goverment of
the people and the preservation of their properties
is applied to other ends, and made use of to impov-
erish, harass, or subdue them to the arbitrary and
irregular commands of those that have it, then it
presently becomes tyranny, whether those that use
it are one or many."
Thus we read of the thirty tyrants at Athens,
as well as one at Syracuse ; and the intoler-
able dominion of the Decemviri at Rome was
nothing better.
Individual welfare shall in cases of necessity
yield to that of the community. Property,
liberty, and life may, under certain circum-
stances, be placed in jeopardy, or even sacri-
ficed for the public good. But the public good
is in nothing more essentially interested, says
Blackstone, than in the protection of every
individual's private right "as modeled by the
municipal law." "It would be dangerous to
allow any private man or even any public tri-
bunal to be the judge of this common good, and
decide whether it be expedient or no." Com-
menting on the maxim salus populi suprema
lex, as applied to penal laws and the adminis-
tration of criminal law, Lord Brougham says:
"A distinction must still be remarked between the
' lilacita' and the ' reguloe' juris, inasmuch as the law
will rather suffer a particular offense to escape with-
out punishment than permit a violation of its fixed
and positive rules."
Mr. President, there is no proof that all
the crimes alleged to have been committed
cannot be punished by a proper organization
of the United States courts. Every one of
these offenses are punishable by the State
courts; they are in full operation, with all
their processes served without hindrance from
any one. So far from that sapreme necessity
existing which, in times of sudden and violent
political shocks, justifies the resort to the
maxim, on the ground that law no longer
exists, (for it is a revolutionary maxim in such
cases,) it is not suggested that any necessity
exists except a want of ability or zeal by the
Government in executing the laws, which laws,
without alteration, are ample for the purpose,
and can be enforced at any moment without
this bill, in accordance with the Constitution,
by the whole military power of the Gov-
ernment.
Under these circumstances, I cannot but
consider the precedent about to be set most
dangerous. I cannot but believe that there
must be, as the title says, other objects in view
besides the enforcement of the fourteenth
amendment.
Mr. President, I lay my hand on this Bill of
Rights, and in the name of my constituents I
"do claim, demand, and insist upon all and
singular the premises as their undoubted rights
and liberties;" the true, ancient, and indu-
bitable rights of the people of this country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan.) Is the Senate ready for the question on
the first amendment to this bill reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What is
the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. In section two, line nine,
it is proposed to strike out the words "against
the will and," and in line ten to strike out the
words "of the United States" and insert
"thereof;" so as to read, "or delay the exe-
cution of any law of the United States, or by
force to seize, take, or possess any property
of the United States contrary to the authority
thereof, or by force, intimidation," &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To that particular
amendment there would, perhaps, be no ob-
jection. Probably it is a proper amendment
to make, as it corrects the phraseology and
does uot alter the meaning of the bill; but as
I thought it was better not to attempt to amend
