1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
always were. The citizen of the United States
was to be defended as against foreign aggres-
sion, as against foreign nations, in all his
rights of a national character, under the old
Constitution. The fourteenth amendment has
not defined what the privileges and immuni-
ties of citizenship are. Was not Martin Van
Buren, or Zachary Taylor, or James K. Polk
just as much a citizen, and a native-born citi-
zen, of the United States before the fourteenth
amendment as the Senator from Wisconsin is
to day since the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment? They were citizens, and they
were clothed with all the rights of American
citizenship, and the Federal Government was
bound to protect them in whatever immunity
and privilege belonged to them as citizens of
the nation; but that did not have reference to
the protection of those persons in individual
rights in their respective States, except so far
as being citizens of one State entitled them to
the privileges and immunities of citizens in
every other.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to inter-
rupt my friend once more, if he will allow me
to do so. ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand him to
maintain that a colored man born in Massa-
chusetts, under the old Constitution, was a
citizen of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was my opinion,
but not the opinion of others.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am trying your
opinions, nob'ody else's. The Senator says
the colored man born in Massachusetts was a
citizen of the United States under the old Con-
stitution. If lie moved from Massachusetts
into South Carolina he did not carry with him
the rights of citizenship of the State of Massa-
chusetts, and the Constitution in South Caro-
lina only protected him in the rights which
belonged to a colored citizen of that State. If
these rights which we are now speaking of are
the rights of an American citizen, apart from
the citizenship of the State, and they were pro-
tected by the old Constitution, then, whatever
those privileges and immunities were, they
would have been the same in South Carolina
as they were in Massachusetts; and yet we
all know that every privilege that can be
' assigned to a man—the right to be a party in
court, the right to be a witness—all those priv-
ileges which are personal, and which pertain
to every free man everywhere, were denied to
that citizen just as soon as he got into South
Carolina, and the Constitution of the United
States did not reach him and did not profess
to reach him. It simply said to South'Caro-
lina, ''You shall give this colored man com-
ing from Massachusetts just as much right
as you give the colored men of South Caro-
lina." The Constitution now says to South'
Carolina, " You shall no longer enforce a law
that abridges the privileges of any citizen."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. This Constitution says no such
thing as that a State shall not abridge the
privileges of any citizen. It speaks of citizens
of the United States, and you have not ad-
vanced one step in the argument unless you
can define what the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the United States are. If the
Senator from Wisconsin had honored me with
his attention when I commenced, he would
have observed that I stated at the commence-
ment that this national Government was not
formed for the purpose of protecting the indi-
vidual in his rights of person and of property.
* Mr. CARPENTER. That is what I under-
stand to be the very change wrought by the
fourteenth amendment. It is now put in that
aspect and does protect them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ttren it would be an
annihilation entirely, of the States. Such is
not the fourteenth amendment. The States
were, and are now, the depositaries of the
rights of the individual against encroachment.
Mr. CARPENTER. And that Constitution
42d Cong. 1st 8ess.—No. 37.
forbids them to deny them, and authorizes
Congress to legislate so as to carry that prohi-
bition into execution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Constitution had
said that the privileges and immunities of
citizens of the United States embraced all the
rights of person and property belonging to an
individual, then the Senator would be right;
but it says no such thing. In my judgment,
the fourteenth amendment has uot changed
an iota of the Constitution, as it was originally
framed, in that respect. I take the Senator's
case of the colored man in Massachusetts.
That colored man in Massachusetts before the
fourteenth amendment was adopted, in my
judgment, was a citizen of the United States
as well as a citizen of Massachusetts. That
was my opinion about itthen ; and this amend-
ment carries out what I believed to be the law
of the land at that time. However, as I have
already explained, others took a different view
in consequence of the existence of slavery
which they held to be the normal .condition
of the colored man. The people of the south-
ern States always insisted that slavery was not
established by statute law. Some of them
insisted that the colored man was a slave by
nature. They did not look to statutes to make
him so. This amendment simply carries out
the provisions of the law, as 1 understood it
before, and makes it certain that all persons
of whatever color born in the United States
are citizens.
The difference between the Senator from
Wisconsin and myself is, as to what are the
privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States. I insist that the privileges and
immunities belonging to the citizen of the Uni-
ted States as such are of a national character,
and such as the nation is bound to protect,
whether the citizen be in foreign lands, or in
any of the States of the Union. The Govern-
ment of the United States protects the citizen
of the United States to the same extent in
Carolina or Massachusetts as it protects him
in Portugal or in England. National citizen-
ship is one thing, and State citizenship another;
and before this contitutional amendment was
adopted the same obligation, in my judgment,
rested upon the Government of the United
States to protect citizens of the United States
as now.
The next clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment is this:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of lifo,
liberty, or property, without due process of law."
That was the Constitution applicable to the
Government of the United States before the
adoption of the late amendments. The Fed-
eral Government had no authority under the
Constitution as it was amended, in 1791 I
think, to deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law. That
inhibition did not extend to the States, but
all the States had adopted a similar clause in
their State constitutions. Every one of them,
as far as I have examined, had done so ; but
there was no clause in the Constitution of the
United States binding them to carry out this
provision. There is no change in that respect
so far as the States are concerned, and the
Federal Government cannot interfere with the
States so long as they do not deprive some
person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law. If they should, (hen the power
is given to the Federal Government to correct
that violation of the Constitution of the United
States. It may now prevent any State from
depriving any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law. 1 am not now
speaking of the machinery for doing it; but
the power is now in the Federal Government
under the fourteenth amendment to prevent a
State doing what no State would undertake to
do without a violation of its own constitution.
Then follows the other clause:
"Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws."
That is a new provision, and the Federal
Government is now vested with power to see
to it that no State deprives any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law, or denies to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws; just
as, under the old Constitution, no State could
pass a law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts. The Federal Government was vested
with power to see that no State did pass a law
impairing the obligation of contracts. Bat
suppose a State did doit? Suppose a State
passed an ex post facto law or a law impairing
the obligation of contracts? That act was void,
and it was the duty of the State courts to pro-
nounce it void, which, in some instances, they
did. But suppose the State .courts uphold this
void act of the State Legislature, which im-
paired the obligation of contracts'; what then?
The Federal Government interfered and de-
clared the law invalid and afforded to the party
the means to enforce his contract as it had
been made.
Now, suppose in the cases arising under the
fourteenth amendment that a State attempts
to deprive a person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law, or suppose
that a State denies to a person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of tlie laws, then
the Federal Government has a right to set aside
this action of the State authorities and see to
it that the person is protected in his life and
his liberty and his property, unless they are
taken from him by due process of law, and
that he receives the equal protection of the
laws, just as it furnished the means to give
him the enforcement of his contract under the
old Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me a question at that point ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The prohibition in the
old Constitution that no State should pass a
law impairing the obligation of contracts was
a negative prohibition laid upon the State.
Congress was not authorized to interfere in
case the State violated that provision. It is
true that when private rights were affected by
such a State law, and that was brought before
the judiciary, either of the State or nation, it
was the duty of the court to pronounce the act
void ; but there the matter ended. Under the
present Constitution, however, in regard to
those rights which are secured by the fourteenth
amendment, they are not left as the right of
the citizen in regard to laws impairing the ob-
ligation of contracts was left, to be disposed
of by the courts as the cases should arise be-
tween man and man, but Congress is clothed
with the affirmative power and jurisdiction to
correct the evil.
I think there is one of the fundamental, one
of the great, the tremendous revolutions
effected in our Government by that article of
the Constitution. It gives Congress affirma-
tive power to protect the rights of the citizen,
whereas before no such right was given to save
the citizen from the violation of any of his
rights by State Legislatures, and the only
remedy was a judicial one when the case
arose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
not specially upon the question of remedies at
this moment, as to how the United States
should afford the remedy; but let me say to
the Senator from Wisconsin that the authority
of the United States was just as positive under
the Constitution, as originally framed, as it is
under the fourteenth amendment. What says
the Constitution of the United States? It
says—this is the original Constitution:
" No State shall pass any ex post facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of contracts."
That is what the Constitution said. What
else did it say?
" The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department
or officer thereof."
