1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
Can we do that? That is this section of the
bill when you leave out the verbiage. It
declares that in all cases where domestic vio-
lence in any State obstructs the impartial
course of justice—that means in the State—and
the constituted authorities of such State shall
from any cause fail in protection of the people
in such rights, it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent to employ the land and naval forces of
the United States for the purpose of putting
down such domestic violence.
Why, Mr. President, can that be possible?
Is it not our duty to endeavor -first to enforce:
the law through the civil tribunals of the coun-
try? Are you going to call upon the Army
and Navy of the United States to put down
domestic violence, because the impartial ad-
ministration of justice is interfered with, or
obstructed, in a particular locality when the
United States courts are open? Why, sir,
formerly, when in 1795 the law was passed
authorizing the Army and Navy to be used, it
was only when the judicial tribunals of the
United States were overborne. Here is a
proposition, without any call from the States
for assistance, to put down domestic violence,
that the President of the United States may,
whenever the course of justice is not impar-
tially administered in any State of this Union,
march the Army and Navy there and use them
to put down domestic violence. That was not
the bill as it passed the House of Representa-
tives. The bill as it passed that body pro-
vided that where this insurrection or domestic
violence in any State should so far obstruct
or hinder the execution of the laws thereof
and of the United States as to deprive any
portion or class of the people of any of the
rights, privileges, or immunities secured by
the Constitution, the President might inter-
pose. That we have a right to do.
When there is a conspiracy that obstructs
the laws of the United States so that persons
cannot have the rights to which they are en-
titled under the Constitution of the United
States, we have a right then, when the courts
cannot afford the requisite protection, to call
for the military assistance ; but as the bill is
altered, it provides for giving this assistance
to put down domestic violence in any locality
in a State whenever the impartial administra-
tion of justice is interfered with.
The next section relates to the suspension
of the writ of the habeaseorpus. The amend-
ments in that section are not material.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is only one, and
that is as to the time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the amend-
ment is of sufficient importance to take any
time of the Senate in regard to it. The sec-
tion itself, if the bill is to be amended, I should
be in favor of striking out.
I would not authorize the suspension of the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus by the
President in such cases as are here provided
for. I do not think there is any necessity for
it, and I think it is setting a dangerous prece-
dent. This great writ of habeas corpus ought
not to be suspended except in the most urgent
cases. The Constitution of the United States
only authorizes it to be suspended in cases of
invasion or rebellion,,and then only when the
public safety requires it. The importance of
this writ is known to everybody. I will read
a single sentence from Story on the Constitu-
tion to see in what light this writ is regarded :
"It is, therefore, justly esteemed the great bul-
wark of personal liberty; since it is tlie appropriate
remedy to ascertain whether any person is rightfully
in conlinement or not, and the cause of his confine-
ment."
Again:
"Mr. Justice Blackstono has remarked with great
force that 'to bereave a man of life, or by violence
to confiscate his estate without accusation or trial,
would be so gross and notorious an act of despotism
as must at once convoy the alarm of tyranny through-
out the whole kingdom. But confinement of the
person by secretly hurrying him to jail, where his
bufferings are unknown or forgotten, is a less pub-
lic. a less striking, and therefore a more dangerous
engine of arbitrary force."' * * * *
"The right to suspend this writ is expressly eon-
fined to eases of rebellion or invasion, where the
public safety may require it; a very just and whole-
some restraint, whion cuts down at a blow a fruitful
means of oppression, capable of being abused in bad
times to the worst of purposes."Story on the Consti-
tution, vol. 2, pages 236, 238.
Now, sir, I wish to say here that I do not
believe the power would be abused in the pres-
ent instance. I have that confidence in the
President of the United States that I do not
believe he would suspend the writ of habeas
corpus unless there was a necessity for it, and I
do not think that a case would arise where he
would deem it advisable. But although I have
that confidence in the person now occupying
the position of President, the precedent which
we set to-day may be followed in other times
when a different person will occupy the pres-
idential chair. At the time that Story wrote,
and that is not many years ago, he says that
the writhad never been suspended. The priv-
ileges of this great writ of right, the protec-
tion of the citizen against arbitrary arrest and
imprisonment, never were suspended by the
United States until the late rebellion, and
then it was not until, I think, the second year
of the war that the act of Congress was passed
authorizing its suspension to continue during
the war. Mr. Jefferson was opposed to the
power being vested in Congress to suspend
the writ at any time, so sacred did he hold
the privileges of this great writ of right. Now,
sir, when is it proposed to suspend the priv-
ileges of this writ ?
That whenever in any Stato or part of a State the
unlawful combinations named in the preceding sec-
tion of this act shall bo organized and armed, and
so numerous and powerful as to beablo, by violence,
to eitheroverthrow or set atdcfianco tho constituted
authorities of such State, and of the United States
within such State, or when the constituted author-
ities are in complicity with, or shall connivo at the
unlawful purposes of, such powerful ami armed com-
binations; and whenever, by reason of either or all
of thecauses aforesaid, thoconviction of such offend-
ers and the preservation of tho public safety shall
beoome in such district impracticable, in every such
case such combinations shall be deemed a, rebellion
against the Government of the United States, and
during thecontinuanceof such rebellion, and within
the limits of the district which shall be so under tho
sway thereof, such limils to bo prescribed by proc-
lamation, it shall bo lawful for tho President of the
United States, when, in his judgment, the public
safety shall require it, to suspend tho privileges of
the writ of habeas corpus, to the end that such rebel-
lion may be overthrown.
Then follows a provision that in case of the
suspension, when the court meets, which may
be at some distant period, the prisoners shall
be turned over to the jurisdiction of the court.
Now, sir, what is this section, when you leave
out the verbiage and come to its real meaning?
It authorizes the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus. When ? Not when a rebellion
exists; not when an invasion is made. Those
are the words of the Constitution, "invasion
and rebellion," and those words have definite
meanings. What is a rebellion ? I hold in my
hand a work entitled Finlason on Martial Law,
and he defines a rebellion in these words :
"And as civil war is as much war as war with a
foreign Power, and rebellion is a state of civil war
betweehthosubjectand thesovereign, ithas always
been considered by the common law. that rebellion
is a state of war.''—Finlason, on Martial Lavs, page 2.
That is what rebellion is. When the men
who made the Constitution of the United
States used the word "rebellion" they meant
by the term war against the Government.
What does this section propose? It proposes
to suspend the writ in eases of unlawful com-
binations doing what? Makingwar? No, sir;
they are to be combinations armed and pow-
erful enough "to be able by violence" to do
certain things, but they need not do anything.
They would include combinations in a remote
town in the State of Iowa, if you please,
formed by the women of the village for the
purpose of preventing the opening of a liquor
shop. My friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] will understand that. The ladies of a
little town away off in Iowa get together and
insist that no man shall set up a whisky shop
in their midst, and threaten if he does they
will destroy his liquors ; there is an unlawful
combination sufficiently powerful to overcome
the administration of justice, and I am sure if
my friend from Massachusetts was. the justice
of the peace he would not attempt to interfere.
But what is the result? Why, sir, that com-
bination is war, and the great writ of habeas
corpus is to be suspended 1 Is that the mean-
ing of the Constitution of the United States?
How is it proposed to get around the Consti-
tution? By simply naming the unlawful com-
bination a rebellion!
The law books tell us what such unlawful
combinations as this section describes really
are. They do not amount to riots, nor are
they quite routs, but they are unlawful assem-
blies. Bishop on Criminal Law defines the
very thing which this section calls a rebellion.
I read from bis definition :
"Riots, routs, and unlawful assemblies may be
mentioned as illustrations of these public disturb-
ances. They severally require, says Blaokstone,
'three persons, at least, to constitute them.'"
Now, let us see what an "unlawful assem-
bly" is. This bill calls it an " unlawful com-
bination."
"An unlawful assembly is when three or more do
assemble themselves together to do an unlawful act,
us to pull down inclosurcs. to destroy a warren, or
tho game therein, and part without doing it or
making any motion toward it."
That is exactly what this 'section provides
for: an armed powerful organization with abil-
ity to do great things but never doing anything,
and parting without taking any step toward it.
That is called in this bill a rebellion! Now,
what is a "rout?"
"A rout is whero three or more meet to do an un-
lawful act upon a common quarrel, as forcibly break-
ing down fences upon a right claimed of common or
of way, and make some advances toward it."
A rout is a bigger offense than the one de-
scribed here, because it requires some advance
to be made.
"A riot is where throo or more actually do an un-
lawful act of violence, either with or -without com-
mon cause or quarrel, as if thoy beat a man, or hunt
and kill game in another's park, chase, warren, or
liberty, or do any other unlawful act with force and
violence.'*—Bishop on Criminal Law. chapter 61,
page 547.
The offense described in this section does
not amount to a riot, because then something
has to be actually done; it is not a rout, for
in a rout there has to be a movement toward
doing something; but an unlawful assembly
is where persons get together for an unlawful
purpose and make no movement at all. They
are powerful, armed, and have got ability to
do great things; and thafr, in this bill, is called
a rebellion I
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to ask him if he
voted for the act of July 29. 1861, which pro-
vided for the suppression of rebellion, &c.?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted for almost every
law during that rebellion. I thought it was a
pretty big one, and if you have got another
one like that I will vote to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus, or anything else you want,
to put it down. We were in the midst of war
then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When my friend says he
thought it was a pretty big one I do not know
whether he means the law or the rebellion.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. The rebellion was pretty
large then. I take it, it was bigger than the
unlawful assembly described in this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of 1861, which
I rather believe ray friend framed himself,
though I have no information on that point—it
certainly is as careful and astute as Ins phrase-
ology generally is—the act of 1801, notwith-
i standing Mr. Bishop, who seems to be a par-
| ticular friend of his just now, provided—
" That whenever, by reason of unlawful obstruc-
tions, combinations, or assemblages of persons, or
rebellion against the authority of tho United States,
it shall becomo impracticable, in the judgment
of tho President, to enforce by the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings, the laws of the United
States." <fcc.
