582
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
the President of the United States should in
that case be authorized to employ all the land
and naval forces of the United States, and the
militia also, I believe, to the end of suppress-
ing the same, and all forcible obstructions, and
so on. Then a subsequent act provided for
suspending the writ of habeas corpus during
the rebellion, which Congress then declared to
be a rebellion, and which was defined by just
such language, only much broader and more
loose still than this, if my friend will look at
it, because there is here the enumeration of a
great many things that are to happen before it
is suspended. 1 do not know what the fact
was, but, on the face of the law, the statutory
enactment was as much further outside of
Bishop than this bill, is as it is possible to
imagine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notrecollectpartic-
ularly about the statute of 1861 ; but it seems
that even then—the date of the act the Senator
did not give, but it was after the breaking out
of the war, I am quite sure—even then we did
not suspend the writ of habeas corpus. That act
authorized the President to employ the Army
and the Navy. Is not that law of 1861 in force
to-day, which will authorize him to employ
the Army and the Navy? I presume it is, and
there are many other statutes in force. What
we need in the southern States is the exe-
cution of the laws we have, rather than the
enactment of more laws; and this act of 1861,
which I doubtless voted for 
Mr. EDMUNDS. You made it yourself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember the
particulars about it at this time; and it would
not change any principle whether I voted for
it or voted against it. But it seems that even
then, in the midst of war, when we passed
that law which authorized the President to use
the Army and the Navy to put down the war
that was raging, we did not authorize the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus; that was
not done until a year or two afterward. That
law still exists. Let me not put myself or the
Senator from Vermont put mo in a false posi-
tion. I am prepared to give the President
all the power that anybody can ask to use the
Army and the Navy if necessary, and the mili-
tia. too, for the purpose of enforcing the laws
of the United Statea when they are resisted.
But it is a different thing, and I am arguing a
different question entirely when I ain com-
menting upon the impropriety of authorizing
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
because of the existence of an unlawful com-
bination armed and powerful, and that has
done nothing whatever.
Mr. ED \1 (JNDS. You do not state it as it
is in the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is weary. I
am through, as I should have been an hour
ago but for the interruptions. I really beg
pardon of the Senate for detaining it so long.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 295) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to place at the disposal of the
Lyon Monument Association of Missouri cer-
tain condemned cannon ;
A bill (S. No. 811) in relation to the pay-
ment of the salary of Robert C. Schenck,
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary of the United States to Great Britain :
and
A bill (H. R. No. 381) relating to the harbor
at Buffalo, New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourtieu.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 11, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, E>. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of journal.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to ask that a cor-
rection be made in the Journal. I introduced
a bill yesterday (H. R. No. 358) for the relief
of William Green, of Knox county, Indiana,
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed. There is no record on the Journal
of the order to print.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment a bill of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 381) relating to the harbor
at Buffalo, New York.
personal explanations.
Mr. KENDALL. On Thursday last, pend-
ing the consideration of the bill to enforce the
provisions of the fourteenth amendment, com-
monly called the Ku Klux bill, I was neces-
sarily absent from my seat on business of my
constituents. Had I been here, upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] to strike out the third section,
1 should have voted in the affirmative, and
upon the final passage of the bill I should
have voted in the negative.
Mr. BIGGS. I see in the Patriot this morn-
ing my name published as being absent from
my seat yesterday when the vote was taken on
the amnesty bill. That is true; I was absent
on account of sickness in my family. If I had
been here I would undoubtedly have voted for
the bill, as my votes on all previous occasious
will show, when similar bills were before the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I was neces-
sarily absent yesterday when the votes were
taken on the passage of the-amnesty bill, and
on the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] in regard to the rev-
enue system. I am in favor both of the bill
and of the resolution, and should have voted
for both.
robert c. schenck.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table, for consider-
ation at this time, the bill (S. No. 311) in rela-
tion to the payment of the salary of Robert C.
Schenck, envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary of the United States to Great
Britain.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the accounting officers of the Treasury
to pay to Robert C. Schenck, out of any money
appropriated for the compensation of an envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
Great Britain, his salary as such minister up
to the time when he shall reach his post, not-
withstanding his detention in the United States
to serve as one of the members of a joint com-
mission beyond the thirty days allowed by the
eighth section of the act to regulate the dip-
lomatic and consular systems of the United
States, approved August 18, 1856; but no
pay to be made him for his services as such
commissioner.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
government buildings at oshkosh.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be.
and he is hereby, requested to report to this House
his views as to the expediency of erecting a, court-
house and post office building at Oshkosh, Wiscon-
sin, together with estimates of the eost< of such a
building. _
Mr. AMBLER. I object, and call for the
regular order.
tennessee congressional election."
Mr. McCRARY. I submit the following
privileged resolution:
Resolved, That the election for members of Con-
gress from the State of Tennessee, on the 8th day
of November, 1870, was held on the day fixed by
law, and was not void by reason of having been
held on the said day.
The Committee of Elections, after careful
consideration, unanimously report this reso-
lution. I think there is no disposition to dis-
cuss it, and therefore ask for a vote upon it.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by whicl^, the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lyon monument association.
* Mr. WELLS. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, and con-
sidered at this time, Senate bill No. 295, author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the Lyou Monument Association of
Missouri certain condemned cannon.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the Lyon Monumental Association
of the State of Missouri, twelve condemned
canuon to be used for the purpose of erecting
a monument in the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
to the memory of the late Brigadier General
Nathaniel Lyon.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first, second,
and third times, and passed.
Mr. WELLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ferry-boats, etc.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that the House now proceed to the considera-
tion of Housebill No. 329, relative to the entry
and clearance of ferry-boats, &c.
Mr. AMBLER. I object, and insist upon
the regular order.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
insisted upon, the House will now proceed to
the consideration in the House, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, of the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 19, making appro-
priations for the payment of additional clerks
and messengers in the Pension Office, and for
other purposes, upon which thegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. I propose, Mr. Speaker,
with the consent of the House, that general
debate upon this bill shall continue for such
time as its character may indicate that the
House desires proper debate of the bill; and
then, after proper time, to ask that we proceed
to the consideration of the Senate amendments
and the recommendations of the special Com-
mittee on Appropriations of this House; first,
toconsiderthoseamendmentsin which the com-
mittee recommend concurrence, then those in
which the committee recommend concurrence
with amendments; and lastly, those amend-
ments in which the committee recommend
