584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
dred thousand dollars. The population is not
go dense in that part of the city as between
here and Fifteenth street, and the representa-
tion of the property-owners is that it would
he perfectly ruinous to them to be obliged to
repave Pennsylvania avenue with the same
pavement which has been put down between
here and Fifteenth street. One individual was
obliged to pay $1,000 as his share of the ex-
pense of paving Pennsylvania avenue on a
frontage of less than fifty feet. The new pave-
ment between here and Fifteenth street has
been done three or four months. Whether
it will be a success or not no one can tell.
There are bad places in that pavement which
tend to impair one's confidence in its ultimate
success. It seems to the committee that it is
a matter of prudence that there should be
a further test of the pavement between here
and Fifteenth street before continuing a like
pavement from Fifteenth street to Rock creek.
It seemed to us that it would be better to
repair and relay, if necessary, the present pave-
ment in a period of four or five years, answer-
ing every exigency of the public ; that it would
be better, instead of imposing an expenditure
of $94,000 upon the Government, and two
hundred and odd thousand dollars upon the
property-owners, on the continuation merely
of this experiment, to provide an appropri-
ation of $10,000 on the part of the Govern-
ment for repairing and relaying, where neces-
sary, on the condition that the authorities of
the District of Columbia appropriate a like
sum, and that the Georgetown and Washington
railroad repair in like manner so much of the
pavement as their charter requires of them.
An estimate of General Michler that $12,000
would do the whole work was laid before Con-
gress during last session. Therefore, instead
of the amendment of the Senate which involves
expenditure of nearly half a million dol-
lars, the committee propose as a substitute an
appropriation of $10,000 for repairs.
The next and more important public work
contemplated by the amendments of the Sen-
ate is the establishment of a public park in
this city. Every one who has lived for any
considerable time in this city lia3 had some
knowledge brought to him, I dare say, of this
publicpurk ; everybody who takes an iutercsliu
the beauty and growth of this city has taken an
interest in everything that tends to improve it.
There is a portion of public ground lying be-
. tween this Capitol and the President's House,
along the banks of the Potomac, capable of
being made into one of the most beautiful
parks in the world. 1 understand it can be
made far superior to Hyde park in London. I
have had the privilege of seeing plans of it,
some of which I have the consent of those
who have drawn them to present to this
House, while there are others which the com-
mittee have had the privilege of seeing which
I can unfold here to the House, presenting a
park which to my unsophisticated ideas sur-
passes all that I have ever seen of beauty in
the lineof parks in any city where I have been;
with walks and boulevards, and fountains and
lakes, and bridges, beautiful in structure and
suggesting ideas of poetry and romance, and
elegant fountains and marble statues and grand
obelisks, and everything of that kind.
These are what my eyes have been ravished
with in the plans of this park, which it is pro-
posed to create, as with a magic wand, by a
simple enactment in this bill without a dollar
from the Treasury. It would no doubt be very
desirable for the growth and beauty and good
name of this city that this park should be
established, and that in this eligible region
of the city, the property of the United States,
now only traversed by a God-forsaken canal full
of dead men's bones and all manner of unclean-
ness, with here and there an old wood-pile, or
coal-heap, or railroad station, which shouldall
be swept away, there should be magnolias and
rainbows in the spray of fountains, and every-
thing else thatjs elegant and beautiful.
Mr. Speaker, I will show it to you, [unfold-
ing a large map or plan.] That portion of this
beautiful map of the city of Washington, which
is to form this park, is painted green. All this
beautiful net-work represents walks and prom-
Those with a red tint are to be laid
with some kind of flagging-stone—I do not
know what. Then here are the waters of the
Potomac, and this is one of the unfortunate
and unpleasant drawbacks, the engineer hav-
ing calculated that a million cubic yards of
earth are to be put in here before you can get
an opportunity to traverse this park from one
end to the other after having excluded the
Potomac river. Now, sir, you cannot get one
single yard of that done for less than seventy-
five cents; and if there are a million yards,
and they were all right here at this point, that
would take $750,000 before you get out to the
waters of the Potomac.
I state these unpleasant considerations, Mr.
Speaker, not because I am opposed to a park,
but because there is a feature in this bill to
which I wish to allude; for the plan is to do
all this without any expenditure of money.
[Laughter.] We have begun this park already
from the President's House down to the Poto-
mac. Within the last five years we have been
filling up down that way and building these
walks of this tinted color, and we have already
appropriated so far about two hundred thou-
sand dollars for the purpose. Before we can
open it and straighten this canal, and fill out
into the Potomac, the estimates of the cost
which the committee have been able to obtain
are anywhere between one and two million
dollars. It is proposed, however, to do this
without any cost to the Government by this
simple process: to sell off what real estate we
have, except this park, and devote the proceeds
to the completion of the park. That, we are
told, will be a way of doing it without any cost
to the Government. It will be a way, 1 con-
fess, of doing it without taking any additional
money out of the Treasury, to the extent of
the proceeds of the sales of that real estate;
but if you sell the real estate the proceeds of
that sale will be money belonging to the United
States, and if appropriated to this park, it seems
to me the result will be precisely the same as
if the money was taken from the Treasury in
the first place.
But the proposition is to enter upon this
great work, not only to enter upon it at this time
and at this period of the financial history of
the country, but to enter upon it at this timo
in the history of this Congress, which is the
very first hours of the Congress. We are to
signalize thework of this Congress by embark-
ing in a plan that no other Congress has ever
found the Treasury in a condition to justify ;
and we are to make haste to do it in an extra
session ; wo are to do it before we can appoint
the committee to whom it properly should be
referred for consideration. We are to make
such haste to do it that we are to go so far
upon this plan and work that we cannot retreat
hereafter, though engineers upon careful ex-
amination should find that it involved the ulti-
mate expenditure of $5,000,000. All this we
are urged to do, not only by the olher branch
of Congress, but by every gentleman, who, I
have no doubt, honestly feels a just pride in
the adornment of the capital city of the nation,
and by all those who may be supposed indi-
rectly to feel an interest at this time in the
undertaking.
Sir, these are considerations which, it seems
to me, w;e should carefully weigh: whether
ultimately, or at any other time, this property
should be set apart for a park ; whether at the
next session of Congress or some other session
of Congress we will enter upon this work.
It is our property, and can never be parted
with for any other purpose except with our
consent. It waits upon opportunity and upon
ability, and there with propriety it can wait,
and there is no occasion for haste in under-
taking this work. Therefore, I cannot feel that
we will be justified in entering upon this
appropriation and this work at this time under
any delusion that because the little amount
set apart for the work here now is to be repaid
to the Treasury by selling off city lots, and
therefore undertaking to delude the people of
the United States by saying that we get this
park without costing the Treasury anything.
No such humbug as that will stand with the
people of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me a question?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman, and I ask it for my own inform-
ation, whether the ground that occupies a
part, of the site of this proposed park is in
any danger from any laws now in existence of
being made use of for a depot building near
the avenue; and whether this proposition is
any way connected with or antagonized with
the proposition to use the grounds in that
quarter of the city for any such purpose ? I
have been told that efforts of that sort are
making; and I ask this question in order to
obtain information upon that point.
Mr. DAWES. I understand there are efforts
on the part of a railroad company to establish
a depot, not upon any part of the ground that
belongs to the United States, but within such
proximity to those grounds as would, in the
opinion of those who have the park at heart,
very much impair its future ; but that cannot
be done without the consent of Congress.
„ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is that the law?
Mr. DAWES. That is the opinion of the
committee, that nobody can occupy this ground
without the consent of Congress; that Con-
gress can part with it or keep it; they can
keep it for this park at some future day; they
can enter upon the work of beautifying the
park to-day or postpone it to some day in the
future.
Two questions present themselves: first, is
it proper ever to do this; and, secondly, is it
proper to do so now ? If it is not proper to do
it now, the question whether it should be done
hereafter may very properly be postponed to
be considered hereafter.
One word upon another point. The amend-
ments from the Senate embrace a proposition
in reference to printing the currency. This
proposition as an independent one, not as a
part of an appropriation bill, met my support
originally, as carrying out the policy of the
Treasury Department, which 1 was disposed
always to carry out when I felt I could prop-
erly do so. But, sir, by a very large vote of
this House that general proposition, in its in-
dependent form, was rejected, being laid upon
the table. The measure, as embraced in this
bill, may be somewhat modified; but it is sub-
stantially the same proposition. The commit-
tee considered themselves instructed, therefore,
by the vote of the House already taken, with-
out any further consideration of the merits of
the proposition, to report in favor of non-con-
currence. It is such a matter of independent
legislation as ought never to find a place in an
appropriation bill.
The last item of the Senate amendments is
one in which the committee were unable to
restrain themselves from recommending con-
currence. It^provides for the repeal of the
law calling for a session of Congress beginning
on the 4th day of March of each alternate
year. Although this amendment is independ-
ent legislation, and in that view is open to the
objections which I have urged against embrac-
ing such legislation in appropriation bills, the
proposition is one upon which the convictions
of the committee were so strong, and on which
there was such unanimity in the other branch,
(there being only four votes against it,) that
the committee felt constrained to submit it to
the House with the recommendation that it be
concurred in.
I now yield the remainder of my t'oie to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr, Cox.]
