1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
abolition of many duties upon a large number
of other articles. I hold in my hand a state-
ment embracing two hundred and nineteen
articles, the duties upou which, if abolished
entirely, would amount to but $230,480 85.
We could abolish the duty on all those two
hundred and nineteen articles with the small
loss to the country of only some $230,000.
I further hold that this House, before it
adjourns, should abolish the duty on coal,
should largely reduce, if not entirely abolish,
the duty on salt, should abolish the duty on
timber and lumber, hides and leather, fish and
potatoes, and above all should restore our flag
to theocean and to the world once more, should
again send the stars and stripes from the Arctic
to the Antarctic in their ancient grandeur and
glory, by the utter abolition of the tariff on
all articles that enter into the manufacture of
ships, and upon all shipping stores, so that
our gallant sailors, if for nothing else, in prep-
aration for some future war, may be educated
to maintain the honor of that flag before and
in the presence of all the sovereignties and all
the monarchs of the world.
It is a shame, a crying and a painful shame,
that except upon our own sea-coast and within
our own harbors that majestic flag no longer
floats triumphant, but is driven away from the
ocean by the flags of the weakest countries of
Europe; not by England, E'rance, and Ger-
many alone, but by Sweden and Norway and
Italy, and Egypt, even, nay, even there where
our Navy first won its laurels among the Moors,
on the Mediterranean sea.
In the matter of internal revenue I would
accept the proposition ot the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, as twice adopted
by the House; that is, the sweeping away of
the internal revenue except on four articles.
There is no need of a continuance of the
income tax. The expenditures of the country
do not demand it. It is an unnecessary im-
position upon the people in view of our enorm-
oussurplus revenue. Itis true that the income
tax is a tax upon the rich and the rich only,
but-it is a tax from which the rich should be
freed, while, at the same time, the poor should
be freed from the taxation which bears upon
them. I would abolish all taxes now imposed
through the internal revenue department ex-
cept the taxes upon whisky, fermented liquors,
tobacco, and stamps; and with a proper tariff,
such as can be prepared, with a sufficient re-
duction of expenditures, all this can be done
and well done, so that this country, now
oppressed by taxation, would lift itself up
from the burden and float in prosperity like
a balloon in the air.
I think that Congress ought to do all this
now, at this session, before we adjourn; for
unless it is done now, it cannot, with the ordin-
arily slow process of action in Congress, be
done before next March, and the reductions
cannot take effect on due notice to the people
prior to January 1, 1873. Unless, therefore,
some measure of this kind be adopted now,
we impose upon the people between now and
January 1. 1873, an unnecessary burden of
$150,000,000 of taxation.
Mr. Speaker, I thank the House—I thank
both sides of the Rouse, more especially the
Republican side—for the kind consideration
and attention which I have received in this
endeavor of mine to bring these facts, not be-
fore a party, but before the country. At my
time of life, and in the present state of my
health, I feel that I can scarcely permit myself
to indulge in mere party ambition; and 1 have
tried to present this exhibit as a public man
ought to present it, with calmness and delib-
eration, and if I have erred the error has been
one of accident, not of intention.
Mr. FJNKELNBUPvG. Mr. Speaker, if
no one of the committee desires to speak, I
wish to say a few words upon this bill, as this
is the first appropriation bill which has come
back to this House from the Senate at this
session. the theory of our Government
the other branch of Congress is supposed to
be a check upon the more numerous branch
of the national Legislature; but experience
teaches us that, so far as concerns the appro-
priation of the people's money, this theory is
a mere popular delusion. Since my member-
ship here every appropriation bill which has
been sent to the Senate by this Ilous'e has, in-
stead of being checked in its growth, come
back to us swelled into gigantic proportions,
and with its body stuffed full of extravagant
and doubtful items of expenditure ; and I
cannot help thinking that the further the Rep-
resentative is removed from direct and speedy
responsibility to the people the greater his
liberality in spending the people's money.
Why, sir, look at this bill as an illustration
of what I have said. This was' originally a
deficiency bill, though no one would recognize
it in its present form. It was merely to pro-
vide for a few things overlooked at the last
session. I have carefully calculated the total
amount appropriated by the bill as we sent it
over to the Senate, and it is in round num-
bers $106,555. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] stated yesterday, in
answer to a question of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,,[Mr. Randall,] that the total
amount was $75,000; but 1 understand he had
reference to the bill as first introduced into the
House, not as it went from this House to the
Senate.
Mr. DAWES. As it came from the com-
mittee it appropriated $80,000.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. lam correct, then,
in my figures. It comes back from theSenate
with that amount increased to $1,423,705 05,
besides some indefinite appropriations which
cannot be exactly set down in figures at the
present time. The total amount definitely
fixed is thirteen times as large as when wo
sent it over to the Senate. In that amount
are included all possible subjects of appropri-
ation, from the Indian tribes on the plains to
light-houses on the Atlantic coast. There are
in it $202,000 for Indians, the propriety of
which we cannot possibly now determine, for
it belongs to the regular Indian appropriation
bill, and should be considered in connection
with other Indian appropriations, and cannot
properly be considered now without any com-
mittee appointed for that purpose.
The Districtof Columbia comesin for$141,-
400. Of this sutn, $100,000 is for ornamental
purposes, to provide pleasant and fashionable
drives for the citizens of the city of Washington ;
and at the same time we must bear in mind that
several months ago, when several western cities
applied for half that sum to put up modest and
decent buildings in which to carry on the legiti-
mate business of the Government, the answer
was that the Government could not afford it
and we must do without it. While that is so,
we have here $100,000 appropriated for orna-
mental purposes in this bill. Then there is an
item of $50,000 for some contingent fund in
the Treasury Department, of which I have
heard no explanation, and this bill does not
explain. There is also an appropriation of'
$200,000 for saving life on the coast of New
Jersey, perhaps a worthy object, but, in my
opinion, a singularappropriation to be included
in this bill. It is not proposed that this sum
shall be expended by the Governmentofficials.
I believe it is to be turned over to parties hav-
ing no connection with the Government. This
fact presents itself to my mind, that the coast
of New Jersey is one hundred and ninety miles
in extent. Our total sea coast is twelve thou-
sand miles in extent, and, as a legitimate
sequence of this appropriation, we will have to
appropriate $12,000,000 for saving life; for it
will not be contended that life-saving is not as
worthy an object and life is not as valuable on
the coast of other States as on the coast of
New Jersey.
There is another objectionable feature in
this bill. It proposes to appropriate money for
private claims, which should always have the
strict scrutiny of the Committee of Claims.
There are a number of these in this bill. It
also appropriates for public buildings, for
extra clerks, for light-houses, and for other
extraordinary expenses.
In addition to this the bill goes into the sub-
ject of general legislation. It establishes a
port of entry. It undertakes to direct the
printing of the currency, and it undertakes
to regulate the sessions of Congress. Mr.
Speaker, it maybe worthy of remark that this
bill was taken up in the Senate, leisurely
considered, amended, and discussed at some
length at a time when the Senate officially
declared to us and to the country that it had
not a moment's time to consider either of the
propositions to reduce the people's taxes we
sent over there.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. Before the gentleman
takes his seat I invite his attention to an appro-
priation, on page 10, of which he has individual
knowledge.
Mr. FiNKELNBURG. The gentleman no
doubt thinks he has made a point on me from
the fact that there is something in this bill
mentioning the city of St. Louis. But it is
not a new appropriation or an additional appro-
priation for St. Louis. If it were, and if there
were anything improper in it, I tell the gen-
tleman I would vote against it with all the
other additional and improper appropriations
in this bill; but it is not an additional appro-
priation. It is merely continuing the appli-
cation of an appropriation heretofore made,
and which, for some reason, has not heretofore
been expended. There is nothing new in it.
I said, in the beginning of my remarks, one
of the theories of the Government was a mere
idle fancy. There is another theory of our
Government which is fast becoming so, and
which if it does is to be charged entirely to this
House, and that is this : that money bills aro'
within the peculiar guardianship of the House
of Representatives. The Constitution of the
United States expressly provides that all bills
for raising revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives, and by the spirit of the
Constitution this has been considered to apply
to appropriation bills. Whether that construc-
tion be technically correct or not it is too late
to consider, for since the beginning of the Gov-
ernment the House has steadily adhered to that
construction, and no appropriation bill origin-
ating in the Senate has ever been allowed to
become a law. That theory, sir, has silently
grown up into one of the high privileges of this
House. The Senate, it is true, may concur with
amendments. But 1 ask, of what practical util-
ity is this whole theory if the power to amend
our appropriations includes not only the power
to add entirely new subjects of appropriation,
but to ingraft entire new bills upou those
which wo send over to the Senate, as they
have done in this case? Why, sir, under that
construction and under that practice this en-
tire theory, this entire privilege of the House
of Representatives loses all practical utility
and effect.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as this is the first appro-
priation bill of this Congress, I trust that this
House will take some decided stand against
these extravagant expenditures. I hope, fur-
thermore, that the House will not fall into the
practice of former Houses; that is, of dis-
agreeing to the Senate amendments pro forma
for the purpose of getting the bill into a con-
ference committee, and then agreeing to them
in fact when it comes out of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. When this bill came
before the House yesterday I characterized
it in what might then, perhaps, have been con-
sidered as strong language ; and I was met
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] with the remark that probably I had
not read the bill. I will say to the gentle-
man that when I made that remark yester-
day I was in full possession of all the facts
which have been stated to the House; and I
spoke correctly and strictly within the truth
