592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April II,
of the victory belong to him. So the country
views it, I think, by common consent.
I repeat my regret that we are now called
upon to legislate for this investigating com-
mittee, after having passed a bill to punish
■these very irregularities about which but. two or
three weeks since we pretended to be in quest
of informatten and upon which so many gen-
tlemen upon the other side said they were
not sufficiently informed to justify them in
voting.
On page 18 of this bill and amendments, as
printed, will be found a section appropriating
the sum of $12,000 for the relief of a certain
class of destitute persons in the District of
Columbia, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War. I am not willing to
stand up here in my place and oppose what
seems to be a. proper charity, hence I am
anxious to know if this be a proper charity.
This section was moved at the inspiration of
an organization here in the District of Colum-
bia, headed by Mrs. Griffing, 1 believe, a very
worthy and I have no doubt Christian lady,
an organization which makes it a specialty to
look after a certain class of old and indigent
colored persons who drift in here from the
adjoining States and who are presumed to
have no permanent residence in the District
of Columbia, so that they can be made charge-
able upon the property and people of the Dis-
trict. Hence the General Government is
called upon to appropriate money to relieve
these people.
This appropriation is placed expressly upon
the ground that these people are not residents
of the District proper, but belong to the coun-
try at large—are the wards of the General
Government.. Hence the representatives of
the whole people must appropriate this money
for them so as to prevent the local authorities
here from being chargeable for their support.
I am not, therefore, Mr. Speaker, going to
make any formal opposition to this appropri-
ation, at least at present. I simply call atten-
tion to it, that is all now; other gentlemen
may discuss it, and, if they see proper, inquire
as to the necessity of this appropriation.
I venture, however, now to make this pre-
diction here: that whether these people are
really residents of Washington city or not, at
the next election day in this District of Colum-
bia you will find all the male portion of this
indigent population over twenty-one years of
age, who can possibly get to the polls, duly
registered and votiug the Republican ticket.
Hence I regard this pretext, that these people
are not citizens of the District of Columbia, as
substantially, whether so intended or not, a
mere pretext. Therefore, I do not wish any-
body to be deceived in regard to it. The
strangest and most significant thing to me
about all these appeals in behalf of indigent
persons here is that they aie nearly always
made just before some election is coming on
in the District.
1 acknowledge that it is the highest charity
to see that these poor people are fed and taken
care of by somebody. But I would prefer they
should be taken care of iti some other way ; by
the local authorities here, who will profit by
their votes, no doubt, when the time forvoting
shall conle. That is my notion in regard to it.
1 simply wish to call attention of members to
the matter and shall not detain the House
longer upon the subject.
There is one other provision to which I wish
to allude, and then I will close my remarks.
I refer to that portion of the bill which appro-
priates $10,000 to enable the President of the
United States to inaugurate measures for the
reform of the civil service in pursuance of the
authority conferred upon him by one of the
appropriation bills passed at the close of the
last session of Congress. Now, Mr. Speaker,
to a certain extent, to that extent which 1
regard as practicable, I am in iavor of civil
service reform. I think one of the scandals
of the times in which we live is the uncertain
tenure of many of our most important subor-
dinate offices, and the utter dependence of a
large portion of the officers of the country, and
especially of those partaking ot a merely cler-
ical character, upon their superiors for the
tenure of the offices which they hold. _
The want of proper qualifications_ in many
instances 1 regard as another evil which ought
to be corrected, if possible, by some measure
of administrative reform; and whatever Ad-
ministration shall hereafter be in power in this
country, if it does not make some effort to
bring about a reform in these matters, it will
meet with severe criticism, and it ought to be
criticised severely.
But, sir, much that we have had presented
here during the last two years in debate and
in the form of bills for the reform of the civil
service has been, in my judgment, wholly
Utopian and impracticable. Much of this re-
form, if it is ever brought about, ought to, and
I think will, be accomplished by the influence
of public opinion operating upon the Admin-
istration which may be in power for the time
being. Without a healthy public opinion no
system of reform in the civii service can be
made a success.
I do not care how many boards you may
appoint to examine applicants for admission
into the civil service, unless those boards are
composed of fair-minded and honest men, who
are willing to do their whole duty, and to do
it impartially, no reform in the civil service
will be accomplished in that way, and it is the
easiest matter in the world for gentlemen con-
stituting a board for the examination of appli-
cants for office to get rid of any obnoxious
applicant if they are inclined to do so.
Why, sir, we have had, during the last few
years, and I do not know but we still have,
rules and regulations of some of the Depart-
ments requiring applicants to submit to some
examination before they receive appointments
to clerkships in those Departments. I have
heard some very amusing things in regard to
the method of procedure adopted by those ex-
amining boards. I do not undertake to vouch
for all 1 have heard, but I have heard enough
to satisfy me that within the last few years—I
do not say under what Administration—some
very queer things have been done by the gen-
tlemen appointed for the examination of these
applicants. Very often one of the first things
they proceed to ascertain is by whom the appli-
cant for the clerkship is recommended, regard-
ing that as one of the important things to be
considered, and the next inquiry is frequently
as to his antecedents, political and otherwise.
If these do not come up to the measure of the
gentlemen who happen to be examining for
the time being, there has never been known an
instance where a man passed an examination
satisfactorily; at least 1 have never heard of
one.
I say, therefore, that without honest and
fair-minded officers to administer whatever
system of civil service we may inaugurate, it
will be of no efficacy whatever. It will simply
provide another means of getting rid of obnox-
ious persons without taking the responsibility
of declining to appoint them or to remove
them directly after they are appointed. Sir,
we must get rid of this pressure of which gen-
tlemen speak, which has impelled the Admin-
istration in this District to do these silly
things, before we can much reform the civil
service.
Why, sir, take this District of Columbia as
a specimen of an effort at civil service reform.
We passed the territorial bill of which I have
spoken with a view to inaugurate, if possible,
an improvement of the civil service in this Dis-
trict. The President of the United States ap-
pointed one of the most eminent citizens of the
District as Governor of the new Territory ; a
man of high private character, and noted for
his benevolence ; an estimable gentleman in
all the relations of life so far as I know ; a gen-
tleman of well-recognized Republican ante-
cedents, but still stror.g enough, as we all
thought, to be independent of the little ward
politicians and whippersnappers by whom he
seems to have been surrounded ever since the
day of his appointment. Although he was
always a party man, and certainly had many
reasons to love the Republican party, he was
regarded asabove mere party in the small sense
in which that term is understood by the average
politicians of the country.
The country received the appointment with
great favor. Men of all parties hailed it as an
omen of good, as an excellent beginning. In
the city of Georgetown, of which he is an
honored citizen, and in which I temporarily
reside, a year ago when they were electing
councitmen of that city he was on both tickets,
so high was his character for impartiality ; and
although known as a Republican, he was also
placed upon the citizens' ticket,as it was called.
So far as I remember, he was elected by a
unanimous vote of both parties. We felt that
President Grant had by accident,, or by the
remarkable exercise of his very profound judg-
ment, hit'on the very man of all others for the
place. No one felt more gratified with the
same amount of interest in the District than t
did. But what did we see? When the terri-
torial bill had passed it was felt to be of the
first importance that the discordant and con-
flicting elements of the Republican party
should at once be harmonized, to the end that
street improvements and other pickings of that
character, as I have before stated, might be
confined aloned to the profit of partisans in the
Republican ranks.
The different factions were brought together
in convention in this city to effect a reorgan-
ization of the party, looking principally, if not
alone, to a division of the offices to be filled.
Hand-shaking and great joy ensued. -Gov-
ernor Cooke was sent for to give in his ad-
hesion. On going into that convention he was-
received with great 6clat, with a tremendous
flourish of trumpets at the condescension he
exhibited, and there, before those men, step-
ping from his high position, I am sorry to say,
crawled in the dust like a worm for the pur-
pose of ingratiating himself with the men by
whom he was surrounded. The result was
that a shout went up all over the city that
Governor Cooke was not only a Republican,
but an advanced Radioal Republican, ready
to obey the most humiliating behests of his
party. He intimated that he had been greatly
wronged in having been considered not up to
that-standard.
Some of his friends apologize for him by
saying that party exigencies required all this
of him. Then, so much the worse for him,
and so much the worse for this pretended effort
at civil service reform. If party exigencies
can make Governor Cooke perform such fran-
tic feats, what will they or may they not do
with weaker and less exalted persons? The
men who thus brought Governor Cooke into
the swill and the mireclaim thatall the official
machinery of the District must be in harmony
with the majority in the two Houses, so that
Congress may be appeased thereby. That
implies that the Republicans only of the two
Houses are to lie consulted as to what is
needed for the District, and that we of the
minority are to be ignored in legislating for
it. It implies that the property-holders of
the District who are not Republican are to
be totally ignored in the government of the
District.
They tell the people here, I believe, that
they must elect a Republican Delegate in per-
fect harmony with the Radical party in the
two Houses or else they will not get the least
appropriations through Congress for the Dis-
trict. With the capital-movers of their own
party coming from the West, who refuse to
vote for anything for this District, their Re-
publican Delegate would have a hard time of
it in getting appropriations from Congress if
he be opposed by the votes of the Democratic
