HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Near Annapolis, Md., December 3, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to report the number of men from the different Western States as follows: Ohio, 2 officers, 238 enlisted men; Tennessee, 1 officer, 122 enlisted men; Michigan, 2 officers, 122 enlisted men; Indiana, 51 enlisted men; Wisconsin, 2 officers, 64 enlisted men; Virginia, 20 enlisted men; Missouri, 7 enlisted men; Minnesota, 2 officers, 18 enlisted men; Kentucky, 1 officer, 3 enlisted men; Illinois, 6 enlisted men. Total, 10 officers, 651 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

OFFICE FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Vicksburg, Miss., December 3, 1862.

Captain BICKFORD, U. S. Army,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, near Vicksburg, Miss.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor inclosed copy of a letter received from Major General M. L. Smith, C. S. Army. I am sorry that his complaints are true and frequently complained of by our returning prisoners of war, and hope you will disavow any participation in the matter on the part of your Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Major, C. S. Army, and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

VICKSBURG, December 3, 1862.

Major WATTS, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

MAJOR: You are to call the attention of the Federal agent for exchange of prisoners to the fact that our men state on returning that all their money is invariably taken from them and not returned. Every blanket resembling a Federal blanket is claimed. The watches and money of officers are taken from their possession and kept and trunks emptied of clothing. No such treatment that I am aware of has been experienced by their prisoners, and it is hoped the above is not done by any authority of their officers and that it may not recur in future.

Very respectfully,

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 3, 1862.

Brigadier General C. P. BUCKINGHAM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: Yours of the 26th ultimo* in relation to the return to duty of the Iowa officers and soldiers exchanged is duly received. The trouble is to know who are exchanged. No lists or descriptions have been sent and I am constantly importuned on this subject. Occasional newspaper notices inform us of some officers being exchanged

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

