
and the Union people. I have daily appeals from the interior for the adoption of a more stringent policy that Union men may have security from their rebellions neighbors. I have instructed provost-marshal in the interior to select out the leading dangerous men and banish them from the State during the war. General Merrill and the other generals in the interior are pursuing the same system.

I came into this office on the 1st of November. I then found General Curtis in consequence of the persistent appeals of pretended Union men at times really in doubt as to what course to purse, but the powerful evidence of this active disloyalty daily furnished him through my office and other sources has completely satisfied him of the necessity of a vigorous policy with so malignant an enemy. No one who has contended with these people as we in Missouri have done and who is a true friend of the Government is in doubt as to this. But pretended Union men who never works for the cause and encounter no hardships nor risks can well cry out in behalf of the rebels. I therefore most respectfully ask of the President that he will not require that we release in our efforts to fight this enemy in the most effective manner. It is no light matter to stand here in conflict with these people and if we are in a fair way to get the upper hand it should be remembered that upon the least opportunity they will spring at our throats again.

I trust that the President will not consider me officious in offering these suggestions, but placed as I have been by the order of General Curtis at the head of a most responsible and powerful office I am convinced of the necessity of maintaining the ascendancy of the Federal Government in Missouri by force. To remove military supremacy will be to lest loose these evil-doers again upon true Union men. There is one other point that I beg leave to present to the President. I find that a considerable number of the Southern sympathizers desire to go South. General Curtis has evinced decided willingness to allow them to go but he is of the impression that to do so not favored by the Government. If permission can be given to allow such persons to go we will be rid of many unchangeable enemies who will do us less injury there than here.

I applied to General Curtis to-day to allow me to permit a wife, daughter and four small boys of a rebel preacher in the South to go and I understood from him that he doubted if it would meet with favor at Washington. There are several prominent rebels in Saint Louis who ought to be sent South. There are many female spies in good society who ought to be sent. They are efficient aiders of the rebellion. I urgently ask that such of both sexes I may be permitted with the approval of General Curtis to send to their Southern friends. If the lines were opened and Southern sympathizers with their slaves were permitted to go it would work a most wonderfully good effect upon Missouri, and in a short time its result would be permanent peace and tranquility to the State.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Missouri.

HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Near Annapolis, Md., December 19, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the receipt of the orders from General Wool I took command of the guard, being 6 officers and 175 men, and soon after Colonel Staunton, commanding at Annapolis, removed the guard leaving me 110 men and to-day he has taken them

