
away and sent me 90 men and 1 officer. I inclose a copy of letter to General Wool and I think I will have relief immediately. I send this inclosed the you may know my acts in the premises.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Near Annapolis, Md., December 19, 1862.

Colonel W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps.

SIR: The guard which you placed under my command by Special Orders, Numbers 186, numbered 175 men and 6 officers. on receipt of that order the inclosed order,* with a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 186, was sent to Captain Arndt, then in command. on the receipt of your order Colonel J. F. Staunton ordered the detachment that was present off. I protested against such a movement. He then sent me 4 officers and 110 men. To- day he takes away this detachment and gives me only 1 officer and 90 men. So small a number of guard is totally inadequate to protect the Government property and preserve the good order and discipline of this camp. I have camp equipage standing sufficient to accommodate 12,000 troops and am ordered by the General- in-Chief to keep them standing for the accommodation of new arrivals.

By Special Orders, Numbers 127, October 17, I am held to a strict accountability that hereafter no cause be found to complain of the condition of the camp at Annapolis. To assume this responsibility it is absolutely necessary that I shall have a much larger guard than 90 men. With the guard under command of Captain Arndt (6 officers and 175 men) the discipline was much better than it had previously been although the number was so small. Captain Arndt being an active and efficient officer did all I could have desired or expected with the number of men. In view of these facts I respectfully ask that Colonel Staunton be order 3rd to return the officers and men under Captain Arndt at once.

I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding paroled Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, Numbers 36. Lexington, Ky., December 19, 1862.

Deserters from the rebel service and persons who are returning to their homes in this State, having been followers of the rebel army but not in the service, will upon coming within the limits of the Military District of Central Kentucky report in person to these headquarters to the major- general commanding the Army of Kentucky and submit their respective cases to be properly adjudged upon and disposed of.

Persons included within the terms of this order who shall fail to observe the same will be arrested and treated as pies or prisoners of war according to the circumstances of each particular case.

Civil officers and loyal citizens are requested to aid in the enforcement of this order.

By order of Major General G. Granger:

THOS. G. BEAHAM,

First Lieutenant, First [Second] Iowa Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

