
of exchange subject to the exposures of so long a journey which my "idea" of humanity would spare them. They may thereby, however, escape the degradation of the nightcap parade, which it seems under your system all, brave and cowardly alike, must endure as the penalty of falling into your hands.

I regret the evident annoyance of which our letter too plainly gives proof, but as it may be traced to your own lines it is not in my power to remove the causes except as I have attempted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS INSPECTOR- GENERAL'S OFFICE,Murfreesborough, December 18, 1862.

General B. BRAGG,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, Murfreesborough, Tenn.

GENERAL: In reply to the letter of General W. S. Rosecrans of December 11, 1862, referred to them, I have the honor to state:

The flag of truce did "present itself" about dark by reason of a delay caused by skirmishing in front. This delay could not be anticipated or avoided, and but for this the prisoners would have been turned over in time to reach Nashville by dark.

The skirmishing had entirely ceased and the enemy fallen back when the flag passed our lines.

The officer who conducted them (the prisoners) did not insist on grounds of humanity or any other ground that they should be received. The office who received the flag (Lieutenant- Colonel Wood) did not make nor intimate the least objection to receiving the prisoners, for in less than ten minutes after I met him I had received his receipt for them and all official dispatches I had for General Rosecrans.

The prisoners were sufficiently fed, for I had caused two days' rations to be issued to them the evening before, and Colonel Wood remarked that they had enough to eat as he saw them cooking. The lists furnished were certified by me to be "copies of original paroles on file in my office" and did not purport to be original. The third list if I understand correctly what is referred to was a list of prisoners headed by Lieutenant- Colonel Kerr, numbering sixty- nine, captured at various times and places, and the prisoners accompanied the list

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. K. BEARD,

Inspector- General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 358. Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 21, 1862.

I. Before a general court- martial convened at the office of the provost- marshal- general Army of the Potomac, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 347, of December 9, 1862, from these headquarters, and of which Colonel J. S. Crocker, Ninety- third Regiment New york Volunteers, is president, was arraigned and tried Private John W. Irwin, Company A, Ninth Virginia Cavalry (so- called), Confederate Army, on the following charge and specification:

CHARGE: Being found and arrested within the lines of the Army of the Potomac as a spy.

Specification. - In this that the said Private John W. Irwin, Company A, Ninth Virginia Regiment, being a rebel soldier in arms against the Government of the United States, on or about the 27th day of November, A. D. 1862, did come within the lines of the Army of

the Potomac at or near Hartwood, Va., disguised in citizen's

