
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, January 2, 1863.

Judge- advocate will send me a statement of all cases tried by military commission between the 5th of July and 29th of August, 1862. These are the class referred to in my letter to General Curtis.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 3, 1863.

Charles H. Clifford was tried by military commission. Trial commenced October 29 and ended November 1, 1862. Sentence: "To be hung by the neck until he is dead at such time and place as the commanding officer of the department may designate. " There is no date showing when the record was sent up for review. The original is in my possession. The prisoner is now in military prison at Springfield, Mo. Smith Crim was tried by military commission. Trial commenced September 25 and ended September 26, 1862. Sentence: "To be shot to death by musketry at such time and place as the commanding officer of the district may designate. " The original record is now in my possession. Smith Crim was sent to Saint Louis, Mo., as shown by the books of the acting provost- marshal- general, December 30, 1862. There is [no] date showing when the record was sent up for review.

James A. Stoker was tried by military commission. Trial commenced September 4 and ended September 6, 1862. Sentence: "To be hung by the neck until he is dead, at Springfield, Mo., on the first Friday in October, 1862" Proceedings sent to commanding general Southwest District September 9, 1862. The original record is now in my possession. James A. Stoker was sent to Saint louis December 30, 1862, as shown by the books of the acting provost- marshal- general, District of Southwest Missouri.

William T. Cox was tried by military commission. Trial commenced and concluded November 18, 1862. William T. Cox was sentenced to be shot. He has escaped from prison, as shown by the books of the district provost- marshal.

WM. RAGAN,

Lieutenant, Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, Judge- Advocate.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, December 22, 1862.

Honorable E. B. WASHBURNE.

MY DEAR SIR: I return you the papers in the matter of the Sixty- fifth Regiment with the suggestion that you send them with a note to Colonel Hoffman. I have seen him on the subject and he promises action.

Yours, truly,

I. N. ARNOLD.

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Springfield, December 16, 1862.

Honorable E. B. WASHBURNE, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I inclose letter just received from Colonel Cameron, of the Sixty- fifth Illinois Volunteers, now stationed at Chicago; also the

