
report therein referred to. The Sixty- fifth and Phillips' battery are Illinois troops captured and paroled at Harper's Ferry. Although they all behaved most gallantly they were disgracefully surrendered and they feel mad at the shadow resting upon them. They are impatient for a fight. The troops of other States have been exchanged and why in the name of all that is fair and just are Illinoisans to be kept shut up on their parole when others are exchanged! Several thousand have gone out of Camp Douglas exchanged and our won troops detained paroled prisoners. Do take hold of this thing at once and let these men loose. I have a brother who is a captain in the regiment and he says this discrimination against our men has demoralized them and they are breaking out of camp and running away every day. Let me hear from you by telegraph as soon as possible.

Yours, truly,

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

[Sub- inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Cap Douglas, Chicago, December 13, 1862.

Honorable ALLEN C. FULLER, Adjutant-General, Springfield, Ill.

HONORED SIR: I send you herwith a copy* of the consolidated morning report of paroled troops remaining in this camp. While I am anxious to see them all exchanged I feel a special interest in the Sixty- fifth Illinois and Phillips' battery. What I ask is that the regiment and battery be at once exchanged, armed and allowed a reasonable time to call in furloughed men and prepare for the field. By the decision of the War Department dated November 16, 1862, in my possession, we cannot drill, do guard duty or discharge any duty usually performed by soldiers. The men have recently received six months' pay, and tired of inaction and disgrace, surrounded by sympathizing friends, offered large bounties in cavalry regiments and mortified at not being placed on an equality with troops they feel to be inferior to themselves, I need not say that it is almost impossible under these circumstances to keep a regiment together. Do what you will men get tired and dissatisfied when they have nothing to do. I hope the Department at Washington will be induced to act speedily on our case and send us off to the Southwest.

I have the honor to be, general, truly, ours,DANIEL CAMEROON,

Colonel Sixty- fifth Illinois, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, January 7, 1863.

Will Colonel Hoffman please inform the bearer in this regard.

E. B. WASHBURNE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, December 22, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by flag of truce to- day of four letters from yourself.

I regret, however, to say that I have not yet the pleasure to acknowledge the return of that picket of some forty cavalrymen which was captured by some of your cavalry in the presence of your flag of truce and under the eyes of its bearer, Lieutenant-Colonel Hawkins.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

