
The policy we have followed has received the sanction of the General- in- Chief and has not been disapproved by the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, December 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I mail an important letter* for the consideration of the President, Cabinet and General- in- Chief. A secret order exists in this vicinity to incite desertion of soldiers with their arms, to resist arrest of deserters, to stop enlistments, to disorganize the army, to prevent further drafting- in short, a distinct avowal to stop this war. There are oaths and signs and watch words, all to forward the foregoing designs. I shall try and prepare a case for the court incision, of which Brevet Brigadier-General Van Rensselaer is president; but how shall we reach citizens who are the originators! The affidavits of solders arrested and examined separately prove conclusively all above alleged and implicate citizens as well as soldiers. It affords a clue to the alarming desertions now so prevalent in this State and very serious.

H. B. CARRINGTON,

Colonel, U. S. Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to report that it has been stated that an exchange of the Twenty- third Regiment Illinois Volunteers ad other troops captured in Missouri for rebels captured by the Union forces was arranged between General Fremont and General Price, but no official report of this exchange has ever been made nor can any record of it be found on the files in the office of the commanding general at Saint Louis, and the exchange is no longer recognized.

It is expected that at his next interview with the agent form Richmond Colonel Lodlow will be able to arrange an exchange of all prison rs captured on either side in Missouri up to a recent date, covering all those about which there is so much doubt.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 22, 1862.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: In reply to the letter of Col W. W. Lowe, commanding Fort Henry, of the 30th ultimo, referred by the Adjutant-General, I have the honor to state that by the cartel for the exchange of prisoners it is provided that agents shall be appointed by each party whose duty

---------------

*Not found; but see "Memorandum, " etc., p. 363.

---------------

