
have discouraged enlistments or interfered with the draft I any State where the drafting has been completed. (See paragraph I.) If there are cases of this kind at the Alton Military Prison you must ascertain from the Governor of the State where the offense was committed whether the draft has been completed before the prisoner can be released.

The second paragraph refers to prisoners who have been sent from Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee and Missouri by the Governor or other military authorities charged with disloyal practices.

The records in your office must decide the character of the offense, and when prisoners are released you will require them to report to the provost-marshal at Wheeling, Louisville, Nashville or Saint Louis according to the State in which they reside, or to the military commander nearest to their homes.

The third paragraph points out the exceptions to be observed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 22, 1862.

Colonel DANIEL CAMEROON,

Sixty- fifty Illinois Vols., Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

COLONEL: Please report at as early a day as practicable the cost of the property destroyed at Camp Douglas by the paroled troops stationed there. Let this report be as much in detail as possible, showing the cost of the buildings, fencing, lumber and tools. Designate the regiments or parts of regiments engaged in these outrages and note as far as practicable the part taken by each in order that they may be held to a proper accountability. If you can establish the principal facts by affidavits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, emissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST- MARSHAL- GENERAL,

Saint Louis, December 22, 1862.

REGULATIONS:

Lists of prisoners of was for exchange will be made up by Captain J. F. Dwight, who will forward them to Cairo in pursuance to the instructions of Colonel William Hoffman, commissary- general of prisoners.

Captain Dwight will also as far as practicable see persons calling upon matters of general business and will require where it can be done that communications shall be made in writing, so that time may not be wasted by listening to needless details.

Prisoners who are to be held for the war should be sent to Alton and the facts at once made known to the commissary- general of prisoners, that he may remove them to another prison and leave rom at Alton for others.

There are many prisoner who have been sentenced to be imprisoned at Alton for the war, but that having been done when the present regulations about prisoners did not exist they should be reported to Colonel Hoffman.

