
It is absolutely necessary that the prisoners' book be made complete every day. it must be written up each night.

Proper rules and discipline fort he prisoners is a subject of great importance. Brigadier-General Carr has in use certain good rules, but as the prison keepers and prisoners are under charge of this office it is necessary to give daily attention to the indexes of the prisons.

As at Alton they are prisoners of war it is necessary constantly to keep them in irons. I cannot parole my prisoners there. It is necessary to keep in view the strict rules of Colonel Hoffman as to the Alton Prison.

A subject of importance is the money and property affairs of the provost marshals in the interior. Several of them have been reported as having collected money which they have not accounted for, and as yet other things have so engrossed the time of this office that this subject has not been properly looked after.

George Partridge, chief clerk, will continue in the exclusive change of all evidence against prisoners. It will be kept in his custody. He will arrange and make proper indexes to it. Evidence will be obtained from and returned to him. It will be his duty to ascertain and note the cases that are ready for investigation and see that evidence is written for. He will especially keep in view those cases where the evidence cannot be procured so that no prisoner shall remain confined from oversight or neglect. All cases decided will pass through his hands, the decision noted by him and turned over to the order clerk to be carried out. It is his duty to keep a special docket or list, noting the cases for trial, the nature, sentence, &amp;c. He will also as far as practicable examine the cases of prisoner. s Orders for prisoners to be brought up for examination will be made up and executed by him. It is his duty to select out the cases that ought to be tried so as always to have ready in advance a sufficient number.

it is found to be necessary for the dispatch of business to fix hours when persons calling to inquire for prisoners can receive attention. From 9 to 10 and from 12 to 1 such persons will be referred to Mr. Partridge; and from 12 to 1 persons upon business can have access to any one in the office. As fa during other hours persons calling will be required to state their object in writing and send it in by the messenger.

The examination of the cased of prisoners will be made by Captain Heath, Captain Allen, Lieutenant Howe and Mr. Partridge.

Where a case comes clearly within ceratin rules the officer having it will note the decision with the date and his name. Where the decision is a release it shall be at once executed. Cases of doubt or difficulty will be referred to me with a memorandum of the facts and recommendation.

Prisoners who have been longest confined should be first disposed of. There are some cases where there is neither charge nor evidence against the prisoner. It is important to hunt up such cases that their release may be ordered. Prisoners are being released every day because the evidence does not prove any act of disloyalty; but if it shows the prisoner to be in active sympathy with the rebellion it is proper to release such men incase they consent to leave the State for the war.

Persons released to remain in Missouri will be required to enroll in the Enrolled Missouri Militia, take the oath and give bond of $1,000 or more. Most releases are accompanied by oath or bond.

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant - Colonel and provost- Marshal- General.

