
will cost) to a railroad which passes within half a mile of the camp. Two regiments are removing from Camp Wallace to Camp Chase to- day and they will be followed by the others as soon as their quarters are cleaned and ventilated for their reception.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 23, 1862.

J. B. KIMES, Esq., Philadelphia.

DEAR SIR: Your letter of yesterday is just receive, and I regret to say in reply that there is no alternative but for you to return to Richmond. The matter is entirely in the hands of the rebel Government, and it is for them to say on what terms you can be released. By the conditions of your parole you were to be exchanged for a certain- named person, and that person having made his escape from our custody it is for the party who paroled you to say on what further terms you can be released and no act of our Government can put the case in any other shape.

I have referred the matter to Colonel Ludlow and possibly when you see him he may be able to suggest some way of relieving you from a very painful position. It would give me great pleasure to announce to you your exchange or to do anything to bring it about speedily but it is not in my power to do anything.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., December 23, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I inclose you two lists of paroled officers and enlisted men officially announced in General Orders, Numbers 191,* War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, november 19, 1862, as exchanged, In accordance with my instructions Colonels C Cromwell and Woods have furnished lists arranged to correspond with the various paragraphs of the general order. As paragraph 8 appears to be particular in its dates of 1st, 5th, 7th, 12th and 26th of September and 18th of October I have not included in these lists a number of men delivered to Captains Lazelle and Swqan between the 12th and 26th of September, awaiting your further instructions.

Colonel Cromwell's list which should have been signed by himself is signed by his adjutant, but to prevent delay in his absence I allowed it to be thus signed, but have directed the colonel to come to your office and give his own signature.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*See Vol. IV, this Series, p. 735.

---------------

