
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Before Fredericksburg, December 16, 1862.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding Confederate Forces near Fredericksburg.

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding this army to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this morning delivered under flag of truce by major Sorrel and to say that he will in accordance with the first proposition send over a party of a field office and 100 officers and soldiers on our right at the position of the upper pontoon bridge to remove the dead and wounded of our troops who may remain on the field above the town. He proposes also to send a party of a field officer and 100 men on our left at the position of the lower bridges to remove those of our dead and wounded who may be there/ The parties as it is now late in the day may be compelled to remain on the field possibly till night and perhaps for a short time in the morning in order to fully accomplish their mission. The parties will be detailed and sent on as soon as possible after the delivery of this reply to the officer of your staff who receives it. The general commanding further desires me to say that he will be glad to receive at any hour General Lee may designate at some place in front of the town the prisoners belonging to our troops now in your possession. The prisoners of your troops now in our hands have been sent to the rear. Communication will be had with the rear at once, and if practicable the prisoners sent there will be returned without delay within your lines at the point most convenient for their delivery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS, Near Fredericksburg, December 16, 1862.

GENERAL COMMANDING U. S. FORCES,Opposite Fredericksburg.

SIR: By direction of Lieutenant General James Longstreet I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date. I am directed to inform you that such prisoners of your army as remain in our possession since your passage of the Rappahannock will be delivered to you to- morrow across the river at some convenient point near the city about the hour of noon.

I have the honor to serve, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 17, 1862.

GENERAL COMMANDING CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Near Fredericksburg.

SIR: Your note by Major Sorrel, assistant- adjutant general, of yesterday has been received. Preparations will be made to receive the prisoners to be delivered at noon near Fredercksburg. The prisoners of your troops who remain in our possession since the passage of the Rappahannock will be delivered to you at the same place at or before

