
the same hour. The foregoing is communicated by direction of the general commanding. (A portion of the prisoners have been sent to Fortress Monroe.)

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 23, 1862.

Honorable H. HAMLIN, President of the Senate.

SIR: In answer to the resolution of the Senate of yesterday's date requiring me to inform the Senate "if citizens arrested by his authority, or by those acting under his authority, have been required before they could obtain their release from imprisonment to take an oath or give an obligation that they would not sue or bring an acting for damages against those who arrested or caused them to be arrested," I have the honor to state that no citizen has with my knowledge or by my authority been required to take an oath or give an obligation that they would not sue or bring an action for damages against those who arrested or caused them to be arrested. By order of this Department arrests and releases are committed to the supervision and direction of Major Turner, judge- advocate, and the resolution of the Senate having been referred to him his report upon the subject is herewith subjoined. When information of the cases mentioned in his report reached me directions were immediately given to make no such requirement in any case or under any circumstances.

With the exceptions mentioned by the judge- advocate I have no knowledge, information or belief that any persons arrested by order or authority of this Department have been released upon any terms or conditions but of taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the united States, or upon parole or unconditionally.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, JUDGE- ADVOCATE'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SRI: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt from you of a resolution of the Senate of the United States of which the following is a copy:

IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

December 22, 1862.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the Senate if any citizens arrested by his authority of by those acting under his authority have been required before they could obtain their release from imprisonment to take an oath or give an obligation that they would not sue or bring an action for damages against those who had arrested or caused them to be arrested.

Attest:

J. W. FORNEY,

Secretary.

And as judge advocate acting under your authority I respectfully report that no citizen or citizens have been required by me to take an oath or give an obligation before they could obtain their release from imprisonment "that they would not sue or bring an action for damages against those who had arrested or abused them to be arrested. "

