
Inclosed copy of oath as administered.

I,--, of-, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will neither enter any of the States now in insurrection against the authority of the Federal Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with them or with any person in them during the present rebellion without permission of the Secretary of War; and that I will in all things deport myself as a good and loyal citizen of the United States; and that I will not at any future time commence or cause any action or suit against the officers of any loyal State or of the United States for causing my arrest or imprisonment: So help me God. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 11th day of November, 1862.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge- Advocate.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: I inclose herewith a number of letters* urging individual exchanges, military and civil, together with some small rolls. * You will find the names of those mentioned in the letters on the rolls prepared in this office, except where there is a roll with the letter. Please notice the indorsement on the letter of Major Turner with names of prisoners at Camp Chase who refuse to be released on parole. I send by the mail the rolls received from Corinth. I have the telegraphed to Generals Grant, Rosecrans and Tuttle, commanding in the Southeast, to forward receipted rolls of prisoners delivered at Vicksburg or elsewhere as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary General of Prisoners.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 115. New orleans, December 23, 1862.

Upon consultation with Major G en. B. F. Butler and with his concurrence and advice the commanding general directs as follows:

First. The following- named persons will be released from arrest immediately upon the receipt of this order at the posts at which they are confined and upon their giving parole not to commit any act of hostility to the United States or render any aid or comfort to the enemies of the United States during the existing war:

At Ship Island- James C. Batcherlder, William H. Sheppard, Fred. Losberg, Aaron H. Dale, Eugene Morris, H. M. Wright, P. E. Wiltz, Jr., B. F. Perry, L. J. Dodge, Joseph Bloom.

Fort Saint Philip. - Martin Fallor.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

