
with her to this country when she was only four years old. Her father dying a short time after reaching New york Marian was left alone upon the world and managed to make her living in various ways, as she expressed it. She educated herself and studied for the stage but finding the profession of an actress not exactly suited to her taster she traveled about from place to place engaging I divers employments. Shortly after the breaking out of the war she enlisted in a Kentucky regiment at Newport and served two months. Upon her sex being discovered she had to quit. She enlisted several times after this in as many different regiments and was several times arrested. The last time she was arrested in Charleston, Kanawha County, in men's apparel by the provost- marshal. She says that she has brothers and sisters residing in Canada. Upon being asked what part of Canada her relations inhabited she declined to answer, saying: "This sensation will have publicity enough if it has not already and I do not wish the innocent to suffer fort he guilty. " When told that she would be detained until her statements could be corroborated she said: " Very well, I cannot help it. The only way in which I have violated the law is in assuming men's apparel. The injury that I have done is principally to myself. " She speaks fluently and uses the best of language, and is evidently an educated woman, will skilled in the iniquities of the world. She visited this city about three years ago under the name of Miss Fitzallen and in the character of a prostitute. She says she went into the army for the love of excitement and from no motive in connection with the war, one way or another. She is about twenty- five years of age, very short and very thick. She has heretofore acknowledged that she has been engaged in the rebel service but now denies the soft impeachment. As there are several suspicious circumstances connected with the case Harry will be furnished with appropriate clothing and detained until all doubts are removed.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, December 24, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: By order of Brigadier-General Cooper I will be relieved of the command of this post to- morrow. I am notified that the guard and prison will remain under my control but at the same time constitute a part of General Cooper's command. I have respectfully to ask specific instructions as to how far this control will extend as to the reception and discharge of prisoners, the control of their funds and generally such information as will enable the commandant of the post and myself to draw the line between our several duties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER ZINN,

Major First Battalion of Governor's guards, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C ., December 25, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE,

Asst. to Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN: You will proceed immediately to Camp Chase and make an inspection into the condition of the prison at that camp. Examine

