
into everything that relates to the condition of the prisoners, their clothing, t heir provisions, personal cleanliness, the supply of bedding, the general police of the prison, and into all matters that have a bearing upon the measures taken to provide for their welfare and safekeeping. Make a detailed report upon these points and also upon the number of prisoners held their, the character of the charges against them, and whether it would be advisable to send any or how many to the depot on Johnson's Island, Sandusky Bay. Having performed this service you will report in person at this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Cap Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: If their are any exchanged prisoners at Camp Parole belonging to regiments serving in the West you will send them to their regiments without delay under the instructions heretofore given you, as you will also any that may arrive at your camp hereafter. Governor Kirkwood, of Iowa, will visit your camp to consult you about the men from his State. In all cases when you forward men under a non- commissioned officer or a private you will report by mail to the commander of the camp to which they are ordered the number of the party and the day of their departure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, December 26, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S . Army, Washington, D. C .

SIR: Inclosed please find a package of papers which were received with eleven prisoners who were sent from Key West, Fla., to Fort Lafayette. I would respectfully request that the attention of the judge advocate be called to the documents, as they give the history of the prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Island of Key West, Fla., December 10, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

The inclosed information respecting the within- named twelve prisoners is taken from the records and evidence at his office. I therefore beg respectfully to forward it.

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. S. MORGAN,

Colonel Ninetieth New York Regiment, Commanding Post.

