
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 11. FORT PULASKI, KEY WEST, &amp;C., August 12, 1862.

Whenever any vessel shall be brought into the port of Key West, charged with breaking or attempting to break the existing blockade of the rebel coasts, upon the condemnation of such vessel as a prize and the discharge of its officers and crew by the civil authority all persons captured on such vessel who cannot show satisfactorily that they are not citizens of the United States shall be immediately arrested by the commandant of the post of Key West and kept in close custody, their arrest being reported at once to the brigadier- general commanding. Should any such person pending adjudication in the case of the vessel be permitted to go at large the commandant of the post will arrest him if he consider it necessary to prevent his escape and keep him in custody until the discharge or condemnation of the prize, when they will be dealt with according to the directions of this order.

By order of Birg. General A. H. Terry:

THEODORE BACON,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. U. S . FORCES, FORT PULASKI, KEY WEST. &C.,Hilton Head, October 3, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH S. MORGAN,

Ninetieth New York State Volunteers, Commanding Post at Key West.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of August 30 and September 10 and 13, reporting the arrest of ceratin citizens of the United States who were captured on board prize vessels attempting to violate the blockade. The major- general commanding the department has directed that all the persons whose arrests are reported shall be sent to Fort Lafayette. N. Y. You will send with the prisoners a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 11, from these headquarters, a statement of the facts in regard to each of them and a copy of this letter. I am instructed that a report in regard to the whole matter will be made to the honorable Secretary of War from the headquarters of the department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, December 26, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: Two Ohio regiments and one Illinois regiment [which] were captured at Hartsville have been paroled and are now at Columbus, Ohio. This brings the Ohio regiments substantially to their homes. I am strongly impressed with the belief that the Illinois regiment better be sent to Illinois where it will be recruited and put in good condition by the time they are exchanged so as to re- enter the service. They did not misbehave as I am satisfied, so that they should receive no treatment nor have anything withheld from them by way of punishment.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

