
WASHINGTON, December 28, 1862.

Colonel LUDLOW:

You will not make any exchange of commissioned officers until further instructions and come to Washington previous to going to City Point.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., December 28, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

In answer to your telegram asking fort he number of paroled men at this camp not now exchanged I have the honor to inform you that there are 501 reported present and 410 absent without leave. Many of these have been captured in small squads by guerrillas. I will forward you in a few days complete lists of those men giving information of when and where captured and where paroled, &amp;c.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S . Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Office Provost- Marshal- General, December 28, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to send you by direction of the provost- marshal- general the parole papers* received from the enemy in the recent transfer of prisoners of war captured by both forces and paroled for exchange, the enemy returning into our lines 271 of our men whom they captured, we into theirs 463 captured by us, the rest on both sides having been sent to the rear previous to this arrangement. The number paroled for exchange sent from this office to Fort Monroe was 107. The officers and men paroled by the enemy have been already forwarded to you for disposal through Captain Forsyth, provost- marshal, Aquia Creek, and Lieutenant-Colonel Doster, provost- marshal. Washington, successively. In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 163, War Department, descriptive rolls of the prisoners paroled for exchange at this office sent beyond the lines and paroles of all prisoners have been duly forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office, together with a copy of the correspondence between Major-General Parke in behalf of the U. S . Army and Lieutenant- General Longstreet in behalf of the enemy, relating to the above- mentioned transfer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. KIMBALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PHILADELPHIA, December 28, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of Sate.

DEAR SIR: I inclose a petition drawn up by myself while incarcerated in the military prison at Tupelo, Miss., and signed by thirty- seven

others, my fellow- prisoners. In the good providence of God I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

