
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,La Vergue, Tenn., December 1, 1862.

[GEORGE WM. BRENT.]

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the enemy have been for the last month burning all unoccupied houses between La Vergue and Nashville. Up to this time they have to my knowledge burned more than twenty houses. At and near La Vergue last Thursday they burned several under the immediate direction of their officers. They stated that they did not intend to leave any shelter for rebels.

They take special care to burn houses near which our pickets have been stationed, but by no means confine themselves to these.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Extract from report of officer commanding pickets on the Lebanon road, December 1.

* * * * *

He says they are destroying and burning everything in their route, taking even the shoes from the feet of the women. They have a large number of wagons and are evidently on a marauding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 3, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Nashville, Tenn.

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy marked A of reports made by medical officers of my command in regard to the indignities to which they were subjected while they were in the hands of your predecessor. As the officer from whom they received such severe and unjustifiable treatment is probably not within your jurisdiction I beg that you will forward the papers with a copy of this communication as far as pertains to the case to his proper commander. The rumor which was made the pretext for the confinement of these officers in violation of the cartel existing between the two Governments was wholly unfounded. It would be most painful to me to be compelled to resort to retaliation for such acts of cruelty or bad faith, but if their committal is encouraged in subordinate officers by allowing them to go unpunished or unremarked there will be but one course left me.

I desire also to call your attention to the case of Surgeon Horton, Tenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, who is reported to me as confined on parole within the limits of the city of Nashville and prohibited from communicating with his Government. You will oblige me by informing me of the reasons of this exceptional course toward this officer.

The case of Private R. K. Kerchival, Fourth Tennessee Volunteers, imprisoned in Nashville by General Negley and refused an exchange, as set forth in the inclosed statement marked B, is submitted also to your special attention.

It will afford me unalloyed pleasure to learn that in these cases of great apparent hardship and abuse "the of war" have

