
notice is that of being a spy; and to hold her for this offense it is necessary that some definite act which can be established by reliable testimony should have been committed by her. if such charge can be made with any reasonable probability of being established prepare it in due from, giving time and place, and with the names of the witnesses and what they know ad any other testimony you may have submit it to this office. If no such charges can be made release her.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

SAINT LOUIS, December 30, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,

Helena, Ark.

SIR: General Holmes, commanding the rebel forces of the Trans- Mississippi Department, in an official communication from Little Rock December 8, 1862, states that "Robert Craig, a private of the Fifth Missouri Cavalry, having been taken prisoner and paroled has been again taken prisoner by the forces under my command without any evidence of his having been exchanged. ": This if correct places Craig in a most unfortunate position and demands attention. I will thank you to look into the matter and report to me at your earliest convention all the facts in the case of which you are apprised. I would suggest also that you bring the case to the attention of the general commanding at Helena, that it may be the subject of explanation between he opposing forces if opportunity arises.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DIK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost- Marshal- General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C. December 31, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE, Commanding, Washington.

GENERAL: Lieutenant- Colonel Luldow, agent for exchange of prisoners, informs me that there is some doubt whether there will be any further exchanges of officers and he desires that no more rebel officers be sent to Fort Monroe for exchange until this question is decided.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 31, 1862.

Colonel J. R. SMITH, Military Commandant, Detroit, Mich.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 27th instant is just received and I beg to say in reply that in my letter to Colonel Duffield I spoke of the exchanges which I expected the order to cover, "according to the place of capture," and it was not intended that the letter should be understood as announcing any exchanges except so far as it was specified. Captures had been made at many places which I know nothing

