
about which were not covered by the order. I explained that the exchanges had been fully perfected in order that all might know that the order relieved them from all responsibilities and that a certificate of exchange was not necessary. o curse none can serve whose exchange is not announced in the order (191), a copy of which I forwarded to you as soon as it was issued.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 31, 1862.

Major PETER ZINN,

Commanding Camp Chase Prison, Columbus, Ohio.

MAJOR: In reply to your letter of the 22nd instant reporting the cases of prisoners charged with violating their oaths and one case reported as a spy, I have to say that as the first step for such and all similar cases you should ascertain by a careful examination of the witnesses or such written testimony as you may have whether a clear and distinct charge as to the facts (alleged), with time and place, can be presented with a probability of being sustained, and when it appears that a charge can be established it should be drawn up in due form with specifications and submitted with the names of the witnesses and what they know and any written testimony you may have to the proper authorities through this office. If there is not sufficient testimony to warrant a trial make a report in each case giving all the information you have. It may be necessary in some cases to obtain the details of the case from the officer making the arrest. In reporting cases of rebel deserters give all the details of their desertion as far as they are known to you, that there may be no doubt of the position they occupy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December 31, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions received at the office of the commissary- general of prisoners dated December 25, 1862, I have the honor to inform you that I proceeded immediately to Camp Chase, near this point, and made an inspection of the prison at that place with a view of ascertaining its condition and as a result of that examination I respectfully submit the following report:

Upon my arrival I found in immediate command of the prison Major Peter Zin, of the First Battalion, Governor' Guards, Ohio volunteers. On the 29th instant this officer, resigning his commission in the Army, relinquished his command to the senior officer next to him of that battalion, Captain E. L. Webber, who now has control of the prison under the general orders of the commanding officer of Camp Chase, Colonel Kautz, of the Ohio volunteer service, who is under the orders of Brigadier-General Cooper, of the U. S . volunteer service, headquarters at Columbus. The prisoners at Camp Chase, 266 in number,

