
favorable in every respect than on the date of my last report to you of it, and with the improvements already authorized by you will certainly if properly controlled be above any reasonable grounds for complaint. With the exception of articles 6 and 9 of the general regulations from your office the rules for the government of prisoners are well observed, considering the want of experience of the officers who have had the control of the prison, their short term of continuance in that position and the interference with the prisoners from many other sources than from this office, as well as the multiplied orders and requests received there from other quarters than the authority constituted for the control of prisoners by the War Department.

With much resect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Assistant to Commissary- General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, December 29, 1862.

Captain E. L. WEBBER,In Charge of Prisoners, Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: By the direction of the commissary- general of prisoners I have the honor to submit the following instructions for your guidance: You will immediately have raised all the buildings in Prison Numbers 2 so that the floors will be one foot from the ground and so secure them upon firm and permanent conditions by means of string pieces supported upon wooden blocks, and cause that portion of the vertical walls of the buildings to be removed when extending below their floors. The walks and roads I the prison and all low portions of the prison ground will be covered with gravel to such depth (not to exceed nine inches) as will make the ground firm and hard and insure rapid drainage. You will cause the drains at all times to be kept free and clean and so graded as will cause all surface water to be carried well without the walls of the prison and the prison limits. Cause lime to be freely used in the sewers and sinks, and particularly in the hospital vicinity. Cause all the buildings of the prison and the inside surface of the fence to be whitewashed at least once a month, and let all precautions with in your power be used to prevent and destroy vermin, whether existing in the quarters or the prison grounds, and to this end you will enforce so far as is practicable habits of personal cleanliness among the prisoners where their disposition is opposed to this condition. You will cause the prisoners to be properly supplied with tubs for washing and bathing, with brooms and with all other facilities necessary for their cleanliness. The labor of grading, whitewashing, &amp;c., will so far as is possible be performed by the prisoners, as well as all that is necessary fort heir own comfort or improved condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Assistant to Commissary- General of prisoners.

[Inclosure C.]

OFFICE OF THE COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Camp Chase, Ohio, December 29, 1862.

STATEMENTS.

The ration issued by me to prisoners of war (in obedience to instructions from the commander of this post) consists of the following

