
articles, viz: Three-fourths of a pound of pork or bacon or 1 pound of fresh beef, 18 ounces of bread or 1 1/4 pounds of corn- meal, and at the rate of every 100 rations 8 quarts of beans or 10 pounds of rice or hominy, 5 pounds of roasted coffee, 14 pounds of sugar, 5/6 of a pound of adamantine candles, 4 pounds of soap, 2 quarts of salt, and thrice per week potatoes at the rate of 1 point per man, and molasses at the rate of 4 quarts for every 100 rations twice per week. Also in addition to the foregoing ration vegetables, &amp;c., consisting of cabbage, beets, parsnips, carrots, onions and apples (green) have been issued twice per week at the rate of 227 pounds for every 100 rations. This proportion of the amount of vegetables is derived from my bill of purchases from December 1st to the present date, showing the whole mount purchased to have been 7,070 pounds and the average number of men drawn for the time specified above is 388, and the issues having been made twice per week regularly shows the amount issued in the proportion above stated. The stores issued from the commissary are of the same quality as those issued to the U. S. troops, all of which I deem to be of the best quality. The vegetables purchased by me and issued to the prisoners have always been of a good and wholesome quality and of such kind as the market affords. The ration has been issued ordinarily for two days at a time, the actual wight of each and every article composing the ration being given. Fresh beef is being issued four times per week and pork and bacon the remainder of the time by a special order received from Major Peter Zinn, commandant of post. The stewards of the prison receive the rations at the commissary department from me after they are weighed and are always present to see that the weight is given correctly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN McMURRAY,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure D.]

HEAUDQARTERS CAMP CHASE,

Provost- Marshal's Office, December 28, 1862.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE:

First, the allowance of wood to each prisoner is one sixth of a cord; second, issued in the same manner as to regular soldiers; third, requisition made upon the quartermaster; fourth, during the present month 58 cords have been issued; fifth, the aggregate number this month is 386; sixth, 6 cords. November 1, 1862, an order was issued for 105 cords. The aggregate during the month of November was 600. December 1, 1862, an order was issued for 89 cords, and the aggregate is 386, making the aggregate for November and December 493, the amount of wood the prisoners were entitled to being 158 cords, and upon measurement we find 34 cords on hand, making a saving of 6 cores. it may be stated that the prison hospital has been furnished out of the above requisitions during the last two months and the prisoners had an abundance to keep them comfortable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. HENLEY,

Lieutenant and Provost- Marshal of prisons.

[Indorsement.]

There has been no restriction of wood to poisoners, as their wood racks are never empty.

ALEXANDER SANKEY,

Steward.

