
We have plenty to eat here and to wear and the officers tat command this place are nice men.

JOHN H. HENSON (Virginia.)

From March to July I received, by letter and express, $4,991, all of which I have delivered to the prisoners and have their receipts for the same. Since August the prisoners have not been allowed money inside the prison, but have had receipts for their money, which receipts were good with the sutler, as they, the prisoners, could buy anything not contraband through the sutler they wanted.

D. B. TIFFANY,

Provost- Marshal of Prison.

From September to December I have received and delivered to the prisoners 140 express packages containing eatables and mostly clothing, and nothing has been considered contraband but whisky and fire- arms.

D. B. TIFFANY,

In Charge of Express Goods.

[Newspaper Article.]

CAMP CHASE PRISON .

There have been some very heartless and reckless strictures made of late by the editor of the Crisis on the management of the military prison at Camp Chase. We were yesterday enlightened on the subject by an interview with one of the prisoners who has been confined there for five months past and who has been released on taking the oath of allegiance and giving an appropriate bond. He is a man worth $40,000 in land and slaves and has five sons in John Morgan's army. But he assured us that the stuff that was published in the article alluded to about the management of the prison department of the camp was, in his own expressive prose, all a d- d pack of lies. He said that he was an old man and not used to hardships, but that now at the end of five months in the prison he never had better health and finds that he has gained fifteen pounds of flesh during the time. He says the rations are good and abundant. Some of the prisoners he declares willfully and wantonly waste their food, and this he says is done by some of them who never were half as well fed at home as they are their. And he expressed himself as being quite willing to let such fellows go hungry a little while. As to cleanliness, &amp;c., he assures us that anything disorderly in this particular is all blamable upon certain prisoners themselves. He says if they grew dirty and lousy it is their own fault and the result of their own negligence and laziness. It is true he says that some are filthy and covered with vermin, but they are such as he says "who ever did anything but stink all their lives. " They refuse to wash properly and to observe any special care of themselves or of their quarters, and our informant said that he told them that he "didn't care a d- n if they were eaten up with lice, they deserved it for their laziness. " He said he had been careful and cleanly and washed himself frequently and he never had a louse on him . Others could do the same if they would.

He was asked by some of the prisoners who remain, preferring lice to their allegiance, to take home with him some copies of the Crisis to show how badly they were treated in the prison. He told them, "No, I won'; t carry that much filth and falsehood around my person. " This kind

