
of prison experience is quite enough to stamp the statements made concerning the barbarities of Camp Chase with the character they deserve.

Reuben Sebree, the man spoken of in this article, was a citizen prisoner from Kentucky and was released on giving $1,500 bond. The same statements were made to me (only a little stronger) that appear in this article.

D. B. TIFFANY,

Prison Provost- Marshal.

(Sebree was released on the 19th of December.)

[Inclosure- From the Columbus, Ohio, Crisis.]

HORRIBLE DISCLOSURES IN RELATION TO A POLITICAL PRISON.

We speak wholly of the political prison, the prison of the State, as we know nothing whatever of what occurs in the prison where "rebels taken in arms" are kept; that is, the prisoners of war. It must not be forgotten that there have been from 600 to 700 political prisoners at Camp Chase at a time, and although 700 have been lately discharged without trail there are yet there some 400. One hundred or 200 of these have arrived there within a few days past from Kentucky and Western Virginia. These men are taken from their homes, some from their beds at night, some from heir houses in daytime, and a great many of them are picked up in their fields at work and never suffered to see their families before being spirited off to Ohio and incarcerated in this celebrated Bastile, which will soon be as famous as Olmutz itself. Our Ohioans are put in the same prison with these men from other States and from them we have learned some facts which the people of Ohio ought to know. Many of these men have been kept in this prison for over one year, a great many for five, six, seven and eight months, without even seeing outside or being allowed to communicate personally with any one, not even wife, child, other, mother or stranger. They are furnished with nothing but a single blanket even these cold nights unless they are able to purchase additional comforts with money they may be able to command. Many are poor men and unable to purchase. They were not permitted to bring along a change of clothing and many had on when seized nothing but summer wear, and that has become filthy, worn out and scarcely hangs upon their backs. They have no bedding and are therefore compelled to sleep on the bare boards. They have not enough wood furnished to keep fires up all night, hence the suffering is intensified by the cold weather. If they attempt after night to walk out in the yard to take off the chills of the dreary night they are instantly threatened to be shot by the guards as ordered by those in command.

Doctor Allen, of Columbiana County, Ohio, said he lay on a bare board until his hips were black and blue. The wood furnished them is four feet long and they are compelled, each mess, to chop it up for themselves, and the provisions being furnished raw they have to cook for themselves. Recollect always that these are political prisoners against whom no one appears as accuser and no trial is permitted. The prison has become filthy, awfully so, and the rats are in droves. If the prisoners attempt to kill one of these rats they are forbidden and threatened with being shot instantly. Recollect always as we sid above these are political prisoners against whom some malicious negro

