
worshiper has created a suspicion of disloyalty but whose name is kept a secret and hence there can be no trial. The prison is perfectly alive with lice and no chance is given to escape the living vermin. A dead man, one of the prisoners, was carried out to the dead yard and laid there overnight and when visited in the morning by other prisoners who heard there was a dead man there they found the hair on his head stiff with lice and nits, the lice creeping into his eyes in great numbers, and as he lay with his mouth open the lice were thick crawling in and out of his open mouth. Not long since two of the prisoners got into a scuffle in trying their strength and finally into a fight as was supposed, ad several other prisoners rushed to part them when the guards from the lookouts above fired on them killing an old man by the name of Jones from Western Virginia, and the ball grazing the skull of another he fell and it was supposed at first he was killed also. Another of the balls passed through a board at the head of a sick man in the hospital and only escaped him by a few inches. The two men in the scuffle were not hurt. We might go further, but God knows this is enough for once. It is enough to make one's blood run cold to think of it. now if any one doubts this- if the authorities at camp or at the State- house doubt it- if the legislature when it meets will raise a committee we promise to name the witnesses who if sent for will under oath prove all this and as much more, some of which is too indecent to print in a newspaper for the public ear. We do not bring these things to light for any other purpose than an act of humanity, of respect for the fair fame of Ohio and to direct public attention to them that the brutal authorities of that camp may have justice done them. The commandant of the camp is himself a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. He will no doubt appear on the first Monday of January to take his seat. let him answer to his peers on that floor; let him answer to his constituents who elected him; let him answer to the whole people of Ohio if he dare whether these things are so or not. Heaven be blessed if any modification can be put upon these transactions, any excuse of the most trivial nature by which the fame of Ohio may be vindicated from the crime and stigma whih otherwise must go down to all time upon the pages of our history. We copied a paragraph from the Herald on Tuesday to the effect that-

The colonel and every field officer of the Ninth New York State Militia were in this city on Friday last when they should have been with their command at Fredericksburg. Colonel Stiles, of the regiment referred to, explains his absence as follows; On the 3rd of December N. Isham, acting surgeon, pronounced Colonel Stiles unfit for duty on account of pleurisy, and recommended an absence of twenty days in order to prevent permanent disability or death.

THE CRISIS' SYMPATHY WITH REBELS- IT THINKS THEIR PRISONERS BETTER THAN OUR SOLDIERS.

CAMP CHASE, December 17, 1862.

Mr. EDITOR:

It sometimes occurs that honest men require a defense against the vituperations of sympathetic traitors. The present case is doubtless one. An article appeared in the Crisis of December 10 entitled "The Prisoners at Camp Chase. " The article is nothing more nor nothing less than a tissue of falsehoods by a well- known falsifier. The evidence is founded on the statements of citizens of Ohio who have been confined in prison at Camp Chase, and a promise s given to name the witnesses that they can be sent for to substantiate the charges, and much more too indecent to appear in a newspaper. The first charge of any

