
significance is that "the inmates of the prison are not allowed to communicate with any one outside. " This is not true. no one has been forbidden to hold interviews with persons outside when application has been made to the proper authority. Interviews and personal communications are of daily occurrence and regular transmission of letters though the U. S . mails is allowed to the prisoners; and remittances of money, clothing and in fact every and all things necessary for the comfort and enjoyment of the inmates are allowed to be sent and given them by their friends outside. "They are furnished with nothing but a single blanket even these cold nights," exclaims the Crisis with as much gusto as the boldest calumniator could command. Indeed this seems horrible to this hoary- headed old sinner who manufactures slanders on honest men and patriots. No Union soldier is furnished any more than one blanket and it is considered ample for field service, and they must provide any surplus out of their hard earned funds.

The Crisis says, "They are not allowed to bring along a change of clothing.: " Of all the lies in the category of the denito text of this is the most barefaced. I have seen large trunks filled to their largest capacity taken into the prison and the transportation paid by the Government. Among the cruelties so elaborately enumerated by the Crisis are the facts of the prisoners having "to chop their own wood and cook their rations. " The soldiers of all armies and the prisoners taken by all the armies of the civilized world are required to do the same, and no one but the editor of the Crisis ever pretended to call it cruel, and in doing so he but shows his ignorance and folly, not to say ignorance and malignity. The "Old Wheel Horse" thinks that the prisoners ought to be allowed to kill the rats that infest the prison! They are allowed to kill as many as their taste dictates, and frequently when I have been on guard I have seen numbers of the prisoners engaged in killing the . The shooting of Jones seems to be the fainting point when the editor looks for a good place and falls into a swoon, occasioned by so much barbarity. A court of inquiry justified the sentinel in shooting Jones, and I personally know that the men who composed that court of inquiry are honest men; as far above the editor in point of patriotism and love of truth and justice as our Savior was above the false hearted jews. The provost- marshal who has charge of the prison is a man loved and respected by all who know him, and although a stern, unyielding patriot, will not permit the meanest rebel to suffer. When the prisoners have not sufficient funds to purchase clothing they are furnished at the expense of the Government. No longer ago than December 16 nearly $200 worth of clothing was dispensed to inmates of the prison. They are allowed the same rations as soldiers and in addition are allowed beef five times a week - soldiers only four. They are furnished with a greater variety of vegetables than soldiers, and from two to four barrels of fist- rate apples are given them above the usual rations per week. nowhere in the history of prisons is such generosity known. Yet despite all this the editor belies and slanders those who are using their best endeavors to render comfortable and tolerable the necessary confinement of our country's designing enemies. The summery character of martial law so necessary in times of public danger may for a time visit unnecessary punishment upon the innocent. Even civil courts are not always free from cruelty to guiltless persons. But the love of truth and fairness seems entirely foreign to the Crisis and its notorious editor in characterizing Major Zinn as a person who will pollute his seat in the Legislature. The

