
major is doubtless heir to the common frailties of human nature, but no man can truthfully say that his administration at Camp Chase has not been as commendable as any of his predecessors. I am satisfied that the will not fear to allow any investigation the Legislature or the law may set on foot. It is unnecessary to prolong this article. All I have said I can prove beyond the cavil of a doubt by dozens of men at Camp Chase who are uninterested and unbiased.

A. S. HEMPSTEAD,

Private, Company A, Zinn's Battalion.

[Indorsement.]

The writer of this communication is a graduate of Central College, Ohio, and a young man of good character.

E. L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Battalion, Governor's Guards. .
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Vicksburg, January 1, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, New Orleans, La.

SIR: By an official communication from Major-General Butler received some time since I was informed that it was his intention to retain fourteen of the "chiefest" Confederate prisoners of war then in his hands, including Brigadier General Charles Clark, until he should receive instructions from his Government as to what disposition should be made of them. I request to be informed whether it is your purpose to carry out the provisions of the cartel fort he exchange of prisoners of war. If so I will be pleased to receive all those now held by you at such points on the Mississippi River below our lines as you may choose to designate. I also include in their communication the following extract from a letter lately received from Robert Ould, esq., agent of the Confederate States for the exchange of prisoners of war, for your information:

On the 21st of September last Captain Murphy was exchanged for Major Charles E. Livingston, Seventy- sixth New york Volunteers; General Butler has therefore no claim for any further equivalent for Captain Murphy. The exchange was a special one and was made by me in consequence of an urgent letter from Governor Moore, of Louisiana, in whose service Captain Murphy had been acting. I informed Governor Moore of the consummation of the exchange nearly three months ago. If General Butler will refer to General Orders, Numbers 147, issued by the United States Government September 30, 1862, he will see the above exchange therein published.

The same communication refers to Partisan Rangers. The following agreement has been made between the respective commissioners of exchange, to wit:

The body of Confederate troops known by the designation of Partisan Rangers and whose officers are commissioned by the Confederate Government and who are regularly in the service of the Confederate Government are to be exchanged when captured.

The Federal Government has recently professed to carry out the above agreement to its full extent. I believe it has done so in the East. Perhaps General Butler has not as yet been notified of the action of his Government. The agreement above quoted comes from the War Department at Washington and is signed by their agent for exchange.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant- General, Commanding.

10 R R- SERIES II, VOL V

