
On Wednesday evening, the 29th instant, we were ordered by Surgeon Head, U. S. post surgeon at Louisville, to be transferred from the military hospital to the military prison, in which were confined some 500 Confederate soldiers (paroled), political prisoners and others, among whom we found three more Confederate surgeons who had that day been imprisoned, viz, Assistant Surgeons Phillips, Fenner and Clark. I addressed a note to Doctor Murray, General Buell's medical director, and through his interference we were released and ordered to report on the evening of the 30th to Doctor Cowan, C. S. Army, at the Louisville Hotel, where we found he had been furnished with transportation for us to Cairo, via railroad through Indiana and Illinois. At Cairo we reported to the general in command (General Tuttle), who telegraphed to General Grant for permission to send us through the Federal lines at Memphis. General Grant replied, ordering General Sherman at Memphis to "pass through the lines rebel surgeons. "

We left Cairo on the Memphis on the evening of Saturday, November 1, transportation given us, and arrived at Memphis on Monday morning, the 3rd instant, where we procured a pass from General Sherman and conveyance to Hernando. Thence next day to Coldwater, where we took the cars, and I proceeded via Grenada, Jackson, Mobile and Atlanta hither. Please find notes, &amp;c., annexed. Surgeon Jones, C. S. Army, who was also imprisoned at Louisville, was sent down on the boat to Vicksburg with our paroled men, on his parole to return in forty days. Surgeons Leak, Fenner and Clark were robbed by the Federals of their knives, pocket instruments and some clothing.

Deeming it proper to communicate the above facts to the general commanding, I remain, very respectfully,

H. HINKLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS 121ST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Perryville, Ky., October 19, 1862.

The guard will pass the bearer, H. Hinkley, brigade surgeon, First Brigade, Second Division, Army Mississippi, Left Wing, through our lines.

W. P. REID,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF OHIO,In Camp, October 21, 1862.

Pass Surgeon Hinkley, C. S. Army, through our lines south via Somerset, he having given his parole not to divulge anything to the prejudice of the U. S. service.

By order of Major-General Buell:

T. J. BUSH,

First Lieutenant.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]

Doctor HINKLEY.

SIR: The general has given directions to General Boyle about your getting South. You will find him at his headquarters on Seventh street near Broadway.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. BUSH.

