
taken in Kentucky now at Camp Chase. I am expecting to- day by express rolls of 1,643 prisoners delivered at Vicksburg from Sandusky and other Western camps. Some individual cases are inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, January 3, 1863.

In all cases where money is taken from prisoners the commanding officer is required to keep an accurate account of it and to pay it out only to the order of the prisoner, any balance being returned to him on his release. (See accompanying regulations. . *) Personal baggage of prisoners not contraband is not to be taken from them; on the contrary it has been transported for them at considerable expense to the Government. Charges of this character I believe can be sustained against the Confederate officials.

Respectfully refereed to Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Ludlow, agent for the exchange of prisoners.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary- General of Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., January 3, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have verbally authorized the temporary employment of an additional physician at the military prison at Alton. The smallpox is raging terribly there, having increased within the past week from 6 to abut 100 cases. All the prisoners have been vaccinated.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 4, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS:

It is understood that the rebel Government has refused to parole and exchange our officers. We shall neither parole nor send forward for exchange any more officers till this question is settled. The most important move now is to open the Mississippi and you will give all possible aid to that object. It is hoped that General Grant will now be able to assist Sherman without any more troops from Columbus. Arm the transports the best you can.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, General- in- Chief.

HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, January 5, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

On 31st ultimo I ordered Major McDowell to arrest by military fore certain gamblers in Louisville, Cincinnati, Columbus and Cleveland

---------------

*See Vol. IV, this Series, p. 152.

---------------

