
violates the usages of civilized war and solemn compact between belligerents.

I have now in my possession Second Lieutenant Robert Hill, Company D, and Adjt. James E. Philpott, of Eighth Ohio Regiment Volunteers, also Surg. Joseph S. Martin, of Seventeenth Kansas Regiment U. S. Volunteers, whom I intend to hold as hostages for the violations of civilized usages of war and the cartel already committed and threatened against my command. If my surgeon and forage master are exchanged I will parole the other officers named. Captain A. W. Suchman and Privates John A. Hill, Henry B. Bullard, Thomas Bates, William Johnson, Henry S. Dancey, Spencer B. Shelton, John M. Lewis, Marcus Lott and Cullin McCray, as an escort, are bearers of flag of truce and this dispatch.

Very respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment of Partisan Rangers, C. S. Army.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, Washington, January 6, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Inclosed you will find the application* of certain officers of the Second Regiment of New Mexico Militia for exchange. The application is submitted by the Acting Governor of New Mexico to the commandant of the Department of New Mexico and has the favorable indorsement of Brigadier General James H. Carleton upon it, and I hope it may be convenient and agreeable to have the exchange made.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN S. WATTS,

New Mexico.

[Indorsement.]

FORT MONROE, May 12, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners. All captures in New Mexico up to January 1, 1863, have been declared exchanged.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 6, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana, Vicksburg:

Your communication of the 1st instant was received this day 12 meridian. It is my desire to conform to and carry out the provisions of the cartel for the exchange of prisoners of war. I have not the requisite information to enable me to state exactly what proposition of exchange I can make, but at the earliest possible I will communicate with you as requested in your letter.

I do not know that it is necessary for me to carry out the intention attributed by you to General Butler to retain fourteen of the chiefest Confederate prisoners of war then in his hands, including Brigadier General Charles Clark, until he should receive instructions from his Government as to the disposition to be made of them. A soon as I can ascertain the facts in the case I will communicate with you, and also in

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

