
relation to Captain Murphy, named in the extract from the letter of Robert Ould, esq., agent of the Confederate States for the exchange of prisoners of war. General Orders, Numbers 147, of 1862, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, recognize the exchange of Captain Murphy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, January 6, 1863.

Major N. G. WATTS,

Agent for the Exchange of Prisoners, Lakeport:

Partisan Rangers will be exchanged in accordance with the terms specified in the cartel in relation to them. I will communicate an answer on the subject of exchanges as soon as I can examine the subject and will transmit it to some point such as General Pemberton request in his letter.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, January 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo in regard to selecting a suitable and available officer to relieve Colonel Daniel Cameron, Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, a paroled officer, from the command at Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill. Brigadier General J. Ammen, U. S. Volunteers, has been ordered to the command of Camp Douglas, he being the only suitable officer available for the duty, which seems to require that rank in order to enable the officer to command any colonels who may be at the camp, and General Ammen has only now become available by the removal of most of the troops from Camp Dennisoon, where he has been for some time stationed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WELDON, N. C., January 6, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, New Berne, N. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 31st ultimo and a copy of a letter addressed to you by Edward Stanly, who signs himself military governor of North Carolina. In relation to prisoners of war when they have been paroled I can say never to my knowledge have they been nor have I ever heard of their having been employed in the performance of any duty for the Government. As my Government has so faithfully respected the parole of prisoners I am the more astonished that you should have brought a merely hearsay rumor that came to the ears of the editor of the Raleigh Standard to my notice when an order was issued from the War Department of the United Stats requiring as I remember paroled prisoners to instruct recruits, garrison fortresses in the rear of the army, guard prisoners, &amp;c. While our press as the extract you sent me shows would denounce such violation of a parole of

