
III. The corps officer charged with this duty must keep himself thoroughly posted as to the caliber and description of all arms, kinds of equipments, clothing, &amp;c., used by the various regiments and commands of his corps, and on being notified from the office of the provost-marshal-general that a detachment of convalescents, &c., is in readiness for him at Alexandria will repair to that place with a copy of this order and of the order detailing him for the duty, report to Major Wood and make requisitions for such arms, clothing, &c., as may be necessary to fit out every man of the detachment for immediate service with forty rounds of ammunition.

IV. As soon as possible after the requisitions are filled the corps officer will make the necessary issues to the men (taking such receipts from and making such charges against them as will enable him to transfer the accountability for the property issued to the commanders of regiments and companies to which the men belong and furnish the necessary data for the settlement of their account) and conduct them to the headquarters of his corps for distribution to their respective regiments and commands.

V. Captain H. S. Welton, Nineteenth Infantry, now at Alexandria, will report with his company to Major Wood and assist him in the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Camp near Murfreesborough, January 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIS, Commanding First Division.

GENERAL: By authority of the general commanding General McCook directs that all of your command claiming to have been paroled by the enemy but who have no written evidence of it or whose paroles are signed by any other than a commissioned officer of the Confederate Army be returned to duty with their regiments, all such paroles being illegal. He directs that all paroled men in your command be collected together and the evidence of their examined and the men disposed of as herein indicated.

Lists of those properly paroled will be furnished by division provost-marshal to the provost-marshal-general at headquarters Department of the Cumberland, who will give directions concerning them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 1. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 7, 1863.

The general commanding is pained to inform the commissioned officers of the Confederate Army taken prisoners by the forces under his command that owing to the barbarous measures announced by President Davis in his recent proclamation denying paroles to our officers he will be obliged to treat them in like manner. It is a matter of regret to him that this rigor appears to be necessary, and he trusts that such remonstrances as may well be made in the name of justice, humanity and civilization will reach the Confederate authorities and induce them to pursue a different course thereby enabling him to accord

