
collision between State and U. S. authorities. I have information of a confidential nature which warrants this dispatch and renders and early reply necessary.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., January 9, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: A large number of persons are found bearing paroles similar to the inclosed. The persons who told these paroles claim the privilege of going at large without restriction as long as they keep within the loyal States. This it will readily bee seen might lead to great abuse and serve as a protection to spies and all kinds of disloyal persons and this too without the parties being detected in any misconduct or overt act which would authorize a revoking of the parole. The major-general commanding this department desires to know whether such paroles as these shall be regarded or shall the persons bearing them be arrested or sent beyond the Union lines? Please return the parole inclosed, which is an original taken from a person who has been arrested and is no in confinement until your decision is known.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 27, 1862.

I, Victor Brand, private, Seventh Louisiana, prisoner of war, taken at battle of Antietam, do hereby request that I be not returned by exchange or upon parole, and I do give my parole of honor that I will not take up arms against the Government of the United States or in any manner give aid or information to its enemies or go within any of that States now in rebellion until released from this obligation by competent authority.

his

VICTOR X BRAND,

mark

Private, Seventh Louisiana.

Subscribed in presence of-

JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The above-named Victor Brand is permitted to proceed to and remain in any of the loyal States.

By command of the provost-marshal-general, Army of the Potomac:

JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 9, 1863.

Major JOSEPH DARR, Jr.,

Provost-Marshal-General, Wheeling, Va.

MAJOR: Your letters of 24th and 25th ultimo in relation to Marian McKenzie were answered on the 30th ultimo but my letter was missent

