
and I therefore rewrite it and inclose* it herewith, but do not release her until you have referred her case again with such charges as may be presented against her. I approve of your suggestion that Mary Jane Green should be placed in a house of refuge, and if there is one within reach where she will be received the Government paying for her board you are authorized to send her there, and you may make the same disposition of Marian McKenzie if she cannot be brought to trial as a spy and her character is like that of Mary Jane Green. Should you be unable to have them received at a house of refuge what are your means for holding them at Wheeling? I approve of your action in paroling Kate Brown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,January 9, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose to you the within declarations+ of exchanges agreed upon by Robert Ould, esq., Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners, and myself at City Point, Va., on the 8th instant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 9, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor of transmitting for your consideration the following extract from a letter received from J. B. Douglass, colonel commanding Sixty-first Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Columbus, Mo., under date of December 29, 1862:

I wish to know whether John T. Singleton has been released as he was in my county a few days since. He was an officer in Price's army and a very bad and dangerous man. He once made his escape from Alton and was rearrested at Liberty, in this State. I know him well. He is a bad man and should not be set at liberty. Let me hear from you at your earliest opportunity in this case. For God's sake do not let out the worst men and keep the poor ignorant boys in prison.

I will say that I am personally acquainted with Colonel Douglass and can vouch for his integrity and patriotism. His statements are worthy of credence. Colonel Hildebrand, commanding post at Alton, writes me January 5 that Singleton was released upon your order on the 6th of September or 1st of November and that some ninety others were discharged about the same time. It is important for me to know if prisoners at Alton who have been sent from this office before I came into it are liable to be released by order from Washington without first notifying me. If so it will be necessary forme at once to send you the charges or evidence against such prisoners, for pretended Union men from Missouri are constantly applying for the release of bad rebels. I

---------------

* See p. 130.

+ See general Orders, Numbers 10, January 10, p. 169.

---------------

