
would respectfully suggest that applications for such release should be referred to this office before being acted upon, otherwise such means Singleton may be released upon the belief that they are worthy of it. I ask that you will instruct Colonel Hildebrand to report immediately to this office all released from the Alton Prison, and that also all released from Sandusky of Missouri prisoners be reported here. I am often embarrassed for the want of such information.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Missouri.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 6. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

* * * * *

XIII. To insure proper care of the Confederate sick and wounded within our lines Surgeon Avent, C. S. Army, is appointed medical director for them. All Confederate and other surgeons employed in care of their sick in hospitals and private houses and all citizens having Confederate sick or wounded in either case will promptly report their location, names, number and condition to Surgeon Avent, and will be held responsible for their care and conformity to his orders or the orders of our military authorities. No medical men, nurses or invalids will leave their hospitals or places without his permission, and none will be removed without written application sanctioned by him and approved by the medical director of our army. All nurses or patients leaving without such permission will be treated as deserters and medical officers violating these orders will be severely punished. Needful supplies will be issued on requisition sanctioned or submitted by Surgeon Avent and approved by authority of the medical director of this army. Surgeon Avent will furnish with the least passible delay lists of the Confederate sick and wounded within our lines, and morning reports of the nurses and sick certified to on honor as the basis on which he makes his requisitions. He will promptly report for negligence or disobedience of orders all delinquent medical officers and others under his control. These regulations being for the good of those whom it concerns the general commanding trusts they will be fully and cheerfully complied with.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY STONE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Baltimore, Md., January 9, 1863.

In all cases when the troops of this army corps are captured by the enemy and paroled the senior officer present shall cause to be prepared and forwarded to the office of the commissary-general of prisoners at washington with as little delay as practicable a fullest by regiments and companies of all so paroled, giving the named, rank, regiment and company of each person, the time and place of capture and the disposition made of them. Like rolls shall be prepared and furnished to the same office of all rebel prisoners captured by our forces. When the circumstances are such that a roll cannot be immediately prepared a

