
written report giving the number of officers and men, the time and place of capture and the disposition made of them shall be forwarded followed by the necessary rolls at the earliest practicable moment.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 10, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

* * * * *

All our paroled prisoners taken prior to December 10 are declared exchanged. get them back to their regiments in the field as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. PAROLED FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, January 10, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 29th ultimo I beg leave to state that rolls of Kentucky Home Guards are being made out and will be forwarded to you as soon as completed. The reason that a reply to your communication has been deferred is that parties reporting here as paroled prisoners are without descriptive lists or any evidence whatever of their being in the service. The consequence is that an examination, often difficult, is required to ascertain from whence they came and where they belong. This has been the case with prisoners belonging to the Kentucky Home Guards referred to in your late communication. Your suggestion relative to furnishing you with lists of the paroled prisoners will be complied with. I would respectfully call your attention to what cannot be regarded otherwise tan an abuse. I refer to the fact that exchanged prisoners from Camp Parole (Annapolis) belonging to regiments in west Virginia frequently arrive here after having gone to Louisville or other places on the Ohio from whence they have been sent here. They arrive here without descriptive lists or any evidence of their connection with the service, demanding transportation to their regiments after having taken the roundabout trip above stated. The want of care in giving this class of prisoners a proper direction in the first instance is not only productive of a useless expense to the Government but often of great hardship and inconvenience to the prisoners themselves, who are often without means to supply themselves with subsistence. If this evil could be corrected it would subserve the interests of the Government and the convenience of the prisoners exchanged.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VON DOEHN,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Cooper.

WHEELING, VA., January 10, 1863.

DIRECTORS HOUSE OF REFUGE, Cincinnati:

GENTLEMEN: The Government desires to place in an institution similar to you own two female prisoners over the age of twenty, one

