
report to and confer with Doctor Moore, left in charge. On 21st at 2 p. m. we left for Danville, at which place we arrived in the evening. Found General Buell, and the major part of his forces just returning from Crab Orchard (General L. Wallace having been left at Big Hill) en route for Lebanon, Ky.

Having been refused permission to pass to Kentucky by way of the Gap (reason assigned, the general did not want us to pass through his army) we were granted permission to pass via Somerset, but on starting that way we were assured that General Bragg's army was making for Nashville or Murfreesborough, and receiving information that the Knob counties of Tennessee and Kentucky were infested by gangs of bushwhackers and thieves, and the report that several persons on that route had been shot and plundered, a Confederate surgeon among the number, we concluded to go to Lebanon, Ky., and if possible to get in advance of the Federal Army and make our way to Murfreesborough. Failing in our intentions we were advised by Dr. R. Murray, General Buell's medical director, to sell our horses and go by way of Louisville, to which place General Buell had preceded us.

Whilst on the cars we were insulted by a couple of drunken Federal officers and threatened with arrest. On our arrival at Louisville at 9 p. m. Saturday, 25th, in a violent snow-storm, we put up at the Galt House, registering our names as surgeons, C. S. Army. On examining the register after supper we found the letters C. S. A. had been erased, whereupon I demanded to know the perpetrator of so low and base an act. The clerk denied knowing. After we had left the house I was told that it was done by the proprietor, Silas Miller, former captain of steam-boat Robert J. Ward, a man who had made all of his money from the patronage of Southern people.

Sunday morning, October 25, after breakfast I requested to see General Buell, but was told by his aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Bush, that he was yet in bed, but that he would see him and have a note at the office bar, with passes, &amp;c., so that we might go down the river on the boat to leave that evening with paroled prisoners. Finding it unpleasant to remain longer at the hotel, we repaired to the house of a friend, Lighter Huffman. In the afternoon we were informed by a friend, Captain Sherley, in the Federal service, that the boat would leave that night, and that there was an order for our arrest from Brigadier-General Boyle. He (Captain Sherley) advised us to remain quiet indoors until near the time of the boat's starting. Supposing that General Boyle merely wished to pay his respects to us until the time for the boat to leave, we did as advised. At our request Captain S. went to the Galt House and returned with a note from Lieutenant Bush, in which Lieutenant B, stated that General Boyle had instructions as to our getting South. This confirmed us in our former opinion.

At 6. 30 p. m. we reported to General Boyle's adjutant-general (General B. refusing to see us). We were directed by him to Colonel Dent, provost-marshal, who informed us that we were to go to the prison hospital, there to remain as hostages for one Doctor Goins, a surgeon of theirs, whom a citizen (Doctor Hall) reported was in a dungeon at Knoxville on bread and water. We were further told he was immured because of his being a Tennessee, and was therefore held as a traitor. We were kindly allowed by Colonel Dent to return to the house of our friend obtain our articles and report at the prison at 8 p. m., which we did, protesting, however, against our imprisonment in the strongest terms. Finding that of no avail I told him that

2 R R-SERIES II, VOL V.

