
3. All officers and enlisted men paroled at Winchester November 15 and 26, 1862, and December 1, 1862.

4. All offices and enlisted men paroled by Colonel Imboden November 9, 1862.

5. All officers and enlisted men paroled at Goldsborough, N. C., May 22, 1862, and deliver at Washington, N. C.

6. All captures of officers, enlisted men and camp followers in Missouri, Kansas, Arkansas, New Mexico, Texas, Arizona and Louisiana up to January 1, 1863.

7. All captures of officers, enlisted men and camp followers in Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina and Florida up to December 10, 1862.

8. All captures on the sea, the sea and Gulf coasts and the waters flowing into the same up to December 10, 1862.

II. The paroled troops herein declared to be exchanged will be without delay equipped for the field and forwarded to the armies to which they belong from posts or camps wherever they may be collected. All officers and enlisted men absent in virtue of being on parole will now that they are exchanged immediately return to duty with their proper commands.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 11, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The crimes of spying, murder, arson, rape and others as well as desertion are increasing, and the power to check them by inflicting the penalty of death is anality, for by the delays necessary to get them a regular trial by general court-martial and then holding them until the matter is reviewed and approved by the President such a time elapsed that the troops are relieved and the culprit escapes. This ought to be remedied.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, January 11, 1863.

Lieutenant FRANCIS BRADY.

LIEUTENANT: You appeared at our picket-lines on a side road bearing a white flag and conducting two ladies who you say wished to enter our lines.

You produce an order or what purports to be an order from John W. Green, acting assistant adjutant-general of Morgan's division, to Captain Quirk, commanding a company of scouts at Liberty, to send the ladies under a flag of truce to Murfreesborough.

Under the laws of war you and your party are arrested as spies and will be held for trial.

A feeling of humanity and your appearance and statements, however, induce the general commanding the department to permit you to return to General Morgan and procure such testimony as you can to relieve you from the position in which you are placed.

