HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, January 14, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In compliance with the instructions contained in your letter of the 8th ultimo I have the honor to forward herewith a list* prepared from the records at these headquarters of the citizens of Kentucky who have been and are now confined in the military prisons and camps of the United States outside of the limits of said State, with a statement of the charge against them, by whom made and by whose order the arrests were made. I also forward herewith official copies of provost-marshal-general of Kentucky, as report made in regard to prisoners sent from said State and now held in prison.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN KENTUCKY,Louisville, January 8, 1863.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

GENERAL: I inclose letter of Colonel Henry Dent, provost-marshal-general of Kentucky, as report made in regard to prisoners, &amp;c., sent from Kentucky and now held in prison. Colonel Dent has been provost-marshal-general in this place since the beginning of the war. It is impossible to make any detailed report. Some of the prisoners were sent by order of military commanders at Lexington, Covington, Cynthiana, Henderson, &c., and by U. S. marshals, of which no report ever reached these headquarters or the provost-marshal-general. I believe there are but few citizens if any held as civil or political prisoners. There are a number held as prisoners of war. The whole subject as connected with prisoners of all classes has been instructed to the provost-marshal-general and under orders received and issued by me he has administered this department of duty with prudence and wisdom. The information desired can much more readily be obtained at the several prisons in the different States to which they have been sent.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., January 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE,

Commanding District of Western Kentucky.

GENERAL: In compliance with your directions please find response to inquiry made by the Senate of the United States, under resolution of the 5th of December, 1862, calling on the President of the United States, if not incompatible with the public service, to report the number and names of citizens of Kentucky who have been and who are now confined in the military prisons and camps of the United states.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

12 R R - SERIES II, VOL V

