
outside of the State of Kentucky. I find on examination of the records in my office that all prisoners forwarded to camps outside of this States from this city and vicinity and all papers and charges were sent with said prisoners. Consequently it will not be in my power to give the desired information. Most of the prisoners forwarded were sent here by commanding generals, post commanders, U. S. commissioners and provost-marshals together with the charges, and forwarded as directed by the commanding general of this department. The records of Camp Chase, Camp Morton and Camp Douglas will give the names and charges of all citizens sent from this post. Not expecting to be called on for such a statement no complete record was kept in this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY DENT,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General of Kentucky.

CITY POINT, VA., January 14, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: May I have the pleasure of an early as possible interview with you? I desire to know whether in compliance with the terms of the cartel the commissioned U. S. officers now in your hands are to be released, and also what disposition has been made of the case of Mrs. Piggott who was taken from her home at Williamsburg, Va., with forty of her slaves and who is now detained at Richmond or some other place within the Confederate lines.

Major-General Dix some time since communicated with you on this case. He has received pressing applications to retaliate by the arrest and imprisonment of ladies within our lines whose avowed sentiments and conduct have been persistently disloyal to the United States Government. Can you not have this matter arranged by the prompt return of Mrs. Piggott and all her property to her home?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 14, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that there never have been received in this office the rolls of Federal prisoners of war delivered at Washington and Tarborough, N. C., and who were sent from those points to New Berne. They are designated in paragraph Iv, of General Orders, Numbers 118, War Department, August 27, 1862, as the deliveries to General Burnside at Hatteras and Fort Macon. The commissary-general of prisoners respectfully requests that if these lists are in the office of the Adjutant-General they may as soon as convenient be sent to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, U. S. Army, Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

