
should our Government so far forget its principles and its dignity as to commit so infamous as act that I would not serve it another day. Colonel Dent replied that it was bad treatment and not acting in good faith, but that he had his orders and must obey them. We were assigned beds in the hospital wards and ate at the surgeons' table.

We found in the prison hospital J. M. Alexander, surgeon Second Brigade, First Division, Army of the Mississippi; Surgeon Leak, Fourth Tennessee Regiment; N. D. Phillips, assistant surgeon Smith's battery, General Maney's brigade; J. S. Fenner, assistant surgeon Sixth Tennessee Regiment; T. R. Meux, assistant surgeon Thirty-Fourth Tennessee Regiment, and A. T. Clark, assistant surgeon Sixth Tennessee Regiment, who had been transferred from the prison to the prison hospital, which is in the same general inclosure and closely guarded. We found many of our wounded whom we took charge of.

On the day after our imprisonment we addressed a joint note to General Boyle, a copy of which was furnished by Doctor Hinkley, to which we received no reply. On Wednesday, October 29, we were ordered by General Boyle, approved by Doctor Head, post surgeon, to the prison proper, in which were 500 of our soldiers who had been paroled at and near Perryville, their money and pocket-knives having been taken from them. The money they returned to all except Morgan's men, refusing, however, to return the knives.

Whilst in the prison they gave us prison fare, and that was given from the hands of filthy and disgusting Dutchmen. On the evening of the 29th Dr. J. B. Cowan, surgeon-general Forrest's brigade, reached Louisville. Hearing of our confinement he sought an interview and complained to General Buell, who ordered our release stating that he did not know of our imprisonment. His adjutant-general, General Fry, did, but stated that he thought that we had been released long ago. General Boyle gave to Doctor Cowan as the reason for our arrest and imprisonment "that we had cut up" and used seditious language, therefore required punishment, admitting, however, that the officers who complained of Doctor Hinkley and myself were drunk. There was no complaint lodged against the other surgeons, consequently giving the lie to his first assertion. The reason assigned for imprisoning our paroled soldiers was to prevent their receiving the sympathy of the "Secesh; " that they would furnish them clothing which would enable them to stand the winter campaign. G. D. Prentice said it was to prevent their sharing the sympathies of the she-devils.

General Boyle sent a written order for us to report to Doctor Cowan at the Louisville Hotel without delay. This order we promptly obeyed, glad enough to get out of such a place. We were ordered to leave immediately and were furnished transportation through Indiana and Illinois on the cars to Cairo, where we were treated kindly by General Tuttle, who telegraphed to General Grant asking [permission] for us to pass via Memphis. He replied telling General Tuttle to pass us through his lines in ambulances. On reaching Memphis finding that we would be detained a day or more if we waited for the ambulances some citizens of Memphis kindly procured a couple of hacks for which they paid $50, and sent us to Hernando, Miss. ; there our money being good, we procured wagons and went to Coldwater station, on Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad, from which place we took cars, &amp;c., to this place.

Respectfully,

K. C. DIVINE,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

