
that point were returned to this prison and many of them (nearly or quite fifty) do not wish to be exchanged but would prefer being sent home and enroll themselves in the militia of the state of Missouri, in which State they formerly lived. Others would prefer taking the oath of allegiance and give bonds in any amount reasonable not to aid or abet by word or act the rebellion. We therefore refer the matter to you for instruction.

Your obedient servant,

J. HILDEBRAND,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MEMPHIS, TENN., January 16, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

I was just starting down the river to join the Mississippi expedition when I met some steamers loaded with prisoners ordered by Major-General Sherman to Saint Louis. I find no dispatches to myself and do not know what there may be directed to you. As I am leaving Memphis and can make no orders for the disposal of these prisoners I hope you will have the kindness to take charges of them and communicate with the General-in-Chief as to their final disposition. You can state that the last prisoners sent to Vicksburg were refused by the Southern commander there. I have received instructions from Washington that no more commissioned officers are to be paroled. This I presume is in retaliation for the course pursued by southern authorities toward our prisoners.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

P. S. - The probable reason the last prisoners were not received at Vicksburg was in consequence of the attack having commenced before their arrival. I am opposed to sending any more prisoners to Vicksburg just at this time, however, if I knew they would be received because they would go to once to re-enforce the very point we wish to reduce.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, January 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: The following paroled troops have been exchanged, vix: all officers and enlisted men delivered at City Point, Va., from November 11, 1862, to January 1, 1863; all officer and men captured at Harper's Ferry; all officers and men paroled at Winchester, Va., November 15 and 26 and December 1, 1862; all officers and men paroled by Colonel Imboden November 9, 1862, and all officers and men paroled at Goldsborough, N. C., May 22, 1862, and delivered at Washington, N. C.

These and other exchanges will be announced in orders in a few days, and in the meantime you will equip for the field without delay all of the paroled troops at your camp covered by the above exchanges. They may now be ordered to any duty.

Make requisitions immediately for arms and equipments and for clothing if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

