HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., January 16, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for the Exchange of Prisoners.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of the Richmond Enquirer* containing Jeff. Davis' message. His determination avowed in most insolent terms to deliver to the several State authorities all commissioned officers of the United States that may hereafter be captured will I think be persevered in. You will recollect that after the proclamation of Jeff. davis of the 23rd of December, 1862, I urgently advised another interview (the last one I had with Mr. Ould and in which very important exchanges were declared). I then did so anticipating that the cartel might be broken and wishing to make sure of the discharge from their parole of 10,000 of our men. This was effected, and in a manner so advantageous to our Government that we gained in the count of 20,000 exchanged about 7,000 men. I had almost equal good success in the exchange declared on November 11, 1862. If an open rupture should now occur in the execution of the cartel we are all well prepared for it. I am endeavoring to get away from Confederate prisons all our officers captured previously to the date of the message of Jeff. Davis (the 12th instant), which what success I shall know early next week.

As you may receive this copy of the message in advance of any other may I ask that it be transmitted to the Secretary of War or the General-in-Chief with the additional information conveyed in this communication to you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, January 16, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The declaration of exchanges published by Robert Ould is on his side, not ours, and does not apply to our officers and men. The declarations I gave you are correct. All sutlers and their employees are exchanged.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 16, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

About 1,000 Murfreesborough prisoners are at Richmond. Shall they be received without the officers? The flag-of-truce boat is awaiting your direction.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Colonel, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe:

Receive the Murfreesborough prisoners with or without the officers. By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Of January 15, 1863. See p. 193, for extract from the message, in Hitchcock to Stanton.

---------------

