
abuse. Be your own judge, but I shall regret the unpleasant duty which such a course will necessitate on my part.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Corinth, Miss., January 17, 1863.

Colonel RODDEY,Commanding Confederate Forces at Tuscumbia:

I herewith send by hands of one of your men a list of prisoners in my hands whom I desire to exchange for any men of this command in your hands. If it meets your approbation please return the men whom you exchange under flag of truce to Glendale, with the exchange papers signed, and I will deliver the prisoners in my hands to the flag at that place.

It is represented to me that your command has been burning the houses of and turning out the families of Alabamians who have enlisted in the U. S. service. I desire to know if this is done by your order or by your sanction. They also report the hanging of one Union man whose sons are in this army and the shooting of other for no other reason than their sentiments.

Southern families are fleeting to these lines for protection from these cruelties and depredations, some of whom I find do not even sympathize with our cause, but are driven out merely upon suspicion or because some relative has joined this army. If you purpose to drive out of your lines all Union men and their families I desire to know that fact.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Corinth.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., January 17, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a copy of a communication* this day received from Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, and a return of the officers and men at this post affected by it. Immediately on the reception of the telegram indicated I placed the exchanged men present in a separate battalion and directed all absentees to report at once in person, so that on the arrival of the orders mentioned you can dispose of these troops without delay. As so few of these men belong to any single regiment it seems certain that to arm them here would be nothing but an injury to the service. Since these troops were mustered on the 31st of December, 1862, on the same rolls with men not yet exchanged a new and separate muster before payment appears a necessity.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See Hoffman to Cooper, p. 175.

---------------

