
[Inclosure.]

Extract from the Richmond Enquirer, January 15, 1863.

* * * * *

So far as regards the action of this Government on such criminals as may attempt its execution I confine myself to informing you that I shall unless in your wisdom you deem some other course more expedient deliver to the several State authorities all commissioned officers of the United States that may hereafter be captured by our forces in any of the States providing for the punishment of criminals engaged in exciting servile insurrection. The enlisted soldiers I shall continue to treat as unwilling instruments in the commission of these crimes and shall direct their discharge and return to their homes on the proper and usual parole.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 19, 1863.

Honorable OLIVER KEYSER,

House of Representatives, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant informing me that a committee has been appointed by the Legislature of Ohio of which you are the chairman to examine into the condition of the prisoners at Camp Chase, and requesting a copy of the report of the inspection recently made under my order by Captain Lazelle, U. S. Army, and in reply I beg to say that I will direct the commander of the prison to afford every facility to the committee to investigate the management of the prison, but as the report of Captain Lazelle was only intended for this office and can have no influence on the opinion of the committee it is deemed advisable to furnish the copy desired. All orders and regulations for the government of the prison will be submitted for the consideration of the committee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: Your letter of January 15 is received and the arrangements you made for transferring troops West are generally satisfactory. In order to insure hereafter if possible that there shall be no delay when you send troops West, if you have no officer to take them through and the party is small you will send an officer with them to Baltimore to see them well started from that point and on the most direct route. If the party is over twenty-five men and there is no officer belonging to it you will detail an officer from the guard to conduct it to its destination. Always give the officer in charge special instructions and request an acknowledgment of the men and all papers from the officers to

13 R R - SERIES II, VOL V

