
whom they are delivered. Lieutenant W. Einstein, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, will report to you this afternoon and you will send under his charge to the West all men at the camp whether exchanged or on parole whose regiments are serving in the West. Those an parole will be left at Camp Chase, and he will leave there all exchanged men whose regiments are farther west to be forwarded by the commanding officer. He will himself conduct to the Army of the Cumberland at or near Nashville all exchanged men who may be placed under his command. Virginia troops will be left at wheeling and the Kentucky Home Guards at Camp Chase. You will muster for pay up to the 31st ultimo all exchanged troops at your camp and a payment will be made before they march. This does not induce the troops ordered West.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Camp near Annapolis, January 19, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose my report* for the week ending January 17, 1863, all of which I hope is in accordance with your orders except the army corps column. I find by inquiry that there are not 500 men here that know what army corps they belong to, and those even who pretend to know I find upon examination that the half of them are wrong and rather then make you a wrong report I have omitted it entirely. If the men of my camp were a sample of our Army we would have nothing but a mob of stragglers and cowards. I am convinced more and more every day that three-fourths of paroled men are stragglers and cowards. It would be well to have an order bearing strictly on stragglers so that the officers commanding companies or regiments could report those men whom they know to be stragglers, and as they arrive from Richmond or elsewhere we could deal with them accordingly.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WESTERN KENTUCKY,

Louisville, January 19, 1863.

Chaplin M. P. Gaddis, Second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, having reported to these headquarters that he was taken prisoner on the 13th day of December on the Cumberland River by the rebel General Wheeler and released on the following conditions: That upon the arrival of the steamer Hastings with wounded men at the city of Louisville, Ky., the 111 bales of cotton on the boat said to belong to private parties should be burned on the wharf of the said city and in the event of this not being done he was to report himself to the Confederate authorities within twenty days from date of parole-

Mr. Gaddis, being a non-combatant and not being a prisoner of war according to the terms of the cartel agreed upon by the representatives

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

