
of the United States and the so-called Confederate States, he is hereby positively forbid burning the aforesaid cotton and will not deliver himself up to the Confederate authorities.

Mr. Gaddis will proceed to Cincinnati at once and will report to Major General H. G. Wright, commanding the Department of the Ohio.

By command of Major-General Boyle:

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACHIAS, [ME.,] January 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington.

SIR: About eighteen months ago the Confederate steamer Sumter made prizes of several merchant vessels off the coast of Cuba and carried them to a port in the island. The officers and crews of these vessels were liberated by Captain Semmes on parole. will you be good enough to inform me whether under the recent arrangement for exchanges made by Colonel Ludlow, particularly under the eighth section of this arrangement, the officers and men referred to are or not included? I write for the benefit of certain persons residing here who are interested in the decision.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

WM. B. SMITH.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 20, 1863.

Colonel B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Commanding Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 7th instant presenting the cases of paroled Government employees who report to you I have the honor to communicate the following instructions just received from the Quartermaster-General: Civilians employed by Quartermaster's Department captured by the enemy are considered as entitled to pay until released. They should if on parole be discharged from the service on reaching the first convenient place and are entitled to receive a certificate of the material facts to enable them the establish their claim for pay until released. Those who have been exchanged can generally obtain employment from the quartermaster upon making their cases known. If they do not choose to enter the service or if not being exchanged their paroles prevent them from serving the United States there is no other course left but to discharge them. The United States cannot support them in idleness. It is not considered proper to allow them transportation to return to their homes or distant placed of employment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 20, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 15th instant. You state that Singleton was released from Alton [Prison]

