
but during our conversation he stated in answer to interrogatories that he left Canada the last of October and came to this city where he remained a day or two; that he passed the Federal lines on his way to Richmond from Washington near Lenardtown, having no pass or permission from the Federal authorities. In answer to the question, "From whom did you obtain information as to the best plan to pass through the Federal lines?" he answered, "I picked up the information about town" (Washington). That after getting into the rebel lines he proceeded to Richmond and remained at and in the vicinity of that city until about the 24th ultimo and then left with a pass from the rebel authorities for the North. He came to the Point of Rocks and crossed over and was there arrested, sent to this city and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He informed me that he carried but one letter South and that to a lady whose name he declined giving, but in a letter found on his person written by C. Q. Tompkins, a rebel officer, to Colonel Robert H. Chilton, adjutant-general in the rebel army, Captain Wynne and Captain Phillips, a British officer, are represented as gentleman highly accredited by friends in Baltimore. Captain Wynne informed me that he was at Fredericksburg before and after the battle, and he had in his possession a map of the battle drawn by Hitchkiss, of the rebel topographical engineers, on which the position of the rebel forces and the topography of the battle-ground are correctly and artistically delineated. Among the papers and letters found in his possession was one from Colonel G. W. C. Lee, the rebel secretary of Jeff. Davis, inviting him and Captain Phillips to dine; another from the said rebel Colonel Lee stating that he (colonel Lee) "will speak to General Fitz. Lee in reference to your wishes," &amp;c., and "to serve you in any respect; " another from the said rebel Colonel Lee addressed to his uncle, the rebel Captain S. S. Lee, at Drewry's Bluff, introducing Captains Wynne and Phillips, saying among other things, "I believe they are acquaintances of Miss Ellen Magruger whom they met in Canada; " another from C. Q. Tompkins, a rebel officer, to Colonel Robert H. Chilton, a rebel adjutant-general, introducing Captains Wynne and Phillips as officers of the British army, who will visit "your headquarters with the sanction of this Government; " a pass from the rebel Major-General Stuart directing guards and pickets to pass to Richmond from headquarters cavalry division Honorable F. Lawley, F. Vizetelli (London Illustrated News artists), Captains Wynne and Phillips; a pass from War Department of the Confederate States of America giving permission to Captain Wynne to visit at will thirty days, upon his honor not to communicate in writing or verbally any fact that might be injurious to the Confederate States, &c. ; a lithographic map of the battle-grounds of the Chickahominy; the Virginia ordinance of secession largely displayed, with fac similes of the signatures of the members of the convention of secessionists; photographs of the rebel President and cabinet ministers of the rebel Confederacy; a book of lithographic figures displaying the uniforms and dress of the Army of the Confederate States; a book of 215 pages of the war songs of the South and a book of 490 pages, being the pro-slavery argument as maintained by the most distinguished writers of the Southern States. Captain Wynne in answer to an interrogatory frankly and earnestly declared that his sympathies were with the rebels. The communication* of Lord Lyons is returned as requested.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

