
[Indorsement.]

I concur in the opinion expressed within and think the men referred to ought not to be exposed to the danger of falling into the hands of the enemy under the circumstances.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, January 21, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

A dispatch from Mr. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners, informs me that all officers now in the hands of the Confederates and captured before the 12th of January, the date of jeff. Davis' message, will not be released on parole but will be exchanged for those of corresponding rank. All officers captured after the 12th instant will be handed over to the Governors of the States where captured, as indicated in Jeff. Davis' message. "All non-commissioned officers and men will be released on parole as heretofore. " I am now receiving the Murfreesborough prisoners and sending them to Annapolis.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, January 21, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you communications* just received from Mr. Robert Ould, Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners; also a copy of communication of December 11. These show the condition of matters as connected with citizen prisoners. I would recommend that no civilians be released from any of our prisons togo South unless to procure exchanges. Such exchanges can be made. Before resorting to reprisals would it not be better to use up all the material for exchanges now on hand? The mail is just closing and I am obliged to write in haste.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, January 21, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: William J. Peters is released from his parole and goes up to Annapolis this afternoon with 700 Murfreesborough prisoners just received from City Point. I would recommend that no civilians be released from any of our prisons to go South unless to procure exchanges there. Such exchanges can be made. I do not think any general plan can be agreed on unless after long delay, and before resorting to reprisals we had better use up all the material for exchanges now on hand.

---------------

* Not found; but see Ould to Ludlow, January 17, p. 186, and for letter of December 11, see p. 71.

---------------

