
If you are at a loss to find equivalents you can send the parties released on parole to report to me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for the Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 21, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In answer to your note of this date I have the honor to say that Captain Wynne declined answering any and all questions touching the object of his mission to the rebel capital or who he saw, or where he lodged while in this city. I have directed him to be again brought before me and will report the result of the examination. When brought before me as stated in my report he declined making disclosures, but after a brief familiar conversation he answered a few questions and declined answering many. His confinement since the 5th instant may have impressed him with the importance of disclosing the truth and the whole truth.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, January 21, 1863.

Chaplain M. P. GADDIS, Second Ohio Volunteers Infantry.

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the 16th instant in relation to the burning of Government steamer on the Cumberland River, and to state that as seen in General Orders, Numbers 90, War Department, 1862, you as a chaplain if captured by the enemy cannot be held as a prisoner of war; that you had no authority to enter into any obligation to destroy the cotton on your arrival at Louisville.

The decision of General Boyle in relation thereto is approved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

CINCINNATI, January 23, 1863.

I desire to state in connection with the above indorsement of Brigadier-General Boyle's order that on reaching Louisville I took steps to carry out my plighted faith with the so-called Confederate States, viz, the burning of the cotton; but having first deemed it my duty to report to General Boyle was by him forbidden to do the same or to return as a prisoner of war. Believing that under the circumstances I was fully justifiable in entering into such an obligation I hereby enter my solemn protest against said orders and demand permission to carry out the intentions of the obligation.

Very respectfully,

M. P. GADDIS,

Chaplain Second Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

