
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Your letter of the 8th instant has been submitted to the Secretary of War. I have respectfully to inform you in reply that the property and papers were brought to this Department by one of your aides; that the property was delivered to Mr. Parker, your brother-in-law; that the papers were at the time sealed up and remained so still. Major L. C. Turner, judge-advocate, has been instructed to examine the papers and in a few days will return to you such as are of a private nature, retaining only such as are of a public character or important as evidence.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, January 22, 1863.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

All rebel enlisted prisoners of war should be sent to Vicksburg for exchange. If this cannot be done distribute them at Camps Morton, Douglas and Washburn, near Milwaukee. I will telegraph to the commander to notify you how many they accommodate.

By order of the General in Chief:

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 22, 1863.

Colonel W. E. DOSTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

COLONEL: Please inform me if Assistant Surgeon Green, of the Fifth Virginia Cavalry, has yet been sent to Fort Monroe. It is not desired that any more political prisoners be sent South until I hear further from Colonel Ludlow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 22, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you a copy of statement verified by oath made by Captain Wynne last evening before me at my office. He did not disclose frankly and fully but reluctantly and partially, refusing positively to disclose facts, names and circumstances of vital importance to characterize the object of his visit to Richmond. This refusal on his part is significant and stamps this surreptitious messenger to the rebel capital asa spy. It seems that Captain Phillips, of the same corps, was hi companion from Canada and while in Richmond and passed our lines without being arrested. The letter found on Captain Wynne written by a rebel officer stated that Captains Phillips and Wynne came highly accredited to the rebels from Baltimore, and although Wynne took no letters himself he reluctantly swore that Captain Phillips did take letters from Baltimore. These grenadier captains

