
belong to the same corps as Colonels Fletcher and Neville, who were with General McClellan on the Peninsula. Neville returned to England, but Fletcher went to Baltimore and then returned to Richmond and other parts South, returning to Canada I am told about five weeks since through this city.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON CITY, District of Columbia, ss:

Edward Wynne upon oath makes the following statement: I am lieutenant and captain of the Grenadier Guards, in Canada, and a British subject. I left Montreal about the 27th of October last for New York. I stopped in New York at the Brevoort House and staid there five days. From New York I went to Baltimore and staid there till the 17th of November and stopped at Guy's Hotel. I saw in Baltimore General Morris, commandant of the fort, Mr. William Brune, Mr. Weld, two Messrs. Gilmore and Captain Balfour, an English officer. I had a letter of introduction to Mr. William. Brune from his brother, John C. Brune, in Canada. I had also a letter of introduction to Mr. W. Wilkins Glenn, of Baltimore, from an English officer in Canada, and I had letters to no other persons in Baltimore. I had a letter to Colonel Browner in New York, an English officer, which I did not deliver, and letters to no other persons in New York. From Baltimore I went to Washington City and stopped at Willard's Hotel for dinner but did not sleep in Washington. I had letters to no one in Washington and I saw no one in Washington to converse with save Mr. Weld, of Baltimore, or rather near Cumberland. I went back to Baltimore the evening of the same day I came to Washington. I left Baltimore the second time on the 17th of November last in company with Captain Guy Phillips, an English officer in the Grenadrier Guards. Captain Phillips left Canada with me and traveled with me. We left Baltimore on the 17th on a steamer and went to Kent Island, where we staid till evening and then went on board a smack, which we hired to take us into the mouth of Patuxent River. We landed at the mouth of the Patuxent river after about four days' sailing. At Patuxent River we hired a two-horse wagon and driver to take us to the Potomac River near Piney Point and the night after leaving Patuxent River we crossed over the Potomac near Piney Point. After crossing the river we hired another conveyance that took us to Farnham. We slept there and then hired another conveyance to take us to the Rappahannock River. We slept that night about a mile on the other side at a place called Center Cross. The next day we went to the White House and the next day to Richmond by the cars, which was the 26th of November. I decline to answer whom we consulted as to the best way of getting from Baltimore to Richmond, and I decline telling who advised us how to go or the best way of going or aided or assisted us in going, but several persons were consulted and several persons advised us but the names I decline giving. I took no letters from Baltimore to Richmond, but Captain Phillips did, but how many I know not. The day I spent in Washington I did not visit any of the camps or fortifications. I only went about town and to the Capitol. Captain Phillips did not accompany me to Washington but he came over to Washington the afternoon of the day that I came over and returned to Baltimore the next. When I left Canada with Captain Phillips we had an idea of going to Richmond and

