
we matured our plans for going while in Baltimore, although we made up our minds to go when in New York. We stopped first in Richmond at the Spotswood and then at the Exchange Hotel. I saw and conversed with General Stuart, Colonel [G. W.] Custis Lee, the officers of General Stuart's staff, Colonel Brown, Major-General Lee, Colonel Baldwin and other rebel officers. We went to Drewry's Bluff and to Fredericksburg while staying at Richmond, having passes from the rebel authorities. We dined with Colonel [G. W.] Custis Lee and with General Stuart, but no rebel officers dined with us. Captain Phillips and myself left Richmond together and went to the Point of Rocks, having passes from the rebel authorities. Captain Phillips crossed over first alone and was not arrested. I followed him about 7 p. m. and was arrested. This was on Sunday, the 27th of December last. I took no letters from Richmond to any person North and I have no knowledge that Captain Phillips did. We avoided that as we knew it was a dangerous thing to do.

ED. WYNNE,

Lieutenant and Captain Grenadier Guards.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of January, 1863.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 23, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.

GENERAL: The prisoners are arriving here and what to do with them is a difficult question. I have them on Arsenal Island without shelter. I am obliged to put them where a small guard will do for I have sent everything down to help you in the down-river matters.

* * * *

With my best wishes for your success, I remain, general, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 23, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington:

Adjutant-general of Indiana reports room for 2,000 prisoners but no guard. We have barracks here but no guard for 6,000 prisoners. I have them at Arsenal Island still on their boats. Shall I have sheds built on island? Will you take charge of them? It is not in my power to make them safe and comfortable.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, January 23, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Send your prisoners to Camps Douglas and Morton; the former can receive 4,000 and the latter 2,000. General Wright will furnish guard.

