
they were captured. They were then placed in open boats and without overcoats and very poorly dressed were brought here, half famished with cold, exposure and hunger. For the first two days they were furnished with food by the citizens, consisting of meats, poultry, vegetables, fruits and pastries of great varieties. The result of this imprudence was in addition to the large sick list which they brought with them the great majority of both regiments were attacked within a few days with camp diarrhea. Immediately after their arrival typhoid pneumonia, under which the rebels had suffered so severely at Bowling Green, broke out among them in its, most malignant form. Tippecanoe Hospital and the hospital at Welsh's Hall were opened on February 25, 1862, and both were filled immediately with patients, and by the 10th of March 140 patients had been received into the hospitals and at least 50 more were under treatment in the barracks, as hospital room could not be procured for them. I kept a list of all the patients returned cured and also of the deceased, but it was lost during my visit to Corinth and consequently I cannot give you quite so accurate an account of the second month. The first month would average 150 patients per day, while perhaps the second month would not average more than 50 or 60 per day, and the last ten or twelve days would not average more than 20. I had during the entire time not only to prescribe for the patients in both hospitals (which were located one mile apart) and in the barracks but put up the prescription myself, which consumed my entire time and was exceedingly laborious. I trust that my claim will not suffer any further reduction, as the whole amount would scarcely compensate me for the labor and toil of the first month. Although I applied for an assistant surgeon and had the promise of one I had neither assistant surgeon nor apothecary at any time.

Yours, respectfully

Surgeon.

LOUISVILLE, January 23, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: On the recent passage of the steamer Hastings down the Cumberland on the 13th instant she was attacked and captured by a squadron of rebel cavalry under command of Colonel Wade. It was the intention of the captors to regularly parole all on board; but as much time would be required to accomplish this work they finally determined to take the lists of the sick and wounded in possession of the surgeon in charge and report them to the Confederate authorities as regularly paroled prisoners on condition that the surgeon would so consider them and so report them to the Federal authorities. As it seemed evident that nothing could be gained by a refusal to enter into this arrangement it was readily agreed to. There being no list of the commissioned officers one was made out and they were required to stand in line and with uplifted hand to take the parole. After its administration they were informed that the surgeon in charge would furnish them with such papers as would show that they had been made prisoners of war and regularly paroled. this, however, the surgeon subsequently refused to do on the ground that he was in charge only of the wounded from certain hospitals; that having furnished the lists of these he had fulfilled his part of the agreement, and as the names of the officers did not appear on these lists they were not under his care and he had nothing to do with them.

