
Thus the matter stands. A dozen or more Federal officers have been reported to the Confederate authorities as paroled prisoners of war and they are without the papers needful to establish the fact. The case as presented then involves a question of military law of which I cannot pretend to be a judge. I report the facts as briefly as I can and in behalf of all concerned respectfully ask the attention of the proper authority to a consideration of them.

Very respectfully,

L. H. RALSTON,

Captain Company C, Third Kentucky Volunteers.

CHICAGO, January 23, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Camp Douglas will accommodate 300 wounded and 3,000 to 4,000 well prisoners. The troops there are without arms but requisition has been made for a supply. Camp Washington, at Milwaukee, and Camp Randall, at Madison, Wis., both full. One thousand prisoners could be taken care of at Prairie du Chien and 1,000 at Oshkosh, Wis. notify me if any are sent to either place.

J. A. POTTER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CHICAGO, January 23, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Colonel Cameron is still at Camp Douglas though under orders. Plenty of troops in Wisconsin to guard prisoners there.

J. A. POTTER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 24, 1863.

Colonel LOOMIS,

Commanding at Fort Columbus, New York Harbor:

You will produce before Judge Sutherland the man Peter Miller, in respect to whom a writ of habeas corpus is pending, whenever you are notified to do so by any judicial authority. It is the desire of the Department to have no dispute in his case. I have also directed the provost-marshal-general to inform you when he should be produced.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, January 24, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have formerly discharged prisoners of war who seem worthy and willing to renounce rebel service, no United States order conflicting. I ask the discretionary power. Some 200 of the Murfreesborough prisoners desire to take the oath.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

