
CAMP BUTLER, Illinois, January 24, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

Have the prisoners captured at Lexington under Colonel Mulligan been exchanged?

W. F. LYNCH,

Colonel Fifty-eighth Illinois.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, January 24, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I perceive an announcement of the arrival at Cairo of nearly 5,000 prisoners captured at Arkansas Post. Will you please inform me how many commissioned officers there are among them and send me a list of their names, rank, &amp;c.? You are aware that the Confederate authorities have refused to release our captured officers on parole and intend to hand over to the Governors of the States where captured all taken after the 12th instant. This latter intention indicated by Jeff. Davis in his message is now under debate in the Confederate Congress, but I have no doubt that it will be carried out. An officer captured before the 12th instant will not be paroled but exchanged so that if our military authorities consent to the arrangement we can only get such officers released by releasing Confederate officers to procure the exchange of a special equivalent. What are you doing toward releasing citizen prisoners to procure special equivalents?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for the Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -I inclose to you a copy of a communication from Mr. Ould. Have we not citizen prisoners captured by our officers who can be at once sent here for exchange for those taken by General Stuart? Please inform me.

W. H. L.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, January 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I have nothing new to add to my former communication to you in relation to the release of citizen prisoners. The Confederate Government is willing to adopt any fair and reciprocal rule. If you will release citizen prisoners captured by your generals in their raids into Confederate territory we will most cheerfully release such as have been captured by us including those taken by General Stuart. Is there anything unreasonable in this position? I know nothing about Henry Voegler whom you propose for William J. Peters. Peters need not return. I will inquire if we can receive Voegler for Peters. If not, I will hereafter suggest some name to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CINCINNATI, January 24, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Three hundred and fifty of Confederate wounded can be accommodated at Camp Dennison and the medical director has been directed to

