
and give bond for the performance of their promise; also to enroll in the Enrolled Missouri Militia. Amongst those pressing this matter is Judge A. Leonard, of Fayette, whom I personally know and esteem. He requests the release of the sincerely penitent who have never before been in arms and who will enroll and give bond. I understand from General Curtis that he is in favor of so dealing with them. Will it not be better to select out from the mass those who will probably conduct themselves in a loyal manner in the future if their first offense be passed over? My wish is to take that course with them, but I consider it due to you that I present the matter to you before taking any steps. My aim will be not to release any one unless I believe that he will honestly keep his engagements, which I will secure by a good bond. May I ask, general, that you will give this your early consideration and reply to this as soon as practicable.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 3, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WM. H. LUDLOW, Commanding at Fort Monroe.

COLONEL: You will please communicate with Mr. Ould the intention of the War Department to escort to the lines all ladies and their children who desire to join their husbands and relatives who make proper application previous to the 16th instant. It is proposed to send them from this city about the 25th instant. Please make such arrangements as will obviate detention.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 3, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: J. J. Clarkson, of Dade County, Mo., is now a prisoner in the jail of this county. He is held upon an indictment found against him in the U. S. circuit court. As a rebel officer he was engaged in the battle at Lexington, Mo., in September, 1861. His indictment is based upon his service in the rebel army, under the late act of Congress, for conspiracy. He claims to be a colonel in the C. S. Army. He was commissioned July, 1861, by C. F. Jackson as Governor of Missouri, as colonel Fifth Infantry Missouri State Guard. He states that he was transferred from the infantry Missouri State Guard to cavalry C. S. Army and carried his rank with him. He was never formally commissioned by any one in the Confederate service but was constantly recognized as a colonel in the Confederate Army by Generals Van Dorn and Hindman under both of whom he served. The evidence he produces shows that he acted in the C. S. Army as a colonel, and after his transfer from the Missouri State Guard received no orders from General Price. In March, 1862, he was authorized by General Van Dorn to raise a battalion of six companies of cavalry for the war, and a majority of the regiment which he commanded when captured were from Arkansas. He was captured in July, 1862, with about fifty of his men in the Cherokee

