
and by any means the agents of Jefferson Davis should become apprised of the fact I would be powerless for good. As it is many would regard my proposals as dishonorable, but against treason and rebellion all means are honorable. At present I possess the unlimited confidence of all the rebel agents and commissioned.

Hoping soon to hear from you upon the subjects contained in this hurried and imperfect note,

I remain, honorable, sir, with the highest consideration, your most obedient servant,

B. WARD.

Address care of Astor House, New York.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 25, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

Prisoners of war (not officers) who ask to take the oath of allegiance may in your discretion be released.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, January 25, 1863.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

GENERALS: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd instant* reacting to the case of Doctor Rucker, with its [inclosure!]. I sincerely regret that his case has been so long neglected, as many opportunities have bene presented since his arrest to procure his liberation or exchange. Governor Letcher, of Virginia, is assuming power and performing acts in gross violation of the cartels, so much so that Mr. Ould has spoken to me on the subject in tones of regret and at the same time hinted that the was powerless to remedy. There is a continual clashing and conflict and authority going on in Virginia between the State and Confederate authorities. The latter are afraid to quarrel openly with the former and would let Letcher have his own way with Doctor Rucker. I would earnestly recommend that some Confederate medical officer or prominent citizen of Virginia now in our hands (if we are so fortunate as to have a hostage to present as an alternative. I am satisfied that nothing but most vigorous measures can be efficient in such a case. Colonel Hoffman may know of some suitable prisoner for a hostage and I would be glad to be furnished with his name, as I shall meet Mr. Ould in a few days.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, January 25, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: Your letters of the 23rd have been received.

1. J. A. Flagg will be sent off by to-morrow's boat.

2. I prefer to retain the settlers until I see you.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

