
These men are released on their parole of honor. The list* of names please find inclosed.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, January 26, 1863.

Colonel HAWKINS,

Commanding Escort of Confederate Prisoners at Alton:

You will ascertain what privates among the prisoners under your control desire to take the oath of allegiance and renounce the rebel service. And those who do so desire you will leave under proper guard upon the boats at Alton. The rest you will immediately send on to Chicago. Show this to Colonel Hildebrand.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, January 26, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the papers which were referred to me from your office in relation to the destruction of public property at Chicago, Ill., by paroled troops, together with a report on the same matter made to me by Colonel D. Cameron, commanding the camp, as required by my order+ of the 22nd ultimo, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.

By the report of the Board of Survey which inquired into the value of the property destroyed at Camp Douglas it is shown that the loss amounts to $7,652. 70. Of this amount it is stated in the report of Colonel Cameron that the troops as a body are responsible for $2,169. 65. For the balance no known person is responsible. The proceedings of the court of inquiry which investigated the circumstances of the destruction of this property are not furnished.

I would respectfully recommend that the troops who were at the camp when the property was destroyed be required to reimburse the loss to the Government. The following troops were at the camp at the time, viz: One hundred and eleventh New York, Colonel Segoine, aggregate 829; One hundred and twenty-sixth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Bull, aggregate 787; Company A, Fifth New York Artillery, Captain Graham, aggregate 94; Company F, Fifth New York Artillery, Captain McGrath, aggregate 121; Thirty-second Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Swinney, aggregate 576; Sixtieth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Hixon, aggregate 861, since mustered out of service; First Indiana Battery, Captain Rigby, aggregate 50; Fifteenth Indiana Battery, Captain Von Sehlen, aggregate 83; detachment Eighth New York Cavalry, aggregate 79; detachment Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, aggregate 97, and detachment First Maryland Cavalry, aggregate 31. Of these Colonel Cameron states that the Thirty-second and Sixtieth

---------------

*Omitted.

+See Hoffman to Cameron, p. 110.

---------------

