
Ohio, First Indiana Battery and Eighth New York Cavalry took the most active part. I have given the numbers present.

By the report of the Board of Survey which inquired into the leaving of the property at Camp Tyler it appears that the value of the property destroyed cost the Government $7,937. 84. For this it appear as by the report of Colonel Cameron that the One hundred and fifteenth New York, Colonel Sammon, aggregate 849, is mainly responsible, and I respectfully recommend that they should be required to refund this amount.

No report is made by Colonel Cameron of the tools and quartermaster's stores destroyed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, January 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: I inclose herewith a letter* addressed to General Hitchcock requesting that inquiries may be made for Major E. F. Blake, Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, and the general wishes me to ask of you the favor to learn if possible through Mr. Ould whether he has ever been in their hands and what has been his fate. The general desires that you will return this letter to him with an indorsement which will show to the friends of Major Blake what has been done to get race of him. I have frequent applications of this kind and have intended asking you to furnish me with a list of such officers or soldiers as may now be in their hospitals. Among the many sick and wounded who have fallen into their hands there may be still a number living who have not been well enough to be delivered for exchange. When paroled prisoners are delivered at Annapolis it will be only necessary for their commander to notify Colonel Sangster, the commander at Camp Parole, of their arrival, and he will send an officer and guard to receive them. I am preparing rolls of citizens held by us who may be offered for exchange and hope to send them down to-morrow. You can select from the rolls or you may permit Mr. Ould to select such person as are acceptable and they will be immediately forwarded to you, or if Mr. Ould prefers it those in the West can be delivered there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, January 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

Can medicine be sent to our citizen prisoners at Richmond? When will sutlers and their employees be released? Rebel prisoners of war are ordered from Tennessee to City Point for exchange.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

