
FORT MONROE, January 26, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington.

Shall I not retain here for the present Asst. Surg. J. C. Green, Confederate prisoner, as hostage for Surgeon Rucker, threatened with death by the authorities of Virginia? Rucker's case is the one referred to the General-in-Chief by the President on the 20th instant.

W. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 10. Memphis, Tenn., January 26, 1863.

I. It being a violation of the provisions of the Dix-Hill cartel to parole prisoners at any other points than those designated in said cartel except by agreement between the generals commanding the opposing forces no paroles hereafter given to Federal soldiers in violation of such provisions of said cartel will be respected.

II. Officers or soldiers who by straggling from their commands are captured and paroled will at once be arrested and brought to trial before a court-martial.

III. Guerrillas or Southern soldiers caught in the uniforms of Federal soldiers will not be treated as organized bodies of the enemy but will be closely confined and held for the action of the War Department. Those caught within the lines of the Federal Army in such uniforms or in citizen's dress will be treated as spies.

IV. Officers, soldiers and citizens are prohibited from purchasing horses, mules or military clothing from anyone connected with the Army without special authority. In order that improper and dishonest appropriation of captured property may be prevented commanding officers will exercise vigilance in enforcing this order and report every violation of it, to the end that offenders may be summarily punished.

V. Steam-boats are prohibited from carrying stock of any description North without permits granted by division or army corps commanders or the provost-marshal-general, and violations of this restriction will be punished at the discretion of a military commission.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The attention of this Department has unofficially been invited by the British pro-consul at Philadelphia to the condition of the cells in which prisoners are confined in Fort Delaware. The occasion of his communication to which I have had access was a visit to the fort which he made in connection with two of his countrymen who are there confined as deserters or enlisted men.

The granite walls of the dungeons are represented to be wet with moisture, the stone floor damp and cold, the air impure and deathly, no bed or couches to lie upon and offensive vermin crawling in every direction. It is also represented that the prisoners are allowed no water with which to wash themselves or change of clothing and are on every side surrounded by filth and vermin.

