
Although I have no doubt that these representations are exaggerated I have taken the liberty to make them known to you.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

The Secretary of War directs that you retain Surg. J. C. Green as a hostage for Surgeon Rucker.

Confederate officers will not for the present be exchanged for specific equivalents.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report* made pursuant to your instructions of the 8th ultimo by General H. G. Wright, commanding Department of the Ohio, accompanied by a list of citizens of the State of Kentucky who have been and are now confined in the military prisons and camps of the United States outside of the line of said State, with a statement of the charges against them, by whom made and by whose order the arrests were made. This report was made to furnish the information called for by a resolution of the Senate adopted on the 5th of December, 1862. To simplify the list I have caused the names of all not noted as released to be entered in separate lists for the two prisons. Some of them have been released since the date of General Wright's letter, and they are so noted. I have also had prepared and submit here with lists of citizens of Kentucky held at Camp Chase, Sandusky and Alton whose names do not appear on the list of General Wright, he having no control over the Alton Prison and the arrests at the other prisons having been made since the date of his report. I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy+ of the Senate's resolution calling for the report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 27, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Please inform this office if within your knowledge whether charges have been preferred against Captain R. W. Baylor, Twelfth Virginia

---------------

*See p. 177 for Wright to Stanton inclosing reports of General Boyle and Colonel Dent.

+Omitted here; see p. 27.

---------------

