
H. Child, of Alabama, who wishes to be exchanged that he may go home, and being a very gentlemanly man I think you may make a good exchange for him. He is in this city, recently released from Fort Lafayette. The Mr. Price now on parole in Baltimore who applies for an exchange might be exchanged for a Doctor Thatcher, of Greenbrier, Va., who I am told is held at Richmond. I inclose two lists* of prisoners in confinement in Richmond given to me by persons recently released. They may be of service to you in making up the exchanges. We hold at Fort Lafayette I believe Zarvona alias Mr. Thomas, who attempted to capture a steamboat at Baltimore, who I understand is a man of note with the rebels, and that they hold seven officers in close confinement as hostages for him. I don't know whether this man is for exchange but I will in inquire and let you know. Is it true that they are in our debt over 150 prisoners who should have been released from Salisbury? I hear that Mr. Wood said so, and he I believe represents that they would give the seven officers and the prisoners at Salisbury for Zarvona. I have no faith in this story. I mention it to get at the truth. I send you some rolls* of Kentucky prisoners at Sandusky and Camp Chase that you may ascertain if they can be exchanged for our people who are held at Richmond; those marked under sentence could not be exchanged. We have other prisoners of the same class from all the border States, and if you can negotiation exchange it will be a great blessing to those who are suffering in their horrible prisons. I will send you full rolls if you think exchanges can be made and the prisoners selected can be sent down immediately. I have called on the provost-marshal in this city for a list of the prisoners at the Old Capitol and will forward it to you as soon as it is received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 27, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

A Richmond paper of this morning gives the information that Jeff. Davis' retaliatory proclamation is strongly opposed in the Confederate Congress. W. L. Yancey has made a speech against it.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

(Copy of Honorable Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.)

GENERAL HOSPITAL Numbers 17,

Nashville, Tenn., January 27, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on January 13, 1863, as surgeon in charge, I started with 212 wounded and sick soldiers of the U. S. Army on the steamer Hastings on the Cumberland River bound for Louisville, Ky. At Harpeth Shoals on that same day the boat was captured by the Confederate forces after being fired upon by artillery and musketry, the hospital flag flying. The lists of about 212 soldiers and officers from General Hospitals Numbers 8, Numbers 15 and Numbers 6, Nashville, Tenn., were taken and the boat and men permitted to proceed only on

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

