
FORT MONROE, January 28, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Our prisoners can receive medical and other supplies. Send them to me. I expect all the sutlers and employees to be deliver next week. Where are the Arkansas Post prisoners? Jefferson Davis' retaliatory proposition is strongly opposed in Confederate Congress and I now think will not be carried out.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, January 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW:

I will mail the rolls to-day. Post of Arkansas prisoners are held at Western camps till they can be sent to Vicksburg. Please exchange Brigadier General August Willich, captured at Murfreesborough December 31.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, January 28, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have just received the inclosed communications from Captain William Gramm and others. They are addressed to the secretary of War and if it be necessary you can hand them to him. The subject-matter has been brought to the attention of the President by Governor Letcher, and I understand that he has directed his private secretary to examine into and report the facts. Will you please furnish me with the facts? I must have them to act understandingly upon and would be glad to receive them as soon as possible. If the Confederate officers are at hard labor as alleged what is the offense?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

PENITENTIARY, Richmond, Va., January 4, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor of addressing this communication from out of the penitentiary to you for the purpose of giving you information that myself and Lieutenant Isaac A. Wade, both of the Eighth Regiment West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, U. S. Army, are held here in close confinement at hard labor by order of Governor Letcher, of Virginia, as hostages for Captain Daniel Dusky and Lieutenant Jacob Varner, both commissioned by him and reported to be held in close confinement at hard labor in the penitentiary at Washington, D. C. We were taken prisoners of war by Major-General Cox, commanding into Logan County, W. Va., ordered by Major-General Cox, commanding the District of Kanawha. My command consisted of 70 men and 3 commissioned officers, of which 11 enlisted men, Lieutenant Wade and myself were captured.

