
some of them conscripts, and all have expressed their wish on being questioned thereto to take the oath of allegiance and be discharged. In view of your memorandum instructions of January 26 I desire your orders in regard to the disposition I shall make of them. There prisoners expressed their desire to Colonel Hawkins while under his charge to be released on oath and therefore he landed them here and delivered them into my charge. Afterwards being each questioned by my orders all stated that they did not wish to be exchanged, but preferred to take the oath. I recommend that they be released on the terms they request. The Gratiot Street Prison is very much crowded and I desire to ease it as soon as possible in this way. There are also prisoners of war for exchange to the number of about 130-sent from Springfield and elsewhere-in Gratiot Street Prison. What disposition shall I make of them; forward them to Camp Douglas? What disposition is to be made of the Arkansas Post prisoners remaining on the J. J. Roe? The Nebraska and Gaty have gone to Alton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

New Orleans, La., January 28, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Port Hudson, La.

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that there are in this department 376 Confederate prisoners of war enrolled for exchange. All the requisite arrangements upon the part of the United States having been complied with it remains for you to designate the time when you will deliver the like number of Federal prisoners of war in exchange at the place agreed upon in the cartel between the United States and the Confederate Government.

If possible please give this your immediate attention and return answer by the bearer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. KILLBORN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal of New Orleans, La.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 30, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major General C. C. Augur, commanding, &amp;c., who will please send a communication of the same purport as the within to the commanding officer of the Confederate forces at Port Hudson over his own signature.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, January 29, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 15th instant to General Foster I beg to state that I am informed that the circumstances

