
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. DICK, Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of 20th and 21st instant. * I was not aware that there was necessarily so much delay in investigating the cases of prisoners sent to Alton, and to guard against the possibility of the release of those whose cases have not been acted on I will give instructions to the commanding officer of the prison to release none such without first calling my attention to their position. But that he may act advisedly in such cases it will be necessary that you should furnish him with full rolls with charges for his guidance. On the application of Colonel Lowe, commanding Fort Henry, you will send him Alexander Holsapple, of Colloway County, Ky., a prisoner in your charge, to be by him discharged. Orders have been issued for the release of John H. Dameron. I cannot authorize the release of Thomas Maxwell (or Maxfied) without a report in his case. I have the case of Enoch Harding, a prisoner at Johnson's Island, under consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SAINT LOUIS, January 29, 1863.

Colonel R. J. EBERMAN,

Assistant Provost-Marshal, Macon County, Mo.

COLONEL: In answer to your letter of inquiry of January 22 I have to reply that all persons returning from the rebel service are at once to be arrested and placed in custody. If they desire to be released on oath and bond you may investigate their cases and upon being satisfied that their return is honest and that they (really tired of the rebel service) desire to become loyal citizens you are authorized to release them on oath of allegiance and approved bond with two sureties in a sum not less than $1,000. None are to be released who have previously taken and broken the oath, but are to be forwarded to Saint Louis with all the evidence against them. You will have to exercise much care an discretion in preventing the return of recruiting officers, spies and those who may desire to make trouble in future raids.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives January 30, 1863.

Resolved, that the General-in-Chief of the Army be directed to inform the House of Representatives whether any rebel officers captured by the Army of the United States have been granted parole since the proclamation of Jefferson Davis refusing to parole or exchange captured officers of Union regiments.

---------------

*Letter of the 21st not found.

---------------

