
Orders, Numbers 10, issued from the War Department on the 10th January, 1863, applies only to persons taken in arms. Sailors captured on merchant vessels and paroled must be exchanged for persons of a similar class taken from the enemy's vessels or for other civilians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, January 31, 1863.

Surg. L. D. WATERMAN,

39th Indiana Vols., Hospital Numbers 17, Nashville, Tenn.

SIR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the capture of the steamer Hastings by the Confederates while conveying sick and wounded under your charge to Louisville. He directs me to say that no prisoners can be considered as properly paroled except those delivered in accordance with the terms of the cartel published in General Orders, Numbers 142, War Department, series 1862. The men under your charge will not therefore be considered as paroled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH,Corinth, Miss., February 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

I herewith forward roll* of prisoners taken from this command in accordance with the instructions of your communication of January 22, 1863. I give all particulars far as I have them. The enemy are in the habit of paroling men and sending them North without living up to the Dix-Hill cartel, and we have no mode of preventing it. The men accept the parole and make for home.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., February 1, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit you a roll* of the paroled men at this post for the month of January, 1863, as required by your instructions, containing 75 commissioned officers present, 16 commissioned officers absent, 818 enlisted men present,971 enlisted men absent, 1,880 aggregate.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

