HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have completed my arrangements at Annapolis for the receiving of paroled men from Richmond. The new Government barracks built at Annapolis abel to accommodate 2,000 men has been put to the use of paroled men arriving from Richmond and every arrangement will be made for their comfort. Cooking stoves will be put up to-morrow when we can give them food at once and that property cooked. This will satisfy the men better than anything else on their arrival. I can keep them there until I get every comfort for them provided and then remove them to camp. These barracks will be the finest feature in my command and hereafter I will have things so arranged that there can be no complaint on the arrival of men. We never had a complaint after we got the men made comfortable. All our trouble has been on their arrival. Some of the poor fellows would drop down from want of food as well as from the effects of prison life long before they could reach my camp, but this will never occur again. The Government barracks have just been put up and they are boarded on the sides and have pitched roofs, good floors, with kitchens, officers' quarters and all that is needed for comfort. Three or four of the buildings are not yet completed inside. these I will complete with an eye to the comfort and convenience of my paroled men. I hope, colonel, that these arrangements will be satisfactory to you, as I know it is to General Schenck by his granting my request thus to use the new barracks. I inclose you a copy of my order* to Colonel Charles Gilpin, who will command the guard in Annaplis, as well as the guard at Camp Parole and along the line of railroad. Captain F. J. Keffer, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant J. E. Doughty, Second U. S. Sharpshooters, have been detailed in accordance with your request. A copy of the order I inclose. I have also received an order from the commander-in-chief ordering Captain Ames, brigade commissary, as commissary at my camp. A copy of the order I inclose. Major Given is still with me but I have received no order for his being detailed here. The major as well as myself is very anxious to know what is to be done with him.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure No. 1.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 29. Baltimore, Md., January 29, 1863.

* * * *

7. By authority of the War Department Captain F. J. Keffer, Seventy-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Second Lieutenant James E. Doughty, Second Regiment U. S. Sharpshooters, exchanged prisoners of war, now at Parole Camp, near Annapolis, are hereby detailed for duty with the paroled prisoners, and will report in person to Lieutenant Colonel George Sangster, commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

