
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 46. Washington, January 28, 1863.

* * * *

2. Captain George L. Ames, brigade commissary of subsistence of volunteers, will proceed to Annapolis, Md., and report for duty to the commanding officer of Camp Parole at that place.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you complete rolls* of 981 men which arrived here from Richmond on the 29th and 30th of January in charge of Captain Mulford, Third Regiment New York Volunteers. I had the pleasure of an interview with him on the 30th at which time he reported to me, I then being in command of Annapolis as well as Camp Parole. I found him to be a gentleman and ready to do anything for the comfort of our paroled men and the forwarding of business of this office. I gave him a blank to make out his rolls on so as to conform with your orders and save the loss of time in making the proper rolls for you, which will be done hereafter. He will be here again on Wednesday with more men. I do hope I will have clothing by that time to clothe the men which I have got and those who will be here on Wednesday. These men are the best I have ever received from Richmond and I attribute it to the fact that they are soldiers and not stragglers. They are satisfied to wait the will of the Government, believing we are doing the best we can for their comfort. But, oh! what a sad condition they are in. It would have made one's heart sick to have seen them when they arrived here, but all they said was give us a loaf of bread; we will wait for anything else. I also had to provision the men on the transports to enable them to return. They being in the storm for three days used up all their rations.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 1,1 863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Have returned from Cincinnati. It is advisable to send wounded rebel prisoners to Camp Morton. Have telegraphed General Rosecrans to this effect.

H. W. FREEDLEY.
HEADQUARTERS, Hilton Head, S. C., February 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your consideration certified copies of a correspondence had with General Mercer,
---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

