
United States taken prisoners of war to be turned over for punishment as before recited to the authorities of the several States in which they may have been taken.

Under these circumstances and until this policy in violation of all the rules of war amongst civilized nations be distinctly and practically repudiated I announce to you that all commissioned officers of your service now prisoners, or here after to become so, in my hands will be kept in close confinement and held answerable with their lives for the safety of my officers who are prisoners, and that I will not discharge or entertain applications for discharging upon any pretext whatever any citizens or residents of Georgia, South Carolina or Florida now in my hands or who may hereafter be captured by coastwise expeditions and incursions. Regretting that a previous departure from the recognized rules of civilized warfare on the side of your authorities should compel this retaliatory declaration and the acts to follow it on my part,

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., February 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: There are now about 3,900 prisoners in this camp. Many of them are sick and nearly all poorly clothed and without blankets. As the weather is cold there must be a good deal of suffering. A number profess to be conscripts forced into the service and request to be allowed to take the oath of allegiance. They say they do not wish to be exchanged as they are determined not to go into the rebel service again. I have no instructions and can find none in this office on these points.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., February 2,1 863.

A. LINCOLN, President:

Armed resistance to arrest of deserters was made yesterday. This is a practical issue where the military authority is clearly paramount. There must be more ample authority by law or otherwise while this Congress is in session. I shall send all but the soldiers arrested to the grand jury, U. S. court, this day. Prompt and decided action is required.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Colonel Eighteenth Infantry, Commandant.

HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that there are now at the general hospital at Annapolis, Md., some 350 men who came in with the men from Richmond on the 29th and 30th of January. They are afflicted with a variety of diseases, but a great number with broken legs and

