
arms, others bruised badly internally and externally, caused by an accident on leaving Richmond. While crossing a bridge the bridge gave way and some thirty were drowned; the others in the condition as stated above. As soon as I get the facts gathered I will report the same to you.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, and obediently, yours,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

RICHMOND, February 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: Your communications of the 31st have been received.

1. I will meet you at 1 p. m. on Tuesday, the 10th of February.

2. At the present hurried moment I cannot lay my hands on what you term my "proposition of the 19th instant for the release of citizen prisoners. " If it was that all citizen prisoners on both sides are to be released it meets my post hearty approbation. I will immediately take men as to have all in our custody ready for delivery.

3. Sutlers, sutler's clerks and employees will be treated as heretofore.

4. When we meet we will talk over the case of the Robinsons.

5. As to the Fredericksburg officers I have already written you.

6. I will inquire into the case of Captain Harris and conform to the rules we have established.

7. There is much difficulty in the case of Doctor Rucker. He is charged with such crimes as you could never say were ordered to be perpetrated by your Government. He has not been tried at all. Do you mean to assert that if an officer or private commits an outrage not warranted by the usages of war or by his orders that he is not amenable to our laws if he is captured? Suppose he has committed a crime in direct violation of the orders of his Government. Is he then also to have our immunity? You have stated your proposition too broadly. With qualifications I have no disposition to contest it.

8. All the officers and men who have been declared exchanged will be delivered to you as speedily as possible.

9. I will make inquiries about Major Blake and George W. Bryant and let you know.

10. We have heard nothing as to the whereabouts of the officers and men captured on the Harriet Lane. I have not sufficient time to send the parties for whom you have asked in the train that leaves to-morrow morning but will hasten matters as much as possible. I hope you will be urgent in furthering the delivery of all officers and men whom we have declared exchanged. You have many hundreds in your prisons. Your agreement as to them and citizen prisoners will release all.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a complete roll of 306 men from Richmond, which arrived here on the 30th of January in charge of Captain Mulford, Third Infantry New York Volunteers, who are now at the barracks in Annapolis and not accounted for in my monthly

