
return nor in my seven-day report. Their condition is such that I could not take them to camp and this accounts for their not being entered on the seven-day and monthly returns; and I hope the clothing will arrive soon for they will need a complete outfit. I have some of them wrapped in blankets instead of pants. There are now 200,000 suits at Philadelphia and I do not see why they delay a shipment, and especially for such men as these. The blankets they had when they reached Richmond they had to make shirts of for the enemy's soldiers, and the tailors found among our men by them were forced to make the shirts out of our soldiers' clothing.

With this I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, February 3, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Not remembering the extent of your verbal instructions I repeat the question, Shall rebel surgeons be refused parole under the order of December 30?

ROBT. S. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., February 3, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

Rebel surgeons, prisoners of war, are to be treated as provided in the cartel so long as the enemy observes the cartel in respect to medical officers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., February 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The rebels have been in the habit in utter violation of the terms of the cartel of paroling and releasing our prisoners without delivering either at Aiken's Landing, Vicksburg or any other place agreed upon between myself and the commanding general of the opposing army, and without any evidence or notice of such parole and delivery. I have published an order announcing that persons thus turned loose are lawfully released from their parole by the wrongful act of the rebels and that all such within my department shall be returned to duty by special orders, naming them. I respectfully request authority to order back those who have strayed into other departments.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp before Vicksburg, February 4, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The letter of Colonel William Hoffman of December 7, 1862, referred to me by your indorsement of January 7, 1863, is received, and

