
to reduce their fare to the regular rates of other roads-2 cents per mile, shortest route-if they do the work. But why go to the great expense of transporting 5,000 rebels by railroad and steam-boat to the Atlantic for exchange when the cartel makes Vicksburg a point of delivery? If operations prevent their being delivered there just now can they not be kept awhile; and in any case can they not be delivered on any day under flag of truce when battle is not actually formed? They should be delivered with the least possible baggage and clothing. While we had no cartel and retained prisoners it was right and humane to supply them with absolutely necessary clothing, but I think that none of this should be allowed to go within the rebel lines and relieve their great of such supplies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Berne, N. C., February 4, 1863.

Major General G. W. SMITH,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the following statements of facts: Two prisoners, Oliver Warren and Henry Welsh, were taken by the Confederate forces near Washington, N. C., last November. These men are both in the First Regiment North Carolina (Union) Volunteers and regularly mustered into the service of the United States and are therefore clearly entitled to the benefit of the cartel agreed upon by our respective Governments providing for the release of prisoners on their parole within ten days of their capture. I regret to say that these men have not been released but were thrown into the Libby Prison, Richmond. I trust that calling your attention to these facts will be sufficient to procure the release of these men without any further action on my part.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, February 4, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

General Rosecrans telegraphs me if exchanged to report to him in person immediately. I have received no official notification of my exchange.

WM. H. LYTLE,

Colonel Tenth Ohio Infantry.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1863.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Indianapolis, Ind.

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has been received. You will direct such improvements made at Camp Morton as may be necessary to put the barracks in a condition to accommodate comfortable the wounded who have been sent there or who may be sent there so

