
a letter about one, the others have the papers with them. In eight hours after their arrival I had them comfortably quartered and clothed. The rolls I will sent to-morrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 5, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: Through the carelessness of one of the clerks this report was left out of the letter I wrote this morning. Please find it inclosed and excuse the oversight.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

STEAMER NEW YORK,

Annapolis, Md., February 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SANGSTER,

Commanding Post, Annapolis, Md.

SIR: In compliance with your request I have the honor to report the following in regard to an accident which occurred to paroled (Federal) prisoners while on their way from their prison to the railroad for City Point to meet flag-of-truce steamer New York, January 27, 1863. The detachment of 800 paroled (Federal) prisoners left the prison at about 4. 30 a. m. and on their way to depot while crossing the canal bridge, an iron structure over which 1,000 of our men had passed the day before, gave way and precipitated about 100 men into the canal. Private George Epart, Company H, Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, and Private David Lampa, Company K, Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, were drowned. Sergt. J. M. Arnold, Company K, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers; Private W. Morgan, Company E, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Private F. Cramer, Company A, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers, were injure and left in Richmond. There were also several others bruised and one or two limbs broken, whom I brought down and left at this post on my last trip. The supposed cause of the falling of the bridge was in consequence of the head of line having halted and the men breaking from their ranks filled the bridge full thereby overloading it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Captain, 3rd Inf. N. Y. Vols., Commanding Flag of Truce, James River.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, February 5, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

One hundred and eighty citizens and guerrillas, excluding those under sentence. Suppose all arrested by military authority, but as many come from other camps cannot tell. Heavy snow-storm. Ice safe for prisoners on foot. Have written.

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major, Commanding.

