
COLUMBUS, OHIO, February 5, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

We have 156 citizen prisoners arrested by military authority, about half of whom are recommended by War Department for release by Commissioner Galloway. No guerrillas.

EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDING OF PRISONS,Camp Chase, Ohio, February 5, 1863.

Colonel 	W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to this day forward the monthly returns* of prisoners at this post and the prisoners' savings fund and prison hospital fund, with abstracts* and vouchers* for the month of January, 1863. The sutler tax on account of prisoners has not been collected for the months of December, 1862, and January, 1863. The average number of prisoners for each month is about the same, say 383, which at 10 cents per head per month will add to the savings fund some $76. 40, and should have been included in the present return. I will see that this is attended to. The recent large receipts of prisoners of war at this post, commissioned officers, rendered it necessary to open the west prison, Numbers 3, the east prisons being greatly crowded and insufficient hospital room for the numbers of sick and wounded. I therefore with the approval of the colonel commanding post had the quartermaster build a partition across Prison Numbers 3, excluding the first four company quarters now occupied by the battalion of guards but which could be ready on short notice for prisoners should they be needed, and into the large part I have moved all the prisoners of war except the sick and wounded, who with the citizens remain in the hospital prison. Prison Numbers 1 is now vacated, except three female prisoners, whom for the present I have placed in there having no other accommodations for them. These last, a mother and two daughters, also a son, were sent here for confinement from Nashville by order of Major-General Rosecrans, charged as spies and smuggling contraband articles. I am informed that a number more are to come. If so some separate confinement should be arranged for them. Prisoner Thomas L. Jones is still on parole. I am in receipt of orders from the War Department January 31, 1863, to release him on his oath of allegiance as recommended by Special Commissioner Galloway, and have notified him to report here.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 6, 1863.

Honorable G. A. GROW, Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report from the General-in-Chief in reply to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 30th ultimo calling for information as to "whether any rebel officers

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

