
country through which that road passes, where there would be so many temptations for them to try to make their escape or to overcome the guard. The movement was ordered only on condition that the prisoners could not be sent to Vicksburg for exchange and it applies only to the Murfreesborough prisoners. Those captured in Arkansan and elsewhere recently sent to Vicksburg for exchange but were returned in consequence of the operations against that city. If these prisoners are held at all it seems to be unavoidable that some clothing must be issued to them, but it will be confined to that which is absolutely necessary to cover their nakedness. Whether we hold them or send them to City Point for delivery the expense must be very heavy and I will urge that some other point that Vicksburg be agreed upon for the delivery of prisoners so that we may be relieved at once of the care of them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

NEW ORLEANS, February 6, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans.

GENERAL: As agent for the exchange of prisoners under the cartel between the two Governments I ask the pleasure of a personal interview in reference to Brigadier General Charles Clark's release and other prisoners. As regards the murderers mentioned in Lieutenant-General Pemberton's letter I have nothing to say, but will take them if delivered to me. I am very anxious to see General Clark as I was son his staff for months.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Major, C. S. Army, and Agent.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDANT OF PRISONS,Camp Chase, Ohio, February 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Your communication of the 31st ultimo called my attention to General Orders, Numbers 193, and your letter of instructions of December 6, 1862. Those orders were received before I had any official connection with the prisons. Since the receipt of your last I have carefully investigated the case and I cannot see why all the citizen prisoners confined here should not be released. General Orders, Numbers 193, and your instructions seem clear enough to me in the light I view them, but I am puzzled to know why a special commissioner under authority of the War Department as I understand it is kept here to examine and pass upon such cases. In a majority of the cases examined and reported upon by the special commissioner, Galloway, up to this time, and in the cases of nearly all the citizen prisoners now in my custody, the charge is "disloyalty," or "rebel sympathizer," or "aiding and abetting the rebels; " rarely anything else and seldom do any papers come fully substantiating these charges, and it looks to me that all such prisoners come under the provisions of paragraph 2 of General Orders, Numbers 193,

