
and should be released without regard to trial by commissioner. This same class of prisoners is being sent here continually from Wheeling, Va., Louisville and Lexington, Ky., and other places, and that I may act advisedly and without doubt I would respectfully ask specific instructions in the following cases:

1. Are all citizen prisoners in custody at Camp Chase from the States of Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee and Missouri against whom the only charge is "disloyalty" or "aiding and abetting the rebels" to be released by me under General Orders, Numbers 193, and your instructions of December 6, 1862, without reference to the special commissioner here and without requiring them to take the oath of allegiance, only requiring them to report to the provost-marshals of their districts? And as the same class of prisoners continue to arrive shall I treat them in the same way?

2. The commissioner has examined a large number of the cases of citizens now here and recommended them to the Secretary of War for release on different conditions, and they await the orders for their release.

3. What class of cases comes under the jurisdiction of the commissioner?

The case of Thomas L. Jones, of Kentucky, was taken up by Commissioner Galloway and he was recommended to be released on taking the oath of allegiance, which he refused to od. He was paroled by Governor Tod to his home in Kentucky. His time expired and he asked a renewal of parole. The Governor recommended him to return and have his case disposed of. He was not ordered to return by me and has not reported himself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, our obedient servant,

EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, February 7, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of letter addressed to Colonel W. F. Lynch, commanding at Camp Butler, instructing him to procure and furnish certain supplies represented to be necessary to the comfort of the rebel prisoners confined at that post. From the representations made tome I am satisfied that the sufferings of these prisoners during the present inclement weather have been intense and that common humanity required that some alleviation should be promptly provided. I have therefore taken the responsibility of giving the inclosed instructions without awaiting for a reference of the matter to your office,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, February 7, 1863.

Colonel W. F. LYNCH,Fifty-Eighth Regiment Ill. Vols., Captain Butler, near Springfield, Ill.

COLONEL: It has been represented at these headquarters that the rebel prisoners of war confined at Camp Butler have suffered severely

