
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 6, 1863.

Major WATTS, C. S. Army, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

MAJOR: Your communication of to-day received in which you propose to meet me as agent to deliver prisoners at Baton Rouge on the 21st instant and to receive such prisoners of war as the Federal authorities may be ready to turn over at the time, mentioning especially Brigadier-General Clark.

Also that you will at that time if it meet the sanction of my Government, either in person or by authorized agent, proceed to Texas to carry out the provisions of the cartel to its fullest extent as regards all prisoners taken previous to January 23, 1863.

In answer I am directed to say that Brigadier-General Clark together with some 350 prisoners of war now on parole have been awaiting the action of the Confederate authorities for some days, a letter having been forwarded by the general commanding to Lieutenant-General Pemberton under flag of truce some days since advising him of the above fact.

I will meet you at the place proposed with the prisoners, say in the river above Baton Rouge, at 9 a. m. on the 21st instant.

In answer to your second proposition I will immediately lay the matter before the general commanding and have no doubt it will meet with his approbation. It may be necessary, however, before giving a definite answer to confer with the naval authorities.

Nothing will give the general greater pleasure I assure you than to see the provisions of the cartel carried out to the letter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. CLARK,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

NEW ORLEANS, February 7, 1863.

Colonel J. S. CLARK, Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c.

COLONEL: On referring to my letter addressed to you on yesterday I find that I stated that the cartel would be carried out to its fullest extent as regards all prisoners taken before the "23rd January, 1863. " I should have stated the 23rd December, 1862. Please note the correction.

I inclose copy of request* made to General Banks on the 6th January, 1863, through an officer who only took a memorandum of it. Please give it consideration, especially as regards Deputy Surveyor P. E. Walden, who I learn is at Fort Pickens.

Your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 60. Cincinnati, Ohio, February 7, 1863.

* * * * * *

4. Colonel H. Van Rensselaer, Inspector-General of the U. S. Army, will proceed without delay to Camp Butler, near Springfield, Ill., and make

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

