
a thorough inspection of that post, including all that relates to the prisoners of war confined thereat. Special care will be taken in the examination into the management of the commissary and quartermaster's department at the post, and the officers of those departments stationed in Springfield will furnish on the call of the inspector-general such information as he may require in making the investigation ordered. On the completion of this duty he will return and report at these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Wright:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, February 8, 1863.

Brigadier General C. GROVER, Commanding Post, Baton Rouge, La.

SIR: Your note of the 5th instant has just been received. In reply I have to state that as the U. S. prisoners of war are at Jackson, Miss., it will be necessary to send your communication to Lieutenant-General Pemberton, commanding the Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANK GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 8, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you complete rolls* of 740 men who arrived here on the 5th instant from Richmond. I am happy to say that my new arrangements for the comfort of paroled men arriving from Richmond has far exceeded my expectations, although the sleet and snow was driving everything before it. On their arrival here I had them in barracks in half an hour after reaching the dock, and in eight hours after their arrival every man had clean clothes on, with a good overcoat and blanket and plenty of good food with comfortable quarters. Every man's name was taken down and his clothing charged to him. Had I not had these new barracks to put them in I feel satisfied we should have lost several lives from the severeness of the weather and the naked condition of the men as it would have been impossible to have given them any comfort at camp. The recent frosts and snow and rain storms have torn my canvas very much, but I hope in a month to complete my work of building huts at camp. I am working 120 men building these huts. I have got several streets completed and the men in them. They are of a very perfect and comfortable nature. I will require some 100,000 feet of lumber to complete my work, but we have plenty of funds for that and all other purposes. I will send for 30,000 feet of lumber to-morrow and will urge the work on with the greatest of speed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

