
This does not appear in the present case. The accused no doubt deserved severe punishment for the crimes proved against him, but an insuperable obstacle to the execution of the death sentence pronounced against him is found in the fact that he was captured as a prisoner of war and this is distinctly admitted by the prosecution on the record. Under the cartel which exists for the exchange of prisoners he can claim as he does that he is entitled to be exchanged and the Government should do nothing that would disable it from complying with its obligations in this regard.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., February 9, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: Inclosed please find roll* of prisoners of war captured at Arkansas Post and forwarded to this camp under charge of Colonel George W. Clark, Thirty-fourth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry. Colonel Clark was not able to make a list during the trip. We have prepared this roll with great care and feel assured that it is correct or as nearly so as practicable.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., February 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: 1. Inasmuch as you have established a regulation that no citizens shall be allowed to depart on your flag-of-truce boats without the special permission of your Secretary of War hereafter no citizens, male or female, will be allowed to land at City Point without having received the previous permission of the Confederate authorities. Moreover no permission of Secretary Stanton will be respected the application for which is not made through me.

2. I see from your own papers that some dozen of our men captured at Arkansas Post were allowed to freeze to death in one night at Camp Douglas. I appeal to our common instincts against such atrocious inhumanity.

3. I send two official reports* in the case of Doctor Rucker. They emanate from such high authority that the most implicit reliance can be placed on them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, VA., February 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I send by the steamer to-day all the non-commissioned officers and men whom we have. I have also directed that all the officers now

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

17 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

