
here who were captured before December 10, 1862, should be sent. Such of them as are not here will be forwarded to this place as speedily as possible and sent to you.

How is it that you send only one officer by this boat? I know you have several others who have been exchanged under our agreement. I send all the sutlers' clerks, employees, agents, &amp;c., whom we have in Richmond.

Many of the persons named in your list of citizen prisoners were sent off long ago. It will be necessary for me to see you before all citizen prisoners are released or delivered. I will carry out the agreement fully.

George W. Bryant, Twelfth Massachusetts, died of his wounds on the 26th of December last. Major Blake has never been in Richmond. Not one of the Tennessee and Ohio men to whom you referred in one of your letters is in Richmond. If they are elsewhere they will be delivered to you.

The clothing, &c., have been received and your directions will be complied with.

I will meet you at 1 o'clock on the 17th instant. I have taken steps to have all the citizen prisoners brought to Richmond.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., February 9, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Your letters of the 4th and 5th instant were received yesterday. I have directed no improvements at Camp Morton excepting such as could be made without additional expense to the Government. The camp has been carefully policed by fatigue parties detailed from the troops for that purpose. Captain Ekin has furnished a carpenter and had some bunks constructed, additional windows, glazing and window sash supplied and other general repairs made. No further prisoners have arrived. The four buildings in the center of the camp are occupied by the prisoners, one of which--the old hospital--is supplied with cots and is occupied by the wounded who are unable to walk and require constant medical treatment and nursing. The worst cases of the wounded are at the center hospital under the care of Doctor Kitchen. The sheds on the north side of the camp are not occupied. They, however, can be made suitable for such wounded prisoners as are capable of visiting the hospital for medical treatment. There are only 224 troops here for guard. Should more prisoners arrive and it be necessary to occupy these sheds a greater guard will be required. I have explained this to General Wright and he has promised to send another regiment if necessary. You may rest assured that everything possible will be done that can be compatible with the regulations you have established for the comfort and security of the prisoners and with the least possible expense to the Government. I have not considered it necessary to trouble you with a report of all the little details of the rules I have established for their government as they are all included in your circular of regulations. I will report to-morrow the dimensions of the barracks now occupied by the prisoners and the numbers confined in each. The barracks I have recommended to be removed from Camp Carrington are barracks that have been erected for the temporary accommodation of troops organizing here and can be removed at but

