
little expense. They are temporary frame barracks, 16 by 100 feet, divided into four rooms and capable of accommodating 100 troops each. Should no more prisoners arrive their removal will not be necessary. The accounts against the prisoners' fund which I have forwarded have not been received. The creditors are clamorous for their payment. Should I be permitted to draw on the prisoners' fund at Alton these accounts, materially diminished, can readily be paid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 9. Cincinnati, Ohio, February 9, 1863.

I. It is reported that much embarrassment and injury to the service is experienced from the practice of sending paroled Federal troops from the lines to interior camps without rolls of any kind or very imperfect ones, and also of paroling rebel prisoners without making any report of the circumstances or furnishing any rolls. To remedy this evil hereafter in all cases where our troops are captured by the enemy and paroled the senior officer present will cause to be prepared and forwarded to the office of the commissary-general of prisoners at Washington, D. C., with as little delay as practicable a full list by regiments and companies of all so paroled, giving the rank, regiment and company of each person, the time and place of capture and the disposition made of them. Like rolls of all rebel prisoners captured by our forces will be furnished by the officer in command of the troops by whom such captures are made.

When the circumstances are such that a roll cannot be immediately prepared a written report giving the number of officers and men, the time and place of capture and the disposition made of them will be made, to be followed by the necessary rolls at the earliest practicable moment.

When rebel prisoners are sent to Vicksburg for exchange commanders will also send duplicate rolls with them, one to remain with the agent who receives them, the other with his receipt upon it to be forwarded to the commissary-general of prisoners.

II. The following general orders and extracts from general orders, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., are published for the information and government of all concerned, and it is enjoined that the requirements thereof be strictly complied with:

Numbers 44, 1861:

In compliance with a resolution of the House of Representatives the Secretary of War directs that officers report to this office the names and residence of all prisoners that may be hereafter taken and released upon their oath of allegiance to the United States.

In like manner officers will report the names and residences of all prisoners who have been taken and released upon their oath of allegiance to the United States previous to this date, July 13, 1861.

Numbers 9, 1862:

The Secretary of War directs that officers and soldiers of the United States who are or may be prisoners of war shall during their imprisonment be considered entitled to and receive the same pay as if they were doing active duty.

Numbers 14, 1862:

The Secretary of War directs that the rations of prisoners held in the rebel States shall be committed for and during the period of their imprisonment; the commutation to be rated at cost price.

