
Numbers 52, 1862:

The names of officers and men taken prisoners by the enemy must be dropped from the muster-rolls, but will be placed at the foot of the list of names in their respective companies until they are exchanged or discharged.

Numbers 54, 1862:

The commissary-general of prisoners and commanding officers having charge of prisoners of war will as soon as practicable forward to this office lists of the prisoners, showing their rank, regiment, where captured, dated of confinement and where confined. Similar lists will be furnished of new detachments as often as they may arrive at their several places of confinement.

Numbers 67, 1862:

The supervision of prisoners of war sent by generals commanding in the field to posts or camps prepared for their reception is placed entirely under Colonel William Hoffman, Third Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, who is subject only to the orders of the War Department. All matters in relation to prisoners will pass through him.

He will also establish regulations for issuing clothing to prisoners, and will direct the manner in which all funds arising from the saving of rations at prison hospitals or otherwise shall be accounted for and disbursed by the regular disbursing officers of the departments in providing under existing regulations such articles as may be absolutely necessary for the welfare of the prisoners.

Loyal citizens who may be found among the prisoners of war, confined on false accusations or through mistake, may lay their cases before the commissary-general of prisoners, who will submit them to the Adjutant-General.

The commissary-general is authorized to grant paroles to prisoners on the recommendation of the medical officer attending the prison in case of extreme illness, but under no other circumstances.

Numbers 71, 1862:

In every case of prisoners taken in arms against the United States who may be tried and sentenced to death the record of the tribunal before which the trial was had will be forwarded for the action of the President of the United States, without whose orders no such sentence in such cases will be executed.

Numbers 72, 1862:

I. Whenever sick men, paroled prisoners or others, under circumstances entitling them to their descriptive lists and accounts of pay and clothing, &amp;c., are sent away from their regiments, or being already separated from their regiments are discharged from any hospital or moved from point to point in a body, they will be put under charge of a trusty officer or non-commissioned officer (to be selected if possible from their own number) who will exercise command over the party and conduct it to its destination. And to this officer or non-commissioned officer will be confided the descriptive lists of all for the safe-keeping of which until properly turned over with each soldier he will be held strictly accountable. Detailed instructions in writing for his guidance and government during the journey will in every case if possible be furnished to such officer by his last commander, and should he himself be compelled to make any detachments from his party he will in each case observe the same rules.

II. That paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 65, of June 12, 1862, which authorizes the discharge when requested by them of paroled prisoners is hereby rescinded.

III. No more furloughs will be granted to paroled prisoners. All furloughs heretofore given to them are hereby revoked and all prisoners now at large on their parole or who may hereafter be paroled by the rebel authorities will immediately repair if belonging to regiments raised in the New England and Middle States to the Camp of Instruction established near Annapolis, Md. ; if belonging to regiments raised in the States of Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan to Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio; if belonging to regiments raised in the States of Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and Missouri to the camp near Jefferson Barracks, Mo. (Camp Wallace, near Columbus, Ohio, since substituted for Camp Chase, and Benton Barracks, near Saint Louis, Mo., for Jefferson Barracks), and report for such duty compatible with their parole as may be assigned to them by the officers in command of said camps. And all whether officers or soldiers who fail to comply with this order within the space of time necessary for them to do so will be accounted deserters and dealt with accordingly.

The attention of all commanding, mustering and recruiting officers is particularly directed to this order, and they are required to use their utmost exertions not only to give it the widest circulation in their neighborhoods but to see that it is faithfully carried out. And their Excellencies the Governors of the several States are respectfully solicited to lend the same end.

