
FORT MONROE, February 11, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

In reply to my demand Mr. Ould, Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners, has just informed me that all U. S. officers captured before December 10, 1862, the date of Jeff. Davis' proclamation, would be immediately released. All the sutlers' clerks and Government employees confined in Richmond have been released and have arrived here on flag-of-truce boat New York. I shall meet Mr. Ould on the 17th at City Point.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

(Copy to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, and Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange of prisoners.)

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., February 11, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you an estimate* of clothing necessary for the comfort of the rebel prisoners in Camp Douglas, Ill. This estimate was made by Lieutenant George, of the Sixty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, appointed for that purpose by General Ammen. Some of the prisoners are very much in need of clothing as they suffer severely with the cold. If this is satisfactory please approve the same and return it to me. Clothing that is not fit to issue to our own men can be procured from Captain Potter, assistant quartermaster in Chicago, Ill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. RUTHERFORD,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, February 11, 1863.

[Major General W. S. ROSECRANS.]

GENERAL: Your order relative to the general treatment of Confederate officers captured by your forces and here incarcerated is continually being violated. Not only (as I have understood by a commissary clerk) by filling out such requisitions as are forbidden by your order, but they are permitted to buy and edibles they wish of the prison sutler. This comes under my observation whenever on guard. I wish to know if you tolerate such violation. You certainly will not when once aware of the fact. For any further information please reply and you will be furnished with a letter of exposition in full containing other matters worthy of notice.

G. W. CAMPBELL,

Private Colonel A, First Batt., Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

[First indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

February 19, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Wright, commanding, Cincinnati, Ohio.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

