
Dusky and Varner were convicted at Wheeling, Va., for robbing the mail, having been captured after the commission of the fact. They were received in the penitentiary in this District January 10, 1862, and are now in the Albany, N. Y., penitentiary. They were sentenced for four years.

I believe an examination of the facts will show that Dusky and Varner were commissioned officers in the so-called Southern Confederacy. If this is the true state of the case ought not Captain Gramm and Lieutenant Wade be relieved by making the exchange and by treating Dusky and Varner as prisoners of war?

Very respectfully,

JAMES R. MORRIS.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 13, 1863.

Respectfully submitted with report* of commissary-general of prisoners.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., February 12, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you complete rolls+ of soldiers and citizens who arrived here yesterday from Richmond on board of steam transport New York, Captain A. A. Mann, Third New York Volunteers, being in charge of the men and flag-of-truce boat, Captain Mulford being sick of fever at Fort Monroe. I also received Colonel A. B. Moore, of the One hundred and fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, and First Lieutenant J. Dewald, One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteers. These officers were receipted for by General Rosecrans, and on that receipt General Dix sent them through to report to Major-General Rosecrans. A statement of the facts of the case I inclose which I got from the colonel. You will find that the rolls show ninety-five citizens. Eighty-nine were present as I telegraphed to you yesterday. Six of them were sent to Baltimore by the order of Major-General Dix thus accounting for the difference.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

ANNAPOLIS, MD., February 11, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER, Commanding Post.

SIR: I arrived at this city this morning by flag-of-truce boat, having been a prisoner in the hands of the rebels since December 7, 1862. I was paroled on the 11th of December, 1862, at Murfreesborough, Tenn., with some thirteen other officers. Instead of being allowed to depart as a paroled prisoner I with the other officers was held. All excepting myself and Lieutenant J. Dewald were sent to prison at Atlanta, Ga., and have been and still are there in close confinement. After keeping me some three weeks in Murfreesborough after being paroled I was sent to Atlanta prison and kept closely guarded and confined. After keeping

---------------

*See Hoffman to Thomas, March 12, p. 350.

+Omitted.

---------------

