
me there a short time they took me from Atlanta prison to Richmond and confined me in the Libby Prison for three weeks. During the whole of this time myself and other officers taken at the same time had our paroles in our pockets which were totally disregarded, as they said it was no evidence that an officer was entitled to release notwithstanding his parole. The non-commissioned officers and privates captured with us were paroled and sent home and the officers' names were included in the list and was receipted for by General Rosecrans, but none of us were allowed to go. These facts were told me by Colonel Beard, inspector general for General Bragg.

The treatment we have received by the commandants at the two prisons named has been shameful and entirely destitute of humanity. We have lived on corn-meal, bad meat and cold water, these being the only things furnished us to subsist upon. We think that such treatment exhibited toward paroled prisoners is an outrage and I sincerely hope that rebel officers in our hands will be compelled to live on similar short allowances. I desire you to have me forwarded to my regiment at Camp Douglas, Ill., which is now on duty guarding the rebel prisoners at that place. I also wish to go to Washington to get my pay. By rendering me this assistance you will greatly oblige.

Yours, forever in favor of my country and the old flag,

ABSALOM B. MOORE,

Colonel 104th Regiment Illinois Infantry and

Commanding 39th Brigade, 12th Division, Dept. of the Cumberland.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW.

SIR: I inclose a note* referring to the case of Sergt. M. Mullen (from one of his daughters I understand) to which I would ask particular attention. He is a Union Virginian and for this reason doubtless has been made a special sufferer.

Fairfax Minor has been ordered to be held here as a hostage for him, whose treatment when you can be heard from in the case of Mullen will depend upon your report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 13, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding District of Washington, Washington.

GENERAL: It is proposed to send to City Point for exchange with as little delay as practicable all citizen prisoners arrested by [the] military in this city and now on parole or held in confinement who wish to be exchanged, and I have respectfully to request that you will cause notice to be given requiring all on parole to report without delay to the provost-marshal that it may be determined who are to be exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

