
[DECEMBER 4, 1862. - For General Orders, Numbers 31, Department of the Cumberland, relation to the return to their homes of those Kentuckians who had abandoned the rebel armies, see Series I, Vol. XX, Part II, p. 122.]

Resolution adopted by the United States Senate December 5, 1862.

Resolved, That the President by requested to inform the Senate if not incompatible with the public service the number and the names of citizens of Kentucky who have been and who are now confined in the military prisons and camps of the United States outside the limits of said State, and what the charge against them, by whom made and by whose order the arrest was made.
HDQRS. 13TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Oxford, Miss., December 5, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding Confederate Forces.

GENERAL: I have now several hundred Confederate prisoners who by the Dix-Hill cartel will have to be sent to Vicksburg for exchange unless by agreement they will be received elsewhere.

I propose to deliver them at such point on the Mississippi Central road as you may suggest and where an officer of your command may be to receive and receipt for them. Or I will parole and release them here, sending rolls certified to for an officer of your army to receipt if you prefer it.

Please inform me of your pleasure in this matter and I will conform to it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 5, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a communication from Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, commanding District of Western Kentucky, in reference to the course to be pursued toward rebel deserters who have delivered themselves up to the military authorities in Kentucky. The views presented by General Boyle upon this subject are so entirely in accordance with my own that I would ask that his letter be presented to the Secretary of War for his information and such action as he may deem proper. I do not clearly understand why General Bayle desires or has looked for further instructions. Those he has are ample to meet all the various requirements so far as they can be foreseen, and I have therefore instructed him in replying to his letter to carry out the orders already given him from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

