
to inform you that contrary to laws and usages of civilized warfare the surgeons left in care of our wounded at Springfield, Mo., have been unconditionally arrested, taken away from their charges of mercy and sent as prisoners of war to Saint Louis. Why is this? The terms of the agreement between General Hindman and General Blunt on the field of Prairie Grove were such as to secure all surgeons, wounded and nurses from molestation or parole. In good faith I have invariably kept this contract, and I demand that the Federals be held to the performance of theirs. I am unwilling to believe that this action on their part is a willful intention to thwart the merciful object held in view by the officers who formed the treaty; but if our wounded are to be deprived of the benefit of their surgeons and that too in direct violation of a solemn agreement the sooner it is known the better, for the sooner will we learn that we are fighting an enemy who has snatched the soothing chalice from the lips of their own wounded and suffering and embittered a war already rapidly tending to extermination. I would suggest that you send a flag of truce to inquire into the matter.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Camp near Batesville, Ark., February 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Springfield, Mo.

GENERAL: I beg to submit for your consideration the within letter.

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 16, 1863.

General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding District of Washington.

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War I have the honor to request that you will cause a list to be furnished me of all citizen prisoners held at the Old Capitol Prison, giving the dates of arrest, the charges and by whose order arrested; also a list of all on parole, giving the same particulars, with the authority for and date of parole and the limit. May I ask your immediate attention to this matter?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list* of military and civil prisoners now held at Richmond, Va., and also a list* of Federal

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

