
prisoners at Atlanta, Ga., which was furnished to me by Colonel A. B. Moore, One hundred and fourth Illinois, recently released from Richmond. Many or all of these names may already have been presented to you, but I am anxious that no person should by any chance be overlooked. There are some conspicuous case and for these I am sure you will make every effort to secure their exchange. General Hitchcock has given me the name of Doctor Rucker whom I believe he has spoken to you himself about as one whose release should be insisted on in the most positive manner. Governor Peirpoint has given me the name of Mr. Trahern, sheriff of Barbour County, W. Va., who is a prisoner at Richmond, and the Governor desires that his exchange be effected. John Owens, of Wolfe County, Ky., was released at Richmond on parole for thirty days from February 3 to procure an exchange. Please name some person as his equivalent among those who will be sent to you. I am making up the number of citizens you require (500), but it will require some little time to accomplish it. The Secretary has asked for rolls of all held before he decides who may be exchanged. It may be three or four days before all will bee assembled here. Are you expecting to make exchanges of military prisoners and to what extent? Some 300 Murfreesborough prisoners went down to-day from Baltimore unexpectedly to me. Please bear in mind my request to obtain a list of all military prisoners who have died in the Richmond prisons and also the names of all who re still confined in the hospitals too unwell to be delivered. I have many inquiries about missing officers and soldiers, and it would be a great relief to their friends to know something positive about them. Some special applications for exchanges are herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, February 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. DICK:

Citizen prisoners will not leave Alton till a report is made to me by the surgeon there in relation to the smallpox. Wait till you hear from me.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ALTON MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., February 16, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: On the night of the 23rd of January last a Mrs. Clara Judd, a female prisoner, was brought to this prison in company with several male prisoners, all of whom were easily provided for except the female. I did not know what to do with her as there were no rooms about the building where cooking could be done without a great expense, as I myself with several other officers am boarding at these headquarter buildings and have her boarded at $2 per week. But I do not feel justified to continue such board without advising you of the fact and ask you to approve or disapprove of said board of Mrs. Judd. Mrs. Judd was arrested and sent to this prison as a spy by order of

