
General Rosecrans. She has never had any trial but is held in this prison as a spy. Please let me know what I shall do in regard to her board. She resides near Winchester, Tenn.

I ask what can be done for prisoners of war who do not want to be exchanged and return to the reel army and rebel service but say they would positively rather be hung than return to such army and service and continue in such a war? These prisoners are nearly all Union men in feeling and some are anxious to join our ranks. Please instruct me in regard to this class of prisoners.

Colonel F. A. Dick, provost-marshal general at Saint Louis, Mo., has in some instances released prisoners of war other than those he sent to this prison, which by a letter of instructions previously [sent] to him and myself from you allowed him to release those only that he may have sent here. I call your attention to this but feel confident that Colonel Dick does not intend to assume power and improperly exercise it. A word from you on that subject is sufficient. All such prisoners as come under General Orders, Numbers 193, with your instructions added, are released by me as fast as we can satisfy ourselves as to the fact of their or they being entitled to such release. Please answer my three inquiries for instructions and oblige.

Very respectfully submitted.

J. HILDEBRAND,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, February 16, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I shall go to City Point to-morrow to meet Mr. Ould and will write to you more in full on my return in relation to the cases of the two men confined in the penitentiary at Albany. The Secretary of War desired me to ascertain the best exchange for Zarvona. W. L. McDonald, sutler of the Twenty-sixth New Jersey Volunteers, need not return. Please send S. J. Anderson with the other civilians when they arrive at Washington. The arrangement made with Mr. Ould for the release of our officers captured before the 10th of December does not call for the release of any rebel officers. Will you please give the necessary orders for the release of rebel officers who have been declared exchanged? The Confederates are delivering to us our officers who have been declared exchanged. Also please retain all civilians intended for exchange until they can be sent all together on the steamer intended for them. I would recommend that you send all civilians for exchange now in your custody and who are not unwilling to go South. The guerrillas and other members of irregular organizations can be reserved and sent to Vicksburg for delivery. Although the most of them have been declared exchanged according to the published declarations in general orders yet by a special agreement with Mr. Ould I am to be credited with all deliveries at Vicksburg which had not been previously counted, and these had not been. When is it proposed to send them and also the Fort Hindman [Arkansas Post] captures to Vicksburg?

I regret to learn of your illness and hope that ere this both General Hitchcock and yourself have recovered.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

