
FORT MONROE, February 19, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War,

Major-General HALLECK,

Major-General HITCHCOCK:

I have just returned from City Point from a conference with Mr. Ould. The Legislature of Virginia will overrule Governor Letcher in his late attempt at retaliation in imprisoning U. S. officers and will transfer to the Confederate authorities where it properly belongs under the cartel all matter connected with exchange of prisoners. It is now quite certain that the Confederate Congress will overrule Mr. Jefferson Davis in his retaliatory proclamation and message and exchanges will go on as heretofore under the cartel. I have perfected arrangements for exchange of civilians.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, February 19, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Wholesale desertions are going on to the enemy from the First Regiment [New York] Mounted Rifles stationed at Suffolk. Twenty-five since the 1st of January. The motive I think is to dispose of equipments and get paroled. Some of these men are now at Camp Parole at Annapolis. Solomon Fowler, Thomas Ransom, Charles French, William Cresswell are represented to have been captured. All other cases are desertions. Will you please order the commanding officer at Camp Parole to send back on the steamer which will probably be at Annapolis on Saturday or Sunday all men including the above named belonging to the First Regiment New York Mounted Rifles. The captured I will declare exchanged and they will be returned to their regiment. The others will be treated as deserters.

I am, very respecting, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, VA., February 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I send to you all the officers captured at Fredericksburg. Major Zentmeyer and Captains Marchand and Schaffle have died.

In the list of Fredericksburg captures given by you to me you have the names of Lieutenant John A. Billingsley, F. H. B. Randolph and James Carey. These officers have never been delivered to us. Of course you will send them in your next delivery.

I send you about 250 military prisoners, some sutlers and one political prisoner. This embraces all the military prisoners and sutlers whom we have at the Libby. Lieutenant Colonel Douglas Hapeman and Major John Widmer are at Atlanta.

I have not had time to inquire into your other memoranda. I will, however, send any that have been declared exchanged if there be any in Richmond on the next flag-boat.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

