
for inactive leniency. I can be relieved of this if full instructions are given on these subjects. I believe I understand this subject and our people and the true interests of the Government, and I could administer the matter to the real interest of the whole country.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 5, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: General Orders, Numbers 191, directing the assembling of paroled U. S. prisoners at the general camps at Benton Barracks and Indianapolis does not finally dispose of them by ordering them to their respective commands.

The General-in-Chief directs that special orders be sent to the commanding officers of the general camps through department commanders to forward the exchanged prisoners there assembled to the armies to which they belong with the least delay. They will be distributed to their respective regiments by army commanders. They will be sent in all cases under charge of commissioned officers, who before leaving the camp will have rolls of the detachment of each regiment, battery, &amp;c., made out.

Prisoners belonging to regiments in the Department of the Missouri will be forwarded by orders from the department commander, Saint Louis. These belonging to the Department of the Tennessee will be sent to Memphis, touching at Columbus, Ky. for orders. Those belonging to the Departments of the Ohio and the Cumberland will be sent to Louisville, Ky., reporting to the commanding officer at Louisville, who will forward to Nashville the men whose regiments are serving in the Department of the Cumberland. Commanders of camps can ascertain where regiments are serving by applying to the Adjutant-General's Office at Washington, D. C.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 5, 1862.

Major W. S. PIERSON,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners, Sandusky, Ohio.

MAJOR: S. B. Greenfield and G. C. Bronaugh, political prisoners from Kentucky, so far as the books show come under paragraph II of General Orders, Numbers 193, of November 22, from the War Department, and if there are no other charges against them they and all others similarly situated in your charge are entitled to release on parole under the above order. Those who go to Kentucky should be required to report to the provost-marshal at Louisville; those to Tennessee to the provost-marshal at Nashville; those to Missouri to the provost-marshal at Saint Louis, and those to Virginia to the provost-marshal at Wheeling. In other Western States they should report to the nearest military authority to their homes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

