
not been paroled and that as they recovered they were in the habit of trying to escape to their homes without any obligation upon them I reported the fact to the headquarters of the Army of Kentucky and received instructions to have them paroled. This was done by the provost-marshal at Harrodsburg, after which the men remained as the other sick and were forwarded as they became able to travel to the headquarters at Lexington. What afterwards became of them I do not know. Some may still be at Harrodsburg. Respectfully forwarded through headquarters of Major-General Granger.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KENTUCKY, March 17, 1863.

The prisoners referred to within were duly forwarded to Vicksburg for exchange.

G. GRANGER,Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR FRANKLIN, TENN., March 13, 1863.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Army of Kentucky.

GENERAL: In answer to the question of Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, wishing to know what had been done with the prisoners paroled at Harrodsburg, Ky., by me while acting provost-marshal I have the honor to make the following statement: Ten of the officers were sent to General Granger's headquarters, Lexington. There were thirty in the hospitals at Harrodsburg unable to move when I left. The balance were forwarded to your headquarters at Danville at two different times under escort.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

JOSEPH P. BLACK,

Captain Company E, Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 23, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report in the case of T. T. Tunstall,* late consul at Cadix and now in Old Capitol Prison, that said Tunstall applied in writing to the Secretary of State December 15, 1862, for a permit or pass to return to "my home and family in the State of Alabama; " and in his said application among other things in the following:

Ill-health, sir, the distance that divides me from my means and friends, my long absence from my home (now nearly seven years) and the interval of twenty months having elapsed with no tidings of my family or intercourse with them, inspire me with the hope that you will give a prompt and favorable consideration to the subject of this communication.

That on the 9th of December, 1862, the Secretary of State addressed me a note inclosing the application of said Tunstall recommending that a permit be given in the words following:

Under the circumstances of the case should there be no special reason to the contrary I have to suggest that Mr. Tunstall be permitted whenever a suitable occasion is presented to pass our lines under a flag of truce.

---------------

*For the arrest and detention of Tunstall, see Vol. III, this Series, p. 284, et seq.

---------------

