
there is a camp guard as you will perceive of eighty-eight, and the guard has been formed in compliance with orders from the Military Governor of Alexandria. These men, however, have been selected for that duty on account of being pronounced unfit for duty in the field by the medical officer of this command, and when medical authority pronounces any members of this command unfit for field duty I cannot forward them to their regiment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GABRIEL DE KORPONAY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Camp.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 26, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: To enable me to complete by careful comparison of all data a list of such Confederate prisoners of war as have died within our lines I respectfully request that you will furnish me with a list of such prisoners as are so reported to your office, this list including the following information:

Name. 	 Rank. 	 Company	 Regimen	 Cause	 Date 	 Place

 	 . 	 t. 	 of	 of	 of

 	 	 	 death. 	 death. 	 death.

By order of the Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. SMITH,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

WHEELING, February 26, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Has any order been issued about exchange of prisoners that of January 10, 1863, Numbers 10? I consider those not exchanged who were captured near Romney and paroled there December 8, 1862, and send them to Camp Chase.

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 26, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I forwarded this day complete lists of Federal prisoners belonging to this department captured at the battle of Stone's River, and to this date 1 brigadier general, 1 colonel, 3 lieutenant-colonels, 1 major, 14 captains, 30 subordinates, 2, 502 enlisted.

WM. M. WILES,

Captain and Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 27, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.

GENERAL: It is deemed best that you should not enforce your General Orders, Numbers 14, by placing the men improperly paroled into the

