
in Mr. Ould's declaration as published in the Herland to meet the case. I understand from what you said to me that all such prisoners have been exchanged but to make sure I wish you would write me on the subject at your earliest convenience. I will consult the Secretary of War in relation to the exchange of Zarvoan and if approved will have him accompany the other prisoners. I will also have it decided whether the two men in [the] penitentiary at Albany can be exchanged. My last report from Fort Delaware gives only some fifteen or twenty enlisted rebel prisoners. I will send down from this city, Fort McHenry and Fort Delaware all enlisted persons for exchange as soon as the number is large enough to make it advisable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., February 28, 1863.

Captain E. L. WEBBER,

Commanding Camp Chase Prison, Columbus, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: If there are officers or enlisted men belonging to the rebel Army held as prisoners of war at Camp Chase who are embraced in any of the cases declared exchanged in General Orders, Numbers 10, they will be sent beyond our lines by the earliest opportunity. Report to General Wright how many there are and ask when and by what route they can be forwarded. Say to Lieutenant J. H. Jones, Twenty-fourth Alabama Regiment, that you have received instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDANT OF PRISONERS,Camp Chase, Ohio, February 28, 1863.

Captain H. M. LAZELLE,

Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of addressing you for the purpose of asking information on several subjects:

1. The rebel commissioned officers confined here and receiving large remittance of money from their friends and as they money costs nothing but that asking for it they are very lavish in expending it. There are many of them who wish to purchase uniforms; expensive cloth that could be readily turned into informs when they get back to the South, and large supplies of extra clothing that they cannot obtain in the South; also the best quality of boots. I am at a loss to know where to draw the line in this respect. My judgment is that they should be permitted to buy sufficient to keep them comfortable and nothing to carry away with them. Should a man who has a comfortable suit and a change of underclothing be permitted to buy other clothing? Shall I permit friends to furnish unnecessary articles of clothing to prisoners? Also should the prisoners be permitted to purchase any articles of food or should any delicacies be given them by their friends? There is much talk upon this subject and I should be thankful for your opinion and instructions.

20 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

