
2. There are three female prisoners here, sent from Nashville by order of General Rosecrans. They are charged with aiding the rebels and carrying contraband articles across our line. The evidence against them is here. We have poor facilities for female prisoners. What shall be done with them? Shall their cases be turned over to Special Commissioner Galloway for investigation?

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Prisoners.

CAMP CHASE, February 28, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington City.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to call your attention to the following statement: On the 23rd of October, 1862, I was appointed by the direction of Captain Freedley, assistant commissary-general of prisoners, provost-marshal of prisons in this camp. In such capacity I have acted as such, without any specific instructions being given to me that wound guide me in the performance of any duty that might arise of an extraordinary nature indecent to the confinement of such a large number of prisoners as are now here. In view of the above fact I would respectfully ask you to give me instructions on the following points, viz:

1. Would it be my duty as provost-marshal to permit friends or prisoners themselves to purchase such articles of clothes that would on their return to the South answer for a uniform in the rebel army?

2. Would it be inconsistent with the dignity of the United States to require every person who has interviews with persons to take an oath of allegiance previous to the interview?

To my first question I would state that the numerous friends of the rebels in the North send here daily large boxes, trunks and packages of clothing and other articles that cannot be purchased in the South except at a large sum. To my send question I would state that of the numerous interviews held with the prisoners but few who desire the interview are in speech and actions any more loyal than the prisoners.

In view of the above facts and as a loyal officers striving to aid his Government be kind enough to give me the necessary information that I may be guided hereafter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. HENLEY,

Lieutenant, Company A, Battalion Governor's Guards.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 49. Washington, February 28, 1863.

I. The following rules in regard to paroles established by the common law and usages of war are published for the information of all concerned:

1. Paroling must always take place by the exchange of signed duplicates of a written document in which the name and rank of the parties paroled are correctly stated. Any one who intentionally misstates his rank forfeits the benefit of his parole and is liable to punishment.

2. None but commissioned officers give the parole for themselves or their commands, and no inferior officer can give a parole without the authority of his superior if within reach.

