
Southern authorities formally recognize them as their own do not propose to do so. It is not may intention nor do I believe it to be the intention of Admiral Porter to hold the innocent responsible for the acts of the guilty.

I regret that General Stevenson's letter whilst making inquiries should contain a threat. I have yet to hear for the first time of such a course securing any alleviation from the hardships necessarily produced by a state of war.

All prisoners that have fallen into my hands have been kindly and humanely treated.

Unprincipled and over-zealous persons many times may exaggerate invadable suffering but a sensible commander will always know how to receive such reports.

I will refer General Stevenson's letter to Admiral Porter who alone can answer the queries.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON,

Near Vicksburg, March 2, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, &amp;c.

GENERAL: On consideration I thought it best to write the inclosed letter (a copy of which I send you) in answer to General Pemberton.

I don't think he will gain any great consolation from it and it may enlighten him on the subject of civilized warfare.

Very respectfully, &c.,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON,

Near Vicksburg, March 2, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Vicksburg, Miss.

SIR: Major-General Grant, commanding this department, has handed me a communication from you written by authority of General Pemberts, commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana. I might very properly object to notice it, as all communication relating to the Mississippi Squadron should be addressed to me as commander-in-chief of the naval department on the Mississippi River. I decline, however, to stand on a point of etiquette.

I inclose* you a communicating I wrote to one of my officers in relation to the notice your general has taken exceptions to; it will fully explain my views on this subject.

No one is more desirous than myself that operations within the limits of my command should be conducted in accordance the usages of war, of humanity and of civilization, which sentiment I am pleased to see is expressed by yourself. I can see no easer way to arrive at the desired and than by putting a stop to the inhuman practice of firing on unarmed vessels and peaceful citizens.

I am quite satisfied that it is not civilized for parties who are overseer civilians one day (trading with our people) and soldiers the next

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

