
I shall do everything in my power to meet your views in the conducting of this camp, and you may rest assured that no officer goes to Washington with my consent unless he is sent there on business of these headquarters with yourself.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Paroled Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Near Sandusky, Ohio, December 5, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I am just in receipt of General Orders, Numbers 193, with regard to which I wrote you some days ago. I am embarrassed with the other because I think it probable that many of the prisoners should not be die changed from exceptions in paragraph III, and I have no information in this office as to the cases. I have charges against very few, and in many instances do not know by what authority they were arrested. I have directed a list of the citizens to be copied from the roll books. I shall then examine each case, and where I find no charge or evidence against the prisoner within the meaning of paragraph III from the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Tennessee and Virginia I shall offer him his parole. To-day is Friday, and as I think great care should be taken in this matter I shall not probably get the list and be able to commence action under it before Monday. I shall then proceed as fact as I can offer the prisoners their parole as above, and prepare them (the paroles) and execute them and let them go. Please telegraph me at once if this course is not correct. I suppose Missouri and Kentucky are rebel States within the meaning of this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

P. S. - Forty prisoners arrived last evening from Henderson, Ky. ; among them are citizens [who] I think will have to be discharged under Orders, Numbers 193. The lieutenant of the guard says they are very bad men. I will send roll to-morrow.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 6, 1862.

The COMMANDANT OF FORT DELAWARE:

You will immediately release I. C. W. Powell, a prisoner, who is said to have been arrested at the same time with Judge Carmichael, and who is said to be now in Fort Delaware.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 6, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM A. HALL, Member of Congress.

DEAR SIR; Your letter of yesterday in behalf of Henry Foot, of Randolph County, Mo., states that he stands indicted of both conspiracy and treason, and after stating some mitigating circumstances asks "that these prosecutions be discontinued. " Pardon me for suggesting

