
plaintiff is nosuited or judgment passed against him the defendant shall recover double costs.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That any suit or persecution described in this act in which final judgment may be rendered in the circuit court may be carried by writ of error to the Supreme Court whatever may be the amount of said judgment.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That no suit prosecution, civil or criminal, shall be maintained for any arrest or imprisonment made or other trespasses or wrongs done or committed or act omitted to be done at any time during the present rebellion by virtue or under color of any authority derived from or exercised by or under the President of the United States or by or under any act of Congress unless the same shall been commenced within two years next after such arrest, imprisonment, trespasses or wrong may have been done or committed or act may have been omitted to be done: Provided, That in no case shall the limitation herein provided commence to run until the passage of this act, so that party shall by virtue of this act be debarred of his remedy by suit or prosecution until two years from and after the passage of this act.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 3, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that in compliance with the request made in your letter of the 28th ultimo the Adjutant-General has been ordered to detail Brigadier-General Totten as an associate with Rear-Admiral Shubrick and Commodore Davis, of the Navy, for the considerations of the case of paroling of the officers and men of the U. S. steamer Mercedita off Charleston, S. C., during the late attack from the rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., March 3, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith transmit returns of the paroled men at this post for the month of February, 1863, as required by your instructions, containing 105 commissioned officers present; 2 commissioned officers, without leave absent; 1,440 enlisted men present; 624 enlisted men, without leave absent; 2,171 aggregate present and absent.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, March 3, 1863.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff, Cincinnati, Ohio.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you the report of the provost-marshal at Camp Chase in respect to the too great indulgence allowed

