
of Confederate prisoners. You will observe from this report that these prisoners are under the direct and immediate control of Colonel Hoffman commissary-general of prisoner, and that we have no authority in the premises.

By order of Brigadier-General Cooper:

WM. VON DOEHN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Camp Chase, Ohio, February 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Columbus, Ohio.

SIR: In reply to the inclosed letter* I have the honor to report that prisoners of war in this camp have been and are allowed to purchase from the sutler such articles as the following-hams, flour, molasses, canned fruits, apples, pies, cakes, raisins, nuts, clothing, boots and shoes, tobacco, &amp;c., besides the other minor articles which a sutler usually keeps. They are also allowed the few delicacies which sympathizing friends furnish. I cannot learn that a copy of General Rosecrans' order relating to this matter has ever been sent here, or that it applies in this camp. The provost-marshal of Camp Chase has nothing to do with the prison. It is under the control of Captain Webber and Provost-Marshal of Prisoners Lieutenant Henley, the whole being subject to Colonel Hoffman at Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. STEWART,

First Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal. Camp Chase.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say in answer to communications received that furloughs cannot be granted to soldiers on parole except in extreme cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel R. A. Constable, Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Washington, D. C.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., March 4, 1863.

General WINDER, Richmond.

GENERAL: I send by Captain Mulford, U. S. Volunteers, with the flag-of-truce boat which leaves for City Point to-day a portrait of Washington and request that it may be restored to its owner. The inclosed correspondence+ (copies of letters numbered 1, 2 and 3) will explain the circumstances under which the picture was taken and is now sent to you for restoration to the owner.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

---------------

* See Campbell to Resecrans, p. 265, ante.

+ Not found.

---------------

