
SAINT LOUIS, March 4, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

I have this day sent 150 citizen prisoners in compliance with your last orders. They go to Washington via Pittsburgh in charge of Captain Dean, additional aide-de-camp.

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I send forward to-day under guard in response to your telegraphic orders of the 2nd instant and 14th ultimo 150 citizen prisoners. The charges against them are entered opposite their names in the column of remarks. In nearly every case these charges are based upon the voluntary statements of the prisoners made upon a personal examination in accordance with the form* herewith inclosed. In those cases in which the remark is made, "evidence on file", the evidence referred to is that of witnesses filled in this office. In no case is a prisoner sent forward upon this list who could with safety or propriety be enlarged in this department. Some of the worst cases are those who have been arrested for refusal to enroll in the Missouri militia. They are traitors at heart who wish to enjoy the protection of the Government here and yet will not take any part in defending this State from the rebel invasion.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Missouri.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 4, 1863.

Captain EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Commandant of Prison, Camp Chase, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: Your letter of February 28, 1863, addressed to Captain H. M. Lazelle, assistant to commissary-general of prisoners, was received, and I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say in answer to same that the indulgences therein mentioned should not be allowed. Rebel officers are not to have any more clothing than what they actually require for immediate and actual use and which must be of a quality such as to insure not lasting for any length of time on their return to the South. As to their boots or shoes, they may be of the commonest quality or rather of a quality that will suffice but for immediate use. They are not to be allowed to purchase uniform clothing of any kind or have it or anything in that furnished by their friends. They will be allowed to purchase a moderate or reasonable allowance of food or delicacies, and those who are too poor to purchase may have it furnished by their friends in reasonable quantities. Regulations made by the commissary-general of prisoners in June last show under what circumstances money be received and expended. Orders

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

