
of the loyal Legislature of Virginia and was captured last fall and taken to Richmond. I supposed I had done everything to have him placed against Hughes but all failed and Trout is still in a loathsome jail.

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., March 5, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your letter of February 27 in regard to General Orders, Numbers 14, of this Department, is just received. I desire to ask if the objection to that order rests on the ground that notice has not been given to the enemy or to our own army. I wrote to General Bragg December 11 that though his mode of paroling the Hartsville prisoners was irregular I wound let it pass for that time, but that thereafter no parole would be recognized that was not made in accordance with the terms of the cartel. There has been great abuse in the mode of paroling and the most stringent measures are necessary to prevent our men from being paroled so as to escape duty. I respectfully suggest that sufficient notice has been given to the enemy, and that the discipline of this army will suffer if the men irregularly paroled since that notice are [not] returned to duty.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: You will without delay forward to Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, and Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo., all the paroled troops at Camp Parole including those in the general hospital at Annapolis who are recommenced for the transfer by the surgeon in charge belonging to regiments serving in the West in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 72, of June 28, 1862. Furnish the command with cooked rations for the route and send as full rolls by companies and regiments as possible with the officer in charge. Apply to Colonel Waite, commanding at Annapolis, for five officers and seven non-commissioned officers to conduct the detachment, three officers and four non-commissioned officers to go to Camp Chase, and two of the former and three of the latter to Benton Barracks. These officers will return to their proper station after preforming this duty. The Quartermaster's Department will furnished the necessary transportation.

By order of the General-in-Chief:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 5, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Third Infty., Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington.

COLONEL: Yesterday as you have already been informed by telegram and letter I sent in obedience to your orders 150 citizen prisoners for exchange to Washington City.

