
(for your further consideration) that the discontinuance or nolle prosequi of these indictments would leave the party still open to accusation upon the same grounds; whereas a pardon if the case be proper for one would leave him safe from future prosecution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 6, 1862.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Ohio.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo in regard to persons professing to be deserters from the rebel army returning to Kentucky. The instructions issued from these headquarters for the guidance of district commanders are to the effect that those persons who are for good reasons believed to be bona fide deserters from the rebels may be allowed to return to the State and there remain at liberty upon their taking the oath of allegiance and giving bond with reliable surety of its proper observance. Professed deserters or others to whom suspicion attaches to be arrested and sent to some place of security provided for the safe-keeping of political prisoners, Camp Chase being a convenient and proper place for such purpose.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Grenda, Miss., December 6, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Forces, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Your communication of 5th instant just received. The prisoners referred to I presume to be the sick who were necessarily left and stragglers from this army. The former if agreeable to you I would prefer should be kept in hospital until they can be sent for and proper receipts given. The latter as the roads are in bad condition and railroad bridges destroyed I would ask to be sent to Vicksburg, Miss., as is required by terms of the cartel.

I have some forty prisoners taken in action who will be sent to Vicksburg for exchange.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c., your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

OXFORD, MISS., December 6, 1862.

Brigadier General GREENVILLE M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

The general commanding has communicated with the general commanding Confederate forces on the subject of army surgeons who are captured having the right to retain their horses and other private property, indicating his willingness to let them take with them when released everything that is necessary to enable them to perform their

