
is their "constitutional" right to speak and conspire together as they may choose. The quiet, secret influence of this class is injurious and greatly so. I suggest that they be sent to join their Southern friends if such a course should be approved by the Secretary of War.

I have at last accomplished the work of examining all the old cases of prisoners excepting only those who were too sick to be brought out.

I have the honor, colonel, to be your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Springfield, Ill., March 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose three communications* from paroled prisoners of war requesting their removal from Annapolis to a camp in this State. The frequency of appeals of this kind impels me be suggest the propriety of having a camp established in this State for the reception and keeping of all paroled prisoners belonging to Illinois regiments until they are exchanged. It is but fair to presume from the tone of the numerous letters received here asking for transfers to camps in Illinois that is the general wish of these men to be nearer to their homes than they are now. In their opinion they will receive better attention and treatment when in their own State under the immediate supervision and control of their own officers than they do at the places where they are now kept. From section Ill of General Orders, Numbers 72, issued June 28, 1862, I infer that it was the intention of the War Department to have the prisoners sent a camp as near to their respective homes as possible. Why this has not been carried out I cannot conceive. The fact is that more dissatisfaction exits among the paroled prisoners from the cause of their cause of their being kept at camps distant from their homes than from any other. After they have endured the hardship of imprisonment while in custody of the enemy they look with joy for the day when they may be allowed to return to the State which they left to fight for their common country and are bitterly disappointed when kept in camps so far from home. The complains about this are so numerous that I would specially request you to give this matter your special attention. If the location of the camps is under your supervision I wish you to locate in this State. If the War Department makes the selection I wish you to do all in your power to have the change made and to have the prisoners in the different camps transferred to the one selected.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS, Ca, March 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the report* of deaths, release and deserters of the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., for the month of February, 1863.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

21 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

