
nerly two months after they were. Moreover at the very time that you dispatched the steamer the carries this letter form Fortress Monroe you had lying round about your headquarters hundreds of men, some of whom have been already exchanged and most of whom, if not all, were embraced in our agreements, and yet with this material around you you sent two prisoners of war and expected to get all we have; which you have done. I appeal to you whether I have not the right to complain of this. What in Heaven's names does it mean? I tell my people frankly what you have agreed to do and say to them I believe it will be accomplished. Upon such a return as you have made at this time I am met with the inquiry everywhere which I have just propounded to you. Will you do me the favor to answer it?

Seventh. You also referred in your communication to the case of an officer who was detained in Atlanta on the charge of passing counterfeit money. Is such an act authorized by the military orders of your Government? It so let us know and we may deliver the accused over to you. If it is not so authorized he has committed an offense against the known laws of the hand is not in the commission of the same shielded by the laws of war or the usages of belligerents. You talk of trying him for such an offense against you laws. If it was it could only be tried in the district where the offense was committed. Moreover how could you obtain the attendance of the witnesses even if your borders. First and foremost, however, comes the question, Do you by virtue of your military orders or in pursuance of the same command your officers and soldiers to counterfeit our money? If so let us know and we will be illuminated. The officer shall have a fair trial. He will be entitled to compulsory process for his witnesses and if the guilty intent is not proved he will be discharged. If innocent of the fraud he is as safe as you are.

Eighth. I have not had time to have no examination made as to your lists of Hartsville, Murfreesborough and Atlanta prisoners. I have to say the same as to those from Western Virginia. As to the former and latter I stand by our agreement.

Ninth. I very much regret that you did not say one word in your several communications in regard to the officers whom you captured before the date of the President's message. Will you exchange them be personal delivery? If so, when and where? I hope it will be done at City Point.

Tenth. I send you herewith a list* of officers and men who are detained in your prisons. Most of them have been already declared exchanged. The information as to almost all of them is of a very reliable kind. Most of the cases have been presented to me since my last interview with you. If it is only half true it presents a case upon which from my respect for you I cannot venture to comment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 7, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th ultimo requesting "the detention of all those

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

