
made in the report. Colonel Waite will in the meantime make such changes in the disposition of the troops under his command as will furnish the most effective guard he can for that camp and apply such other remedies as may be within his power to remove or remedy the evils complained of.

ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 3, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that in compliance with instructions received from this office on the 27th ultimo I proceeded to Annapolis, Md., to make an inspection of Camp Parole, to inquire into the measures taken for the reception of prisoners upon arrival at Annapolis and to examine into certain accusations against officers relating to their duties while in charge of prisoners, and upon these matter respectfully submit the following report:

Federal prisoners sent to Camp Parole from the South arrive there by water conveyance and in detachments ranging in number from a few hindered in some to several thousand in others. The commanding officer at Camp Parole has informed me that no intimation is received by him of the sending of these prisoners to Camp Parole until the boat touches the wharf at Annapolis with them on board. They generally arrive in a state of extreme destitution, with little or no clothing and that covered with filth and vermin. They are often physically emaciated and suffering from hunger and disease. Of course not only a variety of necessaries is so large that the arrangements for their immediate comfort must be of no extended character. Upon landing at the wharf they are conducted to what are termed the College Green Barracks. These consist of eight wooden frame buildings each 90 by 20 feet, one story in height, with sides and roof boarded and battened. They are partially with bunks and will temporarily accommodate during cold weather 150 men each. At present three of these buildings have been set aside for the reception of prisoners. In rear of them is a cook house well provided with cooking utensils necessary for cooking for 600 men at a time. This cook house, as well as the three buildings above referred to, is under the charge of a non-commissioned officer and a few men, whose duty it is to keep them in a state to receive prisoners. Upon arriving here the prisoners are formed and their number compared with the accompanying rolls. When this is done a list is immediately made of all who are in need of clothing from a personal inspection of each man by an officer, and in almost all cases a complete suit, including overcoat and blanket, is issued to each soldier upon the day of this arrival. Before he is allowed, however, to put on any article of the clothing the men are marched to the river, made to throw away their old clothing and cleanse themselves. They remain two or three days in these barracks until they are provided with clothing and until accommodations are set side for them at Camp Parole, about two miles from these barracks, where they are then taken. The barracks referred to were built for the use of the Sixty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, now at Harper's Ferry. They are at present partially occupied by 347 men of the Potomac Home Brigadier, and the three buildings above mentioned as used by

