
Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be permanently detailed as the acting assistant commissary at Camp Parole. It is marked L. In general terms it would be very desirable in my opinion if the guards at Camp Parole were permanently stationed there and much increased, and a sufficient number of officers permanently detailed for duty at the camp to render all necessary assistance; if the quarters were all composed of large buildings of logs both for economy and comfort at all seasons; if privies and kitchens were built as already indicated; if the guard-house was enlarged; if mounted patrols attended and protected the proper distribution of supplies; if the quarters of the Western troops were more enlarged and rendered more comfortable; if a change was made in the location of a portion of the hospital quarters, and if drills when the weather should be permit and stricter discipline were introduced into every branch of duty at the camp, and if more complete records were kept at the headquarters of each battalion of the men composing it. Camp Parole is located about two miles from the town of Annapolis and the road leading to it is extremely bad at this season of the year. At present with about 6,000 men in camp sixteen wagons are constantly employed in hauling supplies to it.

Generally all supplies come at Camp Parole by way of Baltimore by rail except the wood, which is halted to the camp from the city. If the whole camp were moved to near the railroad, which could be readily done as it is but three-quarters of a mile from it, all supplies could be delivered immediately at the camp, thus avoiding the labor and transportation which though at present large (resulting from the delivery of all store first at the town) must be greatly increased when the number of troops at Camp Parole is greater. A favorable site could be readily found. I am satisfied and believe that the removal of the camp would be less expensive than the cost of transportation for one year under the present circumstances. The ground immediately outside the present camp is so covered with accumulations of rubbish and fifth and the sites of old tents and huts as to have rendered it unfit for any considerable expansion of the camp in any direction. If, however, it should not be deemed expedient to remove the camp I respectfully recommend and entire change in the present location of the quarters of that portion of the camp occupying the low ground to the sandy slopes which in my opinion the direction of the quarters should follow for the purpose of securing immediate drainage, which at present is very imperfect though the nature of the soil is favorable to the rapid absorption of moisture. The compactness or symmetry of the camp would not by this measure materially differ from what which it now has, and if it designed to continue the building of the log quarters or to make the camp bear anything of a permanent character this mode of location is in my opinion very essential.

In conclusion I have to add that if my report exhibits the spirit of constant criticism, without the excuses which unquestionably might be justly offered by the commanding officer and the officers permanently detailed at Camp Parole for many irregularities, I can only say that I have simply attempted to detail facts, without comments more than were explanatory.

With the highest respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

22 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

