
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 7, 1863.

Mrs. MARGARET A. RUCKER, Marietta, Ohio.

MADAM: Your letter of the 15th ultimo to His Excellency the President and that of the 1st instant to the Secretary of War desiring that measures may be taken for the release of your husband, W. P. Rucker, from the dungeons of Richmond have been referred to me and I hasten to inform you that everything that is possible is being done by the Government to secure his release. His case has been brought to the notice of the rebel authorities and his immediate release demanded. The agent for the exchange of prisoners will meet the agent from Richmond when an answer to this demand is expected. I will forward your letters to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for the exchange of prisoners, that he may be fully acquainted with all the circumstances of the case and I hope you will not be disappointed in soon having your husband sent to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. DICK.,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of March 2, 1862, I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say that as you appear to misapprehend the provisions of the cartel for the exchange of prisoners you are referred to article 7 of the cartel, where you will see that certain points are specified where prisoners may be sent for exchange without regard to time. As soon as there is a way open they will probably be ordered to be sent to some point on the Mississippi for exchange or parole, or otherwise be held to be sent to City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., March 8, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: The report upon the camp of paroled prisoners at Annapolis submitted by you has been examined by the General-in-Chief and he wishes you to designate such officers as you can recommend and who are subject for detail on duty at that camp. The papers have been referred to General Schenck for such remedies as he may be able to apply. The necessary orders have been issued in regard to Captain Hendrickson at Alton Prison, Ill.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

