
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 43. Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 8, 1863.

I. The general commanding finds within his lines many helpless and suffering families whose natural protectors and supporters are in arms against us. These people need food, clothing and protection which it is neither our duty nor in our power adequately to provide. Many others whose sympathies and connections are such as to surmount all the obligations that arise from their permission to remain within our lines, forbidding them to communicate with the enemy or act as spies against us. The residence of these persons within our lines not only continually endangers us be their own integrity and personal safety. It is therefore ordered that:

1. All those whose natural supporters are in the rebel service, and.

2. All whose sympathies and connection are such that they cannot given the assurance that they will conduct themselves as peaceable citizens shall hold themselves in readiness to go south of our lines within ten days from the date of notice.

II. They will be permitted to take with them all their personal effects not contraband of war. They will apply to the nearest provost-marshal or commanding officer for the requisite passes and will be required to give assurance that they have taken no contraband of war.

III. Persons thus going South who shall thereafter enter our lines without permission will be regarded and treated as spies.

IV. All who acknowledge their obligations as citizens of the United States; all who give by the non-combatant's oath and bond or in any other satisfactory manner the requisite assurance that they will behave themselves as peaceable citizens may remain at home, following their usual avocations, subject to military orders and regulations.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, Numbers 15. Baltimore, Md., March 8, 1863.

Whereas, by the cartel for the exchange of prisoners agreed upon by Commissioners Major General John A. Dix on the part of the United States and Major General D. H. Hill on the part of the so-called Confederate States, dated Haxall's Landing, on James River, July 22, 1862, and published by the War Department in General Orders, Numbers 142, September 25, 1862, the following terms and stipulations among the other things were agreed upon and determined:

1. It is provided by Article 4 that all prisoners then held and all those thereafter taken will be transported to the points mutually agreed upon at the expense of the captured party.

2. Article 6 provides that the stipulations and provisions of the cartel shall be of binding obligation the continuance of the war.

3. Article 7 (supplementary articles) provides that all prisoners then held or thereafter captured by either party shall be sent to A. M. Aiken's, below Dutch Gap, on the James River, Va., or to Vicksburg, on Mississippi River, in the State of Mississippi, and there exchanged or paroled until such exchange can be effected, or at such other place as may be hereafter mutually agreed upon by the commanding generals of opposing armies.

And whereas, in violation of these stipulations and provisions certain of the rebel forces and also bands of armed marauders and guerrilla parties, all professing to act under and by the authority of the so-called Confederate States, have without due notice or agreement and often without furnishing any list or evidence of their capture and

