
second paragraph refers to prisoners who have been sent from Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri by the Governors or other military authorities charged with disloyal practices. The records in your office must decide the character of the offense, and when prisoners are released you will require them to report to the provost-marshal at Wheeling, Louisville, Nashville or Saint Louis according to the State in which they reside, or to the military commander nearest to their homes.

The third paragraph points out the exceptions to be observed. In cases where you have any doubt it will be proper that you should consult with Judge S. Galloway.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, December 6, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: The various applications for exchanges referred to me are reserved for my next interview with Mr. Ould, which will be as I have before mentioned as soon as I receive the rolls and papers relating to the captures of General Rosecrans. I will endeavor to arrange the release of three men whose equivalents cannot be found before the expiration of their parole and will inform you of the result. If I cannot they must of course return. Thomas McKay, William D. Bartlett and Benjamin Hicks were arrested by some of General Pope's officers under circumstances detailed in a letter* a copy of which was furnished to me by Mr. Ould and which is inclosed. Will you please have these cases investigated and the men released if the facts are as stated in the letter of Mr. Jacobs? The Confederate authorities have frequently called my attention to these cases and I wish to give them a decided answer now.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 6, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: In compliance with your instructions dated Washington, November 11, 1862, I on the 28th ultimo, having completed my duties at Alton, repaired immediately to Louisville, arriving there on Saturday, the 29th. I immediately conferred with Colonel Henry Dent, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Volunteers, provost-marshal-general of Kentucky, and from him ascertained that all prisoners, both political and military, as soon as arrested within the State were forwarded to him at Louisville with such charges or explanations of their offenses as the nature of their arrests would require. Acting under instructions from the commanding officer of the department all minor cases were adjudicated by him and in every case his action had been submitted to the commanding officer for approval. All political prisoners against whom serious charges

---------------

* Not found; but see Jacobs to Davis, Vol. IV, this Series, p. 873.

---------------

