
&amp;c. In relation to the above order I have the honor to report that there are no mustering or disbursing officers in Western Virginia except myself and only one recruiting officer, who is stationed in this city, and there will be no reports for me to consolidate. The duties prescribed in General Orders, Nos. 72 and 191, of series of 1862, have been executed by Major Joseph Darr, Jr., major First [West] Virginia Cavalry and provost-marshal of Virginia. This officer is stationed in Wheeling and he devoted his whole time to this and similar subjects which he seems to have reduced to a system. He is in correspondence with all regimental and post commanders and in the collection of deserters and stragglers has been very active and energetic. I have had a conversation with him in relation to the subject and I recommend that the present system be continued. He informs me that he has made regular reports to you and if you so direct he will hereafter make these reports through me.

Please let me know what your wishes are.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Major Second Artillery, Supt. Volunteer Recruiting Service.

WASHINGTON, March 10, 1863.

Major General J. A. DIX, Commanding:

The political prisoners will not be ready to leave before Saturday, the 14th. Please let the steamer arrive here on the 12th.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BENTON BARRACKS, March 10, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following telegram just received I have the honor to transmit for your information?

About 1,000 paroled prisoners are ordered from Annapolis to Beneton Barracks.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., March 10, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

We received some time since orders to send no prisoners of war to City Point till further orders. Have now on hand 300 privates. Colonel Carrington telegraphs they cannot be received at Camp Morton, Ind. What shall we do?

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 10, 1863.

Colonel JESSE HILDEBRAND,

Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.

COLONEL: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say in answer to communication from H. A. Galloway that instructions

