
have been sent to the various communications of the military prisons authorizing them to release all Confederate prisoners of war not officers who were willing to take the oath of allegiance in good faith. This privilege does not extend to guerrillas or other irregular organizations who can only be released upon the recommendation of the Governor of the State in which they reside. Application from George W. Stanfill has been returned with directions to furnish more satisfactory evidence that he has not been an officer in the rebel service. Also an application form Captain W. H. Brown and which has been returned with the request to furnish more satisfactory evidence of the fact of his having resigned form the Confederate service previous to his capture. I also return application from Captain J. K. P. Randolph. Rebel officers cannot be released upon taking the oath of allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MUEFREESBOROUGH, March 11, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON:

I telegraphed the General-in-Chief the date and character of the notification given to General Bragg-that I wound receive no more paroled prisoners except in accordance with the terms of the cartel-and requested his decision whether or not after this full and fair notification I shall refrain form carrying into effect my General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, as to paroled prisoners delivered by turning them loose in defiance of notice and the provisions of the cartel. Please say to him that desertions consequent in the suspense of this question induces me to ask decision as early as practicable and that if possible it may not disturb the past policy which works well, as does also the order against those wearing our uniform.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, March 11, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a letter from Captain Webber, commandant of prisons at Camp Chase, in which he states that he has some fifty and enlisted men prisoners of war who come under paragraphs 6 and 7 of General Orders, Numbers 10, current series, and calling upon me by your order to indicate the route by which they shall be forwarded through our lines. I presume the captain has misinterpreted your instructions as General Orders, Numbers 10, relate exclusively to our own men. I therefore refer the matter to you before proceeding further. I wound remark that General Grant, having given orders that no more prisoners be sent to Vicksburg, and as General Rosecrans sends his prisoners in this direction instead of through his lines, I know of no point to which rebel prisoners can be sent for exchange except City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

