
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDANT OF PRISONS,Camp Chase, Ohio, March 7, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati.

GENERAL: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to report to you for exchange all prisoners of war in my custody coming under General Orders, Numbers 10, War Department, current series, to be sent beyond our lines at the earliest opportunity, and to ask you when and by what route they can be forwarded. I respectfully report that I have some fifty prisoners, officers and enlisted men, who come under paragraphs 6 and 7 of General Orders, Numbers 10, and they can be forwarded at a day's notice to whatever point you may designate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 11, 1863.

Honorable F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Virginia, Wheeling, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 5th instant is received, and in reply I have the honor to inform you that arrangements have been made for the departure from this city on Saturday next of a steamer with the political prisoners who are to be exchanged for citizens now held by the rebels at Richmond or elsewhere. The collecting together of those who are to be South has been attended with unavoidable delay, but I hope it will be but a few days now before all Union men who have suffered so much at the hands of the rebels will be restored to their friends. Doctor Hughes was paroled for thirty days by order of the Secretary of War to proceed to Richmond and effect the exchange of Samuel A. Pancoast for himself, but as yet I have not heard that he has either effected the exchange or returned himself.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Chicago, Ill., March 11, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I find the condition of the prisoners at Camp Douglas much improved. The barracks have all been repaired. The fence which was partly torn down by the paroled men has been reconstructed. The barracks are not crowded and are comfortably heated. Each one is provided with a comfortable bunk, and the prisoners are in every way as comfortably provided for as our own troops. The camp is under the command of Brigadier General Jacob Ammen, U. S. volunteers, who has given every care and attention to the troops and prisoners under his charge. He has confined himself strictly to your instructions and they are rigidly enforced. I find the camp in good police. The continuous

