
rainy weather together with the low location of the camp have been quite uncomfortable. A system of drainage has been established which when completed promises the best results. The labor is preformed by the prisoners themselves.

The guard of the prisoners is composed of the Sixty-third and One hundred and fourth Illinois and Ninth Vermont Infantry with a battery of the Illinois artillery, making a total of 1,737 enlisted men present for duty. The comissary department is under the charge of Captain C. C. Pomeroy, acting assistant commissary of subsistence and mustering and disbursing officer at Chicago. This department is conducted with economy and to the entire satisfaction of all interested. The rations were found to be good, wholesome and of the first quality. The reduced ration is issued in accordance with your instructions. Captain Pomeroy resides in Chicago and his duties as mustering officer require a large share of his attention. He employees an agent who remains constantly at the camp. The number of troops and prisoners at Camp Douglas would warrant and require that no officer of the commissary department should be stationed there. The rations are furnished by contract at a cost of $14. 43 per 100 rations; William F. Tucker, of Chicago, contractor. The quartermaster's department is under the charge of Captain J. A. Potter, assistant quartermaster at Chicago, having for his assistants Capts. J. P. Rutherford and Charles Goodman, assistant quartermasters, U. S. volunteers, at the camp. The affairs of the quartermaster's department are properly and economically administered. There is no necessity for two quartermasters at this camp and I respectfully recommend that Captain J. P. Rutherford be relieved. Captain Rutherford is senior to Captain Potter in date of commission, although acting in a subordinate capacity. Captain Potter concurs with me in this recommendation, which will prevent any conflict in regard to rank.

The medical department is under the charge of Dr. George H. Park, surgeon Sixty-faith Illinois Infantry. I found the hospitals generally neat and clean are well supplied with costs and bedding. The sick prisoners were well cared for. The medical supplies were sufficient. Doctor Park is kind in his treatment of the sick prisoners and endeavors to perform his duties satisfactory. He is zealous, energetic and attentive and will endeavor faithfully to cary out your instructions. He has four physicians employed by contract as his assistants with the prisoners. There has been and still is a large amount of sickness here. This is to be attributed mainly to the fact the when these prisoners came up the river they were crowded upon transports without proper protection from the weather and without proper facilities for cooking their rations. They were delayed en route, many of them, sick, with only the clothing they had on their backs. They had been subjected to much exposure for some days previous to their capture and were literally broken down in health and spirits. On this arrival 800 were under medical treatment. Among the prisoners are four persons who represent themselves to be medical officers of the C. S. Army. I have no reason to doubt their statement. No roll accompanied them by which to verify statements. They represent themselves as follows, viz: D. F. Stewart, surgeon Tenth Texas Regiment; Thomas C. Foster, assistant surgeon Tenth Texas Regiment; John A. Schomblin, assistant surgeon Fifteenth Texas Regiment; James W. Motley, assistant surgeon Seventeenth Texas Regiment. These medical officers are employed at the prisoners's hospital and their services are quite valuable. They desire to remain and take care of their sick fellow-prisoners. The commanding officer has permitted them to remain until he receives contrary

