SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 78. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 11, 1863.

* * * *

III. Lieutenant Colonel S. Eastman, First U. S. Infantry, military commander, Cincinnati, will send under charge of an officer the rebel surgeons now in his charge in Cincinnati, Ohio, to Columbus, Ohio, where they will be joined by the rebel surgeon Haldeman and the two nurses there held by the military commander, whence they will proceed to Baltimore, Md., where they will be turned over to the military commander to be sent to City Point. The officer in charge will see that these prisoners are not allowed to communicate with persons along the route to Baltimore, and will obtain from the military commander a receipt for their delivery. On the completion of this duty the officer will return and report to the military commander, Cincinnati, Ohio. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Wright:

W. P. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 12, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

The matter of paroled has once been decided by the Secretary of War. He has your telegrams and if he reserves his decision you will be duly notified.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON,

Yazoo River, March 12, 1863.

Acting Master GEORGE HENTIG, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Curlew.

SIR: Your communication in relation to the detention of two men claiming to be under a flag of truce has been received. It is desirable that flags of truce should be respected when properly sent, but the men should have gone off when told that Captain Sutherland was not on the station. Allow the men to return to Colonel Ferguson and inform him that Captain Sutherland has left the squadron and is in Saint Louis; that I have received a communication from General Stevenson on the part of General Pemberton which I have answered which will perhaps render it unnecessary to send any more flags of truce in relation to this matter.

Send Colonel Ferguson a copy of this letter.

Very respectfully,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 12, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: The board convened by your order of March 3, 1863 for the purpose of considering the present status or condition under the laws

