
were preferred were sent to Camp Chase, Ohio. All prisoners of war were forwarded via Cairo to Vicksburg for exchange.

On Sunday, the 30th, I inspected the prison, the main entrance to which is on Broadway, near Tenth street. The prison is a temporary one, erected on the inside of a square, three sides of which are formed by the quarters of the Thirty-fourth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, which constitutes the guard of the prison. The prison quarters are temporary frame buildings, conveniently arranged, entirely separated from the quarters of the troops and inclosed by a high fence, which includes sufficient grounds for exercise. The guards were suitably posted and the prison was as secure as possible for a temporary one. It was under the command of Lieutenant Colonel L. H. Ferrell, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Volunteers. The capacity of the prison accommodations is about 300, but can be readily extended to 1,000 with but little expense. The food furnished the prisoners was ample for their subsistence and of the first quality. The cooking arrangements were excellent. The cooks were contrabands. The prison was crowded, containing over 300, but their general health was quite good. The police of the prison is good. The hospital is separate from the prison but is within the main inclosure. It is used by the guard and prisoners. It is under the charge of Asst. Surg. George W. Ronald, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Volunteers, and is superior in neatness and comfort to any I have yet visited. There is no reason why the regulations as contained in your circular of July 7 should not be enforced here, but the charges that daily occur will cause it to be difficult to maintain the division or company organization as directed in paragraph I of that circular. Paragraph XI will also require alteration. All other paragraphs may be strictly enforced. A prisoners' fund may be accumulated here to great advantage to the Government. Although your regulations have not been enforced here everything in relation to the prison has been conducted with due regard to economy to carry out the intentions of the Government and to secure to the prisoners kind but firm treatment. The following releases and transfers have occurred since November 1 to November 24, inclusive, viz: 2,417 prisoners of war sent to Cairo, Ill. ; 74 recent recruits from General Bragg's army sent to Cairo, Ill. ; 190 deserters from the rebel army, natives of England, Ireland and Scotland and claiming to belong to Northern States, discharged upon oath of allegiance; 186 deserters, recent recruits, who joined Bragg while in Kentucky, discharged on oath and bond; 30 political prisoners sent to Camp Chase; 50 political prisoners discharged on oath and bond; 2 political prisoners sent to Vicksburg for exchange. I inclose herewith a roll* of the prisoners confined at Louisville, which will explain their character. I also inclose herewith a letter from the provost-marshal-general.

Respectfully submitted.

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third U. S. Infty., Assistant to Com. General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., December 1, 1862.

Captain FREEDLEY.

SIR: In the short interview with you on yesterday you requested me to state in writing the various suggestions made on the occasion.

First. The duties of provost-marshal at this point are very onerous, as you will perceive by examination of prison report. Wherefore the

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

