
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 12, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: Your letters of the 7th and 10th instant have been received. I return herewith the order on Captain Sullivan for $1,000 approved. You have not yet furnished me an account of the camp fund as required by my instructions of the 11th of November last. As the savings are paid by the commissary in Baltimore instead of the commissary at your camp the account must be kept in your name unless you prefer to make your commissary your treasurer, in which case he can make the disbursements on your order and the accounts will be rendered through you as directed. You will immediately prepare and submit to me an account for February showing the receipts and expenditures with vouchers. This fund must be carefully expended for the relief of the troops at the camp, and to this end much may be used in making them comfortable in their quarters. Be careful that the funds are not lavished on employees or in the purchase of articles not for the benefit of the men. Tobacco may be purchased from time to time in reasonable quantities.

My instructions in relation to company kitchens and cooking boilers have not been carried out. These are things of the first importance and must be attended to without delay. If your engineer corps cannot accomplish better results they do not earn their extra pay. The little pens which have been put up for quarters are more than useless and the labor and money expended on them has been worse than thrown away. I shall probably direct a change in the location of the camp within its present ground or near the railroad, and until you get further instructions you need only make your arrangements for putting your camp in its best possible condition. Captain Lazelle will visit your camp early next week to advise with you on the subject.

The General-in-Chief has referred the matter of a suitable guard for the camp to General Schenck which I hope will relieve you from any further trouble on this account. As soon as I can find suitable officers not on parole available for the service several will be detailed to report to you to assist in conducting the affairs of the camp. Under all the circumstances your management of the camp is very satisfactory. When anything in discipline or good order is deficient I attribute it not to any want of attention or energy on ; your part but mainly to the peculiar character of the command and the want of the assistance of reliable officers which your numerous duties absolutely require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, March 13, 1863.

Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, U. S. Army.

SIR: The Secretary of the Navy has by letter requested that certain prisoners may be held in confinement at Fort Lafayette, captured by the navy. He refers in his letter to the proclamation of Jeff. Davis abrogating the terms of the cartel announced in orders of the 25th September, 1862 (agreed upon in July), but over and above this he seems to think that the Navy ought to have been represented in the making of the cartel.

