
At all events he requests that in case of any new cartel being made an officer of the Navy may be associated with the commission employed in making it. The prisoners referred to (in Fort Lafayette) are not considered as coming under the existing cartel, so far as they were not captured in armed vessels but on board of merchant vessels engaged in attempting to run the blockade.

Upon referring this subject to the Secretary of War he has directed that the prisoners in question are not to be exchanged.

It is to be hoped that as far as possible exchanges may continue to be made and if difficulties arise that they may be the subject of friendly intercourse under the ninth article of the cartel. We must do all we can in the name of humanity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 13, 1863.

Honorable RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.

SIR: In reply to your communication, through General Fuller, of the 23rd ultimo, I have the honor to inclose herewith an extract from a report made by Captain Lazelle, U. S. Army, under my instructions, of the condition of the paroled troops at Camp Parole, and particularly in regard to the matter referred to in your letter. The report will assure you that nothing has been neglected in the arrangements for the comfortable reception in every way of troops arriving at Annapolis. Captain Lazelle speaks of one case where men were for one night not as well provided for as they should have been, but this arose from unavoidable circumstances which at that time could not be guarded against. I regret to say that there is a spirit of discontent and fault-finding among officers and men under such circumstances which induces them to exaggerate the inconveniences they experience rather than by a little effort on their own part to remove them entirely. All paroled troops at Annapolis belonging to regiments serving in the West have been ordered to the camps designated for their occupation in General Orders, Numbers 72 of June 28, 1862.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 13, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Please inform me when the Western prisoners will be delivered at Vicksburg. I must give some information on this subject to Mr. Ould.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

