
I think that the recommendations of Captain Lazelle if carried out will materially improve the condition of things at the camp and I respectfully recommend them to the favorable consideration of those in authority.

I have retained Captain Lazelle's report but will return it to department headquarters in a few days.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in explanation of my orders to the provost-marshal in relation to rebel prisoners and deserters received from the Army of the Potomac, that at the request of the provost-marshal-general of the Army of the Potomac and with the approbation of the General-in-Chief I have directed that deserters from the rebel army should be forwarded to the commanding general in Philadelphia, there to be released on taking the oath of allegiance. In the case where an order for rebel prisoners of war to be sent North was issued in my name by Captain Hartz, assistant adjutant-general, he was led astray by the letter from the office of the provost-marshal-general of the Army of the Potomac which accompanied the prisoners and which stated that they were rebel prisoners paroled to go North. Hereafter I will guard against such mistakes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HAMMOND GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Beaufort, N. C., March 18, 1863.

Surg. F. G. SNELLING,

Medical Director, Eighteenth Army Corps, New Berne, N. C.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting to you a report of the condition of the prisoners' quarters at Fort Macon. I would, however, state that it is made by direction of Surg. F. S. Ainsworth, U. S. volunteers, by whose order I visited the sick there previous to receiving the special order from Lieutenant-Colonel Hoffman, whenever a boat could be had. Their quarters are in the northeast casemate of the inner parapet, so that sunshine never enters to such an extent as to make printed matter discernible in all parts of the room, consequently the place is constantly damp. The dimensions are as follows: Length 24 feet, breadth 17 feet, height at center of the arch 13 feet, height to commencement of the arch 7 1/3 feet, making the cubical contents about 3,180 feet, giving to each of the 24 occupants about 130 cubic feet, which I submit is too contracted a space for a human being. I have from my first visit at the fort repeatedly called the attention of the commander, Major Giles, Third New York Artillery, to this crowded room and have advised that they should be provided with more space, of which there is enough. To obtain some data in regard to the healthiness of this damp place I consulted the report of surgeon's call back to the 18th of February,

