
1 and 2 will hold. Instead of building them houses I would put them in tents, or at least I would build nothing more than kitchens for them to cook in.

This fence could be made from the fence around Prison Numbers 3, in part. There is also I understand at Camp Lew. Wallace a large amount of lumber in vacant quarters that is liable every day to be stolen, as there are no soldiers there to prevent it. That could be hauled here and used for that purpose without purchasing any new lumber to build either fence or kitchens. Another thing in favor of this arrangement would be that it would take less men and officers for guard than under the present arrangement and would be entirely separate from the soldiers' quarters. But the great benefit would be to remove the prisons from the center of the camp and to get rid of the nuisance arising from its sewerage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS J. KERR.]

[Indorsement.]

COLONEL: The above was written by Captain Kerr, of the quartermaster's department, and he wishes my approval. It would seem from the above that our prisons are full. This is not the case. We can accommodate 800 more prisoners than we have now. Prisons Nos. 1 and 2 will not accommodate all that are here and as our guard force is small that a less number of guards may be sufficient Prison 1 is vacated and Prison 2 and a large portion of Prison 3 is occupied. I heartily approve of the above in all respects except as regards the use of tents. It seems to me that the style of barracks in Prisons 1 and 2 are preferable. That the prison might be removed from the center of the camp is very desirable. Were the prisons all together the same number of guards would be sufficient for double the number of prisoners now here.

Hoping that you will give this subject your consideration.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., March 19, 1863.

Memorandum of condition of public affairs in Indiana to be submitted to the President* and honorable Secretary of War.

I submit facts that are within my personal knowledge indicative of the sentiment a underlie domestic treason in Indiana.

I. - ORIGIN AND PROGRESS.

About the time of the draft the Kinghts of the Golden Circle organized to break up the army. I have abundant affidavits and adequate proof. I advised the honorable Secretary of War as well as the President in personal communications. Their success was considerable until the arrest and conviction of John O. Brown, now under sentence of death suspended at my request, that he my be used as a witness before the U. S. district court in May next. The oaths embodied:

1. To secure the assertion of soldiers with their arms and the protection of said deserters.

---------------

* See p. 108 for Carrington to Stanton, December 22, 1862.

---------------

