
it counsels resistance to the conscript act. I should like discretionary power in Indiana in this particular, if the Government contemplated any interference with the press, should conscription be resisted. I believe that no person should be allowed in sober and deliberate mood to support the arch traitor Davis by act or word of mouth. Union farmers in their innocence come to me and say that such a person "Hurrahs for Jeff. Davis; what shall we do?" This seems a small matter, but I say in all seriousness that the feelings of retired countrymen are as much irritated by this as a citizen of the town would be by armed treason. This delicate sense of national honor in the rustic is not to be overlooked and we cannot spare the men whose feelings revolt at such cries. We are at the crisis. We shall pass it safely. But we must encourage the loyal Union men; they must feel that they are protected. Disloyal men if their name be legion must feel that they are in danger. When the detachment under my command passed through Livingston to arrest Judge Constable, of Marshall, Ill., a gray headed old man knelt down in the mud, crying, as he prayed, "Thank the Almighty Father we have a Government again. "

The Government must be felt as the protector of the people. Now is the time. Come what will, firmness is our safety and the result is certain. Victory in the field is valuable, but we must show the power and goodness of the Government at home or disaster in the field will have ten-ford damage here and victory in the field will lose half its force.

Respectfully submitted,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Colonel Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding at Indianapolis.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 19, 1863.

Brigadier General JACOB AMMEN,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

GENERAL: I desire to call your attention to the circular issued from this office July 7, 1862,* for the government and care of prisoners of war, and particularly to the disbursement of the prison fund. By reference to article 5 of the circular you will see how it is to be accumulated, how used and for what purposes. The principal object of the fund is to make the prisoners as comfortable as circumstances will admit and at the same time to relieve the Government as far as possible of the expense of their keeping. It is not desirable to accumulate any large fund on hand, nor is it intended to be wasted in the purchase of articles not necessary to the health and comfort of the prisoners or in the purchase of an undue quantity of luxuries. A reasonable quantity of tobacco may be purchased, vegetable, &amp;c., and any surplus after the purchase of necessaries will be used to purchase clothing, fuel, straw and in the payment of such incidental expenses consequent upon the care of prisoners which are now paid by the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Colonel William F. Lynch, commanding Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill., and officer commanding military prison, Alton, Ill.)

---------------

* See Vol. IV, this Series, p. 152.

---------------

