
IUKA, MISS., March 19, 1863.

Colonel HANNON, C. S. Army,

Commanding at Tuscumbia, Ala.

COLONEL: On the 15th in violation of the cartel by which the hospital was established at this point Captain J. N. George, C. S. Army, with fifty men more or less burned two bridges or trestles between the villages of Iuka and Burnsville, thereby rendering the railroad impassable for cars between here and Corinth.

If the above-mentioned acts were committed under orders emanating from Confederate authorities or are sanctioned by the same I, as the Federal officer in charge of the Confederate hospital at Iuka, demand of you as the successor of Colonel Roddey, with thom the last agreement in regard to the neutrality was made, to be placed with my assistants, all U. S. property brought here for the use of the hospital and our personal baggage beyond the break in the railroad, say the village of Burnsville, under a flag of truce, where we can abe reached by a train from Corinth under a similar flag, leaving the Confederate sick and wounded and attendants now in hospital upon your hands, without rations, taking back with me to Corinth the present amount on hand, medicines and hospital stores; or if you deny the authority and condemn the burning of the railroad bridges I ask for official permission for the citizens with any assistance that may be sent from our lines unmolested to rebuild the bridges and put the road in running order again. The citizens of Burnsville, Iuka and vicinities have expressed a willingness to rebuild the bridges with the consent of the Confederate commander at Tuscumbia, Ala., and a safeguard for the future protection of everything connected with this hospital until it is broken up, which in my judgment can be done within tree weeks.

For any particulars regarding the cartel and how far the Federals have carried it out on their part I respectfully refer you to any C. S. Army surgeon who has been on duty at this hospital, especially Surgs. D. S. Roberts, J. C. Roberts and Felton.

Hoping that our official and personal relations may be as pleasant as that of your worthy predecessor, Colonel Roddey,

I remain, your obedient servant,

A. B. STEWART,

U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director Confederate Hospital, Iuka.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 20, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding at Fort Monroe, Va.

GENERAL: I send herewith copies of a letter from the State Department dated the of the inclosure to which reference is therein made, and am directed by the Secretary of War to request that you will forward to its destination the inclosed sealed package addressed to Mr. E. William de Voss, Bremen consul at Richmond, Va., and that you will also issue the requisite orders to enable Mr. De Voss and family to come within our lines, together with their personal effects by means of any truce boat of which they may desire to avail themselves, provided Mr. De Voss shall before entering our lines give a written assurance-

1. That neither himself nor any member of his family has rendered any aid or support directly or indirectly to the rebel cause during the period of his residence in the rebel States.

