
2. That neither himself nor any member of his family has undertaken to execute any commission for any person beyond our lines; nor to bring any written or verbal message nor any other matter or thing for or from any person beyond our lines, nor will execute any such commission.

3. That neither himself nor any member of his family will bring or deliver any letter, message, matter or thing except what properly belongs to the official business of his consulate or his own Government or that of the United States, excepting also the personal effects of himself and family.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, March 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter to Mr. E. W. de Voss, consul of Bremen at Richmond, Va., addressed to him by the minister of the Hanseatic Republics. I annex also a transcript of the minister's note which accompanied the letter to Mr. De Voss, and will thank you if there be no objections to such a course to comply with the wishes of Mr. Schleiden.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HANSEATIC LEGATION,

Washington, D. C., March 10, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The Bremen consul at Richmond, Va., Mr. Edward William de Voss, has requested me by letter, dated the 19th ultimo and just received under flag of truce, to grant him a leave of absence for the purpose of visiting Europe, accompanied by his wife, his three children, aged from three to ten years, and a nurse, and to cause the necessary orders to be given that he may embark with his said family on board one of the first steamers proceeding under a flag of truce to Fortress Monroe to continue his voyage by the way of New York to Bremen. Appreciating the motives of his request I have complied with the same, have issued a passport for Mr. Consul De Voss and family and appointed his partner and brother-in-law, Mr. Frederick William Hanewirickel, as acting consul and the necessary instructions to be forwarded under flag of truce to its destination. I entreat you at the same time to be pleased to cause the necessary orders to be given to the commanding general at Fortress Monroe that Mr. Consul De Voss and his family may be allowed to proceed under flag of truce through the military lines of the Federal Army for the purpose of proceeding to New York where he is to embark for Bremen. As you have under similar circumstances extended on the 5th of April last a similar favor to the Bremen consul at Savannah, Mr. H. Muller, I am confident that you will cheerfully comply with my present request, and beg beforehand to accept my thanks for doing so.

I am, sir, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

R. SCHLEIDEN.

