
access and the necessary barracks provided at them Camps Morton, near Indianapolis, Ind., and Butler, near Springfield, Ill., offer good points for collecting together the paroled troops of these two States, and the chief objection to this arrangement is that other States more remote to which transportation would be very expensive would expect like camps to be established within their borders. There are no troops more difficult to control, officers and men, than those on parole, and the greater the number assembled at any one camp the greater the difficulty, and for this reason it would be advisable to have additional camps in the West, provided reliable and efficient commanders could be found for them. The two camps named and Camp Douglas, at Chicago, are now occupied by rebel prisoners of war who will in a few days be delivered at City Point when the camps may be occupied by our paroled troops. Camp Douglas might be designated for the regiments from Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa and Minnesota, which would bring the men much nearer to their homes than as at present located without great additional cost.

It is possible that conceding this much to State feelings might produce good effect in reconciling men to the irksome restraints and ennui of the parole camp thereby bringing about a better state of discipline than now prevails and which is so much to be desired. At all events it would remove in great part the grounds for the many complaints now so often presented. At each camp of paroled troops there should be a suitable guard with officers for the staff departments who are not on parole, and the duties which the paroled troops may properly be called on to perform should always be pointed out in general orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary General of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 21, 1863.

If deemed necessary the number of parole camps may be increased. not advisable to have particular camps for the troops of particular States. If they know they are to be sent home to their own States when paroled it serves as an inducement to surrender to the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. S., March 20, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: After a conversation with Major-General Heintzelman in relation to the advantages of Camp Banks for paroled troops I agree with him that it would be to the interest of the service to break it up and transfer the exchanged men who are mostly invalids to the convalescent camp, and those still on parole to Camp Parole. I am informed by the general that at the convalescent camps accommodations can be set aside, especially for such paroled troops as cannot be provided for at Camp Parole, and by this arrangement the officers now at Camp banks can be assigned to duty at Camp Parole or so many of them as may be necessary. Colonel de Korponay's services will not be required and he may be ordered to his regiment. I would therefore

