
respectfully recommend that instructions be given for the breaking up of Camp Banks and for carrying out the above suggestions. I am informed at the headquarters of General Heintzelman that Captain S. W. Burbank, Fourteenth Infantry, and Lieutenant H. Asbury, Third Infantry, are in the city and available for service at Camp Parole in consequence of impaired health, and I have to request that they may be ordered there for duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, March 20, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: There are a number of Confederate officers and men who have been declared exchanged and who are yet within our lines. It is very desirable that they should be delivered as soon as possible. Some of our own officers captured at Hartsville and declared exchanged are now in Richmond and can be delivered to us as soon as there is reciprocity. Can you not arrange to have the Confederate officers and men above referred to put on board of the State of Maine, now on her way to Washington with citizen and other released prisoners? The State of Maine can bring back here 800. If you send 200 citizen prisoners, 600 others can be also sent. Have you lists of all the Confederate officers in your custody? Shall be in Washington on Monday next and will call upon you. I have propositions for exchange of officers to submit to the Secretary of War, and if accepted by him the exchanges can be immediately thereafter made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

STEAMER STATE OF MAINE, Washington, March 20, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to cal your attention to the complaints of a number of citizen prisoners sent in my charge from Washington on the 14th instant on board steamer State of Maine to City Point, Va., for delivery and exchange, in regard to certain private funds which they allege had been taken possession of by officials having them in charge and which were to have been returned to them. On my arrival at City Point, Va., a number of the prisoners demanded of me their money of which I had no knowledge and so informed them, whereupon they represented that upon application to Mr. Wood, keeper of the Old Capitol Prison, just previous to having been sent on board the steamer for the funds belonging to them respectively he had informed them that the amounts belonging to each individual would be place in my hands for delivery to them on our arrival at City Point. This was not done nor was any reference whatever made to me about money until after I had left Washington and as above stated. Of this, however, I was unable to convince a portion of the claimants and was by some denounced as a Yankee robber, &amp;c. Robert Ould, esq., Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners, officially called my attention to this

