
matter and informed me that he was authorized to receive any funds belonging to prisoners whenever forwarded and claimed that those referred to in this communication should be.

I submit the foregoing statement for your consideration, and have the honor to be,

Your obedient servant,

JOHN E. MULFORD,

Captain, Commanding Flag of Truce, James River.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 31, 1863.

Mr. Wood will report on this with the other papers delivered to him this morning.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., March 21, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding at Charleston, S. C.

SIR: I have the honor to communicate for your information a general order* issued by the War Department of the United States promulgating the rules and principles which will hereafter be observed and enforced in U. S. Armies in relation to paroles.

I have the honor, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, March 21, 1863.

Captain CRANDALL, Washington, Mo.:

It is charged that you resist the civil process in Washington relating to fugitive slaves of loyal masters. If true you exceed the laws and orders on this subject. You should not interfere with slaves of loyal owners either to restrain or deliver up, but as far you can avoid trouble with them.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 21, 1863.

The commissary-general of prisoners will issue the articles of clothing that may be necessary to the citizen prisoners who have just arrived from Richmond. By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH ALABAMA,Florence, March 21, 1863.

Surgeon STEWART:

SIR: Your communication of the 19th instant addressed to Colonel Hannon, commanding C. S. forces at Tuscumbia, has been laid before me.

The existence of any "cartel by which the hospital was established at Iuka" is a matter wholly unknown to me or any officer now in this

---------------

* See p. 306.

---------------

