
command. To know whether it has been violated we must first have a copy. It was natural, however, for us to suppose that some agreement of neutrality as to the particular place where the hospitals were established had been made. Before, however, you can ask us to carry out any agreement the terms of the agreement must be known. A copy then of any paper [in] writing concerning this matter is requested with the assurance that as far as practicable it will be cheerfully conformed to.

The "demand" to be placed with your assistants and property beyond the break of the railroad need not be considered until the matter can be settled as any violation of a cartel on our part.

So far as I am now informed the destruction of the railroad was a proper act of military defense and as at present advised is justified by me. Neither will any one be permitted to reconstruct it so far as I can prevent until sufficient testimony is shown that it was embraced in an agreement to do so.

All the property of yourself, assistants and of the United States at Iuka will be protected by our forces and delivered to do you to be removed so far as the same relates to the hospitals there should you determine to leave. The rations, however, should be left with the sick and wounded and nothing could justify an act leaving them to starve.

It will not be expected that the recent outrages committed at and near Tuscumbia by a band of robbers from Corinth shall go unpunished; if so, those who think so will be disappointed.

Your expression of a desire for pleasant relations in conducting the hospitals at Iuka are heartily reciprocated and nothing will be done to bring about any different state of feeling.

For the delivery of the hospital furniture, &amp;c., belonging to the ladies of Florence and Tuscumbia, we acknowledge an act of courtesy usual to your profession.

The parties referred to in your letter who can give particulars of cartel are not here to do so, and therefore I will await your reply to this.

I have surgeon, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. M. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General CANBY, War Department.

GENERAL: In order to account properly for the issue of clothing to citizen prisoners just received from Richmond it will be necessary that the order of the Secretary of War should accompany the vouchers. The Secretary directs me this morning to make the issue and I will be obliged to you if you will give me an order to that effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 21, 1863.

Brigadier General W. A. HAMMOND, Surgeon-General.

GENERAL: I cannot answer your note of this morning in a better way then by furnishing you with an extract from Captain Freedley's

