
report of an inspection made by him under my instruction of the condition of the prisons at Camp Douglas. * This will assure you that there is no just foundation for the complaints contained in the accompanying note.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 21, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Military District of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: The steamer State of Maine will leave this city early next week, possibly on Tuesday, for Fort Monroe, and I have respectfully to request that all enlisted prisoners of war belonging to the rebel army now at the Old Capitol Prison may be sent on her to report to Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners, at Fort Monroe, Va., under charge of Captain John E. Mulford, Third New York Volunteers, who will be on the steamer with a guard prepared to receive them. The prisoners are to be delivered at City Point for exchange and I have to request that duplicate rolls may be sent with them. If there are any rebel officers in the prison whose exchanges have already been announced in orders I have respectfully to request that they may be delivered at City Point at the same time. By direction of the Secretary of War the Rev. J. P. B. Wilmer, now in the Old Capitol Prison, will be sent on the State of Maine under a guard to Fort Monroe and delivered to Major-General Dix to be forthwith placed beyond the U. S. lines at City Point. He is not to be permitted to have communication with any unauthorized person until he is beyond our lines. Please give the necessary orders to have the Secretary's instructions carried out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL DEPOT RECRUITING SERVICE MISSOURI VOLS.,

Benton Barracks, Mo., March 21, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 46, + current series, I respectfully submit the following report of stragglers from the Army, paroled, exchanged or otherwise, who have reported at this post for the period beginning March 10 and ending March 20, inclusive, to wit, two commissioned officers [and] twenty-eight enlisted men. Further I would report on my actions to carry out this order that I have caused 100 copies of it and an extract from General Orders, Numbers 72, December, 1862, to be printed. These I distributed to all regular officers on duty in this State with instructions to make reports and act in accordance thereto (see copy of order inclosed). + I also had the order published for six days in the daily paper of this city which has the largest circu-

---------------

* See p. 343.

---------------

+ See p. 288.

+ Omitted.

