
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 7, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WM. H. LUDLOW, Fort Monroe, Agent, &amp;c.:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to say in answer to the interrogatory in your letter of the 4th instant that the reception by the Confederates of the women and children we sent cannot be reciprocated by the reception of those they send. If the Confederates refuse to receive them we can bring them back. If they advise you in time that they will not be received none will be forwarded. I have now a large number (150) of applications.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Near Annapolis, Md., December 7, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions of the 29th instant [ultimo] I have the honor to submit the following report:

After a thorough investigation of all the points spoken of in your letter I would respectfully refer you to the orders issued from these headquarters from time to time showing that the practices of which you spoke have been suppressed as far as I have had the power to do so.

So far as murder is concerned no official report has ever reached me; neither had I heard of any previous to the date of your letter, and am satisfied none ever occurred as shown by the accompanying report of the commandant of cavalry.

The whole trouble arises in my opinion from not having a sufficient guard - 175 is the whole number of men and officers on guard duty. I have not only issued orders to the commandant of the guard but made the proper requisition on Colonel John F. Staunton, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for a proper guard according to instructions from Major-General Wool, a copy of which is inclosed, together with the letters sent to Colonel Staunton and to which I received no reply.

The instructions to the guard which I inclose will show what steps have been taken to suppress drunkenness and the concomitant evils.

I relation to the murders reported to the Secretary of War I have found one of the men who made it, and his examination now pending has delayed this paper.

So far he has proved nothing and the testimony will be forwarded to you in a few days.

The condition of the camp is all I could desire and in accordance with your orders, except the deficiency in a guard to enforce them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP PAROLED PRISONERS,

Near Annapolis, Md., December 7, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Paroled Prisoners, near Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 122, from your headquarters, dated December 7, 1862, I have personally superintended a thorough search of the woods and fields

