
wagons were unable to reach the camp from Springfield. The camp was indeed exceedingly muddy and it was almost impossible to enforce any police regulations, but had proper attention been paid to drainage there would have been no necessity of its being in such a wretched condition. I applied to Captain Bailhache, assistant quartermaster at Springfield, and he temporarily furnished three additional wagons for the use of the camp. As soon as these reached camp they were enabled to supply it with wood and some measures were taken to have it properly policed.

The prisoners' barracks, internally and without, were exceedingly filthy, the prisoners taking no means or trouble to insure their own cleanliness or comfort although every necessary means was within their reach. The officers in charge of the camp did not attempt to enforce cleanliness among the prisoners and appeared not to be aware of its importance. The prisoners on their part were content to remain in indolence amidst filth and vermin.

The duties of the adjutant's office have been properly performed. I have examined the books and records and find them correct. The money accounts have been properly kept and all remittances are recorded and receipts given. Proper economy is exercised in all the accounts of the prisoners. I found everything in this office satisfactorily performed. The quartermaster's department is under the charge of Captain Bailhache, assistant quartermaster, U. S. volunteers, having for his assistant at the camp Lieutenant George Sawin, regimental quartermaster Fifty-eighth Illinois Volunteers. Affairs in this department have been administered with proper economy but there has been a disposition to do as little as possible to promote the comfort of the prisoners. No expense has been incurred in their behalf. On my arrival I found many destitute of proper clothing and succeeded in obtaining for their use a small quantity of gray clothing (somewhat damaged) which had been turned over by the State of Illinois to the quartermaster's department. This issue supplied all their immediate wants.

The barracks occupied by the prisoners are sadly in need of repairs. New bunks should be constructed, additional modes of ventilation provided while repairs in floor and roof are required. There have been no repairs to this camp for some time and it presents a general appearance of neglect. It appears that this camp was built by Captain Charles B. Watson, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, late mustering and disbursing officer at Springfield, out of the fund collecting, organizing and recruiting U. S. volunteers. Upon being relieved Captain Watson did not turn over this camp to his successor and consequently it is not properly accounted for nor kept in that state of repair that the interests of the service demand. The repairs required by this camp do not require much expense to the Government and the labor could all be performed by the prisoners.

The commissary department is under the charge of Captain Ninian W. Edwards, acting commissary of subsistence, U. S. volunteers, at Springfield, having for his assistant at the camp Lieutenant John H. Barret, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, acting assistant commissary of subsistence. The rations furnished are good and wholesome. The reduced ration is issued. The affairs of this department are conducted with a due regard to economy and in every respect satisfactory. The rations are furnished by contract at a cost of $14. 97 per 100 rations; Fowler &amp; Co., of Springfield, contractors.

