HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 22, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

I am directed by the department commander to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant and to call your attention to the inclosed special order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 103. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 21, 1863.

I. As soon as the quartermaster's department can provide the necessary transportation via the Pittsburgh and Baltimore route and so arrange for the movements as to time that different parties will not interfere with each other on the Pittsburgh and Baltimore road all enlisted prisoners of the rebel army at Camp Chase, Ohio; Camp Morton, Indiana; Camps Douglas and Butler, Illinois, and Louisville, Ky., will be sent to City Point for delivery. Colonel Thomas Swords, assistant quartermaster-general, U. S. Army, quartermaster-general Department of the Ohio, is charged with the duty of arranging the matter of transportation necessary and on being notified by him as to the proper time of starting the commanding officers at Louisville and the camps named will send the parties forward under proper guards.

By order of Major-General Wright:

W. P. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,

Near Annapolis, Md., March 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you a complete account of my savings and expenditures up to date since the 1st of September. It will be seen that the savings to the 1st of March, 1863, is $17,143. 65 and the amount drawn $9,000. Out for that are vouchers for $8,232. 74, leaving a balance on hand of $767. 26, a part of which has gone per Adams Express to pay bills and return the proper vouchers, which will speak for themselves at the end of the month when I make up my final statement for this month. I have things so arranged in my office that my monthly accounts will be promptly sent you at the end of each month. You will perceive that these headquarters have cost on an average for the last six months $207 to pay clerks, &amp;c., for the labor done in this office, and then I have worked my men at least fifteen hours per day. The commissary department of my camp has cost on an average of $140 per month. The quartermaster's department has cost on an average of $151 per month, and all the work otherwise done by the quartermaster of the post, who pays $25 per month, I have had done for $7. 75 and $12 per month, $7. 75 to the teamsters and laborers and $12 or $12. 40 to clerks and chief men.

The whole work of my department has not cost the Government one cent beyond the wear and tear of horses and wagons. All the buildings for the departments and stables for over 140 horses are our property and cost the Government nothing, which I hope will give general

