
satisfaction. The amount of bills due are $2,486. 20 and the amount on hand $767. 26. I have inclosed drafts for approval for $2,000 so as to be able to make as close a settlement at the end of this month as possible. Captain Lazelle informs me that you did not receive my return of savings for the month of February which I sent you on the 10th instant and inclose* now. It is the smallest monthly savings which I have yet had, which shows that such a commissary as Captured never suit for this camp. For instance I find where there was a quart of molasses due he would issue one gallon and such like issues. I am much pleased with the visit of Captain Lazelle and believe the plans proposed by him to be of great importance. He is an officer of large experience and thoroughly acquainted with details which makes him fully adapted to make an investigation and suggestions such as are needed for such a camp as this. It encourages me much and I hope his suggestions will be adopted at once.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 22, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: In reply to your note of this morning relative to the issue of clothing to certain citizen prisoners and asking how this issue can be made so as to have the clothing properly accounted for I am directed by the Quartermaster General to inform you that there is a quantity of irregular clothing on hand from which such issues may be made and that you will be supplied with such garments as you may make requisition for that purpose. The clothing being turned over to your control the issuing officer should be instructed to take the receipts of the parties receiving it as required by the regulations in the case of issues of like nature to soldiers, and in addition the receipts should be accompanied by certified copies of the Secretary's order authorizing the issue and the certificate of the officer that the issue is strictly in accordance therewith.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX J. PERRY,

Assistant Quartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 22, 1863.

J. C. WETMORE, Esq.,

344 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The Secretary of War requests that you will have the Ohio prisoners belonging to the detachment sent out by General Mitchel who have just returned from Richmond report at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning to the Judge-Advocate-General, Colonel Holt, in order to have their examinations taken touching the circumstances of their capture and their treatment and in respect to the execution of certain of their number.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. HALL.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

