
is under the charge of Captain James A. Ekin, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, at Indianapolis, having for his assistant Captain John H. Moore, assistant quartermaster, U. S. volunteers, stationed at the camp. The duties of this department at all the camp are not all complicated and require but little time and attention. Captain Moore is an officer of but little experience, but endeavors faithfully and correctly to perform all his duties.

The commissary department is also under the charge of Captain Moore. The reduced ration of last year is issued. It is somewhat smaller than the one you have adopted but it is quite sufficient. The commissary supplies are furnished by Captain Thomas Foster, Jr., assistant commissary of subsistence, U. S. volunteers, at Indianapolis. The ration was found to be good and wholesome in all its parts.

The medical department is under the charge of Asst. Surg. A. N. Weir, Seventy-first Indiana Volunteers, having for his assistants Drs. D. Funkhauser and P. H. Jamison, physicians employed by contract, from the city of Indianapolis. I found the hospitals clean, well regulated but somewhat crowded. The dimensions of the buildings used as hospitals are as follows, viz, one 40 by 24 feet, the other 100 by 24. Besides these there were two small outbuildings. There were 172 prisoners under hospital treatment. The general health of this camp is quite good. Those in hospitals were all old cases, principally wounds. The mortality of this camp is not large. Twenty-three prisoners have died since their arrival. This is indeed quite small when the fact of all being sick or wounded on their arrival is taken into consideration. The cases now in hospital appear to be improving. There has been no smallpox at this camp. The prisoners' fund is rapidly accumulating. Proper economy has been exercised in its expenditure.

I must call your attention to the fact that the bake-house at this camp which not only bakes all the bread for the troops and prisoners in the camp but for those in adjoining camps is under the charge of the quartermaster-general of the State. As a saving of 25 per cent. can be made by baking the benefit of it should properly belong to the troops and prisoners to whom the rations are due. When we take into consideration the large number of troops and prisoners at this camp last year, the number of paroled troops there last winter and the present number of troops and prisoners this saving must have amounted largely above the expenditures. I find that during last year the full ration of flour was issued to the bake-house for the benefit of the prisoners. The saving in baking was placed to the benefit of the bake-house. I was unable to ascertain by whose authority this bake-house is conducted by the quartermaster-general of the State.

There have been but few repairs made at this post and those have been at but little extra expense to the Government. No clothing has been issued to the prisoners. No escapes have been made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Third Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS, March 25, 1863.

President LINCOLN:

James N. Burns, indicted for conspiracy at commencement of the rebellion, guilty no doubt, recommended for pardon by loyal men. Think it would be judicious.

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor.

