
FORT MONROE, March 25, 1863.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

It is very necessary to get our officers out of prison. They are suffering. If not authorized to deliver all Confederate officers and have the difference arranged by captured hereafter cannot authority be given to deliver an equal number or equivalent to ours and get the latter out of prison?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

FORT MONROE, March 25, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Please send me if possible by to-morrow's mail a list of Confederate officers, prisoners, made up from returns already in your office.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., March 25, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: In do-day's communication to General Martindale Clagett D. D. Fitzhugh, who was captured in Maryland September 14, 1862, is mentioned as a claimant of the benefits of late exchanges. Fitzhugh has been for years clerk and manager of the iron-works of Messrs. Hughes at Mont Alto, Franklin County, Pa. ; was such at the time he was captured. He was taken by the body of cavalry which cut its way from Harper's Ferry. Had a Confederate uniform beneath a civil dress and was piloting Longstreet's ammunition train. He is one of those pestilent scoundrels who induced the enemy to attempt the Maryland raid and who gave them information beforehand and aid and comfort when it could be safely attempted. This man during Lee's occupation is said to have discharged his office duties in the day and to have gone by night to their outposts. It would seem that he is not entitled to the treatment our policy indicates for those who have the pretext of State allegiance. His neighbors would have hung him at the time of his arrest could they have laid hands upon him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE McGOWAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The county of Franklin is my home, and these facts were learned in October last when there on leave.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 25, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the commissary-general of prisoners.

The Secretary of War will not give any orders in these cases at present.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

