
until duly exchanged. To perform the work thus required they conscientiously believe to be a violation of the oath they have taken. Will you if proper make some authoritative declaration which will determine the question of their duty in this particular?

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GARDINER TUFTS,

Massachusetts Military Agent.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

March 30, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the General-in-Chief with the request that the duties which paroled troops may be required to perform may be defined in general orders.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 31, 1863.

It is the opinion of the Secretary of War that it is no violation of the cartel to employ paroled prisoners of war to construct barracks and sheds for themselves any more than to erect tents to cover them. Such structures erected for the temporary purposes of a parole camp are not military works nor is labor on them military duty in the proper sense of that word. The names of those men who refuse to do this work for their own comfort will be taken down and reported to the Secretary of War, who will then decide upon the disposition to be made of them.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 27, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith duplicate lists* of 21 U. S. prisoners of war captured on the U. S. steam ram Queen of the West; also duplicate lists* of 335 U. S. prisoners of war captured at Galveston, Tex., January 1, 1863; also duplicate lists* of 372 U. S. prisoners of war belonging to the First, Seventh and Eighth Regiments U. S. Infantry captured in Texas. All the above-named prisoners are at New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, March 27, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW:

The Secretary of War authorizes exchanges of officers man for man without reference to the cartel.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

