
I presume is intended to pay the outstanding debts. It will perhaps save labor if you refer to vouchers in my possession.

It is probable that a new camp will be established on other ground and until this is determined you will stop all work and purchase no more lumber and of course your engineer corps will receive no pay while they are unemployed. I notice that you pay them for every day in the month, Sundays included. This cannot be allowed, as you did no of course employ them on Sundays in violation of the orders of the President dated November 15, 1862.

I am informed that a number of the officer belonging to your camp take their meals in Annapolis and sleep there. You will put a stop to this practice immediately. No officer will be permitted to board or sleep in town nor will you give permission to do either on the surgeon's certificate. If officers are too unwell to remain in camp they must obtain a sick leave by the mode pointed out by the regulations. Make a report of what steps you took to carry out my instructions in relation to Sergeant Ewing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Wheeling, Va., March 28, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I want two majors, four captains and ten lieutenants, rebel officers, prisoners of war, belonging to the Virginia rebel army. I desire them to be sent here immediately to be placed at my disposal. I desire to put them in a chain-gang and put them to breaking stone on the national road in this county. I desire to keep them there at hard labor until some Virginia officers are released from hard labor in the penitentiary at Richmond.

Please consult the Secretary of War or get his permission and send them immediately. I have some soldiers here that I can put over them as a guard in the daytime and can shut them up at night.

There is now a wicked devil named Keaton at Camp Chase who shot a Union man in cold blood and threw his little child in the fire in Putnam County, Va. I want him among them.

I am, yours, &amp;c.,

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Virginia.

[First indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, April 1, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 7, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the commissary-general of prisoners.

It is expected that the prisoners now in the hands of the rebel authorities will soon be exchanged and action upon this application will be deferred for the present.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

