
shall be immediately arrested, confined to the guard-house and his name sent to these headquarters.

VI. Any gambling, drunkenness or disorder noticed by the guard will be reported to the officer of the guard who will at once have the party or parties arrested and confined.

VII. The countersign will be given out at 6 p. m., after which no officer or soldier will be permitted to pass in or out of camp unless by proper authority from headquarters.

VIII. The officer commanding the troops guarding the camp will be held strictly responsible for the enforcement of the above orders.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel George Sangster:

A. P. SCHURTZ,

Acting Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Numbers 40. Annapolis, Md., September 18, 1862.

* * * * *

II. Pursuant to instructions received from headquarters Eighth Army Corps, dated September 16, 1862, the following order is promulgated:

The officers paroled are not exempt from taking care of the non-commissioned officers and privates, and are bound to perform all police duties and anything that may be necessary to the welfare and comfort of the paroled troops. Their duties would violate no obligations required by their paroles.

If any officer disobeys any order requiring the duties here mentioned he will reported to these headquarters for dismissal from the service.

By order of -

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.] GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Numbers 16. Annapolis, Md., September 20, 1862.

I. Agreeable to the direction of Adjt. General L. Thomas the following order is promulgated:

II. On and after September 21, 1862, commissioned officers and men will remain in camp and no passes will be given out to go to the city.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel George Sangster:

D. E. GREGORY,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 127. Baltimore, Md., October 7, 1862.

* * * * *

V. Colonel J. F. Stuanton, commanding Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, at Annapolis, Md., will upon the proper requisition of Lieutenant-Colonel Sangster, Forty-seventh New York State Militia, furnish such guard as may be deemed necessary to enforce the paroled prisoners to keep their camp in such a state of thorough police as the regulations of the service require. The chief quartermaster of this army corps will fill promptly all requisitions for tools called [for] by the commanding officer of the paroled prisoners necessary to facilitate the carrying out of this order.

