
BEFORE VICKSBURG, March 28, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

Herewith inclosed find a number of copies of General Orders,* Numbers 49, present series, from Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C. It is due that this order should have as great a circulation as possible among Southern commanders. I respectfully request that you will give the copies sent that circulation.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, March 28, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The Seventy-first Indiana, about 700 strong, are at Camp Morton awaiting exchange. They are well organized and equipped. Can they not be included in the next exchanged so that they may be ordered into the field at once?

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General, Commanding Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, March 28, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The medical director reports very strongly against the condition of the camp at Camp Douglas and recommends the removal to Des Plaines. Have I the authority to change the location?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 28, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I desire very respectfully to cal the attention of the Secretary of War to the course pursued by Mr. W. P. Wood, superintendent of the Old Capitol Prison, in connection with the recent transfer of prisoners to City Point. On the evening of the 12th instant Major-General Hitchcock addressed a note to Mr. Wood requiring of him a list of citizen prisoners to be furnished the following morning. This note was delivered by my orderly to the assistant superintendent of the prison who told him that an answer would be sent down in the morning if required and since that time the assistant superintendent has told the orderly that the letter was handed by him to Mr. Wood soon after it was received. On the 13th having received no roll from him I requested by note he would inform me of the probable number in his charge to be exchanged, to which I received no reply. I then called on General Hitchcock and requested him to endeavor to get this information for me. The general accordingly addressed a note to Mr. Wood requiring that if the rolls called for the previous evening were not ready he would report at once the probable number in his charge for exchange. On the morning of the 14th Mr. Wood called at my office with a list of about forty names and stated that he had not received General Hitchcock's first note, but he assured me he would have the roll com-

---------------

* Omitted here; see p. 306.

---------------

