
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

WASHINGTON, March 20, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: On the evening of March 14, 1863, after I had received on board steamer State of Maine the detachment of citizens prisoners sent from Washington on that date to City Point, Va., I was speaking to Mr. Wood, keeper of the Old Capitol Prison, of the delay which had occurred in the delivery of said prisoners on board the steamer and questioning him as to the cause of the delay. He remarked that the knew all about it and that it need not have occurred if the proper orders had been given. I told him I knew you had given the order in time. He said he had received orders two days (I think) before from Colonel Hoffman to prepare the rolls and that the same order had been sent again, but he did not recognize the authority and paid no attention to them. He said he received his appointment direct form the War Department and recognized no other authority, &amp;c. I inquired why he did not explain his objections and have the proper order given if your order was not recognized. He answered that was not his business. I then said I should see that I was not again detained from the same cause, to which he responded: "It is all right now," as the Secretary of War had issued an order instructing him to aid General Hitchcock in all matters pertaining to prisoners and that General Hitchcock had issued a like order in your favor which would make your order good in future. I have thought proper to call your attention to the facts herein stated that you may be able to understand and correct any delays which may possibly occur in future from like causes.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Captain, Commanding Department of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 12, 1863.

WILLIAM P. WOOD, Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

SIR: You will please furnish me with a list of all prisoners not soldiers under your charge specifying the time and place of arrest in each case, the authority for the arrest and the charges. As the purpose of this is to make exchanges you are requested to make in the margin or column of remarks all such cases as in your opinion (from a knowledge of the parties or otherwise) are not proper subjects for exchange, with such reasons as you think proper to state. This list is required for use to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 13, 1863.

W. P. WOOD, Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

SIR: You will please report at once the probable number (if you have not prepared the list requested yesterday) of those who may be the subject of exchange as citizens prisoners under your charge. This is required in order to know what arrangements to make for them and the list desired yesterday must be furnished as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

