
place forward them with the officers. Duplicate lists should be sent with the prisoners and I have to request a copy may be furnished for this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, March 28, [1863.]

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that by direction of the Secretary of War rebel officers captured hereafter will be sent to Fort Warren. Please inform me how many can be provided for in the fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, March 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW:

Rebel officers here and at Fort McHenry and Delaware are ordered to Fort Monroe; from Western camps to Fort Delaware.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Faltmouth, Va., March 28, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL, Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your report of the battle of Kelly's Ford mentions the fact that a certain number of prisoners were paroled on the field of battle. This action was entirely irregular and in disregard of the orders of the War Department, Numbers 49, February 28, 1863. Paragraph III states that "no paroling on the battle-field, not paroling of entire bodies of troops after a battle and no dismissal of large numbers of prisoners with the general declaration that they are paroled is permitted or of any value. "

The major general commanding desires to know if Colonel Dufie who by your report seems to have paroled prisoners on the field had been furnished with a copy of the order referred to above and he also desires to know if this order has been duly promulgated and published to your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Near Annapolis, Md., March 28, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your of the 27th instant and will endeavor to make as full a reply as I can to all the points to which you call my special attention.

