
The sergeant-major spoken of has not been on my rolls since November, for by an order from the War Department he was mustered out of the service, he properly being a three-months's man but was for twelve months South and four months here before being discharged, since which time he has not been employed in the headquarters. While he was here he acted as a clerk and was very efficient. The number of clerks for headquarters as shown on the rolls do not estimate the true force, but it will be seen that they are always changing. For example the February roll will show twenty-six men including the post-office and express office and College Green Barracks, which is apart from these headquarters but on the rolls. Eight on this roll have gone away and only the of the eight worked for the whole month as shown on the rolls. Just as soon as arrivals or an exchange of men occurs in large bodies I have to employ more clerks so as to make out the rolls for your and that officers in charge of the detachment. The rolls for clothing and pay accounts and everything pertaining to them, in fact the real business of all the battalions is done in this office, from the fact that I cannot depend upon the officers or men in any of the battalion headquarters, hence the necessity for so many men for these headquarters. After I have an officer for every 600 men with reduced; commissioned officer the labor of this office will be much reduced; besides I can hold the regular detailed officer responsible and can take his return as a true paper, which I could not do with the paroled officers or men; and the men will not do anything without being paid. I cannot not paid them I could not get any work done, as of course I cannot camped them to do any military service and the work in the department is of a strictly military character. It will cost at least &amp;700 per month for the 2,000 men. I only have now to work the battalions in accordance with the new plan which I hope will be carried out, and not till then can I with my force give the satisfaction required nor scarcely make my proper returns. I have on an average of thirty letters per day to answer independent of the business with the department and camp.

The number of clerks required at these headquarters for the work of this office alone is as follows: One for the business with the departments, you office, General Schenck's and Colonel Waite's; one book-keeper for the camp saving and accounts; one for the order book and business in general with the adjutant; one for the morning, seven-days' and monthly reports for your office and tri-monthly and monthly report to General Schenck and Colonel Waite; two for descriptive lists and discharges, which is very large in itself; one for clothing and pay accounts and requisitions, which for all departments are checked in this office; one for accounts of deserters, transportation, &c., which is a matter of great importance to the Government (thousands of dollars are refunded to the Government by this method which I have adopted, which was spoken of in Captain Lazelle's report); two for the business of College Green Barracks, where the men are first received; one for traveling to and from the departments and battalions, making copies of rolls, requisitions, issues, &c., which has always been necessary, having no confidence in officers or men in the battalions, and by doing so I can check any irregularity or attempt at fraud, making in all eleven clerks for the work of this office at all times. And if they were permanent you could depend upon all your orders being faithfully performed as I have always tried to do, but have only failed in some instances for want of proper support, which I have spoken of in person and by letter to you. As to the pay of clerks

