
which I have paid since then. All the vouchers you have are paid, of which I have duplicates, as I take triplicate receipts for all moneys paid.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 28, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN.

SIR: The Quartermaster-General refers me to you in reference to instructions for forwarding prisoners of war from the West to Baltimore and Washington. We have just transported 200 from Weeling to Baltimore, and as our road (the Baltimore and Ohio) presents the shortest and best route from the Southwest to either this city or Baltimore, we beg to suggest that your order the remainder by this line. We can forward them in lost of 200 by the passenger trains or in any number you may desire by troop trains. As our road passes through no great cities and there is no danger of escape, &amp;c., we judge with our large capacity it will be to the interest of the Government to direct the transportation as suggested.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON, D. C.

March 28, 1863.

Captain H. B. TOD, Provost-Marshal.

CAPTAIN: By direction of the Secretary of War all rebel officers held as prisoners of war now confined in the Old Capitol Prison will be forwarded immediately to Fortress Monroe, VA., to report for exchange to Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners.

If there are any enlisted men, rebels, among the prisoners they will be forwarded with the officers.

Duplicate list will be sent with the prisoners and a copy furnished Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners.

By command of Brigadier-General Martindale:

JOHN P. SHERBURNE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 29, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW:

General Burnside reports that the Seventy-first Indiana, about 700 strong, are at Camp Morton awaiting exchange. Please say whether they have or have not been exchanged and if not procure their exchange as speedily as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, March 29, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STATNTON, Secretary of War:

If the Seventy-first Indiana was captured before the 10th of December last they have long ago been declared exchanged in general orders.

