
war. They amount to 649, 120 of whom including many surgeons have been exchanged. Good faith requires as speedily a delivery as possible of these exchanged officers, and the sufferings of our own officers in confinement at the South likewise call for a speedy delivery of equivalents numbers of Confederates. When will they probably reach Fort Delaware? If you give me the time I will send a steamer from here directly there for them. Will you please instruct the commanding officer there to turn them over to me on my order? I shall go to City Point to-morrow and will ascertain how many I shall need for exchange.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -If there are any Confederate officers in surplus and not needed for exchange now they might remain at Fort Delaware subject to call.

W. H. L.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 30, 1863.

Major General J. B MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c., at Houston.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th ultimo offering to exchange one of the commissioned officers of the U. S. Army of Navy held by you as prisoners of war of Mr. Paine, taken by the steamer Cambria off Galveston. If it meets with your concurrence I will return Mr. Paine in exchange for Colonel Burrell, Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, taken prisoner at Galveston, the exchange to the effected agreeably to your suggestion on board the fleet off Galveston. The reports concerning Mr. Paine's ill-treatment to which you refer are without foundation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, March 30, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding U. S. Forces, &c.

GENERAL: I find that you still retain six prisoners of war who were captured some time last spring and who should have been returned by the terms of the cartel on the last exchange of prisoners. Their names and respective ranks are as follows: Sergt. Patrick Kane and Corpl. Edward C. Smith, First Louisiana, Company B; Sergt. George L. Williams, First Lousiana, Company E; Private William Stanley, First Louisiana, Company B; Private Daniel Doyle, First Lousiana, Company D; Private Abraham McLane, Twenty-third Louisiana Volunteers (Allen Guards).

Presuming that this was an unintentional omission it is believed that it is only necessary to remind you of their detention to secure their return. I have further to inquire whether an investigation has yet been made into the case of the murders of Majors Prados and Bauduc, of the C. S. Army, on board the steamer Virtue; and if so is it your intention to turn them over to the Confederate authorities?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

