
SAINT LOUIS, March 30, 1863.

General BARTHOLOW, Glasgow:

All right. I am misinformed as to the locality of Sibley's Landing. I had telegraph Loan, who has no doubt telegraphed commanders everywhere. Death to bushwhackers is the order. Have a commission always ready to try, determine and execute immediately if they are unfortunately taken alive.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Nashville, Tenn., March 30, 1863.

Colonel STANLEY MATTHEWS, Department of the Cumberland.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of those whom I deem proper subjects for the operation of General Orders, Numbers 43,* Department of the Cumberland. This is composed almost altogether of the names of wealthy or very vindictive rebels who are more properly classed in the woods of the order referred to as those "whose sympathies and connections are such at to surmount all the obligations that arise from their permission to remain within our lines, forbidding them to communicate with the enemy or act as spies against us. " I also transmit testimony in some of the cases. I would for the information of the general commanding state that I have in the cases of very poor people coming under the classification of those "whose natural protectors and supporters are in arms against us" been in the practice of giving orders upon wealthy secessionists here to provide for their wants. Much suffering will inevitably ensue to people of this latter class if they are sent South to struggle with the destitution that prevails there and unless they manifest an active desire to aid the enemy I would most respectfully recommend that the policy of making wealthy rebels support the wives and children of those whom they have driven into the Southern Army be confined. The property left be wealthy expatiated rebels here might be made to yield an income for this purpose.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

ROBT B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 30, 1863.

Commodore T. TURNER,

Commanding U. S. Naval Forces off Charleston Harbor.

SIR: I avail myself of the occasion to inform you that it is not within the knowledge of these headquarters if the U. S. naval officers who are in confinement at Columbia are in need of money or any assistance form the United States Government.

It is known, however, that Lieutenant-Commander Conover has been tendered any assistance wanted through a bank officer in this city and the papers herewith will show what instructions have been issued touching the treatment of these gentlemen.

---------------

* For General Orders, Numbers 43, see p. 339.

---------------

