
paroled at Salisbury, N. c., on the 27th, 28th and 29th May, 1862, amounting in all to 387 men. These rolls were forwarded to me from New Berne by General Wessells, and there is nothing to show that the men named have ever been exchanged. I inclose* them herewith. I spoke to General Burnside about the prisoners paroled at Salisbury but he could give me to information in relation to them. I have two other rolls of prisoners delivered in General Burnside's lines May 28 and June 2 amounting to 740 men. The Burnside deliveries declared exchanged in General Orders, Numbers 118. I will inquire of Colonel Loomis, commanding Fort Columbus, if he has the rolls we are looking for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 30, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that on making inquiries of Mr. Wood as to the prisoners put on board of the steamer State of Maine on the evening of the 26th of March I was informed by him that there were about thirty-five prisoners amongst them, and when I told him it was contrary to your obedient orders, or words implying the same, he told me they were sent by direction of the military commander of the district, or words to the same effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 30, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a partial lists# of names of prisoners of war who have died in our hospitals during this rebellion. It has required considerable time to obtain the reports from all sections where our troops are serving and from the more distant sections the reports are daily arriving. It is thought, however, desirable to send this incomplete list to relieve as promptly as possible the anxiety of the friends of those persons whose names are herein mentioned. Another list embracing about 1,000 additional names will speedily be prepared. The Secretary of War upon the application of the Surgeon-General has given the authority to furnish this list, which you are respectfully request to forward to Richmond with, should you deem it advisable, a copy of this letter.

By order of the Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. SMITH,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

# Not found.

