
to Fort Delaware will reach there-probably in about a week. I will direct the commanding officer to forward them to Fort Monroe whenever you call them. I will forward to you to-morrow rolls of paroled Federal troops at the several camps that you may know how many are to be exchanged. Please returns these rolls to me and any others you may have the you have no further use for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, March 31, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: The inclosed lists* are returned for certification that the parties paroled were sent through our lines or are not now within them. The officers taking the parole should state what disposition was made of the paroled men. I hope you may be able to obtain the desired certificates as we shall need every parole taken by us. Are you not receiving any paroles of the many captures made by our troops? The Confederates are making heavy deliveries of prisoners, and it would be very desirable to get our paroled men declared exchanged as soon as possible. When will the Arkansas Post and Murfreesborough prisoners arrive?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for the Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -Have there been any deliveries of Confederate prisoners made at Vicksburg since the 1st of January?

W. H. L.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 31, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES BOWEN,

Provost-Marshal-General, New Orleans.

SIR: The commanding general directs that you make immediate arrangements to send all the prisoners of war taken from the enemy and now in our hands, commissioned officers excepted, to the enemy's lines at Port Hudson by a flag of truce. Before being delivered the prisoners will be required to give the usual parole. You will send an officer and guard in charge of them and will see that the movement is made quietly and without producing disturbance or excitement.

Duplicate lists of the prisoners should be made out, both to be signed by the officers who receive the prisoners and forwarded to these headquarters.

The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the necessary transportation. Please report when you are ready to send the prisoners up in order that final instructions for the movement may be given and the communications and letters prepared to accompany the flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

