
the crime proven against me, but I suppose the court that tried me though otherwise. I have now calmly submitted to my fate and have been earnestly engaged in preparing to meet my God in peace; and I have found that peace of mind and tranquility of soul even astonishes myself. I never supposed it possible that a man could feel so entire a change under similar circumstances. How I would like to have one hour's chat with you, but this I shall never have in this life but hope and pray we may meet in heaven where the troubles and trials of this life never enter.

What that fate of the balance of the party will be I am unable to say, but I hope they will not share the fate of their leader. If they ever return some two or three of them will call on you and the rest of the friends and I hope you will receive them kindly. They are noble fellows and will give you a full history of the affair. Please acquaint my friends of my fate. I shall try to write to some two or three more before my execution. Tell J. B. Jackson should there be any little claims that I neglected to settle to pay them and keep the horse. I don't think there are any but may be. I regard to other matters do exactly as instructed before I left, I have received no letters from Flemingsburg since I left. I wrote several but never received any answer. Please read this letter to Mrs. Eckels and tell her that I have thought of her kindness many times and that I hope we many meet in heaven where we shall enjoy the presence of the Lord forever. Give my kindest regards to Mr. Eckels also. According to the course of nature it will not be long until we shall meet in that happy country. Blessed thought. Remember me also to the young ladies of Flemingsburg, especially to Miss Kate Wallingford and Miss Nannie Baxter.

Hoping that we may meet in that better country, I bid you a long and last farewell.

J. J. ANDREWS.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., June 5, 1863.

D. S. MCGAVIC, Esq., J. B. ARAH ECKELS,

Flemingsburg, Fleming County, Ky.:

You will find one trunk and one black valise. The valise has my name in red letters on the end the other had my name on a paper pasted on the end. These are at the City Hotel, Nashville, in care of the old porter, on third floor. These with contents I present to you. Mr. Hawkins, you will find at the Louisville Hotel a large lady's trunk, no mark on it and is entirely empty. Please take in to Mr. Lindsey's near Milk Creek Church on the Maysville and Flemingsburg pike, and request him to present it to Miss Elizabeth J. Layton for me, and much oblige.

J. J. ANDRES.

I certify that the foregoing is a true copy as it purports from the record thereof as it remains of fine in my office.

Given under my had this 1st day of April, 1863, as clerk of the Fleming County court.

[SEAL.]

W. T. DUDLEY,

Clerk.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., March 25, 1863.

I have been all the forenoon at headquarters copying the following letters. I have not time before the express leaves to write even a few captured at Bridgeport, Tenn., April 24, 1862. I had not time to write out his account of his defense and capture. What I give, however, is copied verbatim from his own written statements.

The second letter, of January 3, I give as an illustration of the general feeling of Tennesseeans relative to the rebel defeat at Stone's River. Bragg and others may disguise their feelings as much as they please before the public but he sentiments of this letter are the true ones among the great majority of the Tennessee officers.

ELEVEN MONTHS AMONG THE REBELS.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., March 22, 1863.

* * * * * * *

I was taken to Chattanooga and confined in jail. This was a two story building. the upper story where I was confined was twelve feet square. In this room were confined nineteen Tennesseeans, a negro and myself. In the dungeon, which was only ten feet square, were twenty-one men out of the Second, the Twenty-first and the Thirty-third Ohio Infantry, charged with being spies. They

