
Columbus, Ky., and Memphis, Tenn., a suitable long or frame prison for the accommodation of 1,000 prisoners. The island so occupied will be garrisoned by such a force as the corps commander may deem necessary for the safe-keeping of all prisoners instructed to them and for holding the post. One contract physician will be habitually kept to take charge of the sick in prison and more should the number requiring medical attendance make it necessary. The expense of building such structure will be defrayed by the quartermaster's department from funds received through the provost-marshal's department.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JOHN A. BAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 1, 1863.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

General Burnside is sending a lot of secesh a lot of secesh women to Fortress Monroe from Cincinnati. You will on their arrival put them beyond our lines.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

OFFICE COMMISSARY, GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1863.

Colonel D. D. PERMINS,

Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.

COLONEL: You will receive orders from the headquarters Middle Department to forward rebel officers, prisoners of war in your charge, to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners at Fort Monroe, for exchange. If it should not be so stated in the order you will not include with them Captain R. W. Baylor who is charged with serious crimes, nor any other officers who may be held on any other charge than that of being in the rebel army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: It has been reported that paroled prisoners at Camp Parole have complained that they are required to assist in the erection of barracks, which they think is a violation of their parole. The question has been submitted to the Secretary of War who has decided that it is no violation of the cartel to employ paroled prisoners of war to construct barracks and sheds for themselves any more than to pitch their own tents. Such works are not military works nor is the labor on them military duty in the proper sense of that word. You will report the names of all who refuse to do this work for their own comfort to be laid before the Secretary of War for his action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

