
sent to Fort Delaware and all enlisted men to City Point for exchange Baltimore and Fort Monroe. You will accordingly without delay forwarded all enlisted prisoners of war, including guerrillas, to Fort Monroe to report Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners. Send duplicate rolls with them and a roll to this office. Separator rolls should be made of those belonging to regular regiments and the guerrillas.

You will forward also all rebel officers in your charge except those charged as spies to Fort Delaware, on the Delaware River, about fifty miles below Philadelphia. Send rolls with them and a copy to this office.

Send the enlisted men under an officer and a suitable guard, not over one man to eight or ten prisoners. The officers may be permitted to travel their parole in charge of an officer. They will not be permitted to have communication with any person by the way nor to make purchases of any kind except something to eat.

The paroles should be very specific. If they object to this arrangement send them under a guard.

Notify the quartermaster at Baltimore when the enlisted men will be there so that he may have water transportation provided.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, April 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

When will the Confederate officers be delivered at Fort Delaware?

Our officers are suffering greatly in garrison.

WM. H. LUDLOW.

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, April 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW:

Rebel officers were ordered to Fort Delaware on the 28th ultimo.

Will probably arrive in about a week. Wrote to you yesterday.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I returned yesterday from City Point. The following-named commissioned officers at Murfreesborough were delivered and declared exchanged for an equal number of equal rank of Confederates delivered at City Point: First Lieutenant David Snodgrass, Seventy-fourth Ohio; Second Lieutenant H. J. Gass, Eighty-sixth Indiana; First Lieutenant G. H. Hollister, Second Ohio; First Lieutenant J. P. Fleming, One hundred and first Ohio; Second Lieutenant J. H. Anchors, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania; Captain W. C. Wheeler, Eighty-first Indiana; Captain

