
J. P. Dufficy, Thirty-fifth Indiana; Captain John Becker, First Kentucky; Captain H. a. Bornemann, Twenty-second Illinois; Captain A. McMoore, Seventy-fifth Illinois; Captain A. Perry, Ninetieth Ohio; Surg. P. Treadwell, of the steamer Columbia, unconditionally released. All of the above officers were sent to Annpolis.

I am, very respectfully your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

P. S. -Eight hundred and five men mostly captured on the march at Thompson's Station have been received and sent to Annpolis this morning. The Confederate exchanged officers and other prisoners from Camp Chase have just reached here and have been sent to City Point.

W. H. L.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y. Harbor, April 1, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed you will receive a letter* written by a prisoner at Fort Lafayette, which I think best to send through your office. There was no necessity of Mr. Laurent to send an abusive letter about the Government through its officers to the British consul, as not long ago Mr. Archibald was down here and Mr. Laurent could have said what he desired under the usual restrictions. He could have stated his case just as he pleased to the consul, who appears to be a fair as well as he is a gentlemanly man. I may state that the British consul ha permission to see certain prisoners in presence of an officer. This order is of long standing, which makes that communications of such prisoners as Laurent and Vernon inexcusable. According to the rules of the post any person can write to his friends on business or family matters or he can state at any time his case or his grievance in proper language to the heads of the Government at Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., April 1, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from the headquarters of the Department of the Missouri of March 25, 1863, 869 Confederate prisoners of war left here this morning by railroad for City Point, Va. They were escorted by a detachment of the Seventy-seventh Regiment of Ohio Volunteers, 136 officers and men, under the command of Captain L. E. Sisson, and had rations for five days.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

T. HENDREICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding Prison.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

