
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 1, 1863.

Surg. D. W. BLISS.

SIR: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that transportation to their homes will be orders for all the exchanged citizen prisoners now in now hospital as soon as they are able to travel, and by sending a note with them or by messenger to the quartermaster, Captain Curtis, corner Eighteenth and G streets, he will furnish the same, as instructions will be sent from this office authorizing the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE FOR THE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS OF WAR,

Vicksburg, April 1, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.

GENERAL: I call your attention to the inclosed paragraph from the Appeal showing that many of our citizens are now held in confinement at Fort Pickens in violation of an agreement between the Federal and Confederate commissioners for exchange of prisoners. Said agreement is as follows:

3. The Federal commissioner has formally agreed to treat as subjects of exchange all officers and men belonging to irregular military organizations, even though such military organizations and their officers do not derive their authority from the Confederate States. All therefore who are captured in "hostile array" are to be regularly exchanged.

4. The Federal commissioner has also agreed to release unconditionally all noncombatants captured in any one of the Confederate Stated. He has also stated in writing that it is not the purpose of his Government to make any more arrested of that description.

Under these two last agreements therefore all persons now confined by them whether military or civil to be immediately released. I am credibly informed that many others are held in confinement in other forts and please of confinement, some of whom I have hitherto called to your attention. Many of the State organizations of troops are detained in New Orleans against their will who have been registered for exchange under the cartel. I call your attention to these facts believing you will promptly remedy the injustice. I especially call your attention again to the case of P. E. Walden, deputy collector of the port of New Orleans, said to be confined in Fort Jackson.

Colonel Ig. Szymanski, C. S. Army, has kindly consented to be the bearer of this letter as I am now seriously indisposed. He will also deliver to any officer you may appoint to receive them about 120 Federal prisoners and 1 surgeon; for the latter no receipt required.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent.

[Indorsement.]

Major G. Norman Lieber, judge-advocate, will receive and receipt for these prisoners.

By command:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

