
[Inclosure. -From Memphis Daily Appeal.]

FROM PENSACOLA-PRISONERS DETAINED.

We are indebted to the editors of the Mobile Tribune for a proof slip giving some particulars of the situation of affairs at Pensacola and Fort Pickets, obtained from Mr. Benjamin Leggett, who made his escape from Fort Pickets on last Thursday after a confinement there since the capture of New Orleans. The only forces now at the fort are one Vermont regiment numbering about 500 men and one company of regulars. There are only 700 guarding the mainland, Fort Barrancas and the navy-yard. They are in command of a Captain Allen. All the other forces have been sent as previously reported to re-enforce General Banks. They only vessel blockading the port is the Potomac. Now lying near the navy-yard are the Preeble and the Susquehanna guarding the city, which as we stated some days ago has been evacuated and a partially burned.

Mr. Leggett also states that the Honorable John T. Monroe, mayor of New Orleans; J. B. Leefe, member of the late finance committee of that city; Gerard Smith, ex-mayor; Doctor Macking, of the True Delta; R. L. Bruce, of the firm of Gregory &amp; Bruce; Dr. William Booth, of the quarantine station; Mr. Laurason, Albert g. Middleton, of Pensacola, and about forty others, nearly all prominent and influential citizens of New Orleans, are there as prisoners kept in close confinement and subjected to hard labor and the most brutal treatment. He says that these unfortunate men express considerable dissatisfaction with their own Government which they think has abandoned them to their cruel fate- absolutely forgotten their existence. Perhaps this is not just, and there may be some insuperable obstacle to an interposition. Certainly no men are more deserving of the care of the powers at Richmond. They are generally men of excellent character and certainly have borne as much if not more suffering than any of the other prisoners of war. We trust that the matter may be looked into the some effort be made to restore them to their country.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO. Numbers 115. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 1, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. All rebel officers held as prisoners of war in this department will at once be sent under proper guard to Fort Delaware. A list of all prisoners so transferred will be forwarded to colonel Hoffman Third Infantry, commissary-general of prisoners, Washington, D. C. the Quartermaster's Department will provide the necessary transportation.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have made inquiry in regard to the capacity of the Pea Patch Island, on which Fort Delaware is situated, for accommodation of prisoners and find that the total area of

