
the island is 178 acres, of which there are 6 3/4 covered by the fort. The inhabitable part of the island exclusively of the fort is about 45 acres. There are barracks for 5,000 persons already erected inside of the fort. On the upper end of the island it is estimated there is room to build barracks for about 10,000 more or to encamp 6,000.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent fort Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: I send you by mail to day five packages of rolls of paroled troops now at various camps who are to be exchanged as by the inclosed schedule*. After using them in making exchanges please return them to this office.

The rolls show a large number at Camp Parole, but a large part of them are now at Camp Chase or Benton Barracks.

I inclose herewith three reports* of the capture of Federal troops to be included among the exchanges.

After your have arranged the exchanges with Mr. Ould please furnish me with the announcement he will make so that I may have no doubt of the position of those of their prisoners who may remain in our hands in hospitals. We have had a number of officers and men of the rebel army captured in Virginia and Maryland remaining in our hospitals about whom I have been in doubt whether they were exchanged or not, though I think you told me that all captured in those two States up to November 1 have been exchanged.

I have this moment received your letter of yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 31st March. The ninety-two Confederate officers declared exchanged were sent yesterday to City Point. I will depend upon you for the information of arrival of Confederate officers (not exchanged) at Fort Delaware in order that I may send a steamer for them. There can be no further declarations of exchange until deliveries of Confederate prisoners are made. When will the Arkansas Post and Murfreesborough prisoners probably arrive? Have you not many paroles which also can be used? Mr. Ould alleges that many of our captured officers at the post have been paroled Davis' proclamation. Have you any information on this subject?

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchanged of Prisoners.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

