HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Near Annapolis, Md., April 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that last evening I received 11 officers and 815 men from Richmond and this morning I have received 400 men, and on Saturday 600 men will arrive. I will send you complete rolls as soon as the delivery is complete. I also inclose requisition* for clothing so as to be prepared for arrivals after receiving the 1,800 men this week. I have plenty of clothing for the arrivals of this week. Please approve and forward as soon as possible the inclosed requisition.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The Department has directed the commandant of the navy-yard at Philadelphia to transfer to Fort Lafayette nine rebel prisoners sent to that post from the U. S. steamer New Ironside.

The circumstances under which they were captured are such as to suggest the idea that it may be trick on the part of the rebel authorities to obtain information concerning the squadron. I have therefore to request that they may not be exchanged for the present if it can be obviated, at least not until our immediate pending operations of the southern coast are completed.

Their names are M. P. Burke, sergeant, and William Kelly, Stephen Davis, Alex Clarke, James Finerty, John Hook, Henry Battdine, James Jackson and Jacob Fields, privates.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WILLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 4, 1863.

Respectfully, referred to Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, who will give the necessary instruction to carry out the wishes of the Secretary of the Navy.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, April 4, 1863.

Referred to Colonel William Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, who will please see that the men named are not sent for exchange until further order.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

