
the delivery of the prisoners paroled to be forces to which they belong. I presume that one receipted roll is to be given to the officer who delivers the prisoners and one is to be retained by the officer who receives them and signs the roll. If the two men on the roll were not delivered and a receipt taken for them the parole cannot be recognized. Your letter of the 16th March with a descriptive roll of prisoners captured by your command ha also been received. The roll does not show when or where they were captured nor what disposition was made of them and I can consequently make no use of the roll for exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 3, 1863.

Colonel C. A. WAITE, Commanding, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant in relation to furnishing transportation to destitute citizens who have been held in confinement by the rebels and in reply I would inform you that I am authorized by the Secretary of War to furnish transportation and provisions to their homes to the destitute citizens prisoners recently arrived from Richmond, and I will be much obliged to you if you will cause those referred to in your letter to be so provided. There may be others similar situated arriving in a few days and I have to request you will cause them also to be provided with transportation and rations to the nearest point to their homes that can be reached by water or by railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, April 3, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LUDLOW:

Thirty-four officers have been forwarded from Sandusky to report to you for exchange. Do you want more citizen prisoners sent to City Point for exchange?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 3, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: It would be a great convenience if the annexed parole taken from the cartel be printed at the head of all rolls prisoners. Will you please order that the paroles of all prisoners of war be taken before leaving their places of detention for delivery for exchange? It is exceedingly difficult to take the paroles on board of vessel while in transition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

