
[Inclosure.]

We, the undersigned prisoners of war, do give our parole of honor that we will not take up arms again nor serve as military police or constabulary force in any fort, garrison or field-work held by the Confederates, nor as guards of prisons, depots or stores, nor to discharge and duty usually performed by soldiers, until exchanged under the provisions of the cartel entered into July 22, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 3, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: I send you to-day --- prisoners of war. Among them are nine officers, two of whom, Lieutenant A. A. Scott, Sixth Alabama Volunteers, captured at South Mountain September 14, 1862, and Captain C. K. Sherman, captured as Georgetown October 18, 1862, are exchanged.

For the others-Major C. Breckinridge. Second Virginia Cavalry; Major Rufus W. Wharton, North Carolina Sharpshooters; Captain John Alexander, Second Virginia Cavalry; Lieutenant H. B. Bicksler, Eighth Virginia Infantry; Lieutenant O. H. Cox, Twenty-first Mississippi Volunteers; Adjt. T. B. Hutchison, Eighth Virginia Infantry; Lieutenant Charles C. Robinson, Ninth Virginia Cavalry-I ask equivalents from the Murfreesborough officers. Captain Mulford is instructed to bring them. Please send me Major D. J. Hall, Eighty-ninth Illinois, who is one of them. Please send me by Captain Mulford lists of our officers held by you that I may be enabled to arrange for the delivery of the equivalents in your officers. I desire to know when all our officers, naval and military, will be at Richmond ready for delivery. The revocation of the offensive order of Mr. Jefferson Davis relating to U. S. officers and the observance of the cartel will settle all questions relating to officers. Until this be done all exchange of officers must be special. I will deliver to you in exchange for U. S. officers equivalents in number or rank of Confederate officers. If we have not the equivalent number in rank enough of lower grade will be exchange to secure the release of all you hold. The number of officers captured and paroled by us at Fredericksburg was in excess of U. S. officers captured at the same place and delivered by you at City Point. Will you gaunt Mullen, as prisoner of war, has not yet been delivered. Will you send him by this boat? The Murfreesborough and Arkansas Post prisoners are now on their way here and are expected to arrive at the rate of 500 daily. Some have already been sent to you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp before Vicksburg, April 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANT.

DEAR SIR: I inclose you a letter sent me by Major Watts, agent for the exchange of prisoners in Vicksburg, asking that we return a prisoner captured on Deer Creek. This prisoner is a large boy, dressed in a kind of uniform, found with a rifle which he attempted to conceal,

