
and was confused in his statement, at one time himself to be a soldier and again denying it. With your consent I will send the boy home, as from the scare of his mother I think he will give us no further trouble.

The package of money I showed you a few days ago was all Confederate money-that is no money at all. Also with your consent I would send it as the sender is one of the most enthusiastic Kentuckians I know.

With great respect, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Vicksburg, Miss., April 4, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: A youth named D. Clark was taken prisoners on Deer Creek about the 22nd ultimo, and I am informed is now in charge of Colonel Smith, Eighth Missouri Regiment. I am also informed you or willing to exchange him for Stevens, orderly to Colonel Smith, commanding brigade.

Sergeant Stevens was sent by me to New Orleans on the 1st day of this month to be delivered over to the Federal authorities as a prisoner of war. I have been compelled to adopt this way of delivered Federal prisoners on account of General Grant's refusal to receive them.

I hope, general, you will return the boy to me that I may return him to hi district parents.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 4, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Grant with letter of this date.

Would recommend that this agent be notified we will exchange prisoners under the cartel strictly, officers being included. It must be inconvenient to our prisoners to go to New Orleans, where they can only reach us by a sea voyage.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Young's Point, La., April 4, 1863.

Major N. G. WATTS,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners of War, Vicksburg, Miss.

DEAR SIR: Your note relating to your Clark is received and I send him to you in exchange for Sergeant Stevents already sent by your to New Orleans. Please send the usual receipt.

I would have promptly yielded to the mother's request but this young gentleman committed himself sadly and led me to conclude he was at the time of his arrested engaged in war on his own hook.

You are in error as to General Grant. He is perfectly willing to exchange prisoners of war according to the Dix-Hill cartel which is issued as a positive command to our whole Army. The reason why

