
General Grant refused to receive a certain lot of prisoners was that he understood yours or General Pemberton's proposition to be sent over the enlisted men but to retain the officers. He thought this unfair to our officers who were at one time threatened with punishment as criminals under State laws.

I your have any prisoners of war for exchange I undertake they will be received if not coupled with any condition other than that contained in the cartel.

Every officer who has conferred with you touching prisoners of war has borne testimony to your fair dealing, and we are always ready to acknowledge the facts and to reciprocate.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, U. S. Forces.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS

Washington, D. C., April 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: Yours of the 2nd instant is just received. I will notify you of arrival of rebel officers from the West at Fort Delaware. The rolls of Federal prisoners of war with I forwarded to you on the 1st contain all the information I have of our paroled troops. If there are others paroled they have not been reported to me and it is unfortunate for us if it is so, for we lose the opportunity for exchanging them and are deprived of their services. Do not forget to provide for the case of Private H. C. Lilly, Company B, Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, for whom you declared a special exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: There arrived here last evening from City Point 286 prisoners of war and forty-three released citizens mostly from Virginia, Kentucky and Tennessee. Among the prisoners of war were the officers whose names are inclosed* and who have been exchanged and can with the others whose names I sent to you yesterday be put in the field. All were sent to Annapolis.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to send to you a copy of communication from Honorable G. V. Fox, Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

---------------

* Omitted; included names of fourteen officers.

---------------

28 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

