
Will you place have all the persons referred to and who may be confined at Fort Lafayette sent to Fort Delaware to be ready for delivery to me at the same time with the Confederate officers now on their way here? If there are any others referred to in the letter of Mr. Fox who are confined in other places please have them sent to me in time for same delivery with those above mentioned. The Secretary of War has authorized me to exchange Zazvora. Will you also please have him sent from Fort Lafayette to Fort Delaware at the same time with the rest?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

I inclose also a copy of letter to Mr. Fox to which his is a reply.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., March 29, 1863.

Honorable G. V. FOX, Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that by the direction of the Secretary of War exchanges of officers will now be resumed. There are many naval officers now in confinement in the South. The Confederate authorities refuse to release them unless the captures on the sea which were declared exchanged by General Orders, No. 11, current series, and for which they have given equivalents are released. This rule they also declare their intention to apply to future captures. They ask that the rule of reciprocity be carried out in captures on the sea as on the land. You know how carefully I have endeavored to carry out the wishes of your Department and from a sense of courtesy have uniformly given to it in the arrangement of my declarations of exchange preference over our own branch of the service. I respectfully, your await instructions from your.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 29th of March has been received. I am directed by the Secretary of the Navy to inform you that the release of certain persons held by the Navy will be immediately proceeded with by turning them over the proper officers for exchange.

Very respectfully,

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

SAINT LOUIS, April 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Four thousand and sixty prisoners left here for Baltimore on the 2nd instant.

F. A. DICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.

