
Third New York Volunteers, commanding, and transport steamer Metamore. The number received on the 1st of April as shown on rolls was 12 officers and 804 men, and on the 2nd of April as shown on rolls 404 men. They were all cleansed, clothed and fed in six hours after each arrival. Each man received a cup, spoon, knife and fork and all were made very comfortable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

I expect to receive 600 men this p. m.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 5, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Will you designate some point on the Ohio at which Confederate prisoners for this department shall be collected and make arrangements for forwarding them thence to Vicksburg promptly?

WM. M. WILES,

Captain and Provost-Marshal-General.

GLASGOW, April 5, 1863.

Doctor DAVIS:

I embrace the present opportunity of informing you of my where-about. I made my escape from prison on the 31st of March and have succeeded in getting this far from the city without any trouble and just as soon as I get money enough intend returning to Forrest, in Tennessee. I have seen a pretty hard time. The damned scoundrels had a twenty-four-pound ball and chain on my leg for three weeks. I succeeded in sawing the rivets of the chain with an old case-knife some of the boys gave me, threw a handful of pepper in one of the guard's eyes, knocked the other one down, making my way to the river; got into a skiff and did Saint Louis good-by. I would have escaped sooner but tried to make them believe that I was goon Union man, thinking I would be released. Got my Confederate money and watch. Finding I could not get my money I was determined to escape or die in the attempt. I effected the scape of six others with myself. I don't known what became of the others except one who is still with me, and he is a good soldier; begins to Morgan's cavalry. I will write to my wife from Jacksonville and mail the letter to you. I am in good health and hope to live to kill 100 Yankees before I die. There is no use in talking; when they beat me they beat a trump. If the prisoners at Saint Louis had the nerve they could all make their escape but they are al too damned cowardly. It was all I could do to keep them from reporting on me. No more at present, but remain friend,

WM. H. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Forcest's Cavalry, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., April 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Colonel Hoffman.

This copy was furnished by Lieutenant Smith, of the Fifty-eighth Illinois, under whose charge White was brought to this post.

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Infantry, Commanding.

