
Orleans he was in the parish prison awaiting trial. If he is not there now I suppose he has bribed the jailor and escaped-a favorite mode of jail delivery in former times at New Orleans.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 27, 1863.

Respectfully submitted. General Butler's report is indorsed, and it appears from this and the report of General Banks that Mr. Le More is not now in confinement.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BOARD OF PRISON INSPECTORS,

New Orleans, February 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: Upon the communications referred to this board from the Departments of State and War at Washington in the case of Mr. Le More, the board would respectfully report that after inquiry and careful examination of all the reports and returns of prisoners confined in the military prisons within this department the board does not find the name of Le More in any of them, nor is he known to be in confinement in any of the prisons.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and President of Board.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

LOWEL, MASS., March 23, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: Having read Major-General Banks' report on the imprisonment of Messrs. A. and J. Le More, in which he says "there is nothing on the records in the adjutant-general's office of this department in relation to Mr. Le More," I beg leave to state that I had charge of the adjutant-general's office under Major George C. Strong, assistant adjutant-general, and that all the correspondence together with all other documents referring to the case are copied in the proper places in the records book of that office, which book has been turned over to Lieutenant Colonel Richard B. Irwin, the present assistant adjutant-general in the Department of the Gulf.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMILE H. BRIL.

I certify that Emile H. Bril was clerk in the adjutant-general's office, having charge of the books and papers the same as stated by him above.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, April 6, 1863.

Major N. G. WATTS, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, &amp;c.

MAJOR: It gives me pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st of April which I have this moment received by the hand of Captain Sargent. I regret the personal illness which has prevented your supervision of the transfer of prisoners under your charge, but it

