
will give me pleasure to co-operate with Colonel Szymanski in the discharge of the duties assigned to him.

I am not aware that any communication has been made to me in reference to the political prisoner held in this department or to the case of P. E. Walden, deputy collector of the port of New Orleans, to whom your letter by name.

I beg you to accept my assurance that I will properly comply with all of the provisions of the cartel in reference to the discharge of this or any other class of prisoners held in this department.

As soon as opportunity offers I will investigate the facts and communicate the result of my inquiry to you in reference to all cases of this class. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Albert, U. S. Army, to wait upon Colonel Szymanski and receive and receipt for the prisoners now in his charge.

With much respect, major, I am yours, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, April 6, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON, Commanding, &c., Vicksburg.

GENERAL: I respectfully suggest that it will be on many accounts more convenient that communication by flag of truce in relation to the exchange, of prisoners should be received at our lines near Baton Rouge, and that any future deliveries of paroled or exchanged prisoners should take place at some suitable point in the same neighborhood.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, April 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: The last detachment of prisoners left here Friday, April 3, 1863, except the sick in hospital and those detailed to attend them. The number forwarded was 2,534. The sick in hospital and attendants number about 350, but as some will not probably recover there will be a less number to forward. I made an examination of the hospitals this morning and suppose 150 or perhaps 200 will be in a condition to forward the last of this week or the first of next and will be sent unless your order to the contrary. Duplicate rolls were sent with each detachment. The rolls of those sent and those remaining will be forwarded to you to-morrow. Difficulties and troubles have prevented their earlier transmission.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., April 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

By Thursday we can vacate some buildings so as to afford tolerable shelter for 3,000 rebel prisoners. We cannot give shelter for a larger number at one time.

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Annapolis City.

