
I have been not yet been furnished with rolls of the officers and men captured with General Stoughton and that they may not be overlooked in the exchange I want to remind you of them. I have asked for rolls and will send them to you. Another of our generals was captured at Murfreesborough whose name you have but I am not sure it is on any of the rolls. Please find inclosed* a list of rebel prisoners who have died in our hospitals, furnished by the Surgeon-General. Lists are being prepared of those who have died at our Western camps which will be forwarded to you very soon. They will amount to 4,000 or 5,000. Your two letters of the 4th instant are this moment received and will be attended to. Thirty-nine officers will be with prisoners from Sandusky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, April 6, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Telegram received. There are no accommodations for prisoners here and those I cannot transport to City Point at once I will sent to Annapolis to await transportation there. I have telegraphed Colonel Thomas to send me all the steamers he can.

J. L. DONALDSON,

SAINT LOUIS, April 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Under your orders of March 28 to send rebel officers to Fort Delaware shall I forward bushwhacking officers of Porter or Poindexter?

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, April 6, 1863.

Colonel IG. SZYMANSKI, C. S. Army.

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you in reply to your communication of to-day that the has received no instructions in regard to the exchange of political prisoners, nor has he any official information of the agreement quoted as paragraph 3 in the letter of Major N. G. Watts, C. S. Army, of April 1, 1863. The commanding general will make this subject of a communication to the War Department and will carry out such agreement as may have been entered into by the Government for the exchange of political prisoners. All Confederate prisoners in this department registered for exchange were sent up the river to Port Hudson on the 4th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

