HEADQUARTERS IN THE WOODS, April 6, 1863.

COMMANDER OF THE POST, Corinth,SIR: I write this dispatch to set forth the facts relative to S. White who is a prisoner in your hands. I do is conduct in a few particulars. He has an order from Lieutenant-General Pemberton to capture all goods coming from the enemy. I had him arrested for trial, and found this order in his possession, for the same thing that you accused him of being-a highway robber.]

I will state the case to General Pemberton and you and him for it. He has been sworn in the Confederate service. Therefore I think you ought to treat him as a prisoners of war.

Captain Smith wants me to state to you that you have one of his men chained with a ball, so he has understood. He prays your clemency toward him, for he does not want to be forced to treat a prisoner amiss. The man's name is W. J. Morphis.

Yours,

T. W. HAM,

Major.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 7, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have just received the inclosed dispatch from Mr. Stanton and desire you to make an instant investigation into the mater, using the telegraph, and report to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

RELAY HOUSE, MD., April 7, 1863.

P. H. WATSON, Assistant Secretary of War:

I am informed that twenty-five prisoners having the smallpox are now at Locust Point in a railroad station there, having been bought there from places where they were confined, and are to be sent to Fort Monroe. I think it is outrageous that the commissary-general of prisoners should allow infected persons to travel though the States and be introduced to our posts. You will please see the commissary-general of prisoners and consult with Generals Halleck, Meigs and Hitchcock as to what shall be done with them, and inform the commissary-general of prisoners that I shall expect him to investigate the facts and see who is responsible for such acts if my information be correct.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, April 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMESR, C. S. Army.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to your by orders from the War Department official copy of General Orders, Numbers 49,* Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, in the belief that hereafter no misapprehension may occur upon the subject of paroles to enlisted men of the U. S. service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 306.

---------------

