
JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 7, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The policy which it has been deemed advisable to adopt of treating as prisoners of war traitors taken in arms against the Government may present a serious obstacle to the infliction of merited punishment on the offenders mentioned in the letter* of Commander Murray. In view of the existing cartel their precise legal status and consequently the disposition which should be made of them cannot be determined without reference to the pass and protection which they are represented to have held from Government Stanly, U. S. Military Government of North Carolina. It is recommended that the proper officer be directed to send to the department for its consideration one of the passes and projections found on the prisoners held for trial which will enable this office to report on its bearing upon the crimes which they are alleged to have committed.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 7, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER, Commanding Army of Kentucky.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to return roll* of prisoners of war sent to Vicksburg for exchange, forwarded by you to the Adjutant-General January 17, 1863, and by him referred to this office. The rolls were sent to Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange, and returned by him, as he could not make use of them for purposes of exchange unless furnished with the receipts showing that they had been properly delivered. Please inform me what disposition was made of them and if they are still in our hands at what point they are confined.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to several other commanding officers.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. L. DONALDSON,

Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Baltimore, Md.

COLONEL: I have just dispatched to your a telegram asking for information in relation to smallpox cases among the prisoners from the West, and in addition I will be obliged to you if you will inform me form what camp the cases came; if the disease is prevailing as has been reported here. Please give all the information you have in relation to them, how you have disposed of them and what instructions are necessary to meet the case. If there is a hospital in Baltimore in which they can be received let them be placed there at once if it has not already been done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

P. S. -Of course no person showing any symptoms of this disease must be permitted to go to Fort Monroe.

W. H.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

