
FORT MONROE, April 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Shall such Confederate prisoners as arrive here en route to City Point who desire to take the oath of allegiance and enter our military service be permitted do so?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 7, 1863.

Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

The rule is not to permit Confederate prisoners to join our Army. But in any case in which you are satisfied a prisoner is sincerely desirous of renouncing all connection with the rebels you may on his taking the oath of allegiance send him to Fort Delaware, to be released there after further investigation as to his sincerity and sent North to reside.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 7, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Will your order an investigation into the case of Captain Baylor, detained at Fort Delaware under charges of murder and violation of flag of truce, than in case of acquittal he may be sent with other Confederate officers for exchange? The prisoners of war are daily arriving here and forwarded to City Point. When the detachments shall have all been delivered I will arrange exchanges. A package of rolls directed to you was taken by mistake from my desk on the 5th instant and mailed without full payment of postage. If not received will you inquire for them at the Washington post-office?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, April 7, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have thought it would not be importer to send you a copy of a letter I have sent to Lieutenant Wood at Fort Lafayette in regard to a better regulation of the correspondence of the prisoners at that post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

P. S-A copy of the above has been sent to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

FORT HAMILTON, New Orleans, New York Harbor, April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant CHARLES O WOOD,

Commanding at Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

SIR: A prisoners from Tampico wrote to me a day or two ago that he wished a lawyer to attend to his case. Also a Mr. Williamson, of Baltimore, a prisoners at Fort Lafayette, boldly asks to have a habeas corpus

