
The citizens list includes three female prisoners here from Nashville. There are: Commissioned officers, 468; enlisted men, 20; citizens, 41; total, 529.

The rolls for all rebel commissioned officers at this post able to travel, 453 in number, are already made up and transportation to Fort Delaware will be ready for them Thursday, 9th instant. Of the list of twenty-four invalid rebel officers for Fort Delaware forwarded to you yesterday, three of them on parole in Columbus were unable to travel and were left, viz: Major Philips, Captain W. S. Malcombe and Captain William P. Jones. Fifty-six prisoners of war, enlisted men, arrived here from Louisville, Ky., on the 5th instant. They were picked up at their homes and other places in Kentucky absent from the rebel ranks and all claim to be deserters and the rolls with them bear the remark to that effect. Your further instructions are respectfully asked as to this class of prisoners.

EDWIN L. WEBBER,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp before Vicksburg, Miss., April 8, 1863.

Colonel J. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Grant.

SIR: This morning I went down the river in a flag-of-truce boat and had a full interview with Major Watts, agent for exchange of prisoners of war. I explained to him that the cartel or agreement made between the two contending parties was set forth in full in General Orders, Numbers 142, of 1862, a copy of which I carried with me, and was made obligatory upon all U. S. officers and would be fully carried out by yourself; that you declined to receive enlisted men without their officers because the agreement was that all prisoners taken in war should within ten days be paroled and sent to Aiken's Lanading, Va., or Vicksburg, Miss., for exchange. He admitted his instructions from Richmond were not to exchange officers and he seemed under the impression our military authorities had made a similar order. He says he has delivered the enlisted men sent him for exchange to Baton Rouge when no objection was made to receive them. I told him I had seen a notice in a Saint Louis paper that Colonel Fletcher and other officers made prisoners at Chickasaw Bayou had been delivered at Baton Rouge, but he insisted he had not delivered for exchange any officers, and if Colonel Fletcher or other commissioned officers had thus escaped it was by misrepresenting their rank. This I considered impossible.

He wanted to surrender the sailors of the Indianola without officers but of course I declined to receive them. Your action is right. The agreement known as the Dix-Hill cartel is an entirely and must stand or fall as a whole. I do think General Banks ought to be advised as it is unfair that our officers should be held back, and also that our men be made to get home by the roundabout way of New Orleans, New York and Saint Louis. Major Watts was of same opinion, but his orders are imperative, although he expects daily to receive other orders restoring the cartel to its full effect.

I cannot find in my file of orders from the War Department anything modifying General Orders, Numbers 142, and infer that the moment the Confederate authorities make exchanges on that basis we will also.

The Mr. Montgomery inquired for by Major Watts died in the hospital

