
because possessing spirit to resent an insult suffer for an offense to which his own conduct invited him. I shall look for the release of Private Kerchival at an early day with confident interest. With respect to matters of complaint indirectly communicated through General Negley's letter they shall have prompt attention and correction as far as lie within my power.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, December 8, 1862.

Brigadier General FREDERICK STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Helena.

GENERAL: Please find tabular statement marked A* containing the list of U. S. prisoners of war whom I have exchanged for Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings, Lieutenant C. W. Carnes, 1 sergeant and 12 privates of the Twenty-first Texas Cavalry. Tabular statement marked B* which I also send you, carefully prepared from papers on file, will explain the error of Colonel Ritter, U. S. Army, and also show the balance of prisoners due to the Confederate States in this department. From this balance must, however, be deducted any Confederate prisoners received by Lieutenant Stevenson. Robert Craig, a private of the Fifth Missouri Cavalry, having been taken a prisoner and paroled has been again taken prisoner by the forces under my command without any evidence of his having been exchanged. Will you please inform me if you have any record of his having been exchanged?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TM. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 19, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the provost-marshal-general, who will state briefly the action of this department [in] sending prisoners immediately under the national cartel arrangement.

By order of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

December 30, 1862.

Respectfully returned to Major Curtis, assistant adjutant-general, with the information that: 1st. When prisoners come here from the armies of the department in the field and reported as prisoners of war they are forwarded to Cairo for shipment to Vicksburg as soon as rolls can be prepared and other arrangements made. 2d. The entire lists of prisoners are being examined, and whenever prisoners appear to be entitled to the rights of prisoners of war they are noted for shipment to Cairo as soon as any considerable number have accumulated. 3d. There are scores of prisoners who claim the rights of exchange who

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

