
commanding the camp whose duty it would it would be to see that all necessary precautions were taken to prevent the spread of so dangerous a disease.

The disease had prevalence to some extent at Alton to the prison and returning perhaps daily. I took the precaution of calling the attention of Major General Curtis to the matter that he might decide on the propriety of sending prisoners from there to City Point.

I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of my letter to General Curtis communication the order of the General-in-Chief and an extract of my letter to General Wright, commanding Department of the Ohio, in which though I was not called upon by my duty to do I made suggestion which were intended to guard against there being any delay form want of transportation.

I have requested by telegram of the commanders of Camp Douglas and Alton Prison to report what inspection was made of the prisoners before their departure with a view to prevent their carrying the smallpox with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Baltimore, Md., April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. L. DONALDSON, Chief Quartermaster.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that form the Confederate prisoners who have recently passed through this city ten cases of smallpox have been admitted to the Marine Hospital (smallpox by my order as well as one member of their guard. It is believed all the squads which have passed through have not been properly reported, but where they have been the effort has been made to stop them. I have been unofficially informed an attending Confederate surgeon took with him some cases that he considered 'slight. "

There is a hospital for such cases and if reported to this office can be cared for. In their anticipated arrival is reported with a view to their inspection it would be of benefit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 16, 1863.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL; The General-in-Chief directs that all enlisted prisoners of war of the rebel army be forwarded to City Point for delivery and I have the honor to request you will give the necessary orders for the movement of the prisoners in the two prisons at Saint Louis and the Alton Prison. At the latter prison the prevalence of smallpox for some or less infected with the disease so far through the interior of the country, and it is left for you to decide how far the order in relation to these prisoners can be carried out. This order covers all guerrillas, rangers, &amp;c.

