
The Pittsburgh and Baltimore route, will I presume be most direct and convenient and I would respectfully suggest that the quartermaster at these two places be notified of the movement in time so that there may be no delay for transportation.

I will write to the provost-marshal-general at Saint Louis and the commanding officer at Alton Prison in relation to rolls, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., March 16, 1863.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

* * *

The Pittsburgh and Baltimore route I presume will be the most convenient and I would respectfully suggest that the quartermasters at these two places have timely notice to provide the necessary transportation, &c., and the movement should be so arranged as to time that the parties from different camps would not interfere with each other on the Pittsburgh and Baltimore road.

* * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 8, 1863.

General J. A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: In obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 78, by which I was detailed on the 22nd ultimo to superintend the execution of Department General Orders, Numbers 43, I have the honor to submit the following partial report:

For the purpose of a personal conference with Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell, commanding U. S. forces at Nashville, the point at which the operation of the order would be most general, I visited him at his headquarters and consulted with him as to the best of its execution. I have since received from him a list of names of persons who on account of their sympathies with the rebellion he deems it unsafe to permit to remain within our lines, which with the papers* on the subject I transmit with this report. I have dropped a few names from this list as the reasons alleged against some and my personal knowledge in reference to others leads me to believe that action in reference to them is not necessary at present. The remainder I have divided into three classes, appending separate lists according to that classification to this report. Those named in list Numbers 1 I recommend to be sent through our lines by way of Vicksburg or some other remote from the position of this army to the territory occupied by the rebels. Those named in list Numbers 2 I recommend to be sent to the rear of our lines in the loyal States, north of the Ohio River, for the reason that if permitted to go South they might

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

