
serve to swell the ranks of our enemies. In both cases they should be given to understand that if afterwards found within our lines they will be treated as spies and punished accordingly. List Numbers 3 contains the capable of proof of overt acts in violation of military law, who ought not to be sent to go at large anywhere. I recommend that they be sent North to be confined in a military prison during the war or until released by competent authority and under the same penalties if found hereafter within our lines.

In reference to those persons designates in the general order as those "whose mutual protectors and supporters are in arms against us," General Mitchell informs me that the has been in the practice of giving orders upon wealthy secessionists to provide for their wants. He adds:

Much suffering will inevitably ensue to people of this class if they are sent South to struggle with the destitution that prevails there, and unless they manifest an active to aid enemy I would most respectfully recommend that the policy of making wealthy rebels support the wives and children of those whom they have driven into the Southern Army by continued. The property left by wealthy expatriated rebels might be made to yield an income for this purpose.

In this recommendation I entirely concur.

Respectfully,

STANLEY MATTHEWS,

Colonel Fifth-first Ohio Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, April 8, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding:

Some of the prisoners from the West are infected with the smallpox and the Secretary of War directs that all possible precaution be taken to prevent its spreading.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 6, 1863.

Honorable F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Western Virginia, Wheeling, Va.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that your letters of the 28th ultimo requesting that certain officers from Virginia belonging to the rebel army may be placed at your disposal has been laid before the Secretary of War and in reply he directs me to say that it is expected that the prisoners now in the hands of the rebels authorities will soon be exchanged and action on your application is therefore deferred for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 8, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have respectfully to request that the assistant quartermasters at Columbus, Indianapolis, Springfield and Chicago may be

