
directed to take charge of all property purchased with the prisoners' fund at the camps near those cities respectively, viz, Camp Chase, Camp Morton, Camp Butler and Camp Douglas, when those camps are vacated by the prisoners held at them from time to time. To insure a proper care of the property it is desirable if possible that the quartermaster send an agent to the camp occasionally to see that the property is not unnecessarily destroyed and when the camp is vacated that the property is collected and accounted for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL SCHENCK'S HEADQUARTERS,

Baltimore, April 8, 18623.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Surgeon Simpson, medical director, is now on his way to see you about smallpox cases among the Confederate prisoners. They are from Camp Douglas.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Quartermaster.

OFFICE QUARTERMASTER, Baltimore, Md., April 8, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I am just in receipt of your letter and in addition to what I stated to you by telegram will say that most of the cases of smallpox among the prisoners came from Chicago. This is my opinion, as no report has been made to me by officers in charge. I have sent them all to the Marine Hospital, as accommodations are there to receive them. Some ten cases have been thus disposed of, one of which has been fatal. Doctor Simpson, medical director of this department, left here this morning to confer with you and has I presume by this time had a consultation with you. He can give you all the information that I have on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Quartermaster.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

I send you by this mail an additional list of rebel prisoners of war who have died in our hospitals furnished by the Surgeon-General. I send also list of those who have died at the several stations where they have been held at Forts Warren and Delaware, Camps Chase, Butler, Morton and Douglas, Alton and Saint Louis Prisoners and Johnson's Island. I inclose herewith a list* of Federal troops captured with General Stoughton and now held I believe at Richmond. The prisoners

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

