
at Fort Lafayette captured by the Navy have not yet been placed at my disposal. As soon as they are I will give instructions to have them and Zarvona sent to Fort Delaware.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 8, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Your letters of the 2nd and 6th instant with inclosures are just received. The lists of deceased Confederate soldiers are I suppose intended for the Confederate authorities. Please inform me by return mail whether I can depend upon the receiving of the prisoners held under the order of the Navy Department and also Zarvona at the same time with the officers. I cannot arrange exchange of naval officers and men without the former and a very advantageous exchange can now be effected for the latter. I am very desirous to get these old matters out of the way and now seems to be the best time to do it. I sent to Annapolis last evening about 150 released prisoners. Among them and who are declared exchanged are the following named officers. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., April 8, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Hdqrs. Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore.

SIR: I have the honor to return to your office Captain Lazelle's report in relation to the condition of things at Camp Parole and Colonel Hoffman's letter which accompanied it.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., April 9, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Colonel C. A. Waite, calling his attention to the instructions contained in the indorsement of the major-general commanding of the 11th March, 1863, which he happens to have overlooked. Colonel Waite will report his views in relation to have over contained in the report of the inspecting officer and state what changes and remedies he has already been able to make.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

W. H. CHESBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list of 13 officers omitted.

---------------

