
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. BROWNE, Jr.,

Military Secretary, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I am directed by His Excellency by the Governor to forward to you the inclosed copy of a letter from C. B. Burrell, quartermaster of the Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, concerning the sale into slavery in the State of Texas of two colored boys attached to the regiment, some companies of which were taken prisoners at Galveston.

The Governor desires that you shall present the facts in the case to the Secretary of War, the particulars of which are fresh in your mind. You will recollect that the grandfather of one of these boys was one of the colored soldiers of the Revolution, and that his widow, now residing in Concord, is one of the few surviving revolutionary pensioners in this State.

His Excellency desires that Mr. Stanton be made acquainted with these facts and that any relief possible may be obtained for these boys, Charles Fairfax Revaleon and Charles Gerrish Amons.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WARE,

Assistant Military Secretary.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, April 13, 1863.

The two colored boys mentioned within, Charles Fairfax Revaleon and Charles Gerrish Amons, were citizens of Massachusetts and were engaged in the military service of the United States as servants to the colonel and staff of the Forty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry. As such they were taken prisoners by the rebels at the recapture of the city of Galveston, Tex., in February last, two companies of the Forty-second being at the same time forced to capitulate after a brave resistance. Lieutenant C. B. Burrell, the writer of the annexed letter, is the quartermaster of the regiment and is a brother of the colonel, who still remains a prisoners in the hands of the rebels.

A. G. BROWNE, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

NEW ORLEANS, March 2, 1863.

EDWIN W. QUINCEY, Dedham, Mass.

DEAR SIR: The chance that I feared and warned poor Charley against has been his fate. He was sold into slavery at Houston, Tex., the second or third day of this captivity. My brother said all that man could to save him without avail, as well as the other officers who liked the boy very much. His cousin shared a like fate. His aunt will remember that I tried to discourage the boy in every way that I could from going with us but without avail. Charley is smart and if he can only keep his tongue within bounds he will make his escape before any length of time elapses.

Our officers are all in close confinement and of course can do nothing for him. Tell his aunt to keep up her courage and hope as we all do for the best. The changes of war we all have to run and the end always follows the beginning. I will keep your address and if I learn anything of the boys I will write you.

