
One item may give his relations some little comfort in their trouble. Our men that were taken received very good treatment and the disposition seems to be to use Federals well that fall in their hands.

Yours, respectfully,

C. B. BURRELL.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, April 14, 1863.

Respectfully, returned to the honorable Secretary of War with the remark that it seems impossible to do anything in this case except as a result of success in the war.

E. A. HITCHOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, April 8, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: The best mode of arranging all questions relating to exchange of officers is to revoke formally or informally the offensive proclamation relating to our officers. I simply ask that you say by authority that such proclamation is revoked. The spirit of that proclamation was the infliction of personal indignities upon our officers, and as long as it remains unrepealed it can be any moment put in force by your authorities. What assurance have we that it will not be?

I earnestly desire a return to the cartel in all matters pertaining to officers, and until such be the case a uniformity of rule be thereby established our exchange of officers must be special. Some of our officers paroled at Vicksburg were subsequently placed in close confinement and are now so held. If hereafter we parole any of your officers such paroles will be offset against any which you may possess. At present the exchanges will be confined to such equivalents as are held in confinement on either side. I hope you will be able to remove all difficulties about officers by the revocation I have mentioned. By reference to the map you will see that Fort Delaware is en route to Fort Monroe. It is used as a depot for collecting of prisoners sent from other places for shipment here and is from its peculiar position well adapted for convenience for exchange.

If any mistake be found in the account of men paroled by Lieutenant-Colonel Richards at Oxford, Miss., on December 22, 1862, it can be rectified when we meet.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 9, 1863.

The SECRETARY OF WAR:

On the 27th of November, 1862, Brigadier-General Boyle issued a general order from which the following is an extract:

All slavers within camp will be placed beyond the guard lines and not be permitted to return.

The first question which arises on the letter* of Major Sherwood referred to this office for consideration is as to the legality of this order.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

