
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Milliken's Bend, La., April 22, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, and attention invited to report* of Lieutenant-Commander Breese, Mississippi Squadron, accompanying for the information desired.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 7th is received. I have had inquiries made at the post-office for the package of rolls but it has not yet been found. I have called for the charges against Captain Baylor and his case will be laid before Colonel Holt, Judge-Advocate-General. On examining the rolls of deceased rebels I find that the Surgeon-General gives the names of some but not all who died at the Western stations.

Wherever the same name is on both rolls I have had it marked. When your exchanges are completed please furnish me with the names of all army employees and citizens who have been exchanged. If I understand it rightly none of the late deliveries, soldiers or citizens, have been exchanged except under General Orders, Numbers 10, or in some special cases. Please say if I am correct in this impression.

Can you effect anything in Doctor Rucker's case? If he will probably be released inform me by telegraph that I may communicate it to his wife. The rolls mentioned in my letter of yesterday will be forwarded by to-day's mail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, April 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Archbishop Kenrick again intercedes for Rev. T. A. Becker, Catholic priest at Martinsburg, and will probably appeal to you. I have examined Mr. Becker in person. Find him a thorough secessionist who prayed in his church for Jeff. Davis and the Confederacy but will not pray for the President and authorities of the United States. See former papers in his case. I think he should be sent through the lines.

ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW, U. S. Army.

SIR: I inclose a communication of the 31st [30th?] ultimo with sundry indorsements in relation to Major Withers, to which your attention is called, particularly in view of the indorsement by General Halleck,

---------------

* Not found; but see Breese to Rawline, p. 499.

---------------

