
individuals as originally intended it has been distributed partly to destitute prisoners.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. MOON,

Captain, Commanding Prisons.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 36. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 10, 1863.

The commanding general has observed with surprise that in this department prisoners from the rebel service are frequently allowed unguarded the freedom of the vicinity in which they confined. This practice must cease. Prisoners of this character must be constantly under guard and any officer permitting a violation of this order will at once be arrested and sent to these headquarters for such action as the commanding general may direct.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 11, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK, Commanding at Baltimore:

Remove Mrs. Faulkner and her family beyond our lines if by their disloyal practices their presence within our lines in your judgment endangers the success of military operations or the safety of your troops.

P. H. WATSON,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 11, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

Reports have been received here that Senator Powell, candidate for Governor of Kentucky, has acted in a disloyal manner and advocated the secession of that State from the Union. You will cause his conduct to be closely observed and reported to these headquarters.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SUFFOLK, [VA.,] April 11, 1863.

Major-General KEYES:

I have arrested all the leading secessionists in this place and forbade the passing out of any individuals through the lines. Wives and families of our officers are ordered to leave and I advise that no more passes be given to citizens to visit Suffolk at the present time. All the reserve ammunition and tools for this command were thrown off the track last night a few miles this side of Norfolk. They are indispensable and should be sent forward without delay.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

