
BALTIMORE, April 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have permitted Mrs. Emman Moore, a secesh kinswoman, of mine from Philadelphia, to go South via Fort Monroe on her parole not to attempt to come within the Union lines during the rebellion, her baggage and person also being strictly searched. Will you give an order to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow to let her pass by the flag-of-truce boat? Part of Mrs. Moore's trunks containing contraband goods were seized and held in Philadelphia.

ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 11, [1863.]

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Military District of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: By direction of the General-in-Chief all the enlisted prisoners of war in the Old Capitol will be forwarded with as little delay as practicable to City Point there to be paroled or exchanged.

Please direct duplicate rolls to be sent with them and one to this office. On their reaching Fort Monroe direct the officer in charge to report to Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners, for further orders.

It is desirable that these prisoners should be delivered without delay, and I would therefore suggest that they be sent via Baltimore unless a steamer can be obtained here more readily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 11, 1863.

Colonel B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Commanding Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: The following prisoners of war belonging to the crew of the Queen of the West, recently captured on the Red River, have been ordered to report to you and to remain at Benton Barracks until further orders, viz: W. E. Taylor, first assistant engineer; Henry S. Duncan, third master; C. S. Edison, second master; James W. Foster, carpenter. Please request General Grant to direct that muster-rolls and all necessary information to show the position these men hold in the military service may be furnished you, a copy of which you will please send to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

APRIL 12, 1863.

P. S. -Sixteen other men of the crew of the Queen of the West have been also ordered to report to you. A list of their names is herewith inclosed.

W. H.

