SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 68. Memphis, Tenn., April 12, 1863.

* * *

V. In pursuance of orders this day received from the major-general commanding department it is ordered that Lieutenant Colonel M. Smith, provost-marshal, forthwith cause the entire press of the city of Memphis to be suppressed. He will take possession of the officers and material thereunto belonging, leaving the same in safe custody, not to be used without orders from these headquarters.

The editors of the Bulletin newspaper, Messrs. Hough and Nabors, will be immediately arrested and sent under guard to the headquarters of the commanding general by the first boat.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurblut:

HENRY BINMORE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, LA., April 13, 1863.

Major N. G. WATTS, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

On consultation with the Adjutant-General of the Army as to the propriety of receiving prisoners of war for exchange without the officers accompanying them he advises me to receive them.

The Dix-Hill cartel requires that officers and soldiers taken prisoners by either party should be sent to one of the two places agreed upon for exchange within ten days after their capture.

The order of Mr. Davis to hold officers I looked upon as a violation of this cartel or at least a revocation of it and that I had no right to make exchanges on any other basis without direct instructions to do so from the Government.

General Thomas informs me that notwithstanding this order to retain officers they are exchanging them in the East and that he has no doubt but that all will be exchanged. I will therefore receive all prisoners you may please to send and will return to you the same class of prisoners as they fall into my hands.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE FORCES,Spring Hill, Tenn., April 13, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Franklin, Tenn.

GENERAL: In reply to your communications received yesterday by flag of truce in the hands of Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, I have the honor to state that I have forwarded them to the general commanding the Army of Tennessee at Tullahoma and will send you his reply as soon as received. I have not the authority to act upon your propositions or to reply to the subject-matter of your letter.

Very respectfully, general, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General, Commanding Confederate Forces.

CAMP DOUGLAS, ILL., April 13, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: Having been assigned to the command of the District of Illinois, headquarters at Springfield, Ill., by General Orders, Numbers 35, Department of the Ohio, Colonel Daniel Cameron, Sixty fifth Regiment Illinois

