
Volunteer Infantry, is placed in command of Camp Douglas. I have the honor herewith to transmit his receipt* for books, vouchers, &amp;c., relating to prisoners forwarded and for prisoners sick in hospital and money placed to their credit. April 9 I forwarded a report by mail to you of the inspection that had been made of prisoners before forwarding them to guard against smallpox occurring during the trip.

Very respectfully,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District of Illinois.

FORT DELAWARE, April 13, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: Believing that it is not only the policy but the wish of your Government that the conduct of the present unfortunate war in which we are engaged should be conducted as far as possible upon principles of humanity and that every means should be adopted to insure a kind and humane treatment to those soldiers of your army who may in the varying fortunes of war fall into our hands, and believing that you are not cognizant of or do not approve of such conduct as is being perpetrated by certain officials of your Government, I desire to call your attention to and to enter my solemn protest against the conduct of the U. S. officials in charge of the Confederate prisoners lately confined at Camp Chase, Ohio.

Upon leaving there I was subjected to the grossest and most inhuman treatment, my person insulted, the clothing torn from my back, my baggage robbed of all it contained, my overcoat and gloves taken and some of the officers of my staff even had their shirts stripped from their persons. Certain little articles of no pecuniary value or use to your Government but of peculiar value to me (articles which I had purchased in and brought from the South and which had been reserved to me by General McClernand at the time of my capture) were taken from me apparently from no other motive than the meanest malice. My spurs were taken from my feet, my sash from my waist, my combs, brushes and all such necessary articles of comfort were ruthlessly taken.

And I am not alone in the above complaint but it was the common lot of my staff and all the officers (between 300 and 400) confined therein with me. They did not even have the money for which they held the post commandant's receipt returned to them and some of them were stripped to the skin and exposed to the vulgar gaze of the gaping crowd.

Believing as I said before that such conduct is not warranted by any order of yours and knowing the evil and unfortunate tendency it will have to embitter and prolong the struggle I in the name in behalf of your own unfortunate soldiers who may be in our hands respectfully ask your serious attention to the above fact.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Delaware, Del., April 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

I have been compelled to issue 422 blankets, all that were on hand at the post, to the prisoners who arrived last night and want some 30

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

