
[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 13, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Refused.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 17, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant-General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 38. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 13, 1863.

The commanding general publishes for the information of all concerned that hereafter all persons found within our lines who commit acts for the benefit of the enemies of our country will be tried as spies or traitors and if convicted will suffer death. This order includes the following class of persons:

Carriers of secret mails.

Writers of letters sent by secret mails.

Secret recruiting officers within the lines.

Persons who have entered into an agreement to pass our lines for the purpose of joining the enemy.

Persons found concealed within our lines belonging to the service of the enemy, and in fact all persons found impropriety within our lines who could give private information to the enemy.

All persons within our lines who harbor, protect, conceal, feed, clothe or in any way aid the enemies of our country.

The habit of declaring sympathies for the enemy will not be allowed in this department. Persons committing such offenses will be at once arrested with a view to being tried as above stated or sent beyond our lines into the lines of their friends.

It must be distinctly understood that treason expressed or implied will not be tolerated in this department.

All officers and soldiers are strictly charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Camp Totten, Mo., April 14, 1863.

Major-General HERRON, Commanding Army of the Frontier.

SIR: In answer to your communication of the 12th instant in reference to certain prisoners of war captured and paroled by me at Van

