
Buren, Ark., January 25, 1863, I have the honor to refer you to the accompanying certificate. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES STUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Delaware, Del., April 13, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The inclosed letters* an intimation from the Quartermaster's Department that additional barracks for prisoners are about being erected on this island. Should such be the intention of the Government I should be pleased to be informed of the number of prisoners it is proposed to quarter here and also the character of the buildings to be erected. As I have some little experience in such matters as buildings quarters of all kinds and as the health of my command is in a great degree connected with that of the prisoners I request that I may have the matter of plan as well as location intrusted to me. The present barracks are not fitted in their most essential details for the purpose for which they were built and will have to be altered. One set is very badly located and I propose to change it to another point. By so doing and altering the other to adapt it to the purposes for which it was constructed the additional buildings which it appears to be the purpose to erect may probably be diminished in size. We want a smallpox hospital and bake ovens, with cisterns or tanks in which to catch water from the roofs, and other things which are essential to health or comfort. By having charge of this matter I can better take care of the interests of the Government with reference to the economy of construction.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Chicago, April 14, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Ammen left here yesterday in obedience to order from headquarters Department of the Ohio. The command of Camp Douglas devolves upon me as the senior officer. We had on the 10th, the day on which General Ammen received orders, 323 prisoners of war in hospital sick and as nurses. We have since that date received 48 additional prisoners sent to this camp by Major-General Hurlbut, commanding at Memphis. I inclose descriptive list. + Heretofore commissioned officers sent to this camp have been forwarded to Columbus, Ohio, for safer confinement, and I respectfully ask instructions in the case of Captain Smith and Lieutenant Johns, of the Confederate service, now here.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel Sixty-fifth Illinois, Commanding Camp Douglas.

---------------

* Not found; but see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part I, pp. 220-222.

+ Omitted.

---------------

31 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

