
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 14, [1863.]

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: By direction of the commissary-general of prisoners I have the honor to inclose to you by mail the following rolls, viz: Roll of prisoners of state at the Old Capitol Prison, Washington, D. C., list of U. S. prisoners belonging to the Eighth U. S. Infantry, and band and to the First and Seventh U. S. Infantry captured in Texas, paroled or accounted for and forwarded for exchange December 26, 1862; rolls 344 paroled Federal prisoners received at New Orleans March 13, 1863, from Major N. G. Watts, C. S. Army, by Colonel W. Hoffman; muster-rolls of Federal prisoners forwarded to Vicksburg for exchange January 22, 1863; list of prisoners captured on board the Queen of the West on Red River, La.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OHIO, Hamilton, County, ss:

Personally appeared before me, a notary public in and for said county, James M. Seeds, who is personally known to me, who being first duly sworn deposes and says that the several matters and things set forth in his certain letters addressed to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, hereto attached, respectively marked A and B, and dated respectively March 24, 1863, and April 13, 1863, are true in substance and in fact, the same being a true statement of the nature and amount of expenditures by him for the purposes therein named.

JAS. M. SEEDS,

Sworn to before me and subscribed in my presence this 14th day of April, 1863.

WILLIAM M. RAMSEY,

Notary Public, Hamilton County, Ohio.

[Inclosure A.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 24, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Whilst I was a prisoner in the South I spent for the use of the sick and suffering Union men confined there $125, which I ask to have returned to me, as I have lost all my property, including $1,300 in money and my clothes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. SEEDS.

[Inclosure B.]

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 13, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The expenditures made by the individually whilst confined in the county jail at Richmond, Va., from the 13th November, 1861, to the 15th May, 1862, for medicines, provisions and clothing for Union soldiers and Union men confined with me, arrested as spies and being entirely destitute, was $40. I expended $85 for the same purposes at

