
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF IND., DEPT., OF THE OHIO, Numbers 9. Indianapolis, April 15, 1863.

In assuming the command of the District of Indiana the general commanding deems it advisable and proper to issue the following order to the end that all may be advised of the principles which will govern his action:

I. He has no proclamation to issue nor policy to adopt. That has already been done and in his judgment well done by the commanding general of this department. He has no partisan feelings or interests he intends to advance, but desires to confer freely and fully with the prominent men of all political parties and invokes their hearty co operation in all measures calculated to restore harmony and good feeling in the State. He neither claims to interfere with civil matters in the State nor has any desire to do so.

II. The commanding general is charged with the duty of carrying into effect the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 38, recently issued by Major-General Burnside. He proposes doing so. Unmistakable evidence has reached him that the provisions of this order have been and are being violated in various parts of the State. This is unfortunately done in many instances by well meaning men who are led astray by newspapers and public speakers. These latter will therefore be held to the most rigid accountability. There is no use in trying to dry the stream while its fountains are allowed to flow. All the newspapers and public speakers that counsel resistance to the conscription act or any other law of Congress passed as a war measure or that endeavor to bring the war policy of the Government into disrepute will be considered as having violated the order above alluded to and treated accordingly. The country will have to be saved or lost during the time that this Administration remains in power and therefore he who is factiously and actively opposed to the war policy of the Administration is as much opposed to his Government.

III. The commanding general indulges the hope that all citizens of the State will see the propriety and necessity of the observance of this order, and as they regard the true interest and welfare of the State and nation give him no occasion to take action on account of its violation.

By command of Brigadier-General Hascall:

ED. R. KERSTETER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT DELAWARE, April 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

Five hundred rebel officers are here. Prisoners from Lafayette not arrived.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., April 16, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I had the honor to receive yesterday your letter of the 11th instant in relation to certain errors and discrepancies in the return and rolls which accompanied it for the month of March last. I have endeavored to correct these errors as far as possible from the prison books which I find have not been kept in all respects as accurately as

