
I have before stated I did not receive that letter on the 12th ultimo, nor did I know of its issue until received the one in which that officer called for the probable number of civilians subject for exchange; also referring to the letter in which he had requested the rolls. I replied that I should immediately proceed to prepare the rolls. Captain Todd had furnished me with a new form of rolls which he said was forwarded to him by Colonel Hoffman with instructions that the place of arrest should be accurately inserted, together with several other matters not in my possession. I called on Colonel Hoffman on the 14th ultimo and informed him of the character of the lists furnished him by the provost-marshal and that entirely new rolls would have to be made out; that I would have them completed as soon as possible and would endeavor to have the prisoners ready for the boat at 3 p. m. I also stated that had I received earlier official notice of this exchange the number could have been increase about forty persons, many of whom were on parole. Colonel Hoffman then requested me to have them called in and have them ready to go on the next boat. From Colonel Hoffman's office I went direct to the military governor's office and requested clerical assistance to prepare the rolls in time to meet the request of Colonel Hoffman. I could not obtain this assistance from either the military governor or provost-marshal. I informed these officers of the trouble and difficulty in obtaining the information required on the new rolls; that each prisoner would have to be individually examined to obtain it.

They then instructed me to do the best I could with the matter; conform as near as I could to Colonel Hoffman's request and get the prisoners on board the boat as early as possible. The rolls were not completed until nearly 3 p. m., and were used for the delivery of the prisoners to the officer and guard detailed for the purpose and the prisoners were started for the boat. An orderly was sent to General Hitchock with the rolls to prevent the possibility of an error and I then proceeded to the residence of General Hitchock to ascertain if all was right. I informed the general of my action while he appeared satisfied with, and assured me that Colonel Hoffman would have the matter properly attended to; that he had sent the rolls to Colonel Hoffman and that it was unnecessary for me to give the matter further attention.

Previous experience prompted me to follow up the rolls and accordingly I called at Colonel Hoffman's office and made inquiry about them. I was there informed that Colonel Hoffman, the officers and clerks had all left, leaving no one to give the matter attention. I obtained the rolls, went myself to Colonel Hoffman's residence in Georgetown and presented them for his inspection, informing him that the prisoners were waiting on the wharf for his orders, when he requested me to return the rolls to his office.

The name of D. T. Chandler I am satisfied must have been on the list furnished by the provost-marshal, but a comparison of what list with the one furnished by me will show that the former was neither guide, evidence or reference for the material of the latter. All exchanges heretofore made from this prison were based on the charges and evidence in the office of the provost-marshal. Mr. Chandler was committed as attempting to run the blockade and on that charge was entitled to the same judgment as his fellow-prisoners, and I do not recollect that Colonel Hoffman called my attention to his case. He may have done so, but when he called it the next day (Sunday) to the roll with the red line run through the name of Chandler, I expressed my regret at the oversight and have no excuse to offer now save that I

