
of Washington. Your Department has evidence of my services and knows the fidelity with which I have performed all the duties instructed to me as superintendent of the Old Capitol Prison.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM P. WOOD,

Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

[Inclosure A.]

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, March 27, 1863.

Mr. S. E. ADAMSON.

SIR: When I inquired of you about receiving a letter from General Hitchock in relation to making out rolls of prisoners you informed me you had received no such communication. On the receipt of said information from your I wrote to General Hitchock and Colonel Hoffman accordingly. After I had thus written you found the communication above referred to the next day, the seal unbroken, and then informed me that you had not received said letter nor could account for its being in the office. Please state in writing your recollection of the subject matter of this communication.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM P. WOOD,

Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

[Inclosure B.]

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, March 27, 1863.

W. P. WOOD, Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

SIR: In answer to your letter of this date asking for an explanation why you did not get the letter from General Hitchock relative to inquiries about rolls of prisoners: The letter was received by me from an orderly on the night of 12th instant, but was not opened; consequently I did not give a receipt for it. The next day having been interrogated by you about the letter I made a search for it, failing to find it; upon which and without due consideration or reflection I hastily told you no such letter was received. It having been mislaid and not finding it led me into the error and ignorance of its non-receipt. Upon again calling my attention to the letter referred to I made another search when I found it unopened and so gave it to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. ADAMSON.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 18, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: On December 22, 1862, the provost-marshal at Baltimore, Major Constable, committed to Fort McHenry as a prisoner of war Captain Robert [W.] Baylor, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, charged with murder, having killed one of our men when bearing a flag of truce. May I beg of you the favor to direct that any testimony in the possession of the provost-marshal or other officer which will establish the above charge may be forwarded to this office as early as practicable in order that Captain Baylor may be brought to trial?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

