
sent to Camp Chase. Shall I join them there? I await orders. Until I receive them my address will be Coldwater, Mich.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

I. COGSHALL,

Chaplain Nineteenth Michigan Infantry Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 97. Milliken's Bend, La., April 7, 1863.

Chaplains C. D. Phillsbury, of the Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, and I Cogshall, of Nineteenth Michigan Infantry Volunteers, captured at Brentwood, Tenn., on the 25th of March, having been unconditionally released by the Confederate authorities at Vicksburg (whilst their regiments are still held as prisoners), having reported at these headquarters, are directed to proceed to their respective homes and report by letter without delay to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland, and to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, Washington, D. C., such information as they may possess, and for orders. The Quartermaster's Department furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 19, 1863.,

Colonel R. C. BUCHANAN, Commanding Fort Delaware.

COLONEL: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to request [you] to hold David Lynn until further orders. He is one of the rebel officers recently sent from Camp Chase. Telegram just received from Major Darr, provost-marshal-general, Wheeling, Va., says General Rosecrans confirms his report of the violation of parole of David Lynn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 19, 1863.

Major T. HENDRICKSON,

Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.

MAJOR: In reply to appeal of Captain Melton which was referred by you to this office I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that the records in this office show that Captain Melton left Camp Chase for Johnson's Island the 26th of April, 1862, and that he was not delivered at the island. His statement that he escaped is therefore true, and his recapture only restored him to his position of prisoner of war. He will therefore be sent forward with the next party of prisoners of war ordered for exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

