
paroled prisoners of the Regular Army now at Camp Chase be transferred to Camp Thomas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OHIO,Cincinnati, April 28, 1863.

Respectfully referred to colonel Hoffman, commissary - general of prisoners, Washington, for information whether prisoners already at the general camps can properly be transferred to other camps merely for the purpose of having them within the States where they were enlisted. General Orders, Nos. 72 and 191, of 1862, refer to the original mode of reporting and to the forwarding of paroled men from temporary, station, &amp;c., but do not apparently decide the case made by General Mason's letter.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April, 21 [1863.]

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding, Memphis, Tenn.

GENERAL: I beg leave again to call your attention to the incomplete rolls of prisoners of war which are forwarded from the Department of the Tennessee to this office. Some of them give neither the time nor place of capture nor what disposition has been made of the prisoners and are wholly useless either for the records of this office of for the purpose of exchange.

I have the honor to inclose herewith one roll as a specimen. There is nothing upon it to show where it was made nor by a whom nor whether the prisoners are Federal of rebel except by the designation of the regiments.

Other rolls are more complete but still defective in parts. They should show at what place prisoners are held if still retained in our hands, or at what point delivered if sent beyond our line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C. April, 21, 1863.

Colonel G. H. CROSMAN,

Assistant Quartermaster - General, Philadelphia, Pa.

COLONEL: The Quartermaster - General has decided to substitute shingles for the felt roofing on the prison barrack about to be erected at Fort Delaware. The object in part is to secure the water which falls on them, and to this end the Quartermaster - General directs that suitable wooden water - tanks be constructed for each building. The general also directs that the schooner employed in transporting water to the fort be so arranged as to carry it in bulk. Possibly a larger vessel may be

