
Washington Petty and Elli Adams, of this county, were released from the guard house in Springfield. From my previous knowledge of Colonel Harrison I believed I could effect the release of my soldier immediately and learn some other things that would be of importance to me at this place and to the Government. I sent out a flag of truce to him under Captain Henslee; found him in a few hours; accomplished what I desired. My men arrived safety at home, but Colonel Harrison was fired upon under his flag before having gone more than three miles; his horse was shot under him, wounded severely; it and the rigging were captured, his papers, and my letter to him in regard to the prisoners, the manner of exchange, &amp;c. This was done by the Newtonia militia under Major Eno I suppose, and I learn that he has since declared that the would not return the trappings of the horse and my letters. As it was under a flag of truce proposed by me, an officer of the Government, for the good and welfare of that Government; as my command was kindly and safety guarded, picketed and protected by them during the existence of the flag, and as Colonel Harrison had not reached the point from which he started in order to meet my flag I maintain that they should not have been fired [upon] and that the property captured by them should be returned to me that I might return it, or be sent directly to Colonel Harrison; and I hope, major, that Colonel Cloud will issued an order upon Eno to that effect. I consider my honor involved, and if it commands any respect at your quarters I desire you if compatible with Colonel Cloud's views to issued such an order immediately. Colonel Harrison had my men treated remarkably well; horses returned with saddles and saddle equipments, and not one cent or one stitch of clothing taken from them; captured four in all, released two unconditionally.

I hope you will have Petty and Adams released as exchanged prisoners for Joseph Mckinnon, Company L, and elihu Maxwell, Company K, Missouri State Militia. If such is not done I will be compelled to return my soldiers to Colonel Harrison. They are vigorous and active soldiers. I received such information from Colonel Harrison as would be of service to General Curtis and I communicated it directly to him. Colonel Harrison seems to be in command of all the squads, hands and gangs abroad in the country (outranking Tom R. Livingston, who is still absent but daily expected with 150 men), and who says he is gathering them together to make an expedition into Colorado Territory to capture the arms, mules, wagons and mail belonging to the Government. I will not be deceived by these specious stories.

Major, am I to remain here much longer? I make this inquiry because this place is in General Blunt's department. The Secessionists say that Tom R. Livingston (Chin Pagod) will sweep over this district like a tornado and will make the Fed's tremble from head to foot. Bah! My impression is they are preparing to make a heavy - raid into Kansas and if General Blunt is not upon the alert they will burn and desolate that State furiously. It was reported to me on yesterday by Major Morgan, of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, stationed at Avilla, between here and Greenfield, that 150 men of Colonel B. F. Parker's regiment had passed there going north; were under command of Captain Marchbanks. I ordered them to send word immediately to Colonel Phillips at Greenfield. Major, I am in hopes that you will not delay that order on Eno.

Yours, very truly,

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant - Colonel Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

