
a parole in order to get home and restored to health. I am perfectly willing and very anxious to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, and would have never joined the rebel army if not compelled by circumstances I was then unable to resist. All I wish now is to return home and live the few years which Providence may grant me in peace and loyalty to the United States Government.

Hoping for a compliance with my request as soon as convenient,

I am, resentfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK MAY,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, April 21, 1863.

Report of the number of paroled prisoners belonging to Illinois, Missouri, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, New York regiments and batteries and the Regular Army:

State	 Commissioned	 Enlisted men. 	 Total.

 officers.

Illinois. 	 1	 41	 42

Missouri	 - 	 4	 4

Michigan	 5 	 354 	 359

Pennsylvania*	 - 	 85 	 85

Indiana	 -	 333 	 +333

Minnesota 	 - 	 1 	 1

Wisconsin	 2 	 21 	 23

New York*	 - 	 5 	 5

U. S. Army 	 - 	 13 	 13

Total	 8	 857 	 865

---------------

* Annapolis.

---------------

+ Have been sent to Indianapolis, Ind., on the 20th instant.

WM. VON DOEHN,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, April 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: As requested in your dispatch of this date I give you below a list of the bridge burners captured in Georgia:

E. H. Mason, Twenty - first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now at Columbus, Ohio; Robert Buffum, Twenty - first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now in Massachusetts; William Bensinger, Twenty - first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now in Hancock County, Ohio; Jacob Parrott, Thirty - third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now in Hardin County, Ohio; William H. Reddick, Thirty - third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now in Adams County, Ohio; William Pittenger, Second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now in Steubenville, Ohio. Please request the Secretary of War to extend their furloughs until exchanged, directing them to report to me from time to time.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

