
MURFREESBOROUGH, April 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners:

Have my prisoners taken at Stone's River been exchanged? Please give official notice soon.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major - General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 22, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General - in - Chief:

I wish Major, Alton Prison, exchanged for Major McConnel, taken and paroled by rebels yesterday. McConnel has important intelligence to disclose after exchanged. Immediate answer is desired. Rebels 10,000 strong in South Missouri. They hope to co - operate with forces raising in Illinois. Much excitement at Pilot knob, but the enemy seems to move toward Cape Girardeau or Dallas to cut off Bloomfield forces. Their move seems daring and confident.

S. R. CURTIS,

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 22, 1863.

Colonel HENRY DENT, Provost - Marshal - General, Louisville, Ky.

COLONEL: On comparing the rolls of prisoners of war forwarded from Lexington, Ky., by order of General Gillmore, with the roll of those forwarded to City Point for delivery it is found that those named on the accompanying rolls which are on the Lexington rills are not accounted for. Will you please inform me whether these prisoners are still held at Louisville or have they been

released?

I inclose herewith a copy of regulations* published in June last for the government of stations where prisoners of war are held and I have to request you will be guided by them as far as practicable.

Blank monthly returns were sent to you in November last but no return has ever been furnished to this officer. Please forward me one for this month at its close, with such rolls and explanations as may be necessary to account for the alterations. I inclose herewith a scale+ of rations to govern issued to prisoners and the savings go to make the prison fund. By this mail I forward to you blank returns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 22, 1863.

Captain A. E. DRAKE, Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

The control of the Camp Chase Prison has heretofore been exclusively in the hands of Captain Webber and I have to request that it may remain so. The irregularities which you mention and which I am obliged to you reporting have grown out of the unauthorized influence of the commander of the camp, who should not have opened the prison

---------------

* Omitted here; see Vol. IV., this Series, p. 152.

---------------

+ Not found.

