
One boat can accommodate all. Why then postpone the delivery of equivalents except to allow distracting questions to intervene which might defeat the delivery? If you have any paroles I will acknowledge them; if any are hereafter presented by you up to the present date I will acknowledge them if you will give me the same privilege. What can be more fair, equal and reciprocal than all this? If you think I will press upon you paroles which are not

"proper" let us meet together when the officers are brought up or before. I will offer none to you but such as are most clearly within our former rules of practice. If you will send to City Point all the officers you have you will receive no detriment.

If there are more than we have (counting paroles) I pledge you an equivalent, either in men already delivered to you or if you prefer it in officers hereafter captured and as soon as captured. No proclamation or message shall affect the surplus.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

BURKE'S STATION, April 22, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

DEAR SIR: Will you be so kind as to inform me per return mail whether the railroad men captured at this place last December and released from Richmond in February are yet exchanged?

Respectfully, yours,

A. E. CROCKER,
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 23, 1863.

Major - General GRANT, Near Vicksburg.

GENERAL: Prisoners sentenced to hard labor, &amp;c., in your department should not be sent to Alton Prison where there is no labor to be performed but should be made to work on fortification, &c., in your department. Moreover Alton is not capable of accommodating the prisoners sent there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., April 23, 1863.

Major -General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

All exchanges must be made under the cartel. Only two modes are provided - one by delivery at the points named and the other at the points agreed upon in the field. Exchange requires actual delivery across the lines. * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

General - in - Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C. April 23, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW, Fort Monroe.

COLONEL: It has been officially reported that in the arrival at Tullahoma of the prisoners of war of the Twenty - second Wisconsin Volunteers,

