
the whole power of the Government if necessary. It should be added that the important service voluntarily and so loyally rendered by one of these negroes to the Union cause appeal strongly to the Government to interpose for his protection.

The claim of $ 250 for expenses set up against each of these negroes should not be recognized nor regarded. Those who have incurred these expenses, if indeed they have been incurred to the amount named, have done so in their own wrong and in violation of law and they have no right to look either to the Government or to their victims, the negroes, for redress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Judge - Advocate - General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, April 23, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners:

The Governor of Ohio has in some instances granted paroles to rebel prisoners where in consequence of sickness it has been necessary to remove them from the prison. Yesterday he desired me to request that authority be vested in me to grant paroles in cases of this kind. He also suggested the propriety of paroling the female prisoners now here to the limits of this city. There are at present five female prisoners confined here, there being no suitable accommodations at Camp Chase. They were removed to the second story a house in the city, placed in the immediate charge of a loyal female, strictly guarded and subjected to all the regulations established by you for government of prisons. The house occupied was already in charge of the quartermaster and not renter for the purpose.

your letter of the 20th has been received and your instructions with reference carried into effect, Captain Webber, of the Governor's Guards, being commandant of prisons.

Your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 23, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Pursuant to your instructions of the 17th instant I have the honor to make the following report upon the necessity of constructing a new prison in the West for the detention of prisoners of war and disloyal persons, as suggested in the accompanying letter* of His Excellency Governor Tod, of Ohio: There is at this time in the West no suitable prison for the purpose referred to except that on Johnson's Island, in Sandusky Bay, which is in every way well located and complete except that in such a winter as the past, which was very unusual for its mildness, communication with it may be almost entirely cut off. In ordinary seasons the crossing is interrupted for a few days in the fall and spring, but no enough to be any great inconvenience. The other prison camps were not originally intended for the purpose, and though

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

