HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, April 23, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: The postmaster here reports that the package of papers supposed to have been mailed here to you without prepayment of postage was forwarded to Washington to you and must either be in the city or dead - letter post - office there. The package was made up of lists of paroled prisoners sent to you for additional proof of delivery within the enemy' lines.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant - Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

OFFICE SPECIAL COMMISSIONER,

Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, April 23, 1863.

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate:

As to Miss Fannie Battle, aged nineteen years, of Davidson County, Tenn., arrested on the 7th day of April, A. D. . 1863, by order of Colonel Truesdail, chief of policed Nashville, and brought to Camp Chase on the 15th day of April, 1863, charged with being a spy, with smuggling goods and with getting a forged pass, I have the honor to report that the prisoners denies the all allegation of having been a spy but admits that she is a rebel and she had a forged pass. She further denies that she smuggling goods at the time she was arrested. There can be no doubt from the manner of the prisoner in replying to inquiries that she has been engaged in smuggling. The prisoner is affable and attractive and well qualified by a manners and mind to be influential for evil to the loyal cause. She is a daughter of the rebel General Battle. I recommend that she be exchanged and sent beyond our lines as soon as it may be convenient to our Government.

Respectfully,

SAML. GALLOWAY,

Special Commissioner.

OFFICE SPECIAL COMMISSIONER,

Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, April 23, 1863.

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate:

As to Miss Harriet Booker, aged twenty - four years, of Davidson County, Tenn., arrested on the 7th day of April, A. D. 1863, by order of Colonel Truesdail, Chief of police at Nashville, and brought to Camp Chase on the 15th day of April, 1863, charged with being a rebel, a spy, with forging a pass and altering the same and with smuggling goods through the lines and conveying letters and information to the enemy, I have the honor to report that the prisoners denies the charge of smuggling, of being a spy or conveying letters to the enemy, but admits herself to be a rebel and to have altered a forged pass, knowing the same to have been forged for the purpose of being fraudulently used. The prisoners is less intelligent than Miss Battle and more ingenuous. She has been obviously under the control of Miss Battle. There can be no doubt as to her active and cordial co - operation in the acts of Miss Battle. If she could be removed from the influence of

