
[that] designing woman she would be harmless. I recommend that she be exchanged and sent beyond our lines, and if convenient and practicable that she be separated from the companionship of Miss Battle.

Respectfully,

SAML. GALLOWAY,

Special Commissioner.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 24, 1863.

Major - General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

The exchange of Major for Major McConnel according to your request has been sent to General Hitchlock, commissioner of exchange.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. DICK,

Provost - Marshal - General, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt, by reference from Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary - general of prisoners, of your letter of the 5th ultimo, in the following words: *

Upon this letter several indorsements have been made of which the following are copies, viz:

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 8, 1863.

Refereed to the Judge - Advocate - General to report what should be done in these cases.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

JUDGE - ADVOCATE - GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 24, 1863.

The views of Provost - Marshal Lieutenant - Colonel Dick as expressed in the within risible rebels is unquestionable the true one and a policy less lenient that this cannot be safety pursued anywhere but especially in the State of Missouri. I recommend that he be instructed to carry into execution promptly and inflexibly the opinion he has expressed as to the proper disposition to be made both of the men and women who are in rebellion against the Government in the State of Missouri or who are actively though secretly giving aid and comfort to those who are so.

J. HOLT,

Judge - Advocate - General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 23, 1863.

Opinion of Judge - Advocate - General Approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

You will be governed in your action by these indorsements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, April 24, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Burnside has sent three ladies from Cincinnati to go to City Point by your permission. When Mr. Ould was advised that no one was to come North without precious permission from you he notified us

---------------

* Omitted, here; see p. 319.

---------------

