
that no one would be received at City Point to go South without previous permission from the authorities at Richmond and several persons sent up by your authority have been returned by the boat which took them there. I advised you at the time.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.

MEMPHIS, April 24, 1863.

Brigadier - General ASBOTH:

If there is likely to be any trouble the Anna prisoners remove them to Columbus. Do not surrender them to any one except U. S. marshal from Illinois, General Ammen or General Burnside.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major - General.

COLUMBUS, KY., April 24, 1863.

Major - General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

Pursuant to orders from General Burnside the twenty - three prisoners arrested at Anna and Jonesborough, Ill., were forwarded from here to Cincinnati this morning on steamer Lady Jackson under guard, Captain Cunningham, Twenty - seventh Wisconsin Infantry, in command, with orders to shoot any person interfering with his duties.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier - General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,In the Field, April 24,1 863

Major General S. PRICE, C. S. Army,

GENERAL: In accordance with paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 49, from War Department of the United States, I inclose you herewith as commander of the opposing forces a truce copy of the rules and regulations* for paroling of prisoners of war.

These rules will govern the officers of my command and paroles given my men or officers not in accordance with the order will not be recognized by me.

I am informed that the above rules governing paroles have been adopted by the commanders of all Confederate armies in the field.

I send this per flag of truce and would request that you communicate with me in regard to the matter.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major - General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 24, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

GENERAL: In reply to the accompanying letter + from Colonel John W. Forester, commanding, Henderson, Ky., referred to me through your office,

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 49, p. 306.

---------------

+ Not found.

