
allegiance. The Union people of Louisville are intensely Union in all their sentiments, uncompromisingly hostile and excessively bitter against all who are opposed to them in opinion. While they can look with some degree of leniency upon deluded Kentuckians they view with suspicion every act of kindness shown to rebel prisoners, even when this act is demanded by humanity.

These representations have been made to me by the provost-marshal-general of Kentucky, who requested that they be informally presented to you so that he might receive the proper instructions to guide him in his official duties. The commanding officer at Louisville has also requested definite instructions on all matters relative to the care, treatment and disposal of the different classes of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FREEDLEY,

Captain, Thirty Infty., Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ALTON MILITARY PRISON, December 8, 1862.

Colonel F. A. DICK, Provost-Marshal-General.

SIR: In answer to the note of your clerk of the 5th instant inquiring for prison regulations I have the honor to submit the following as our system of management: The business of the prison is done by the following officer under the direction of the commanding officer: 1 prison adjutant, 1 prison provost and 5 clerks and sergeants. The duty of the adjutant is to keep a correct record of all prisoners received, transferred, died, and make the monthly return; receive all money and valuables belonging to the prisoners. The adjutant is allowed three clerks; one who assists in keeping the records of the office, one who examines all mail matter passing to and from the prisoners and one who makes out the morning reports. The prison provost has charges of the prisoners, yard, calls, superintends the calling of the prison-roll, the policing, and is directly responsible for the correctness of the morning ward reports. He draws the rations, receives all packages passing through to the prisoners, &amp;c. He has two clerks, one who examines all packages received by the provost and has charge of the police force, and one who calls ward rolls and reports all changes to the adjutant. The prison provost draws and issue all clothing to the prisoners. There is connected with the prison a sutler who furnishes the prisoners with various articles, taking orders on the adjutant. We have the prisoners divided in wards, calling the roll twice a day, and all changes immediately reported. The hospital steward is required to report all changes daily.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. B. KINKED,

Captain and Prison Adjutant.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Paterson, Mo., December 9, 1862.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, Holcomb's Island.

GENERAL: Your communication of November 29 was received at my camp during my absence. I take the earliest opportunity on my return to reply.

