
be carefully removed by the quartermaster and used for the enlarging of Prisons Nos. 1 and 2, repairs thereon, &amp;c. The subject of drainage for the camp is one that has occupied not a little of my consideration and is a problem of no little difficulty of solution. The only leasable mode in view of the momentous flatness of the camp that presents itself is by a system of cesspools that may be kept deodorized by the use of lime or its chlorides. I have already in progress the taking up of the unsightly and almost useless plank footway and am constructing neat and commodious graveled ones. Those completed have proven in the miserably wet weather that we have had a complete success.

I have the honor at the same time to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 22nd instant. The entire control of the prisons was two days since in accordance with your directions placed in the hands of Captain Webber. I should have mentioned in my former letter that at the time I deemed it necessary to assume control of the prisons Captain Webber was absent commanding the escort of the prisoners sent to Fort Delaware and the day before his return here I received an order from General Burnside to send him to Cincinnati, Ohio, on court - martial business, from whence he has recently returned. The evils to which I called your attention will not I hope occur again, or at least shall not I assume you so far as any co - operation of mine to aid Captain Webber in the prosecution of his duties can prevent. During the time that I had charge I divided the prisoners into three companies, officered by their own officers, placing the whole under charge of one of their field officers whom I required to furnish daily the provost - marshal off prisons with a strong detail for police purposes. By this system I had the prisons thoroughly whitewashed inside and out and properly policed. And at this time they are in better condition than I have before known them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. E. DRAKE,

Captain, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, April 25, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Third U. S. Infantry.

SIR: I find no order recorded for an examination of the Confederate prisoners previous to their departure for City Point. George H. Park, surgeon of the Sixty - fifth Illinois Volunteers, was acting as post surgeon at that time and is now in Lexington, Ky., with his regiment. I cannot learn from the surgeon now left in charge any information that would facilitate your inquiry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN C. PHILLIPS,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,

Louisa, Ky., April 26, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that before the promulgation of General Orders, Numbers 49, War Department, two separate squads of the Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteers Infantry were taken by the enemy. The first party was returned into our lines without any agreement as

