
provided for by the cartel of exchange, each man having a scrip of paper stating in effect " Paroled; " signed " Wm. Smith. " No duplicates were taken nor was there any commissioned officer with the party.

The second party was paroled by General Hymphrey Marshall, C. S. Army, exchanging duplicates with each individual, there being no officer of the U. S. Army in the party, and they were likewise returned to our lines without any agreement. This on 25th ultimo. The first party was taken some time before.

The question arises whether under the circumstances they should be returned to duty or be disposed of as awaiting exchange.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, April 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There are about 1,100 paroled prisoners at Indianapolis that have not been paid since last October. Major McClure reports that he has sufficient funds to pay them to 28th of February if muster for pay - rolls can be furnished to that date. Can I have authority to have them mustered for pay on the 30th?

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major - General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Columbus, Ohio, April 27, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I respectfully request to be informed whether paroled officers and soldiers who were captured subsequent to December 10, 1862, and were not delivered to the U. S. authorities either at Aiken's Landing or Vicksburg, Miss., or at a place designated by the commanding generals of the opposing armies for the exchange of prisoners, are to be ordered to rejoin their respective regiments without further orders from your office?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier - General of Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 27, 1863.

Colonel J. HOLT, Judge - Advocate - General, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to refer to you for your consideration the petition of Captain Robert W. Baylor, an officer of the rebel army now a prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, for an investigation of the charges against him or for his exchange. The accompanying papers* are all that I have been able to obtain to support the charge against him. Previous to my indorsement of the 18th instant I addressed a letter to the military provost - marshal at Baltimore requesting him to furnish me any charges or evidence against Captain Baylor which might be in his office but to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

