
this letter I received no reply. On the 18th instant I addressed a letter to Major - General Schenck, commanding Eighth Army Corps, requesting that he would direct that any testimony in the possession of the provost - marshal at Baltimore or any other office bearing upon the case of Captain Baylor should be forwarded to this office; but to this letter also I have received no reply and I am therefore compelled to submit the case in this imperfect condition.

I submit also for your action papers* referred to me by Major Darrat Wheeling, in the case of David Lynn, a prisoners at Fort Delaware, and charges* against Maria Murphy, of Braxton County, W. Va. ; also a letter* from General Patrick, provost - marshal - general, Army of the Potomac, reporting the case of Private Frank St. Clair Smith, of General R. E. Lee's body guard, a prisoner of war at the Old Capitol Prison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third 	Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 27, [1863.]

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.

COLONEL: I send you today's mail a number of applications for special exchange.

Very imperfect rolls are sent to me of small parties who never reach the camps of paroled prisoners and who consequently are not found on any full rolls, and the only way in which I can secure their exchange is to send these lists and applications to you.

I have not kept duplicates of any of the rolls of our paroled troops forwarded to you because I have expected that after an exchange was arranged you would return them to me, and I presume you will be able to do this.

General Hitchcock this morning presented to me your letter of the 23rd instant in relation to the three rebel officers delivered at Vicksburg and receipted for by Major Watts. My telegram of the 22nd instant you probably received after writing your letter in which I informed you that the officers had been released on parole and that no equivalents had been received for them [illegible] doubtless gives you all the information you require.

The package forwarded by you without postage stamps have never reached the post - office in this city so I learn by inquiring there and I must request of you the favor to ask your postmaster to make some effort to trace them up. He could I presume give such information as to the time of their being forwarded as will lead to their recovery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

LOUISVILLE, KY., April 28, 1863.

President LINCOLN,

DEAR SIR: It is long since I wrote to you. In some things I have differed with you. I think you know I have differed with you with

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

