
however, was not the case of Clarence J. Prentice. He left his home in a State then and still loyal and voluntarily and wantonly banded with traitors for the overthrow of the Government of his country. It is for the Secretary to determine whether the established policy which has prevailed in the treatment of prisoners of war shall be modified in his favor.

J. HOLT,

Judge - Advocate - General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I submitted this paper to the Secretary of the War yesterday and he said that he was under the impression that the President had given an order permitting Prentice to go abroad. Has it been done?

Very respectfully,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier - General.

[Third indorsement.]

GENERAL: There is no record in this office of any special orders in the case of Major Prentice. On the 13th instant he was sent from Camp Chase to City Point for exchange.

Very respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.

NEW YORK, April 28, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Seventeen men and three women, Union prisoners, paroled and sent to New Orleans, thence to New York by General Sherman, Shall I give them transportation to their homes?

S. DRAPER.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., April 28, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT - GENERAL,Hdqrs. Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore.

SIR: I again return to your office Captain Lazelle's report on matters connected with Camp Parole and Colonel Hoffman's letter which accompanied it. I also return my letter of the 8th instant.

To comply as far as possible with the indorsement on the last - mentioned communication I inclose a copy of my report* of the 18th March last, which I then deemed to be, as far as it was in my power to make it, a full compliance with the remarks of the commanding general on Colonel Hoffman's letter, and to which I have nothing of importance now to add.

Camp Parole is an independent command under Lieutenant - Colonel Sangster, who is not subject to my orders in anything connected with its police, discipline or interior management. I have never inspected it or in any interfered with Colonel Sangster's duties. As I am not authorized to exercise control over that camp I have never

---------------

* See p. 360.

---------------

34 R R - SERIES II, VOL V

