
visited it, and the report I made is based entirely on such statements as I have received and not on a personal knowledge of the condition of things there.

From a brief conversation I had with the commanding general in Baltimore when on my way to this place I received the impression that he considered Camp Parole a separate command and not subject to my orders.

I will here repeat that the suggestions of Captain Lazelle if carried out will in my opinion produce beneficial results.

It is not in my power to carry into effect any of his recommendations without in effect assuming command of the camp.

By direction of the commanding general indorsed on Colonel Hoffman's letter of the 7th March last five companies of the Third Regiment Potomac Home Brigade under Colonel Gilpin, consisting of 313 enlisted men, have been sent to Camp Parole for a guard. The three remaining companies of that regiment are detached, one guarding the general hospital and public property at this post, one guarding the railroad between this city and Annapolis Junction and one guarding the hospital at the Junction.

A large force is wanted at each of these places.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, Md., May 1, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant - Colonel Sangster for his information and with reference to the instructions to Colonel Waite heretofore indorsed.

The papers were referred to Colonel Waite because of the explanation of his command as embracing Camp Parole contained in the letter of the Adjutant - General, a copy of which is herein now inclosed. It was not the intention of the general commanding in his interview and conversation with Colonel Waite to presume to relieve him of any part of the duty assigned to him by higher authority, but as Colonel Waite appears to have yielded the entire command and management of Camp Parole to Lieutenant - Colonel, Sangster, correspondence so far as that camp and parole prisoners are concerned will be held hereafter directly with Lieutenant - Colonel Sangster. *

By order of Major - General Schenck:

W. H. CHESEBROUGH,Assistant Adjutant - General.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Gibson, April 28, 1863.

Brigadier - General COOPER, C. S. Army,

GENERAL: I received your note+ by the bearers of the flag of truce. I appoint my judge - advocate, Lieutenant Moody, and Major Maynard, my medical director, to visit you [to] determine places of exchange and to make any other necessary arrangements in conformity to the cartel. I merely ask that those with whom they co - operate shall be officers of similar rank

I have been in the habit in the absence of other known points of sending prisoners to Saint Louis to be exchanged as per general orders,

---------------

* For Sangster's reply, see p. 605.

---------------

