
straggled behind the command. Major, I respectfully inquire of the colonel commanding district whether any rebel wearing the Federal uniform should be treated as a prisoner of war? If I capture any rebel thus attired I will have him shot unless otherwise ordered. I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

WASHINGTON, April 28, 1863.

General S. R. CURTIS:

It is impossible to deliver prisoners of war at Vicksburg.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, April 28, [1863.]

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Military District of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War I have the honor to request that you will send A. Carroll Hicks, a prisoner in the Old Capitol Prison, to Lieutenant - Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners at Fort Monroe, to be forwarded for exchange on the first flag - of - truce boat.

The honorable Secretary of the Navy desires that upon the summons of the district commanding at Philadelphia John Little and J. M. Wilson, prisoners at the Old Capitol Prison, charged with violating the blockade, may be delivered to such person as may present the same, and I have the honor to request you will deliver said persons as desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 28, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON, Commanding, Columbus, Ohio.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant, and in reply have to say that by General Orders, Numbers 67, of 1862, a copy which is inclosed, paroles may be granted to prisoners of war by the commissary - general of prisoners on the recommendation of the medical officer attending the prison, but only in cases of extreme illness. I require the recommendations to be forwarded through the commanding officer and to be approved by him. This is the only authority given by the Secretary of War for granting paroles. Complaints have been made by people of Columbus of the presence of paroled prisoners in their city and I do not feel at liberty to ask that the authority be extended. In case of a contagious disease of course the person should be removed without delay to a suitable place, but in ordinary cases the delay of referring the applications to this office could not be attended with any inconvenience.

---------------

* See Vol. IV, this Series, p. 30.

---------------

