
I have to request you will order Captain Webber to send to this city to be delivered to the provost - marshal Mrs. Mary Samuels and her two daughters Anna and Robert and her son John Samuels. If the two females referred to in your letter are committed for acts of disloyalty please have them forwarded at the same time, sending with them the charges upon which they were arrested. A roll giving time and place of arrest, &amp;c., should be sent to the provost - marshal and a copy to this office. Heretofore I have generally sent orders for the transfer of prisoners direct to Captain Webber, but under existing circumstances it will probably be most to the interest of the service for them to pass through your hands.

I inclose for your information regulations* issued by authority of the War Department for the management of the affairs of military prisons. My impression is that Captain Webber has been very attentive to his duties and has conducted the affairs of the prison in a satisfactory manner.

The Secretary of War has in some few cases ordered the discharge of rebel officers on their taking the oath of allegiance but only when it has been shown that there were circumstances which gave them a claim to this indulgence. There is no general authority for such discharges. I have given particular instructions to Captain Webber in relation to the discharge of deserters from the rebel army. The proof must be quite clear that they are really deserters and then the case must be referred to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, April 28, 1863.

Lieutenant - Colonel LUDLOW:

Do you wish more prisoners of war forwarded? Some have been captured in the West recently.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, April 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners:

Paroled prisoners of war received at Annapolis since January 1 belonging to regiments serving in the West have been sent to Camp Chase and Benton Barracks. All others remain at Camp Parole.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: Forward without delay to Camp Chase, Ohio, and Benton Barracks, Mo., all exchanged or paroled troops belonging to regiments

---------------

* See Vol. IV, this Series, p. 152.

---------------

