
This man is evidently a traitor of the deepest dye. He resided in California but left his home in that loyal State and went into the South for the express purpose of aiding the rebels by furnishing them the machines referred to. According to his own confession he is guilty under the second section of act of 17th of July, 1862, having given efficient " aid and comfort" to the rebellion and should at once be tried for this crime by a military commission, the ordinary criminal courts not being open in the State where the crime was committed. The papers taken from him should be carefully preserved as they probably furnish full evidence of his guilt.

J. HOLT,

Judge - Advocate - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 29, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

GENERAL: It is desirable that all the prisoners of war in our hands should be forwarded for delivery and exchange with as little delay as practicable, and I have therefore by authority of the General - in - Chief the honor to request that you will order all in the Department of the Ohio who can moved without danger of spreading the contagion of smallpox to be immediately forwarded to City Point. Those now at Camp Douglas are perhaps too much infected with the disease to be sent through the country, but a careful examination by the surgeon in charge will determine how far this is the case. Please direct that the quartermaster at Baltimore be advised of the number and the time when they will reach that city so that he may have the transportation prepared to carry them to City Point, and please have me informed by telegraph of the time of their leaving and the number. Duplicate rolls should accompany them and a copy be sent to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 29, 1863.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter* addressed to me by Lieutenant - Colonel Dick, provost - marshal general at Saint Louis, dated March 5, 1863, suggesting a certain policy to be pursued toward disloyal persons in Missouri, and I am instructed by the Secretary of War to say that the views expressed by Colonel Dick as to the proper disposition to be made both of the men and women who are in rebellion against the Government in Missouri or who are actively though secretly giving aid and comfort to those who are so must be promptly and inflexibly carried into execution.

Under instructions heretofore given all guerrillas and irregular military organizations are held as prisoners of war, and those now in our possession will be ordered through this office forward for exchange at the earliest opportunity. They can be released on taking the oath of

---------------

* Omitted here; see p. 319.

---------------

