
allegiance only by the authority of the Secretary of War on recommendations approved by the Governor of the State.

Citizen prisoners can only be exchanged with the consent of the rebel authorities, and at present I am not advised that such an exchange can be effected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 29 1863.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware.

GENERAL: When I was recently at Fort Delaware some suggestions were made by the then commanding officer relative to remodeling and repairing the old barracks occupied by our troops which I approved of, but the Quartermaster - General wishes before he gives orders for any change to have a detailed report of what is proposed to be done, and have therefore to request if you think the modification referred to necessary that you will have a ground plan prepared to show what changes are proposed and what the probable expense will be. The buildings require new roofing, new bunks, floors and windows before they will be fit for occupation. Instructions have already been given for arranging the floors in the barracks occupied by the prisoners of war, and I believe that by the contract under which they were constructed if the roofing required repairs before the expiration of a year the constructors are bound to make them.

I have the honor to inclose herewith certain orders* and regulations heretofore issued in relation to the control and management of prisoners of war and political prisoners. Until recently there have been but few prisoners held at Fort Delaware and no regular reports or returns have been sent to this office, and as it is hereafter to be a principal depot I have to request you will have the prescribed regulations put in force at once.

The prison fund accumulates very rapidly and is to be used for the purchase of such things as are necessary for the welfare of the prisoners and to meet expenses which would otherwise have to be paid by the Government. There are now some funds on hand which may be used in erecting a bakehouse or in making necessary repairs. a bakehouse is a source of large receipts to the fund and it may soon pay for itself. I inclose also a scale + of rations which is used at the prison camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OR PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 29, 1863.

Colonel CAMERON, Commanding Camp Douglas, Ill.

COLONEL: On the 23rd April, 1863, I addressed to you the following telegram:

Please inform me who was the principal surgeon who examined the prisoners sent to City Point.

---------------

* Omitted here; see Vol. IV, this Series, p. 152.

---------------

