
MURFREESBOROUGH, April 30, 1863,

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Have the prisoners taken at the battle of Stone's River been exchanged?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major - General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 30, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX., Commanding, &amp;c., Fortress Monroe.

GENERAL: I have the honor by direction of the Secretary of War to inclose you the within copy of letter just received from Honorable A. W. Clark, M. C. Watertown, N. Y., in relation to Mrs. Long, daughter of the late General Summer. And I am also directed by the Secretary to say that you will not permit Mrs. Long to pass through our lines South; that if she comes to Fortress Monroe or within your department to detain her till further orders and thoroughly examine her baggage and that she must not be allowed to pass without the express permit of the Secretary of War.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge - Advocate.

[Inclosure.]

WATERTOWN, JEFFERSON COUNTY, N. Y.

Ho. L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate.

DEAR SIR: A daughter of the late Major - General Summer, the wife of an officer in the rebel army, Mrs. Long, is now here a visit. She came through our lines on a Government pass as I am informed and is to return to Richmond soon. She is open - mouthed an shameless (even to the disgust of her own family) in proclaiming secession doctrines. But the matter of importance is this: She has, so she says, purchased over $ 2,000 worth of goods in New York to take back with her, and probably will bear dispatches to the South from Northern traitors.

Yours, truly,

A. W. CLARK, M. C
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, April 30, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Your telegram of yesterday is received. About 1,000 Confederate delivered at City Point previously to the 1st of March last have been declared exchanged and their equivalents given in deliveries of our men at Vicksburg up to January 9, 1863. The non -delivery at Vicksburg of prisoners captured in the West has caused a loss to the United States directly and indirectly of at least 2,000 men. I knew that such would be the effect, and you may recollect my so stating to you when I last saw you. I am now awaiting the arrival of the prisoners from Fort Delaware to proceed to City Point and meet Mr. Ould. In addition to the exchanges of officers I have to arrange those to the numerous deliveries of enlisted men. I have no doubt that in the coming settlement Mr. Ould will present heavy accounts of paroles

