
inaugurated? They were captured in fair fight. If such a rule is adopted what a new worlds of misery is opened. I hope you will look into this matter and see how it is.

4. A large number of the citizens of New Orleans, including Mayor Monroe, J. B. Leefe, Gerard Smith, Doctor Mackin, R. L. Bruce, Dr. William Booth, Mr. Laurason and about forty others are now confined at Fort Pickets. Is this to be continued? You know how long they have been in confinement. I beg that you will pay to this and other cases of confinement of citizens some attention. It is a grievous case. Can you except the release of your own citizens in view of such a state of facts? Let me know whether they will be released. There are many other Louisianians at Fort Jackson also who have been confined for many months. What is to be done with them?

5. A large number of citizens of Virginia (on its eastern

border) have recently been arrested. Most of them are confined in Washington. Are they to be held in confinement? Let me know the purpose of your Government in this respect. You know how earnestly I have protested against this arrest of non - combatants. You also know to what it must ultimately lead.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., April 30, 1863.

COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Can you inform me whether the men of the Second, Third, Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth and Eighteenth and Eighth Wisconsin Battery, Wisconsin Volunteers, paroled prisoners, have been exchanged? The men I particularly wish information of are the companies formed of above men now at Bayfield and Superior, Wis., who came up to Prairie du Chien, Wis., last autumn and were there organized for service at the above posts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant - General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN KENTUCKY,Louisville, April 30, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners:

By command of Brigadier - General Boyle Colonel Dent has been relieved of his connection with the military prison in this city and of the charge of prisoners in this military district and I have been directed to assume a general supervision of both subjects. Accordingly I have to request that all orders relating to prisoners in this military district and all correspondence in regard to them be addressed to me at General Boyle's headquarters. The only orders from department commissary - general of prisoners which have been turned over to me are contained in a circular from the office of the commissary - general of prisoners, Detroit, Mich., July 7, 1862. If other and more recent orders have been issued I request that they may be furnished me without delay that I may have them uniformly enforced throughout this military district. The provisions of the first section of the circular referred to

