
above, providing for the organization of the prisoners into companies, &amp;c., can scarcely be carried out in the military prison in this city from that fact that the prisoners are usually retained in it only long enough to have their rolls made out, when they are forwarded for exchange or to more permanent deposit for prisoners. I would therefore ask permission to modify that provision of section 1 to suit the exigencies of the case. I would also request that section 8 allowing contributions (other and money) to be distributed as the donors request may be so changed as only to allow contributions to be made to a common fund to be drawn on by the commandant of the prison at his discretion to supply the necessities. It has been found by experience here that to allow secessionists (of whom there are many) to select particular subject for their contributions tends to stimulate and keep alive party zeal. I would request to know if the provisions of section 9 apply equally to political prisoners and prisoners of war. I would also request to know if the provisions of section 11 apply to prisoners claiming to be deserters or discharged soldiers from the rebel army and desirous of taking the oath of allegiance. If so shall they be sent to Camp Chase with a statement of all the facts known in their cases, to make from there their application to the War Department or commissary - general of prisoners? Are prisoners sent into the enemy's lines permitted to take letters under any circumstances? The monthly report of prisoners for April will be promptly forwarded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Aide - de - Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 1, 1863.

SIMEON DRAPER, Provost - Marshal, New York:

You will consult Mr. Pierrepont and follow his advice. Turn over any other prisoners you may have to General Wool, to be disposed of as he may deem proper, and make no arrest without authority of this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 1, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: Permit me again to ask your attention to the case of Captain Baylor, a prisoners of war at Fort delaware. He is charged with the commission of a very obnoxious crime and it is very desirable if possible to obtain evidence that will convict him. In the letter* of Major A. G. A. Constable, provost - marshal at Baltimore, of December 22, 1862, addressed to General Morris when Captain Baylor was sent to Fort McHenry, changes have bene made, he having killed one of our men while bearing a flag of truce, and it is supposed that the major may be able to point to some source where the necessary evidence may be procured. The Judge - Advocate - General cannot as to what disposition shall be made of him until it is ascertained whether the charges against

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

