
I do not except any others unless it should be that there may be some high military or civil officer of the United States. I shall have to pickets the whole island. I see by the Cincinnati papers that two others will be sent here for execution - to be shot.

I hope the above will please your views and not be inconsistent with your dispatch, as I had arranged thus far before receiving it and I think proper that reporters be present. these executions make very great excitement in the northern part of Ohio and I hope unless Captain Scovill and Captain Linnell are very useful at wheeling they will be back.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding.

WHEELING, VA., May 1, 1863.

Major L. C. TURNER, Judge - Advocate:

George W. Thompson is held prisoners on account of suspicious movement of his for the past few days. He is also held as a hostage. His son is among the rebels now committing raids in West Virginia. I hold him by order of Governor Peirpoint and as an enemy of the Government whose surveillance for some days is requisite and demanded by the present state of affairs. I trust no influence can be brought to bear upon the Government to release him from custody until the rebels are driven out of this part of the State.

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost - Marshal - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, May 1, 1863.

Major JOSEPH DARR, Jr.,

Provost - Marshal - General, Wheeling, Va.

MAJOR: By direction of the commissary - general of prisoners I have the honor to inform you that no order has been published since General Orders, Numbers 10, announcing exchanges, but it is expected one will be issued in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant - General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 1, 1863.

Captain H. B. TODD, Provost - Marshal, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN: By direction of the commissary - general of prisoners I have the honor to inquire how many prisoners of or are in the Old Capitol Prison who are subject to exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant - General.

35 R R - SERIES II, VOL V

