
female prisoners now in your custody charged with disloyal offenses. If there are any charges of disloyalty against Marian McKenzie or Mary Jane Prater you will send them also. Wearing soldier's clothes in camp is not an offense for which they can be sent South and if that is all that is against them they must be disposed of in some other way. Elizabeth Hays and Mary Summers are very hard cases and will have to remain on your hands until you see a good opening to dispose of them which I hope will soon present itself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

WHEELING, VA., May 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There are no charges against G. W. Thompson. He is held as hostage. He has been exchanged and has not violated his implied parole to Judge Turner.

J. THOMPSON.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, May 2, 1863.

Brigadier - General LOCKWOOD,

Commanding First Separate Brigade, Point Lookout, Md.

GENERAL: You will direct with as little delay as possible the arrest of Thomas K. Robson, the editor and proprietor of a disloyal newspaper published at Easton, Talbot County, Md., copies of which are herewith inclosed, * and send him under guard to the provost - marshal of the Eighth Army Corps to be passed through the lines to remain during the war among rebels in arms whose cause and course he so manifestly prefers and encourages. You will also prohibit and prevent the further publication of this disloyal and mischievous newspapers. Return this and the inclosures with report of your action in the case.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,]

Assistant Adjutant - General.

HEADQUARTER, Camp Douglas, May 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary - General of Prisoners.

SIR: Yours of April 29 is duly acknowledged. In relation to the telegram of the 24th of April to Colonel Cameron, " Please inform me who was the principal surgeon who examine the prisoners sent to City Point," I can but comply with your instructions by forwarding the only information at my command. Doctor Park, of the Sixty - fifth Illinois Infantry, was post surgeon. I cannot learn that the prisoners were examined. Doctor Brown, an assistant surgeon connect with the medical staff and still at this post, thinks they were not. I find no record

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

