
[Indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, May 19, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Loan, who will look out for this champion of Southern rights and give him such justice as he merits. I have been sending around to find him for a month past but his forces are so small or quick of flight no one can find them.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, May 3, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

I will send a steamer to Washington for the rebel prisoners the latter part of this week. I will give [you] the lists of exchanged rebel prisoners on my return from City Point where I go to-morrow morning.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

SAINT LOUIS, May 4, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The friends of that noble and unfortunate officer, Colonel Thomas C. Fletcher, are greatly troubled at his long-continued confinement in Jackson, Miss. You are aware that he was taken prisoner while gallantly and in the face of almost certain death leading his regiment against the batteries at Vicksburg. His daring bravery failed of its reward and he fell into the hands of the enemy. With many others I have a warm attachment for Colonel Fletcher. He has been a true, outspoken and enthusiastic friend of the Government from the commencement of this civil war and if it is possible to procure his exchange at once his family and friends, the Union men of this city, and in fact all who know him and his worth as a Union man and a soldier, would be full of thanks and rejoicing. I write this communication hurriedly and may take another occasion to invite your attention more particularly to his case.

I am, sir, with the highest respect, your very obedient servant,

HENRY T. BLOW.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 9, 1863.

Referred to the commissary-general of prisoners for report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Opelousas, La., May 4, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the United States.

GENERAL: * * * *

On the march to this point I ordered the arrest of ex-Governor Mouton who occupied the gubernatorial chair in 1845 and subsequently. He is a man of large influence and intelligence and has wielded with an iron hand his power over the masses of the people and this part of

