
the country. He was president of the convention that declared Louisiana to have separated from the Union. His influence is still important and at a time when the sentiment of the people was in transition from acquiescence in the Confederate Government to a recognition and renewal of their obligations to the Union it seemed important that such a man should at least be quiet. I have therefore ordered him to New Orleans in the custody of the provost-marshal-general with instructions to that officer to provide him comfortable quarters but not allow general intercourse with the people of the city, where he will remain until further orders from the Government of the United States. This is the only arrest made except for crime. The inclosed dispatch to the Secretary of State I beg may be transmitted to his Department. *

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 4, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Department of Washington.

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that sufficient measures be taken by you for guarding and taking care of the prisoners of war now being sent up from the Army of the Potomac and that you furnish the commissary-general of prisoners any assistance that he may require in the execution of his duties.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 4, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding District of Eastern Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you in reply to your letter of the 26th that paroles given by officers or men previous to the publication of General Orders, Numbers 49, are to be recognized, though not in conformity with the cartel, and the prisoners so paroled are not liable for duty until exchanged. Paroles given after the publication of the above order are not valid except when in accordance with its provisions, and any person giving a parole in violation of said order is liable to punishment as therein provided for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 4, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON, Commanding, Columbus, Ohio.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 27th ultimo is received and in reply I have the honor to inform you that all paroles given previous to the

---------------

*For portion of letter omitted, and for Chase to Stanton, May 28, 1863, see Series III.

---------------

