
publishing of General Orders, Numbers 49, of the 28th February, from the War Department, will be recognized as binding until the officer or soldier giving it is regularly exchanged. Paroles given after the publication of the order referred to will only be recognized when given in accordance with its provisions, and any officer or soldier giving a parole in violation of said order should be punished as therein provided for. In order that prisoners who have been properly paroled may be exchanged at the earliest opportunity it is necessary that rolls of all such should be promptly forwarded to this office, and I have to request you will send me full rolls, giving rank, regiment and company and time and place of capture of all paroled prisoners who may be ordered to Camp Chase.

A very large fund may be raised from the surplus rations for the benefit of paroled prisoners, and I am authorized to create such a fund by turning the surplus rations over to the commissary, who pays for them just as for the savings of a company except that he acts as treasurer for the fund which he turns over to the commanding officer of the camp on my order, who disburses it for such articles as the prisoners require. As there are scarcely any full companies among the prisoners of war this arrangement puts into useful shape a large amount of rations which otherwise must be thrown away and contributes much to the welfare of the troops, while it saves expense in many ways to the Government, and I will be much obliged to you if you will have the system put in force at Camp Chase for all men who are not in organized companies. The savings at Camp Parole, accompanying scale of rations is about what is issued, with perhaps a slight increase in the sugar and coffee. It is left for you to decide and it is necessary to have it carefully accounted for to prevent misapplication of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 4, 1863.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Aide-de-Camp, Commanding Military Prison, Louisville, Ky.

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 30th reporting that you have been placed in charge of the military prison at Louisville is received, and hereafter all instructions for the command of the prison will be addressed to you.

The regulations for the management of military prison are mainly contained in the circular of January 7, but there are some few points which this does not cover. You are authorized to modify the first paragraph so as to make it applicable to the condition of your prison, the object being to keep a daily record of all present, but the monthly return showing the number present on the last day with all the changes during the month must be furnished. Paragraph 8 may be modified as you suggest. Paragraph 9 is intended to apply equally to the prisoners. It has been found to be necessary to prohibit visitors to the prisons in States north of the Ohio, and my impression is that it must be more necessary in the border States where there are so many who sympathize with and encourage the rebels.

