
My letter of the 3rd of December, 1862, addressed to you directed what should be done with deserters from the rebel army. When it is clearly established that they are deserters they may be released on taking the oath of allegiance with the understanding that death is the penalty for its violation. No prisoner of war can be recognized as a discharged soldier unless the circumstances of his capture clearly establish that he is so. If he is on the rolls as a soldier or if he was captured South he must be held as a soldier. In all cases of doubt send them to Camp Chase where their cases can be investigated. Prisoners sent into the enemy's lines should in no case be permitted to carry letters.

I inclose a scale* of rations according to which issues to prisoners should be made. The surplus rapidly creates a fund with which may be purchased many essential articles for the comfort of the prisoners and there pense to the Government. I hope you will give your particular attention to this matter and see that whatever is proper (and only such things) be provided. Heretofore no attention has been paid to this fund at Louisville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 4, 1863.

Captain JOHN C. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.

CAPTAIN: Your letters of the 24th and 25th ultimo have been received. You will receive orders from the headquarters Department of the Ohio to forward to City Point, Va., all the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas whose condition in health will permit them to be moved, and this will so reduce the number that your guard will be sufficient to take charge of those who remain.

Please report if Colonel Cameron turned over to you any Confederate money belonging to prisoners, how much and what disposition has been made of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., May 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a return+ of prisoners in this prison for the month of April, 1863, together with rolls+ in explanation of alterations during the month. You will perceive that this return differs from the one for the previous month in that soldiers and citizens are reported separately upon this return. Of the 123 aggregate last month 58 were citizens and are so reported in the return for April now transmitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding Prison.

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted.

---------------

