
SANDUSKY, May 4, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Shall I allow any interviews with prisoners sentenced to death? If so with whom? On whose orders besides yours shall I grant interviews with prisoners?

WM. S. PIERSON.

SANDUSKY, May 4, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

General Burnside orders me to hang Thomas M. Campbell, convicted as a spy. Do I require the order of the President under General Orders, Numbers 71, 1862?

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 4, 1863.

CHARLES G. HUTTON, Aide-de-camp, &amp;c.

CAPTAIN: You will proceed at once to Dayton, Ohio, by special train and cause the arrest of the Honorable Clement L. Vallandigham, after which you will return at once to these headquarters. You will confer with the provost-marshal, who will await your arrival at Dayton, and see that the arrest is made as quietly as possible. Captain Murry will accompany you and will render you any assistance you may request of him. The superintendent of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railroad will make all the necessary arrangements for trains upon showing him this order.

You should endeavor to arrive here before daylight to-morrow morning. Much discretion is allowed to your good judgment in this matter.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

D. R. LARNED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, May 4, 1863.

Captain E. L. WEBBER,

Commanding Military Prison, Camp Chase, Ohio.

CAPTAIN: Your communication* of April 28, 1863, has been received. I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to say that J. T. Rowdin will be held until further orders. In reply to your question as to how prisoners reported as discharged from the Confederate Army shall be considered it will depend entirely on what circumstances they have been captured or the charges upon which they were committed. If captured in the company of military men or if they were committed on military rolls they will be considered as belonging to the rebel service. If captured at home and their names do not appear on any military rolls they will be considered as citizens. You are authorized to pay a portion of the expense for carrying the mail from the prison fund.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

