
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 114. Washington, May 4, 1863.

I. Before a military commission which convened in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, April 22, 1863, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 135, dated Headquarters Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio, April 21, 1863, and of which Brigadier General R. B. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, is president, were arraigned and tried-

1. William F. Corbin, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army.

CHARGE I: Recruiting men within the lines of the U. S. forces for the so-called Confederate Army.

Specification. - In this that the said William F. Corbin on or about April 9, 1863, was arrested within our lines near Rouse's Mills, Pendleton County, Ky., acting under a recruiting commission from one H. Marshall, a brigadier-general in the so-called C. S. Army, empowering him to raise recruits for the said army, the said Corbin being at the time in charge of a number of recruits whom he was seeking to conduct to the said army.

CHARGE II: Being the carrier of mails, communications and information from within our lines to persons in arms against the Government.

Specification. - In this that on or about the 9th day of April, 1863, at or near Rouse's Mills, Pendleton County, Ky., the said William F. Corbin, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, was arrested engaged in carrying mails and information from within the lines of the U. S. forces to persons in arms against the Government.

To which charges and specifications the accused, William F. Corbin, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, pleaded not guilty.

FINDING: The commission having maturely considered the evidence adduced finds the accused, William F. Corbin, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, as follows:

CHARGE I: Of the specification guilty.

Of the charge guilty.

CHARGE II: Of the specification guilty.

Of the charge guilty.

SENTENCE: And the commission does therefore sentence him, William F. Corbin, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, to be shot unto death at such time and place as the commanding general shall direct; two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring in the sentence.

2. T. G. McGraw, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army.

CHARGE: Recruiting men within the lines of the U. S. forces for the so-called Confederate Army.

Specification. - In this that the said T. G. McGraw, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army in some capacity unknown, was on or about the 9th day of April, 1863, arrested within our lines near Rouse's Mills, Pendleton County, Ky., engaged in recruiting men for the so-called Confederate Army, and was at the time when arrested engaged in conducting recruits to the said army.

To which charge and specification the accused, T. G. McGraw, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, pleaded not guilty.

FINDING: The commission having maturely considered the evidence adduced finds the accused, T. G. McGraw, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, as follows:

Of the specification guilty.

Of the charge guilty.

SENTENCE: And the commission does therefore sentence him, T. G. McGraw, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, to be shot unto death at such time and place as the commanding general shall direct; two-thirds of the members of the commission concurring in the sentence.

II. The proceedings, findings and sentences in the foregoing cases are approved and confirmed. The prisoners, William F. Corbin and T. G. McGraw, now or late of the so-called Confederate Army, will be sent in irons by the proper officer and delivered into the custody of the commanding officer on Johnson's Island, depot of prisoners of war, near Sandusky, Ohio.

The commanding officer of that post will see that the sentences are duly executed at that post between the hours of 12 o'clock noon and

