
Knowing that this is the primary object of the Government he serves, and determined to devote all of his energies to the defeat of the enemies of the Government, he still can as a soldier feel a respect for the manliness of those openly in arms against it, and they will be treated and respected as true soldiers.

But robbers who under the name of guerrillas have taken advantage of the unsettled state of the country to steal horses, burn dwellings and insult women are in no respect soldiers and will not be treated as such.

He requires of all citizens that they remain at their homes and peaceably pursue their usual avocations; that they aid and assist the officers of the United States Government by giving information of the movements of the bands of robbers now infesting the country, and that they stand firm in their allegiance to the United States Government.

Persons who have been conscripted as guerrillas and are acting as such who will return to their homes and remain there as peaceable citizens will be treated as such and will be protected in person and property. Guerrillas who are captured will be summarily dealt with.

These requirements are made for the welfare of the people and will be enforced. The loyal shall be protected and sympathizers with the rebellion though they may have taken the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States will be made to suffer unless they conform in word and act to the spirit of that oath.

By order of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball:

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., May 6, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: The number of prisoners is now swollen to more than 2,000 and I find it very difficult to dispose of them. When will you be able to relieve me of them?

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General and Military Governor.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Military Governor, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: In reply to your note of this morning I have the honor to inform you 4,000 prisoners may be sent to Fort Delaware, and I have to request you will so dispose of any that you cannot immediately provide for in this city. Please retain the officers in the Old Capitol Prison until a more appropriate place can be found for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

P. S. - Please notify General Schoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, of the number that will be sent there.

W. H.

