
war belonging to Wisconsin regiments were ordered to Benton Barracks, near Saint Louis, and that is where they should be to insure an exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 6, 1863.

Captain W. CURTIS, Assistant Quartermaster, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN: You will please furnish transportation for 3,000 prisoners of war with a guard of 500 to 800 men to Philadelphia as early to-morrow morning as practicable. They are to embark at Philadelphia on a steamer for Fort Delaware, and it is thought absolutely necessary that they should be delivered by the cars at the depot where they can be taken immediately on board the steamer. For the same reason it is very desirable that the prisoners should reach Philadelphia before dark to facilitate the transfer to the steamer. If a sufficient train cannot be furnished for the whole number at one trip two trains may be used. It may be that only 1,500 will be prepared to leave in the morning, of which you will be notified.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., May 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Your letter referring to the men captured on the Queen of the West is received. They arrived here on the 20th of April last in a very destitute condition and deeming it necessary both for their appearance and comfort that they should be provided with clothing I ordered clothing issued to them and directed that vouchers be made, one copy* of which I herewith transmit that you may have the amount to place against their pay account. Please inform me if I did right in ordering the issue.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

New York, May 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Your communication of yesterday is received. My letter had more particular reference to Confederate prisoners who have taken the oath of allegiance and wish to return to their homes within the Union lines, and also to laborers who have been employed on the railroads now in use by our forces who have been taken prisoners, paroled,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

