
sent to New Orleans and from there sent to this city as the only way in which they can reach the West. I shall be pleased to receive your instructions how I am to be governed in such cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel 69th N. Y. Vols., Act. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, May 6, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have just returned from City Point and have concluded the exchanges as announced in the inclosed declaration. * I intend to leave for Washington to-day or to-morrow and will call upon you on Friday morning, taking with me all the rolls and papers connected with the exchanges. I can then go more carefully and minutely into any necessary explanations. I have directed Captain Mulford, Third Regiment New York Volunteers, in charge of the steamer State of Annapolis all the officers and men whom he received at City Point yesterday. He will probably be able to report to you on Friday morning and can taken on board 800 prisoners of war. All the officers held by the Confederates (with two or three exceptions) who have been released are declared exchanged and can be sent to their commands and regiments.

I am, very respectfully,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARTINDALE, Military Governor.

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief wishes you to notify General Schenck before sending Confederate prisoners of war into or through his department of the number you propose to send, their destination and time of their departure from Washington in order that he may make suitable arrangements to receive and forward them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. V. COLBURN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: In obedience to instructions received from department headquarters I visited General Street Prison and have the honor to report as follows:

There are at this time 353 prisoners in confinement. The whole establishment is under the supervision of citizens. The principal, a Mr. Masterson, is designated captain and is paid $100 per month. He has as assistants a chief clerk who receives $70 per month, a commissary-sergeant, a pass clerk and two turnkeys at a salary each of $40 per month. The captain has no control over the guard about the prison.

---------------

*See Ludlow to Stanton, p. 559.

---------------

