
I found the police arrangements well conducted as well as the whole internal management. The culinary department is complete and cleanly. The hospital department could not be better arranged and conducted, the sick receiving every attention our own soldiers receive. The surgeons employed are one principal surgeon and two assistants, the latter two being contract physicians. I would respectfully suggest for the more complete comfort and convenience of the prisoners that a small outlay be made in setting wash kettles (the kettles being on hand) for a general was-room.

I found the sentinels about the prison posted as follows: Two sentinels in the west flank of building in court-yard, one sentinel on west side of building, one at the strong room upstairs and one on the ambulatory upstairs, one at the south flank, three at the east flank and two at the north flank. I would suggest for the more perfect security of the prisoners that the sentinels be increased at least one at the north and one at the east, also that at least two sentinels be placed in the interior of the building who shall have no regular beat but whose duty shall be to constantly patrol the different parts of the building. I would further suggest that iron bars be placed over two windows of the west flank where Gilmer made his escape; also that the limb of a tree on the east side which comes near an upstairs window be sawed off as it affords an easy way of escape to any one desirous of making the attempt. My opinion is that with the outlay of $100 and due diligence of the sentinels the escape of prisoners may be effectually prevented. The escape of prisoners heretofore in part is owing to the insecurity of the building, but principally to the want of vigilance of the guard and officers commanding the same.

I would further recommend that the express of the prison be curtailed by detailing good, intelligent enlisted men to fill the places of all except the principal and that his place be filled by a competent commissioned officer who shall be permanently in command and to whom the officer of the guard shall report. This arrangement will save to the Government $370 per month.

Respectfully submitted.

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ADVANCE Brigadier, U. S. FORCES, Bayou Boeuf, Four and a half miles beyond Numbers 41. Cheneyville, La., May 6, 1863.

R. H. Glaze, formerly a sergeant of the Eighth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, serving in Virginia and lately a private in Captain Murdock's independent company serving on the Bayou Boeuf, and now by his own admission being entirely disconnected with any regular military organization in the service of the so-called Confederate States of America, having been captured by our guard, he being mounted with his overcoat strapped upon his saddle, arms in his possession, to wit, a Kentucky rifle, evidently for the purpose of shooting down our soldiers, it is ordered by the brigadier-general commanding the advance that the said R. H. Glaze be shot to death at sunrise to-morrow morning, May 7, 1863, as a warning to all men not soldiers to remain peaceably at their homes if they desire the protection of the Government of the United States, and the fate of this man shall be the fate of the every man found with arms in his hands not belonging to the so-called Army of the Confederate States of America.

