
Colonel Van Zandt, commanding the Ninety-first Regiment New York Volunteers, will detail one commissioned officer, one sergeant and five privates to carry this order into effect. *

By command of-

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Advance Brigade U. S. Forces.

DAYTON, OHIO, May 6, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

GENERAL: Your order concerning the Daily [Dayton] Empire has been quietly enforced. I have arrested the editor, Logan, and confined him in the prison here with several other noted men. Shall I forward Logan in 4 o'clock train to Cincinnati?

CHAS. G. HUTTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

DAYTON, OHIO, May 6, 1863.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Town quiet. I have closed all drinking shops and suggest that martial law be proclaimed. The mayor of Dayton and some dozen friends are absent in Cincinnati. The mayor and police of Dayton are all butternuts and are in favor of the riot; also the city marshal. Logan, of the Dayton Empire, is a very dangerous character; has taken a prominent part in the disturbances here. His office is supposed to be aden for butternuts and I am having it searched. I have affidavits for proving him a prominent man in taking part in the riot of yesterday.

I find only 150 men here, troops fit for duty. I have seized and put in safety 200 muskets and a small swivel found in the Empire office.

There are several men in the town against whom I have written proof and who ought to be arrested.

I have forbidden all congregating in streets. Most of the rioters appear to come from the country. With decided measures I think order can be restored.

CHAS. G. HUTTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, FINANCE OFFICE,

Washington, May 7, 1863.

P. H. WATSON, Esq., Assistant Secretary of War.

SIR: By letter from Major-General Dix of date 2nd April last this Department was informed that no letters would be sent by flag of truce from Fort Monroe unless accompanied by a permit from the War Department. I now notice in the National Intelligence what purports to be regulations in regard to letters to be sent beyond the Federal lines in which the "permission" above noted is not made a requisite. I have the honor to request that this Department may be advised of the rules established by the War Department relative to this class of letters.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. N. ZEVELY,

Third Assistant Postmaster-General.

---------------

*Order executed May 7, 1863.

---------------

