
CINCINNATI, May 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

On Tuesday morning last I caused the arrest of the Honorable C. L. Vallandigham. He is now in this city undergoing trial before a military commission for uttering sedition. Some trouble was caused in Dayton on account of his arrest but all is now quiet. I hope to maintain perfect order in other portions of this department. There is necessarily much excitement among his friends. We are all hoping to hear of the glorious and final success of General Hooker.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Military District of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: By direction of the General-in-Chief I have to request that the prisoners of war paroled to go North, prisoners who have taken the oath of allegiance and deserters from the rebel army recently received at the Old Capitol Prison from the Army of the Potomac, whose names are mentioned in the accompanying rolls,* may be sent to Philadelphia to report to the commanding officer and there to be released. Those who have not already done so to take the oath of allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ANNAPOLIS, May 7, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

There are 200 army officers and Generals Willich and [E. H.] Stoughton arrived here this morning. All exchanged. Also thirty-two naval officers exchanged. Naval officers I will send to navy-yard at Washington this p. m. Shall I order army officers away, as I have no quarters for them here? The men who arrived are all cared for. Particulars will send by mail. Answer.

GEO. SANGSTER,

Commanding Paroled Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Wheeling, May 7, 1863.

Honorable F. H. PEIRPOINT, Governor of Virginia.

SIR: The females enumerated below, now residents of this city and acknowledging themselves secessionists, were indicted in September, 1861, for treason and perjury: Dora Dunbar, Julia Dunbar, Elizabeth Phillips, Eliza C. Hughes, Amanda Goshorn, Belle Goshorn, Hannah Smith, Joanna Smith. For some unexplained reason these females have never been tried, but their cases have been postponed at every session of the U. S. district court since their indictment although I have been informed that the charge could be easily substantiated. I consider them fit subjects to be sent beyond our lines and so recommend, as the court will take no action.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

