
I will forward with your indorsements to the major-general commanding this department a copy of the indictment in one [case] which is similar to the rest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 8, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Please inform me if all the prisoners captured at Stone's River have been exchanged. It is reported that about 200 of the Thirty-ninth Indiana are at Indianapolis. Is it to? We want them here.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HDQRS. SECOND ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 8, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON;

General Hays is a prisoner.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, May 8, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I beg leave through you to call the attention of the commanding general to the state prisoners now in my custody on board the prison ship. There are about sixty now there, not more than five or six having any charges made against them and probably not more than one or two against whom any charge can be substantiated. It is now time for making the crop, which alone will secure them from starvation. I have presented the cases of some of these men more than once and they have been examined several times by Captain Chester, judge-advocate, and by my own officers with reference to trial, but a case cannot be made out against more than two or three of them.

I respectfully request that authority may be given meto dispose of these cases according to my own judgment, believing that great injury is done to our cause as well as to the parties themselves by holding them longer in confinement. A list* is herewith inclosed of April 30, 1863.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 8, 1863.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: The following is a copy of a declaration of exchanges made by Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners:

FORT MONROE, May 6, 1863.

The following officers and men have been declared duly exchanged as prisoners of war since the announcement in General Orders, Numbers 10, of January 10, 1863:

1. All officers and enlisted men and all persons whatever may have been their classification or character who have been delivered at City Point, Va., up to the 6th of May, 1863.

