
2. All officers who have been captured and released on parole up to April 1, 1863, wherever they may have been captured.

3. All enlisted men who have been captured in North Carolina and Virginia and released on parole up to the 1st of March, 1863.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

Yesterday I telegraphed to you the substance of the above with the request, by authority of the General-in-Chief, that all exchanged prisoners in your department might be ordered to join their respective commands. At the same time I directed all exchanged officers at Annapolis belonging to Western regiments serving west of the Mississippi to report to you to take charge of exchanged men now in your department and conduct them to their regiments, or to be ordered themselves to join directly as you might judge proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Major-General Burnside, Cincinnati, Ohio, and Major-General Rosecrans, Murfreesborough, Tenn.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Military District of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: The steamer State of Maine is expected here to-day to take on board prisoners of war for delivery at City Point and I have the honor to request that you will direct that 800 or 900 be prepared to embark on Sunday morning, the 10th instant. No officers will be forwarded at this time. I have also to request that all citizens confined at the Old Capitol for disloyal conduct who are proper subjects for exchange may be forwarded at the same time with the prisoners of war, the whole number not to exceed 850. I presume there will be more than fifty citizens. Please have Alfred Simmonds included among those to be delivered. The prisoner recommended for exchange by Richard Wallach (John Goldsmith I believe) will not be delivered at this time. If the female prisoners ordered from Camp Chase and Wheeling to this city have arrived please send them to City Point for delivery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., May 8, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: In compliance with your instructions received some days since I have the honor to forward herewith an estimate* of the probable cost of repairs required upon the buildings of the prison. The roof of the hospital building as it is at present being of some kind of composition material and being also very flat, having scarcely any pitch, it is thought cannot be repaired so as to prevent its leaking more

---------------

*Omitted. Total proposed exenditure, $2,000, approved by Colonel Hoffman.

---------------

