
Having taken the instructions of the President I have to request that instructions may be given to Major-General Butler or to whomsoever may be in command at New Orleans that those additions to the confinement be removed, that he be released from labor and from the ball and chain.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, Jackson, Miss., December 10, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Forces, West Tennessee, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I am credibly informed that Lieutenant-Colonel Hedgepeth, Sixth Missouri Infantry, C. S. Army, who was severely wounded in the engagement near Corinth, is now at the Overton Hospital, Memphis, subjected to unusually hard treatment - his parole, watch, and money taken from him. If this statement is correct I respectfully request that you will inform me of the reason why the privileges assured by the cartel for the exchange of prisoners are denied in Colonel Hedgepeth's case, and further request that he be either paroled at once or sent to Vicksburg for exchange by the first opportunity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, December 10, 1862.

General BRAGG.

SIR: Some months since Hon. A. J. Marchbanks, of Warren County, was arrested by the Federals and sent to Camp Chase, where he has been confined up to this time as a political prisoner. At the time of his arrest he was one of the circuit judges of the State, but his official term has expired since that time. He is a quiet and most excellent citizens, firm and unwavering in his devotion to the Confederate cause, but modest, quiet, and unobtrusive. About a month since Doctor Charlton (of the neighborhood of La Vergne), a Union man, was arrested by General Forrest and sent to this place. At my instance the commandant of the post, Captain O'Harra, and Doctor Charlton each wrote to the Federal authorities at Nashville proposing to exchange Charlton for Judge Marchbanks, but I have not been able to hear anything in answer to this proposition up to this time, and address you for the purpose of asking that you correspond with General Rosecrans upon the subject and, if possible, secure the release of Judge Marchbanks.

Respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, No. 2, Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 14, 1862.

Referred to Major General W. S. Rosecrans, who will no doubt promptly secure the release of this citizens under our recent agreement.

BRAXTON BRAGG,General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, December 16, 1862.

Respectfully referred to His Excellency Governor Johnson, who may know something about this case.

By command of General Rosecrans:

J. P. GARESCHE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

