
or less in wet weather. It has therefore been though best in order to have a good tight roof upon this building to make an entirely new roof over the old one like that proposed in the estimate. A building for a guard-house is much needed for the accommodation of the prison guard. This guard consists, including officers and non-commissioned officers, of fifty-six men, and to accommodate these but one small building about sixteen feet square is all we have for the purpose. The other items in the estimate are for necessary repairs only.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commandant of Prison.

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., May 8, 1863.

General DODGE, Corinth, Miss.

DEAR SIR: I am authorized by Colonel Roddey, commanding, to parole the sick and wounded with their nurses left at this place, and as you have as prisoners some of our men at Corinth I hope some arrangement can be made for an exchange at this point. Lieutenant Jas. Clark and Nathan Boddey are of that number. Will you be kind enough to let me hear from you on this subject at your earliest convenience?

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOS H. SLOSS,

Captain, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 61. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 8, 1863.

I. All residents of the State of Kentucky banished from their homes by any authority whatsoever not higher than that of the department commander by reporting to these headquarters on Saturday, May 9, at 12 m. or as soon thereafter as practicable can obtain a hearing of their cases and all against whom definite charges supported by sufficient proof to warrant a trial do not appear will be allowed to return to their homes upon taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

II. The general order prohibiting the sale of fire-arms and ammunition in this department is hereby rescinded, but all persons guilty of selling arms or ammunition to disloyal persons or with a knowledge that they are to go into the hands of disloyal persons will be arrested and tried for giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 9, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Hays is supposed to be on his way to Richmond wounded and a prisoner. Mrs. Hays' most direct way would be by way of City Point.

JOSEPH HOOKER,Major-General.

