
WASHINGTON, May 9, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

In the late battle at Chancellorsville Brigadier General William Hays was severely wounded, fell into the hands of the enemy and is now at Richmond. His wife desires to join him in Richmond, or at Ciuty Point if his parole and release can be had. You will please communicate with the Richmond authorities and if possible procure his immediate join him. She will leave here for Fort Monroe to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 9, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW:

Does the late exchange of paroled prisoners include the enlisted men of the Mercedita, Hatteras and other vessels who have not been delivered up at City Point nor captured on the coast of North Carolina and Virginia?

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 9, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY, Provost-Marshal-General:

I have very strong circumstantial evidence that Major Dixon, a paymaster in the U. S. Army, is a traitor and that his wife and daughter are paid spies in high favor with the highest rebel authorities at Richmond. His daughter is the wife of a major in the rebel army by the name of Saunders. She holds a commission in the rebel Treasury Department at Richmond for signing notes, and received a short time ago $500 in gold from Fitzhugh Lee to buy medicines in Washington, and gets passes through her father. She is probably now in Washington. Look sharp after this tribe.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, Tenn., May 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General DODGE.

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to transmit to you the following communication:
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 8, 1863.

Major-General OGLESBY:

The commanding general has considered the indorsement by you made the 6th instant on communication of Colonel P. E. Burke and directs me to say that guerrillas and men acting without recognized authority if taken at all will not be dealt with as prisoners of war, but will be dealt with as robbers and murderers as the case may be.

H. BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

You will comply with the above directions in dealing with the class of persons mentioned in the above communication.

By order of Major General R. J. Oglesby:

S. WAIT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

