
It has been impossible to arrange the rolls in any order whatever, they having been sent up from the Army of the Potomac in a very confused condition without alphabetical or regimental arrangement. Among the citizens are eight or ten females, two or three of whom are pretty hard cases, and they will be a happy riddance to us on any terms. There are nearly 200 more citizen prisoners at the Old Capitol and I will be glad to send them down to you as soon as you can conveniently dispose of them. As they have few or no more of this class to exchange can't you count them as irregular?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 9, 1863.

Major T. HENDRICKSON,

Third U. S. Infantry, Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.

MAJOR; By direction of the commissary-general of prisoners I beg leave to call your attention to certain differences existing between your return and the rolls for the month of April. Your return shows non-commissioned officers and privates joined, 590; citizens, 80; non-commissioned officers and privates transferred, 320; citizens, none; soldiers released, none. The rolls show non-commissioned officers and privates joined, 570; citizens, 99; non-commissioned officers and privates transferred, 316; citizens, 4; soldiers released, 7.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Habeas corpus proceedings in case of Clement L. Vallandigham.

The United States of America, on the relation of Clement L. Vallandigham v. Ambrose E. Burnside, major-general in the Army of the United States, commanding, &amp;c.

On Saturday, May 9, 1863, in the circuit court of the United States for the Southern District of Ohio, Judge Leavitt presiding, the Honorable George E. Pugh made an application on behalf of Honorable Clement L. Vallandigham for the allowance of a writ of habeas corpus to be directed to Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, commanding the Department of the Ohio, which application was as follows:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Southern District of Ohio, to wit:

To the honorable the Judges of the Circuit Court of the United States within and for the district aforesaid:

Your petitioner, Clement L. Vallandigham, says that he is a native-born citizen of the State of Ohio, residing in Montgomery County, and not enlisted or commissioned in the land or the naval forces of the United States, nor called into actual service as one of the militia of any State. Nevertheless on the 5th day of May instant between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning of said day, his dwelling-house (in which he and his family then were) in the city of Dayton and county of Montgomery aforesaid was surrounded by about 100 soldiers, armed and in uniform as such and acting under the direction of Ambrose E. Burnside, a major-general in the Army of the United States, which soldiers then and there violently broke the outer door and two inner doors of your petitioner's said house and entered the same, and then and there

