
[Third indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Nashville, Tenn., December 16, 1862.

Respectfully returned.

There has been no correspondence with this office on the subject of an exchange of Judge Marchbanks for Doctor Charlton. On the 5th instant Rev. C. D. Elliott, a political prisoner, was paroled for twenty days from that date to effect an exchange for Dr. James Charlton, of La Vergne, a political prisoner held by the Confederates, as set forth in the pass beyond our lines furnishes Mr. E by the provost-marshal-general. I have not as yet been advised as to the result of Mr. Elliott's efforts to effect said exchange.

Judge Marchbanks is held as political prisoner at Camp Chase, as stated within.

ANDREW JOHNSON, Military Governor.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, December 17, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Major-General, Commanding Department.

SAINT LOUIS, December 10, 1862.

Colonel J. HILDEBRAND, Commanding Alton Military Prison.

COLONEL: Will you find out the facts of the arrest of W. H. Hawkins, Twenty-second Tennessee Volunteers, and report at once to this office all the facts in the case? This man has been the subject of a demand by General Bragg through a letter forwarded to General Curtis by General Wright, form Cincinnati. It is important to know of him at once. He is said to have gone in with flag of truce and been improperly retained and to be now at Alton.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Near Annapolis, Md., December 10, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report the results of the examination of the men in camp who complained to the Secretary of War of murders being committed in camp which I spoke in my letter to you of 7th instant. The men ordered away will leave here at 3 p. m. to-morrow and I will send you the rolls complete by the next mail. There are about 300 men going.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant Colonel 47th N. Y. S. M., Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of Private M. Shaw, Company D, Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, December 7, 1862.

Question. Do you know of any murder being committed in or about this camp?

Answer. No.

