HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF CAIRO,Cairo, May 10, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

DEAR SIR: This letter will introduce you to the Honorable John Dougherty, of Jonesborough, Ill., who goes to Cincinnati as counsel for some of the twenty-three prisoners arrested in that place and sent to you. Mr. Dougherty is a man of influence and has used it in behalf of the Union. He asked my counsel as to the propriety of his defending the parties arrested. Some of them he knows to bad citizens and disloyal men. I said to him all men have the right to obtain counsel and he could legitimately defend them. I had the honor to suggest to you that these men should be tried at Anna but have had no reply to my letter. Some of them ought to be turned over to the civil authorities. The provost-marshal who arrested them has been relieved from duty at this post and is now near Vicksburg. I commend Mr. Dougherty to your kind consideration.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUROD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 10, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: It has been represented to the Secretary of War that a number of officers who have recently been exchanged and ordered to the West are still at Baltimore and Annapolis, and in consequence of not having been paid for several months have no means of paying their expenses on the road or purchasing clothing and other supplies of which they are greatly in need. The Secretary of War desires that you will make the necessary arrangements and give the necessary orders to enable these officers to be paid; at least so far as to relieve their present necessities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Pursuant to your verbal instructions I have the honor herewith to inclose* a report of the number of officers and enlisted men at Camp Parole, Camp Chase and Benton Barracks, paroled prisoners of war recently exchanged, who may now be ordered to the field. The officers exchanged without troops were mostly captured which they belong are now at Benton Barracks. I am informed by Colonel Ludlow that one delivery of rebel prisoners of war at City Point was not large enough to cover the enlisted men captured at Holly Springs, but that he has an arrangement partially completed by which he expects to be able to declare them exchanged in a few days.

On the 7th instant I announced to Major-Generals Burnside and Curtis the recent declaration of exchange and by order of the General-in-Chief directed them to order all exchanged troops in their respective

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

