
On the 7th of December last in accordance with instructions from the President of the Confederate States of America I had the honor of addressing you a communication on the subject of the murder of ten citizens of Missouri by the orders of General McNeil, U. S. Army. As no reply has been received up to this date I am forced to the conclusion that you decline to give the information sought. I again call your attention to that letter and the request contained in it, furthermore inclosing to e letter* of the President of the Confederate States addressed to me on this subject. If within a reasonable time I do not receive a satisfactory answer to this my communication I shall be forced to the conclusion that the conduct of General McNeil meets with the approval of your Government and no alternative will be left me but to carry into effect my instructions to the letter.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 11, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.

GENERAL: By direction of the General-in-Chief I have the honor to recommend the following: It has been determined that all irregular military organizations when captured are to be recognized as prisoners of war subject to be exchanged, and I have the honor to request that this rule may be acted on in your department. An effort will be made to fix upon Baton Rouge for the delivery of prisoners of war and there notified. In the meantime if deliveries cannot be made at Vicksburg and you are embarrassed to take care of your prisoners please forward them to Fort Monroe for delivery at City Point. Duplicate rolls should accompany them on which each man should give his parole not to bear arms, &amp;c. One of these rolls after the delivery with the receipt of the Confederate officer to whom they are delivered upon it must be forwarded to this office. Blank rolls for this purpose will be forwarded by this mail. A full roll of all prisoners of war should be forwarded to this office with as little delay as practicable. The rolls should show where the prisoners are held. Blanks for such rolls will also be forwarded. I have to request also that you will cause me to be furnished with full rolls of all Federal troops who may be delivered on parole in your department. Names should be arranged in alphabetical order by company and regiment. Blanks for this purpose are sent by mail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 11, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee.

GENERAL: I am instructed by the General-in-Chief to say that when a person is arrested charged with being a spy or the commission of any

---------------

*See Vol. IV, this Series, p. 946.

---------------

