
in the report made to the Secretary of State (a copy of which is herewith inclosed). I have also the honor to report that since reporting to the Secretary of State I have ascertained the following: Abijah Dolly, the man who arrested him, makes oath that Lawrence when captured stated that he had accidentally fallen in company with his companion (guide) whose name was Lambert. It also appears by Dolly's affidavit that the guide Shiply (not Lambert) at first escaped and took the saddle pockets and contents, and that the contents of the saddle pockets were not obtained. I further state in addition that Lawrence when a prisoner at Baltimore, as reported to me by Major-General Schenck, bribed the guard having him in charge, and instead of proceeding to Washington by the 3. 30 p. m. train he spent the night in Baltimore with secessionists.

I also further state that by investigation I have obtained the following reliable information in addition: That Mr. Lawrence when he went to Baltimore with his letter of introduction to Mr. W. W. Glen was introduced by Mr. Glenn to a secession family (Cameron) on Eager street, fifth door from Charles, where Mr. Lawrence made his headquarters while in Baltimore; that Mr. Glenn procured for Mr. Lawrence a commission in the rebel army in General George [H.] Stewart's cavalry regiment and was to be attached to the staff, and was taking his horses (two) over the mountains and through our lines for use as a staff officer; that E. M. Shipley was recommended by Glenn as a suitable persons to take charge of Lawrence's horses and guide him through our lines; that Shipley took the horses by rail to Cumberland and then beyond in the mountains, and made a reconnaissance of the route by which he should conduct Lawrence. Shipley then returned and joined Lawrence and guided him by night through our lines till captured.

This last information fatally implicates Lawrence and materially affects the truthfulness of his profession as to his intentions, &amp;c. It also implicates Mr. Glenn in rendering treasonable aid and assistance to the rebellion.

All which is respectfully submitted.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, JUDGE-ADVOCATE'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 10, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to report upon the case of George A. Lawrence, British subject, in reply to your note and accompaniment of the 11th instant that said Lawrence was arrested the night of the 4th instant at Greenland, Va., while attempting to pass the Federal lines south to the rebel army; that he was taken to Wheeling, Va., thence to Baltimore and thence to my office in custody of military authority. At my office on the evening of the 9th instant said Lawrence made the following statements or disclosures, viz: That he is a citizen of England and came to the United States the 4th of January last; remained in New York City about ten days; thence to Philadelphia and remained two days; thence to Washington City and stopped at the Metropolitan Hotel; saw Lord Lyons and dined with him and also with the British embassy; remained in Washington three days and then returned to Baltimore, taking with him letters of introduction from Mr. Clay (attache of the British Legation) to the British consul and Mr. Glenn; that he remained in Baltimore till about one week since, stopping at Guy's Hotel, at Mr. Meredith's, Glenn's and others, making occasional

