
of Captain Wynne (of the British army) and it was at Glenn's house it is now said where he took refuge after escaping from the Old Capitol Prison. The fact that one of the British legation gave Mr. Lawrence a letter of introduction to a man so noxiously disloyal as Mr. Glenn; that Glenn gave Lawrence a letter of direction to reach the rebels through the Federal lines disguised by representing Lawrence as in search of land, and that neither Lawrence nor Shipley (the guide) will disclose a single word as to Glenn's connection with the expedition and the selection and employment of the rebel guide - these facts and suppressions seem to implicate Lawrence as being something else than a foolish adventurer impelled by curiosity into gross imprudence, and Messers. Glenn and Clay without explanation cannot be relieved from unfavorable suspicions and imputations. Further investigations are being made and the result will be communicated, and in the meantime Mr. Lawrence will be held in custody.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Ould informs me that he has about 10,000 of our Fredericksburg prisoners at Richmond. I have sent up transportation for them with a hospital steamer and corps of surgeons and nurses for the sick and wounded. As all the officers and men sent to Camp Parole from City Point to the present date have been declared exchanged I would respectfully recommend that they be sent away to their regiments and make room for the large number soon to be received there.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

May 12, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Surgeon-General with the request that he will give the necessary instructions for the care of the wounded and sick.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Please return telegram.

W. H.

[Second indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 12, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

The medical director at Fort Monroe has been instructed to care for the sick and wounded.

By order of the Surgeon-General U. S. Army:

JOS. R. SMITH,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, May 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am informed on good authority that General Stonewall Jackson is not expected to live. He was shot by accident by his own men.

