
General Hays is reported not to be wounded and Mr. Ould promises tome his immediate delivery and also the delivery of the other captured officers.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., May 12, 1863.

Honorable G. V. FOX, Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the officers and men of the following-named vessels have been declared exchanged; Of the steamers Hatteras, Mercedita, Queen of the West, Harriet Lane, Isaac Smith, Columbia and of the schooner Vassar.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, May 12, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Our officers will be delivered. Send to me all the citizen prisoners and Confederate officers you have with other prisoners of war.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., May 12, 1863.

Major T. I. McKENNY, Aide-de-Camp:

In pursuance to the order and instructions of the Secretary of War of the 24th of April, 1863, a copy of which is herewith inclosed,* and under instructions from Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding the department, I commit to your charge the persons whose names are upon the rolls herewith handed you as those of the class of disloyal citizens who are in rebellion against the Government, and for that cause are to be conducted under guard South and passed through the lines of the U. S. Army and within the military lines of the enemy in rebellion, with instructions not to return within our military lines without the permission of the Secretary of War. You will proceed hence by steam-boat or cars to Memphis, and thence either to Vicksburg or such other point as may be most proper for the delivery of these persons within the lines of the enemy. You will cause the baggage of these persons to be carefully examined; but as there are some families who voluntarily accompany their husbands permission has been given them to take an ample supply of clothing and those necessaries required for their use which they otherwise might be without. Every regard and humane indulgence should on the way and in the delivery of the women and children within the lines be given to them consistent with their being safely conducted. It has been left to the option of the husbands to take their wives and children, excepting in the case of Charles Clark. As to the proper point of passing the lines you should consult with the officer commanding the U. S. forces, exhibiting to him the annexed order* of the Secretary of War that the same may be duly

---------------

*Omitted here; see p. 515.

---------------

