
obeyed in a manner not to interfere with the existing military plans of such commanding officer. In view of this it must be left to your discretion as to the plan of passing these persons through and within the lines of the enemy. You will return the rolls of the prisoners in duplicate to this office, with indorsement thereon of the time, place and manner of executing this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General Dept. of the Missouri.

SPECIAL ORDER, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Numbers 74. Saint Louis, Mo., May 12, 1863.

The persons herewith delivered to you to be conducted through the lines are ordered not to return during the war within the lines of the U. S. Army upon pain of imprisonment for the war, and in addition thereto such other punishment as may be imposed upon them by military authority. You will communicate this order to said persons.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

F. A. DICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, May 12, [1863.]

Mr. PHILIP SHREINER, Columbia, Pa.

I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that your letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange, was referred to Mr. Ould, the rebel agent for exchange, and has been returned with the following indorsement:

We cannot permit the friends of a deceased prisoner to come within our lines to superintend the removal of his body. Where the death of a prisoner is well established and his place of interment can be identified with reasonable certainty we have no objection to the removal of his remains provided the application is accompanied with funds sufficient to defray the expenses of disinterring the body and transportation to City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, May 12, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

A detachment of 302 paroled prisoners and 70 men of the Eighth Regiment Infantry have arrived here from New Orleans on board the ship Undaunted, where they remain awaiting orders. The officer in charge had orders to report to you by letter, which he informs me has been done.

By order of Stewart Van Vliet, quartermaster:

D. STINSON,

Assistant Quartermaster.

