
the report made by Captain Lazelle, Eighth U. S. Infantry, on Camp Parole and would must respectfully make the following report:

ARRIVALS OF PRISONERS.

Paroled prisoners arrive here without notice being given in any way to the commanding officer. My arrangements are perfect for the reception of 2,000 men at any moment, and can clean, clothe and feed 2,000 men in ten hours; but sometimes I receive more than 2,000 at one arrival. Would recommend that a telegram be sent from Fortress Monroe before the prisoners are sent that I may provide for any number, as I can with ten hours' notice.

THE GUARD.

The daily detail of sixty men for guard has been changed, and the Third Regiment Potomac Home Brigade have their headquarters now in Camp Parole and under my command, thus giving me a permanent guard and 100 men on duty every day instead of 60, thus affording a greater protection to the property of the Government and the maintaining of a stricter discipline in camp. The Purnell Cavalry has been very much reduced by Colonel C. A. Waite's having sixty men as a provost-guard at Annapolis, Md., leaving me but twenty men to guard a district of ten miles. Would respectfully recommend that Colonel C. A. Waite have a company sent to him that I may have my men back, to enable me to perform my duty in protecting the property in this district and enforcing order in my command.

PERMANENT OFFICERS FOR CAMP.

There have been four extra officers permanently detailed for duty with paroled prisoners which greatly relieves these headquarters and enables me to keep a correct record. Inclosed please find blank sheet of new record book which I have gotten up, giving the history of the man from his arrival until he leaves camp.

THE QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.

Arrangements have been made to have at all times on hand 2,000 complete outfits of clothing; also 2,000 tin cups, plates, knives, forks and spoons; and each man on arriving receives a new suit of clothes and a set of table furniture which they take with them when they leave camp. All requisitions for clothing are made on the commissary-general of prisoners at Washington and are very punctually attended to, and all deficiencies heretofore are now amply supplied.

NEW QUARTERS.

The recommendations of the inspecting officer as to the erecting of new quarters for paroled prisoners have been adopted by the commander-in-chief and I have received orders to build new barracks. There are to be sixty buildings, each 100 by 20 feet and 9 feet high, of boards, and bunks for 120 men, giving accommodations for 7,000 men. I am to build twenty kitchens, each 50 by 25 feet to cook for 400 men each. Also two large store-houses 200 by 25 feet for quartermaster's department and one for the commissary department same size. Also six buildings for the hospital with a large kitchen for their accommodation. There will also be built comfortable accommodations for the guard. The contract for lumber has been made and the labor is to be furnished by extra-duty men in this camp and will be paid from the

