
camp fund. The property on which the barracks are to be built has been hired by the Government at $1,500 rent per year. The house on the farm will be used as headquarters for officers and the large brick barn will be used as an ordnance store-house. The woods adjoining the farm will be used to the beset possible advantage in building the new barracks. Sinks will be built on the edge of the wood.

CAMP FUND.

The camp fund is made from the savings of rations, and from this fund the hospital receives all that is needed for the comfort of the sick, and everything needed for the camp is purchased with this fund. All the departments are worked and sustained by the fund and all the extra-duty men are paid from this fund, and I have a balance now on hand of $9,852. 68, which is to be used for the benefit of the new camp.

The new camp will be completed in about six weeks from this date, and all transportation after the new camp is built will be by the railroad, the camp being on the side of it, thus saying the roads in the city of Annapolis so much complained of.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., May 13, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I send to you officers equivalent to 431 privates. Only officers equal to 349 privates were due to you. You will recollect that the Columbia officers (Captain [Acting Lieutenant] Conover and others) reduced the number from 431 to 349. When will you deliver the officers recently captured by you?

I again call your attention to the large number of officers captured long since and still held by you. You can assure your Government that retaliation will be resorted to in every case where a party is unjustly detained. You will certainly give us credit for great forbearance even in the cases of officers lately released by you, but who had been held in captivity without any pretense of trial for many months. Nothing is left now as to those whom our protests have failed to release but to resort to retaliation. The Confederate Government is anxious to avoid a resort to that harsh measure. In its name I make a final appeal for that justice to our imprisoned officers and men which your own agreements have declared to be their due.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., May 13, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Fortress Monroe, Va.

COLONEL; My attention has again been called to the case of Michael S. Kennard, adjutant Fifteenth Texas [Cavalry] Regiment, captured at Arkansas Post, tried and convicted at Saint Louis, Mo., for violating an alleged oath of allegiance said to have been give long ago, and sentenced to hard labor during the war with ball and chain.

This officer is regularly in our service and by our former agreements is wholly and entirely released from any former oath of allegiance to

