
made be the proper officers for the same purpose. The fearlessness and energy shown by Governor Peirpoint in making these arrest cannot be too highly commended, but they should be made by virtue of his general police powers if not expressly enlarged as aforesaid.

J. HOLT

Judge-Advocate-General.

[Inclosure.]

MEMORANDUM.

APRIL 27, 1863

The sheriff of Barbour County, Va. (name I think Trahern) was seized at his home last winter by Imboden's men and taken to Richmond. Propositions have been made to exchange a man named Jones, from Pendleton a rebel and clerk of the county court of that county.

Benjamin Bassell, of Upshur County, who went into the rebellion, has been arrested also. Jones and Bassell are both in Camp Chase. I desire to exchange one or both of them for the sheriff of Barbour. Bassell is a member of rebel legislature, well known at Richmond. I have six rebels imprisoned now at Wheeling for the sheriff of Barbour.

I desire also to call attention to some of the officers of the loyal Virginia regiments who are in the penitentiary at Richmond on some pretense. I have made arrangements to place double the number of rebel Virginia officers are released or exchanged. Two of the Union officers to whom I refer belong to the Eighth [West] Virginia Regiment. Please get an ultimatum in both these cases and inform me.

I have now at Camp Chase Lieutenant Samuels and Lieutenant Holderby of Jenkins' brigade, taken at Point Pleasant, that will join the chain gang.

I do not want to go to this extremity, but if forced to the alternative I shall do it; and if the sheriff of Barbour is not released I shall send beyond the lines and arrest the most influential I can get and continue until he is released.

Please inform me of the reply.

F. H. PEIRPOINT

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 14, 1863

W. P. WOOD, Superintendent Old Capitol Prison:

You will discharge from custody T. T. Tunstall upon his signing the parole* here inclosed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Wheeling May 14, 1863

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copy of General Orders, Numbers 15,+ Headquarters Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, relating to the capture and paroling of U. S. troops by the rebels without forwarding them to the points indicated for exchanges. Under this order

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted here; see p. 339.

---------------

