
Green Barracks. This guard, however, is not sufficient to form a connected chain of sentinels about the camp or even more than two-thirds of it, and as this is the case the sentinels' posts are confined to the vicinities of the public property and the upper portion of the camp, with the exception of two or three sentinels placed near the largest continuous chain of sentinels renders the guard duty incomplete and not as efficient as it would otherwise be. It would be very desirable if the nature of the ground and position of the permanent barracks admitted to keep the camp in a more compact form, but without abandoning entirely the barracks at the lower end this cannot be done since the chief and more important portion of the camp is at the upper end. The intermediate grounds to a great extent not fit to be used for camping purposes. Six officers are regularly detailed and constantly in charge of the six battalions into which the men at the camp are divided, and by their assistance the records of the men are much better kept than formerly and better discipline prevails. They are also now properly supplied with cooking materials and table furniture sufficient for each man's use. Temporary sinks have also been constructed and surrounded by brush screens and the soldiers commonly use them, though from the absence of sufficient sentinels nuisances are often committed and the men range in and out at pleasure at those points where there is no guard. I have carefully inquired into and examined the labors of each of the seven clerks now employed by Colonel Sangster and am satisfied that the numerous reports which he is required to furnish the rolls, abstracts, orders and accounts render the services of the present number necessary with the exception of one, a record clerk so called and reported. This clerk is employed both as clerk and orderly and his duty is generally to obtain data of their position from the men themselves to fill out required rolls with the camp. It would seem that as this is an orderly's or an officer's duty the information could be furnished to the commanding officer by them; and since each of the other six classes of papers required, such as descriptive rolls, reports, copying of orders, letters, &amp;c., general rolls of men, adjutant's duties, and one general clerk for miscellaneous duties required by the commanding officer that, the duties of this one might be dispensed with.

The police of the camp is quite bad and the duty very imperfectly performed when performed at all. The camp should in my opinion be divided into sections and one put under the charge of each battalion officer who should be held responsible for its cleanliness. As it is now the camp is very dirty and will certainly be unhealthful in warm weather if left in the present condition. The quarters and guard-house are in the same condition as when last reported upon by me, though the former are not occupied to their fullest capacity just now by one-half the facilities for accommodation. The medical department of Camp Parole has recently been placed under the supervising charge of Surg. Thomas A. McParlin. It is very desirable to prepare as rapidly as possible the new camp, that by an early removal more system, order, discipline and cleanliness may be introduced and preserved free from the surroundings and inconveniences so much calculated at present to interfere with these elements.

I am, colonel very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. LAZELLE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, U. S. Army.

