
thought they will not exceed 7,000. This does not probably include all the wounded captured near Fredericksburg.

JOHN A DIX.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., May 15, 1863

Colonel A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri.

COLONEL: Colonel William Hoffman's official telegram of the 8th instant announcing the exchange of certain officers and enlisted men, with your indorsement on same of this date requesting a report of the names of any officers or soldiers coming under the declaration of said exchange, is just received. I would say in answer that all the paroled commissioned officers at this post, numbering an aggregate of about 115, and about 1,050 enlisted men will come under the declaration of this exchange. If you require it I will have accurate lists giving name, rank, company and regiment forwarded to you as soon as practicable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Benton Barracks, Mo., May 15, 1863

Colonel W. HOFFMAN.

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR; I have the honor herewith to transmit returns of paroled prisoners at this post for the months of April, 1863, embracing 114 commissioned officers present; 4 commissioned officers absent with leave; 3 commissioned officers absent without leave; 3,067 enlisted men present; 36 enlisted men absent with leave; 578 enlisted men absent without leave; 18 Government employer present; 3,820, aggregate present and absent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 15, 1863

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Defenses of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: Much embarrassment is experienced at the Old Capitol Prison in disposing of prisoners arrested for disloyal conduct in consequence of the failure by the parties arresting them to send with them anything in the shape of charges, and I have therefore the honor to request that you will direct all under your command who make arrests of this nature to forward with [them] the place of arrest, place of residence and specific charges. Without such information it is impossible to say who should be tried and who should be exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN.

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

