
Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps, Army of the West; Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps, Department of the Gulf; Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland; Captain E. L. Webber, commanding Camp Chase Prison, Columbus, Ohio; Colonel W. F. Lynch, commanding Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill. ; Captain S. E. Jones, commanding Military Prison, Louisville, Ky. ; Brigadier General J. Ammen, commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill. ; Major W. S. Pierson, commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 15, 1863

Captain H. M. LAZELLE,

Eighth U. S. Infantry, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN; You will proceed to Annapolis this afternoon and confer with Captain Blodgett assistant quartermaster in relation to the establishment of the new camp for paroled prisoners and to give such instructions as may be necessary to carry out my views. You will also communicate my instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Sangster relative to providing for the reception of paroled prisoners expected to arrive at the old camp in a few days. You will be required to visit the new camp once in ten days to superintend its progress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., May 15, 1863

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL; I have the honor to forward herewith an application* of the female prisoner, Mrs. Clara Judd, now in confinement in this prison, for a parole to go to her friends in the State of Minnesota. She desires this indulgence on account of her health which for some time past has not been very good. The parole is recommended by her attending physician, Assistant Surgeon Wall, of the Seventy-seventh Ohio Volunteers, the prison physician. I inclose also a copy of the charges against Mrs. Judd. From what I have seen of Mrs. Judd since she has been under my control I am inclined to think if she were permitted to go to Minnesota she would probably remain there and give no further trouble during the war.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

ALTON MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL,

Alton, Ill., May 12, 1863

Major T. HENDRICKSON,

Third Infantry, U. S. Army, and Prison Commandant.

MAJOR: I beg leave to respectfully represent to you that the condition of Mrs. Judd's health (a prisoner of war confined in the above-named prison) is such that in my opinion she had better be paroled

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

