
did not move on to put the bayonet into the Yankee sons of bitches. General Hays told them he could not walk; they might put him in jail if they liked, but as to walk to City Point it was impossible. The sergeant again ordered to put the bayonet into him when some citizens told him that these officers could not walk; that he should take us to the provost-marshal to see what he said. he did so and the provost-marshal put us into a dirty, filthy jail, about ten by twelve, when we were confined about an hour and a half. During that confinement the lieutenant of the guard brought a female in to show her some live Yankees and told her to look at us but not to speak to us as we might bite her.

Major Vaughan, a cavalry officer in the Confederate service, went to the provost-marshal, having become disgusted with our treatment and persuaded the provost to allow the general and the aides to hire a conveyance as he might allow us that privilege and we had to pay Robert Clark for a chaise to transport three of us from Petersburg to City Point $40 in greenbacks, amounting to $60 of their scrip. In asking the reason of the high prices they said that Stoneman having taken all the horses around the country from Government to get square on Stoneman seized the horses of all their loyal subjects.

On Sunday, May 10, Governor Letcher and several other officials visited us at the Libby. The Governor said if Lincoln did as he wanted him to do Virginia would not have seceded and there would have been no war; and if Lincoln would not have been elected the South would be blessed with peace. General Hays asked him if Douglas had been elected how it would have been. He replied it made no difference; they had been disunionists for fifty years.

When we arrived in Libby they took from the officers their belts canteens, sashes and all writing papers about them; said it was contraband, and on coming away would not allow us even to bring a blanket with us. The same time they boast that certain of their officers are furnished with money when taken prisoners, and their friends in the North buy them trunks and fill them with contraband goods and the officers returning take these trunks with them as private baggage, our Government furnishing them transportation.

Second Lieutenant Ahlert, Forty-fifth New York, Eleventh Corps, and sergeants and privates of Sixty-sixth Ohio now at Camp Parole, Annapolis state the time they were attacked they had no pickets or skirmishers in front and were playing cards and eating; taken so by surprise that most of them left their arms stacked. The rebels also say that had they known that the officers and soldiers were such cowardly poltroons they would have sent a note to General Hooker requesting him that he would place some troops there that would at least fire one would at least fire one round without running, as they did not want to fight sheep.

THOS. J. LEIGH.

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 15, 1863

His Excellency O. P. MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant, in which you call attention to the announcement from the rebel newspapers that about 400 Alabamians, enlisted by Colonel Streight and regularly mustered into the Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, captured near Rome, were

