
refused their parole and sent to Richmond, and request that 800 prisoners may be selected from those now in our possession and held as hostages for the safety of these loyal Alabamians. In reply the Secretary instructs me to inform you that the same has been referred to General Hitchcock commissioner for exchange of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN POTTS,

Chief Clerk, War Department.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 16, 1863.

President LINCOLN:

Colonel Samuel B. Churchill, of Saint Louis, formerly of this city, has been banished South with his wife and seven children, five of them very small. Colonel Churchill is a man of intelligence and high character, of moderate fortune. It will utterly ruin him to have to go South. I respectfully request that his sentence be commuted. He will take the oath and give bond if allowed. I ask this because I know him and rely on his honor, and he is a cousin of my children.

JAMES GUTHRIE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 16, 1863

Honorable JAMES GUTHRIE, Louisville, Ky.:

Your dispatch of to-day is received. I personally know nothing of Colonel Churchill; but months ago and more than once he has been represented to me as exerting a mischievous influence at Saint Louis for which reason I am unwilling to force his continuance there against the judgment of our friends on the ground. But if it will oblige you he may come to and remain at Louisville upon taking the oath of allegiance and your pledge for his good behavior.

A. LINCOLN.

BALTIMORE, May 16, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

The prisoner, Captain Baylor, killed and man named Roher under a flag of truce at Harper's Ferry. Colonel Schley from Point of Rocks telegraphs that he will send statement in full and that witnesses can be obtained without trouble. Communicate this to judge-advocate.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, May 16, 1863

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Two notorious prostitutes sent with citizen prisoners from the Old Capitol Prison to City Point have been denied permission to land and have been returned to Annapolis. Please give the necessary orders to Colonel Waite to send them to Old Capitol Prison and direct that no more such characters be sent here for exchange.

WM. H. LUDLOW.

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

