
NORFOLK, May 16, 1863

Lieutenant-Colonel PELOUZE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Send the prisoners to City Point with instructions to the officer in charge to have duplicate rolls of his prisoners; to deliver them with one of the rolls to the Confederate authorities at City Point, and take their receipt on the other roll which is to be brought back and left within me. The officer need not wait to bring any of our men. Cooked rations if necessary can be obtained from the commissary.

WM. H. LUDLOW.

Lieutenant-Colonel

ANNAPOLIS, MD., May 16, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMANL, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Eighty officers and 3,000 men from Richmond this morning and 313 from New Orleans. Please have Major Dodge ordered to come down and pay the officers.

GEO. SANGSTER.

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, May 16, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I respectfully inform you that the number of persons will be less than 350 who are subjects of exchange, viz, 136 officers, 76 enlisted men and less than 150 state prisoners. These will leave sufficient room for at least 300 more prisoners. I am not informed whether Captain Todd has any other prisoners in Washington. I shall endeavor to have the rolls completed by 6 p. m. this evening and will wait instructions when they are to embark.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM P. WOOD,

Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, D. C., May 16, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary General of Prisoners.

SIR: I beg you will excuse me for again drawing your attention to my case. I now again take the liberty as I learn we are upon the eve of an exchange. I have now been a prisoner for eight months and why I am longer held I cannot see. When I was captured on the 14th September, 1862, I was sent to Fort Delaware, there then being a charge of spy against me. This charge was entirely without foundation. I was there confined for three weeks in irons. I demanded a hearing upon this charge three different times but received no answer to any of my communications. After the expiration of three weeks I was released from close confinement and placed among the officers at Fort Delaware, not, however, because I was an officer but only through the kindness of my friend Major Burton, then in command. Major Burton informed me at this time that this charge had been removed entirely. After remaining at Fort Delaware for about three months I was ordered to report to Washington, which I did upon my

