
others are delivered. Please have the Old Capitol Prison cleaned out as far as is possible of both prisoners of war and civilians. I can hardly express to you the continual annoyance given by the reiterated demands and appeals made for the release and delivery of Confederate officers and men, many of whom have been declared exchanged and other who are held back in prisoners when their comrades are delivered.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond Va., May 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I have now before me two men who were delivered by you yesterday who belong to Mosby's command. One of them I know well and can vouch for his truthfulness. They say that Thomas N. Green, J. H. Barnes, Thomas W. Howard, James Wilson, Samuel Underwood, John W. Martin, C. E. Smith, Samuel Anderson, A. J. Brown, C. W. Selden, Richard Moran and William Hibbs, who were captured about the 1st of May, 1863, are retained in the Old Capitol Prison. My informants tell me that the foregoing persons who belong to Mosby's command are retained and not allowed to come off, although they earnestly requested it. they are retained under the allegation that they are bushwhackers and guerrillas. Mosby's command is in the Confederate service in every sense of the term. He is regularly commissioned and his force is as strictly Confederate as any in our army. Why is this done? This day I have cleaned every prison in my control as far as I know. If there is any detention anywhere let me know and I will rectify it. I am compelled to complain of this thing in almost every communication. You will not deem me passionate when I assure you that it will not be endured any longer. If these men are not delivered a stern retaliation will be made immediately.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

FORT MONROE, May 17, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Eighty-four of our officers captured at Chancellorsville have been delivered to me and sent to Annapolis. Please send me all the Confederate officers you have and I will obtain the release of equivalent number of our officers now in Richmond. How many Confederate officers have you?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., May 17, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding the district I have the honor to inform you that those of Mosby's men who are in

