
Question. Will you state what other flags or emblems decorated the platform than the American flag?

Answer. There were frames covered with canvas all of which were decorated with "butternuts. " One banner which was borne at the head of a delegation bore that inscription, "The Copperheads are coming. "

Question. Did you see any badges worn by the citizens? How many and what were those badges?

Answer Yes; I saw hundreds of them wearing butternuts and many of them copperheads cut out of cents.

Question. Did you hear many and how many cheering for Jeff. Davis or expressing sympathy for him?

Answer. I heard no cheers for Jeff. Davis, but I heard a shout in the crowd that "Jeff. Davis was a gentleman and that was what the President was not. "

Cross-examined by the ACCUSED:

Question. Did not the speaker refer to the Critttenden propositions and condemn the rejection of them?

Answer. In endeavoring to show that the restoration of the Union was not the object of the war he stated a number of means, this among others, by which the war could have been ended; he considered from the fact that none were adopted that this was proof that the restoration of the Union wass not the object of the war.

Question. Did I not quote Judge Douglas' declaration that the responsibility for the rejection of those propositions was with the Republican party?

(Objected to by the judge-advocate.)

The commission was duly cleared for deliberation and on its reopening the judge-advocate announced as its decision that the question would not be admitted.

Question. When speaking in connection with Forney's Press did I not say that if other Democrats in Washington and myself had not refused all ideas and suggestions from some prominent men of the party in power to make peace on terms of disunion that I believed the war would have been ended in February?

Answer. When speaking of the proposition, viz, "that it was not a war for the restoration of the Union," he stated that if the Democrats in Washington had united in a plan for the permanent separation of the Union the thing would have been accomplished in February.

Question. Did I not expressly refer to myself in that connection and say that I had refused and always would refuse to agree to a separation of the States; in other words to peace on terms of disunion?

Answer. He stated something to that effect. He stated that he wishes to have a voice in the manner in which the Union was to be reconstructed, and that we wished also our Southern brethren to have a voice.

Question. Referring to the Richmond Enquirer article did I not say that it, Jeff. Davis' organ, had called upon Dictator Lincoln to lock up Mr. Cox, Senator Richardson and myself in one of his military prisons because of our doing so much against Southern recognition and independence?

Answer. Yes; substantially he did say so.

Question. Referring to General Orders, Numbers 38, did I not say that in so far as it undertook to subject citizens not in the land or naval forces or militia of the United States in actual service to trial by court-martial or military commission I believed it to be unconstitutional and a usurpation of arbitrary power?

Answer. He did, except the words "in so far. "

