
tyranny of the Administration said that a general order had been issued in Indiana denying the rights of the people to criticism the military power of the Administration and if submitted to would be followed by a similar one in Ohio.

Question. Do you undertake to give any connected or methodical statement of my speech of an hour and a half on that occasion?

Answer. I do not pretend to give his speech just as he spoke it. I only remember part.

Question. Were you not present in citizen's clothes? How came you to be at Mount Vernon that day-by whose order, and were you sent for the purpose of listening to and reporting the speech?

Answer. I was present in citizen's clothes by order of Colonel Eastman. I was sent there to listen to the speech and report his language as near as I could, and I did make report to Colonel Eastman.

Question. Did you make report of any other speech on that occasion?

Answer. I related the substance of Mr. Cox's and Mr. Kenny's speeches.

Question. Were you directed t go to Mount Vernon ad make a report of the speech with reference to the prosecution under General Orders, Numbers 38?

Answer. I was not.

Question. Was any object stated to you, and if os what, for your going there in citizen's clothes, listening to and reporting the speech?

Answer. Not any.

The judge-advocate stated that he did not propose to re-examine the witness, and having no other witnesses would here close the testimony for the prosecution.

The accused asked to consult with his counsel, who did not appear and had not appeared in the court-room during the trial, before entering upon his defense.

The commission adjourned for fifteen minutes to enable the accused to consult with his counsel.

The commission resembled pursuant to adjournment.

Honorable S. S. Cox, a witness for the defense, being duly sworn testifies as follows:

By the PRISONER:

Question. Were you present at a public political meeting of citizens of Ohio at Mount Vernon on Friday, May 1, 1863, and if so in what capacity?

Answer. I was present as one of the speakers.

Question. Did you hear the speech of Mr. Vallandigham that day?

Answer. I did. I heard the whole of it.

Question. State where your position was during its delivery; what your opportunity for hearing was; whether you heard it all and whether and why your attention was particularly directed to it.

Answer. Before the speaking began I was on the stand a fe feet from Mr. Vallandigham, most of the time standing near him, so that I could not fail to hear all that he said. I do not think my attention was distracted but for perhaps a few moments during the entire speech. I had not heard Mr. Vallandigham speak since the adjournment of Congress, and as I came in from the West I did not know that he was to be there. I took an especial interest in listening to his speech throughout. Having to follow him I naturally noted the topics which he discussed.

