
Question. Did you hear allusions to General Burnside by name, and if so what were they?

Answer. The only allusion he made to the general was I think near the beginning of his speech in which he said he was not there by the favor of Abraham Lincoln, Governor Tod or Ambrose E. Burnside.

Question. Was any epithet applied to him during the speech?

Answer. No, sir. If there had been I should have noticed it because General Burnside is an old friend of mine and I should have remembered any odious epithet applied to him.

Question. Did you hear the references to General Orders, Numbers 38, and if so what were they? State fully.

Answer. The only reference made to that order in that speech was something to this effect; that he did not recognize (I do note know that I can quote the language) Orders, Numbers 38, and if any criticism was made upon it what was that criticism?

Answer. I cannot recall any denunciatory epithets applied to that order. I did not hear any that I can remember. The only criticism I heard was that in reference to the Constitution. Mr. Vallandigham discussed these matters very briefly, taking up the larger portion of his speech with another proposition. The other proposition was in connection with closing of the war by separation. He charged that men in power were wiling to make peace by separation. He exhausted some time in reading proofs from publications of Montgomery Blair and Forney. He also stated there were private proofs yet to be disclosed which time would disclose. He said they pursued this thing until they found that Democrats were unwilling to make peace except upon a basis of the restoration of the whole Union. He denounced bitterly any attempts to restore peace by a separation of the States.

Question. Do you remember to what if at all in connection with future usurpation of power he applied his strongest language?

Answer. I cannot say as to his 'strongest language," for he always speaks pretty strongly. He denounced in strong language an power to stop public discussions and the suffrage. He appealed to the people to protect their rights, as a remedy for every grievance of a private nature. He counseled no resistance except such as might be had at the ballot-box.

Question. Was anything said by him at all looking to forcible resistance of either laws or military orders?

Answer. Not as I understand it. He stated the sole remedy to be in the ballot-box and in the courts. I remember this distinctly for I had been pursuing the same line of remark at Chicago and Fort Wayne and other places where I had been speaking, and with the purpose of repressing any tendency toward violence among our Democratic people.

Question. Was anything said by me on that occasion in denunciation of the conscription bill or looking in any way to resistance to it?

Answer. My best recollection is that Mr. Vallandigham did not say a word about the conscription.

Question. Did he refer to the French conscription bill, and if not was such reference made and by whom?

Answer. He did not. I did.

Question. Do you remember his quotation from President Lincoln's proclamation of July 1, 1862 of the words "unnecessary and injurious war?"

Answer. I do not. He may have done so.

