
FINDING AND SENTENCE.

After maturely considering the evidence before them and the statement of the accused the commission find the accused, Clement L. Vallandigham, a citizen of the State of Ohio, as follows:

Of the specification (except the words "that propositions by which the Northern States could be won back and the south guaranteed their rights under the Constitution had been rejected the day before the battle of Fredericksburg by Lincoln and his minions," meaning thereby the President of the United States and those under him in authority, and the words "asserting that he firmly believed as he asserted six months ago that the men in power are attempting to establish a despotism in this country more cruel and more oppressive than ever existed before"), guilty.

And as to these words not guilty.

Of the charge guilty.

And the commission do therefore sentence him, the said Clement L. Vallandigham, a citizen of the State of Ohio, to be placed in close confinement in some fortress of the United States to be designated by the commanding officer of this department, there to be kept during the continuance of the war.

ROBERT B. POTTER.

Brigadier-General, of Volunteers, President.

J. M. CUTTS,

Captain, Eleventh Infantry, Judge-Advocate.

The commission then adjourned to meet again at 10 o'clock a. m. on Monday, the 11th instant.

ROBERT B. POTTER.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, President.

J. M. CUTTIS,

Captain, Eleventh Infantry, Judge-Advocate.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO. Numbers 68. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 16, 1863.

I. At a military commission which convened at Cincinnati, Ohio, on the 6th day of May, 1863, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 135, of April 21, 1863, current series, from these headquarters and of which Brigadier General Robert B. Potter, U. S. Volunteers is president was arraigned and tried Clement L. Vallandigham, a citizen of the State of Ohio, on the following charge and specification of charge, to wit: *

* * * * *

II. The proceedings finding and sentence in the foregoing case are approved and confirmed and it is directed that the place of confinement of the prisoner, Clement L. Vallandigham, in accordance with said sentence, be Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH.

Hilton Head, S. C., May 18, 1863.

Rear-Admiral S. F. DU PONT,Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

ADMIRAL: I have received intelligence that one of my captains who was recently taken prisoners of war by the rebels has been executed by them. I am anxious to obtain possession of as many as possible of

---------------

*Charge and specification omitted here; see p. 634.

---------------

