
transport to New York to be forwarded thence by transportation to New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 18, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The following from General Carter with regard to Rogers and Deaton, two officers imprisoned for life in irons, calls for immediate action. Please confine two or more officers in like manner and let me have their names. I will communicate further with you in regard to the hostages for the two citizens:

Through an assistant surgeon recently released from a rebel prison I learn that Lieutenant Canada H. Rogers, of First Tennessee Infantry, and Captain Deaton, of I think the Sixth East Tennessee Infantry, are both in prison at Knoxville, Tenn., are condemned to imprisonment for life and are heavily ironed. Both officers were captured in East Tennessee.

Sam. Snapp, of Sullivan County, Tenn., and Preston Berry, from near Williamsburg, Ky., are also in Knoxville prison. I have ordered the arrest of a rebel citizen in Laurel County, Ky., to be held as a hostage for Berry. I hope you will order at least two rebel officers for each of ours to be imprisoned in irons till the release of Rogers and Deaton, and that some rebel citizen may be held for Snapp, who is a loyal man and had committed no other offense than that of being loyal.

CARTER.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 18, 1863.

General DAVIDSON:

I send by telegraph the following letter received from Colonel Shelby. An agreement between Generals Blunt and Marmaduke can of course have no effect in this district, nor do I believe you will regard wounded prisoners as neutrals. I have informed Captain Adams of my referring the whole matter to you. Please telegraph me upon the receipt of this. Under the advice of Surgeon Martin and your former permission I take first boat for Saint Louis, as I find myself unfit to discharge duties incumbent on me.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. C. S. FORCES, NORTHEAST ARKANSAS,May 11, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding U. S. Forces Southeast Missouri, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

GENERAL: You have in your hands the following officers of this command: Major Y. H. Blackwell, Shelby's regiment Missouri cavalry; Captain H. M. Woodsmall, Jeans' regiment Missouri cavalry; Lieutenant J. N. Edwards, Shelby's regiment Missouri cavalry; Lieutenant William H. Ferrill, Shelby's regiment Missouri cavalry, all wounded at the engagement at Cape Girardeau. According to the agreement between Brigadier-General Blunt and Major-General Hidman made after the battle of Prairie Grove all wounded are to be considered as neutrals and cannot be made prisoners. In the late expedition of part of this command into Missouri this agreement was strictly adhered to by all officers of the command.

