
I much desire to have these officers within our lines and under treatment with their friends, and I therefore by direction of the brigadier-general commanding send Captain Adams, Jeans' Missouri cavalry, with an escort of ten men under flag of truce for the above-mentioned officers, and have to request that you will give him assistance in the duty assigned him.

In case the agreement between Generals Blunt and Hindman is not recognized in this instance I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to notify you that in no future instance will he recognize it as binding.

I also by direction of Brigadier-General Marmaduke and at the request of the prisoners return to you three prisoners of your command, Captain H. A. Spencer, Company E, Third Iowa Cavalry; Captain S. A. C. Bartlett, Company C, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Captain T. J. Mitchell, Company K, Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry. These officers are permitted to return under parole, and under parole of honor that unless the wounded officers C. S. Army above named are not allowed to return they will return to this command to be kept as prisoners of war.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT, Cape Girardeau, May 18, 1863.

Colonel J. O. SHELBY:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of May 11, 1863, under flag of truce borne by Captain Adams, Jeans' Missouri cavalry, in which you propose the exchange of three captains therein named for Major Y. H. Blackwell, Captain H. M. Woodsmall, Lieutenants J. N. Edwards and William H. Ferrill.

In reply I would say I am wrongly addressed as commanding forces in Southeast Missouri, Brigadier-General Davidson, commanding Saint Louis District of Missouri, being the commandant of all forces in Southeast Missouri. Your communication will be telegraphed to him and I will act as directed by him. Meanwhile without any reference to agreement between Generals Blunt and Marmarduke of which I have no knowledge if you are disposed to discharge those gentlemen on their parole of honor as stated by you I will see that its terms are complied with and consider your so doing as a favor which I will endeavor to reciprocate. Only one of the prisoners demanded is fit to be moved

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient,JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHWEST MISSOURI,

Saint Joseph, Mo., May 18, 1863.

Major J. M. BASSETT, District Provost-Marshal.

SIR: You will direct your assistants to arrest the most prominent and influential rebels and sympathizers with the rebellion in their respective districts. The assistant provost-marshals will in every case take testimony upon the following points, viz:

1. Disloyal conduct previous to July 25, 1862, the date of the President's proclamation.

