
Question. Why do you think they sold liquor there?

Answer. Because I heard others say it was a whisky shanty.

Question. Who did you hear say it was a whisky shanty?

Answer. John Brewer.

Question. Can you give me any information that would lead to the apprehension of the perpetrators of the murders, gamblers and liquor dealers?

Answer. I can point out some men who have been engaged in gambling; I think I can point out some liquor dealers but I know nothing about the murders.

Statement of E. B. Richardson, Company K, Twenty-first Massachusetts, December 8, 1862.

Question. Do you know of any murder or murders that have been committed in or about this camp?

Answer. Only what I have heard.

Question. Give me a statement of what you have heard.

Answer. I have heard rumors that there have been murders committed in and about this camp but can give nothing definite.

Question. Who did you get these rumors from?

Answer. I could not tell the names.

Question. Do you know anything of any gambling in this camp?

Answer. I have seen considerable of what they call the sweat-board.

Question. Who have you seen gambling at these boards?

Answers. I could not give the names but could recognize them.

Question. Will you assist me all you can in the apprehension of the gamblers?

Answer. I will.

Question. Do you know any one who has sold liquor in this camp?

Answer. I have seen men with canteens and glasses and asking who wanted the next drink but did not see them sell any so I could not give any direct information.

Question. Who have you see with canteens and glasses?

Answer. I can't give the names but could recognize them.

Question. Will you give the name of the person who you suppose have sold liquors?

Answer. A man by the name of Robbins. I will find his company and regiment. Also a man by the name of Keyser and a man by the name of Babcock, who assisted Robbins.

Statement of A. H. Reed, Company G, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, December 8, 1862.

Question. Do you know of any one in your company or in any other company or any one connected with this camp in any way that has been murdered?

Answer. I do not but I have heard that there have been six murders committed from one Friday till the next Friday.

5 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

