
These ninety men by their bad conduct give us more trouble than all the Confederate prisoners confined here, and if they are kept here their insubordinate conduct cannot but have a pernicious effect upon the latter from whom it is almost impossible to keep them entirely separate. I have a dozen or so of the most prominent among the mutinous crew confined in the cells of the prison, but even here they continue their violent conduct by breaking up the balls and chains I have had put upon them and by battering down the walls of the cells and committing other outrages. As it is impracticable to carry out the sentences of these men here, there being no kind of hard labor at which they can be employed, and as it is equally as impracticable to keep them from mingling more or less with the Confederate prisoners, of whom we have now about 1,100, I would suggest that they (the Federals) be removed to some place (to one of fortifications upon the Atlantic coast, for instance) where their sentence can be properly carried into effect.

I would suggest also that an order be issued by the proper authorities prohibiting the sending here in future any more convicts like those above mentioned.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, NO. 70. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 18, 1863.

I. The intention of that portion of General Orders, No. 66, from these headquarters, relating to the "removal of wives and families of persons in arms against the United States," being merely to remove from this department these persons who from their intimate relations with the enemies of the Government would be presumed to exercise an active sympathy with the rebellion, and would therefore be dangerous as residents, and as arbitrary arrests or notices to remove under that order might occasion suffering and injustice, it is hereby ordered that in all such cases the proper officer having cognizance of the facts will forward to these headquarters a written statement of the circumstance before he takes any further action.

II. As the experience of this department has shown that cases exist where the persons to whom General Orders, No. 66, refers are notwithstanding their close relationship to the enemies of the country still loyal to the Government and are willing to testify it by taking the oath of allegiance, such persons when there is evidence of the honesty of the intention of the parties in taking the oath will not be molested.

III. The attention of all officers having charge of paroled prisoners is again directed to the orders of the War Department relative to paroled prisoners, the requirements of which must be strictly complied with. Negligence in this respect causes great confusion and injury to the service, and hereafter any officer guilty of such neglect will be held strictly accountable therefor.

General Orders, No. 46, current series, War Department, applies to men absent without authority, paroled prisoners included, and requires that they should be sent to the general camps designated in General Orders, No. 72, War Department, of June, 1862, and it requires that the military commandant shall make tri-monthly of men so

