
breathing the air or walking on the earth. Belonging to private life as a right, it belongs to public life as a duty, and it is the last duty which those whose representatives we are shall find us to abandon. Aiming at all times to be courteous and temperate in its use except when the right itself is questioned we shall place ourselves on the extreme boundary of our right and bid defiance to any arm that would move us from our ground. "This high constitutional privilege we shall defend and exercise in all places-in time of peace, in time of war, and at all times. Living, we shall assert it; and should we leave no other inheritance to our children by the blessing of God we will leave the inheritance of free principles and the example of a manly, independent and constitutional defense of them. "

Resolved, That in the election of Governor Seymour the people of this State by an emphatic majority declare their condemnation of the system of artillery arrests and their determination to stand by the Constitution. That the revival of this lawless system can have but one result: to divide and distract the North an destroy its confidence in the purposes of the Administration. That we deprecate it as an element of confusion at home, of weakness to our armies in the field and as calculated to lower the estimate of American character and magnify the apparent peril of our cause abroad. And that regarding the blow struck as at citizen of Ohio as aimed at the rights of every citizen of the North we denounce it as against the spirit of our laws and Constitution and most earnestly call upon the President of the United States to reverse the action of the military tribunal which has passed a "cruel and unusual punishment" upon the party arrested, prohibited in terms by the Constitution, and to restore him the liberty of which he has been deprived.

Resolved, That the president, vice-president and secretary of this meeting be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to His Excellency the President of the United States with the assurance of this meeting of their hearty and earnest desire to support the Government in every constitutional and lawful measure to suppress the existing rebellion.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 19, 1863.

JOSHUA F. SPEED and JAMES SPEED, Louisville:

Before the receipt of your telegram of Sunday the President on the application of Honorable James Guthrie had directed that Colonel Churchill might remain at Louisville on condition of taking the oath of allegiance and Mr. Guthrie pledging himself that Colonel Churchill should be of good behavior and do no act of hostility against the United States and give no aid and comfort or information to the enemy. The Adjutant-General has been directed to telegraph the order to General Curtis and to the military officer commanding at Louisville and to Mr. Guthrie.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 19, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

The President desires to know what you have done with Vallandigham, and if sent away by what route and where to.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

