
SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 19, 1863.

General McNEIL, Commanding Cape Girardeau:

The exchange by cartel must take place by delivery at Vicksburg of equal numbers and rank.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, May 19, 1863.

General McNEIL, Cape Girardeau:

Say to General Marmaduke that the agreement between himself [Hidman] and General Blunt is not acknowledged by me as any rule of action. Retain your prisoners therefore until properly exchanged.

J. W. DAVIDSON,Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 19, 1863.

General DAVIDSON:

Your instructions in regard to prisoners have ben complied with. He now proposes the following:

I, R. H. Adams, fully empowered to negotiate for the exchanged of Major Y. H. Blackwell, Captain H. M. Woodsmall and Lieutenants J. N. Edwards and William H. Ferril and such privates as I think proper do hereby propose to exchange Major McConnel for Major Balckwell and Captain Spencer for Captain Woodsmall; and then I propose to exchange Captain Batlett for Lieutenant Edwards and two enlisted men, and Captain Mitchell for Lieutenant Ferrill and two enlisted men.

R. H. ADAMS,

Captain, Jeans' Cavalry Regiment.

Adjutant Cramer who received the flag of truce saw his authority and order of discretion from General Marmaduke. If the exchange he proposes is not according to cartel he will make one that is.

Please answer immediately.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., May 19, 1863.

Colonel J. O. SHELBY,

Commanding First Division of Forces in Arms against United States.

COLONEL: I am instructed by General Davidson to say that he does not acknowledge the agreement between Generals Blunt and Hindman as any rule of action. he instructs me to retain my prisoners until properly exchanged. Inclosed you will find statements of your officers now in hospital in regard to duties of humanity as discharged toward them.

You will accept my grateful acknowledgments for your kindness to and care of our officers who have fallen into your hands.

Under the terms of Captains Spencer's, Mitchell's and Bartlett's parole they will be returned to your custody.

In order to avoid all misapprehension on the part of yourself or of your brother officers in regard to prisoners in my hands I beg to assure you that all proper attention both to the sick and well will be accorded

