
to all such men as the Government of the United States are certain to regard as entitled to belligerent rights. To guerrillas, horse-thieves and every description of outlaws I shall mete out proper justice.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces.

[Inclosure.]

POST HOSPITAL, Cape Girardeau, May 19, 1863.

Colonel J. O. SHELBY, Commanding Missouri Cavalry Division.

COLONEL: We, the wounded officers of your brigade, take pleasure in testifying that our treatment by the Federal authorities here has been kind, gentleman, generous and disinterested. All our wants have been supplied, our wishes gratified, and General McNeil and officers have shown by constant and repeated kindnesses that they have no enmity beyond the hot blood and the excitement of the battle-field and that Confederate prisoners deserve and do receive every attention which courtesy requires.

Three of us at present are unable to be moved as it is impossible for us to walk.

Y. H. BLACKWELL,

Major.

H. M. WOODSMALL,

Captain.

W. H. FERRILL,

Lieutenant.

J. N. EDWARDS,

Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS, Annapolis, Md., May 19, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: Inclosed you will receive a list* of the names of the persons said to have composed the crew of the U. S. tug-boat Fox, who arrived here on the 17th instant with the paroled troops. These men had been prisoners in Richmond and were released on parole. As I did not doubt their having been in the U. S. service and as they were destitute of means I furnished them with transportation to Washington. I have just answered your telegram.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHWEST MISSOURI,

Saint Joseph, Mo., May 19, 1863.

Major J. M. BASSETT.

SIR: You will direct your assistant to arrest the most prominent and influential rebels and sympathizers with the rebellion in their respective districts. The assistant provost-marshal will in every case take testimony upon the following points, viz: 1st. Disloyal conduct previous to July 25, 1862 (the date of the President's proclamation).

---------------

*Nominal list of twenty-one men, including the captain, omitted.

---------------

