
Benton Barracks, will form one of the board unless his duties are such that he cannot, when he will appoint one of his surgeons to act in his place.

By order of Colonel Bonneville, U. S. Army, commanding:

A. J. NEWBY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST ADJUTANT'S OFFICE,

Benton Barracks, Mo., May 22, 1863.

In compliance with the above order the board met at 9 a. m. The order convening the board together with the communication from the commissary-general of prisoners, including the scale of reduced rations, having been read and duly considered the following recommendations were unanimously by the board: The they deem it inexpedient to interfere in any way with the rations of enlisted paroled men; and further the provision of the U. S. Army regulations and of existing orders from the War Department are entirely sufficient for the proper disposal of all the savings of companies and battalions.

Very respectfully submitted.

CHAS. H. FOX,

101st Illinois Infantry, Chairman Board.

P. LUCAS,

114th Illinois Infantry, Recorder.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 20, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.

GENERAL: It is represented by the Confederate agent for exchange of prisoners that a number of officers and men of the rebel army who have been declared exchanged are still held as prisoners of war in the Department of the Gulf, and by direction of the General-in-Chief I have the honor to inform you that General Orders, No. 10, of January 10, and No. 117, of May 9, apply to rebel officers and soldier as well as to our own forces, and I therefore request that if there are any prisoners of war still held whose exchange is covered by either of the above orders they may be delivered beyond our lines as early as practicable. These exchanged include irregular organizations-guerrillas, bushwhackers, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 20, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

The Secretary of War directs that unless specially authorized no Confederate prisoners of war will be released on condition of taking the oath of allegiance.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Generals Dix, Banks and Rosecrans.)

