
Question. Do you know of any person or persons being engaged in gambling in this camp?

Answer. I have seen gambling in this camp but do not know who were engaged in it.

Question. Have you seen the guard attempt to suppress this gambling?

Answer. I have not but heard that they did.

Question. Have you seen any liquor sold in this camp?

Answer. I have seen men giving liquor out of canteens but did not see them take money for it and so could not say that they sold it.

Question. Can you point out any place where liquor has been sold or is sold?

Answer. I cannot.

Statement of William Eckerson, Jr., Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, December 8, 1862.

Question. Do you know of any murders having been committed in or about this camp?

Answer. I do not; only what I have heard others talk. A week ago yesterday I was talking with one of the guard at the post-office just as I returned from church. The guard said he was a Methodist preacher, and in the course of our conversation we talked about murders that had been committed during the past week. He said that there had been six murders committed from one Friday until the next Friday night, and from the conversation I heard I inferred that he had seen some of the dead bodies in the woods. The guard's name was Reed. I have heard others speak of the same subject but could not remember any names.

Question. Do you know of other occurrences of this character?

Answer. I have heard of several murders being committed but can give no correct account of them.

Question. Do you know of any persons that have been engaged in gambling in this camp?

Answer. I have seen a great deal of gambling in this camp but could not mention any names as I do not know the persons.

Question. Did you ever gamble yourself?

Answer. No.

Question. Did you ever see any attempt on the part of the guard to suppress gambling?

Answer. No.

Question. Have you ever seen liquor sold in this camp?

Answer. Yes.

Question. By whom?

Answer. I do not know any names.

Question. Where have you seen liquor sold in this camp?

Answer. In two of the wooden shanties.

Question. Can you give any information that would lead to the apprehension of any of these individuals?

Answer. I can point out the places where liquors has been sold.

Question. Will you give me all the information and assistance in your power?

Answer. I will endeavor to do so.

