
124. Breaking the parole is punished with death when the person breaking the parole is captured again. Accurate lists, therefore, of the paroled persons must be kept by the belligerents.

125. When paroles are given and received there must be an exchange of two written documents in which the name and rank of the paroled individuals are accurately and truthfully stated.

126. Commissioned officers only are allowed to give their paroled and they can give it only with the permission of their superior as long as a superior in rank is within reach.

127. No non-commissioned officer or private can give his parole except through an officer. Individual paroles not given through an officer are not only void but subject the individual giving them to the punishment of death as deserters. The only admissible exception is where individuals properly separated from their commands have suffered long confinement without the possibly of being paroled through an officer.

128. No paroling on the battle-field; no paroling of entire bodies of troops after a battle, and no dismissal of large numbers of prisoners with a general declaration that they are paroled is permitted or of any value.

129. In capitulations for the surrender of strong places or fortified camps the commanding officer in cases of urgent necessity may agree that the troops under his command shall not fight again during the war unless exchanged.

130. The usual pledge given in the parole is not to serve during the existing war unless exchanged. This pledge refers only to the active service in the field against the paroling belligerent or his allies actively engaged in the same war. These cases of breaking the parole are patent acts and can be visited with the punishment of death; but the pledge does not refer to internal service such as recruiting or drilling the recruits, fortifying places not besieged, quelling civil commotions, fighting against belligerents unconnected with the paroling belligerents or to civil or diplomatic service for which the paroled officer may be employed.

131. If the Government does not approve of the parole the paroled officer must return into captivity, and should the enemy refuse to receive him he is free of his parole.

132. A belligerent Government may declare by a general order whether it will allow paroling and on what conditions it will allow it. Such order is communicated to the enemy.

133. No prisoner of war can be forced by the hostile Government to parole himself, and no Government is obliged to parole prisoners of war or to parole all captured officers if it paroles any. As the pledging of the parole is an individual act so is paroling on the other hand an act of choice on the part of the belligerent.

134. The commander of an occupying army may require of the civil officers of the enemy and of its citizens any pledge he may consider necessary for the safety or security of this army and upon their failure to give it he may arrest, confine or detain them.

* * * *

SECTION IX.

Assassination.

148. The law of war does not allow proclaiming either an individual belonging to the hostile army or a citizen or a subject of the hostile

