HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Cape Girardeau, Mo., May 20, 1863.

W. H. Ferrill, a lieutenant in Company F, Gordon's regiment, C. S. Army, captured by the U. S. forces under command of Brigadier General John McNeil, is hereby released from custody upon condition that he will not take up arms against the United States, nor will he disclose nor give any information or knowledge he may have concerning the United States or forces of the same, nor in any manner perform any military service in the Army of the Confederate States until regularly exchanged as a prisoner of war by the proper authorities.

By order of John McNeil, brigadier-general, commanding:

F. L. CRAMER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 20, 1863.

Major JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Provost-Marshal-General, Wheeling, Va.

MAJOR: Your letter of the 14th instant is received. Major-General Schenck has been advised how the several orders in relation to paroles including the cartel are to be understood, and such instructions as he may give will be carried out. Custom has heretofore sanctioned paroling without delivering by it is to be discontinued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, May 20, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

Another detachment of prisoners has arrived here from the West without having been paroled before being sent on. I inform you of it that some one may be held responsible for disobedience of orders.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, May 20, 1863.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: I have received information from some of our prisoners captured at Chancellorsville and lately released which satisfies me that many of them were treated with great inhumanity, and some of them, officers, though worn out with marching and with sore and blistered feet, were brutally threatened with the bayonet if they fell out of the line of march. This information is without doubt correct. I have it from the officers themselves. I shall be glad to receive from you any information or explanation concerning it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Captain Turner for a report.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

