
[Second indorsement.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, May 27, 1863.

Lieutenant JOHN LATOUCHE, Acting Adjutant Military Prison.

SIR: I refer to you a communication addressed by the Federal agent of exchanged of prisoners to Honorable Robert Ould complaining that the Northern prisoners were while on the march to City Point treated with great inhumanity, were brutally threatened with the bayonet, &amp;c. This is the first intimation I have had of any such brutalities (as alleged) being practiced and must believe that they are on a par (as alleged) being practiced and must believe that they are on a par with the slanderous falsehoods usually circulated by Northern prisoners. You were in charge of the batch of prisoners alluded to. You will therefore please report upon the communication referred to above.

Respectfully,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

RICHMOND, May 27, 1863.

Captain T. P. TURNER, Commanding C. S. Military Prison.

SIR: In answer to your communication referring me to a statement of the Federal commissioner dated May 20, 1863, that 'some of the Federal officers were treated brutally ad threatened with the bayonet" on the march to City Point I beg to state that previous to making arrangements for the march to City Point I informed the officers that the distance was thirty-two miles; that they could take their choice either to march down with the men or wait a few days for transportation by rail. The march was by no means rapid, taking thirty-one hours to go thirty-two miles. Our infantry guard did not complain although carrying arms and accounterments. As to any officer being threatened with the bayonet I believe this statement to be utterly false and unfounded in fact, and moreover I do not believe there is a single officer who will certify to such a fact or any intentional unkind treatment from any officer of this post.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN LATOUCHE,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant of Post.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Fifth indorsement.]

FORT MONROE, June 1, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoner.

Major-General Hitchcock desired inquiries to be made about the within-mentioned matter. I am satisfied that the report of Lieutenant Latouche is false and that the inhumanity complained of was practiced.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., May 20, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that another female prisoner, a Miss Mollie Hyde, of Nashville, Tenn., has been sent to this prison

