
"for spying and other misdeeds," to be confined during the war or until released by competent authority. She was sent here by order of General Rosecrans.

I have the honor to be sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commandant of Prison.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Wheeling, Va., May 20, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have been favored with a copy of a late letter from you to

Captain W. C. Thorpe, mustering and disbursing officer at this post,

which includes an indorsement from Colonel J. B. Fry, Provost-Marshal-General. In Captain Thorpe's letter to you he states that I claim to have control of all paroled prisoners, stragglers, &amp;c., arriving here under paragraph III of General Orders, No. 58, War Department. The truth is that I have always done considerable of extra work at this post because no one else attended to it and I certainly shall not interfere with Captain Thorpe in discharging any of his duties. When General Orders, No. 46, February 20, 1863, War Department, reached Major B. H. Hill, Second Artillery, U. S. Army (Captain Thorpe's predecessor), that officer called upon me and requested me to attend to it stating he would write you on the subject. Please refer to my letter of March 7 relating to the same. Captain Thorpe was of course perfectly justified in writing to you to learn if he should carry out instructions of this order. My desire now is simply to explain how I came to make reports required by it. I would prefer that this explanation should go to Colonel Fry in connection with the other papers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Military Commander.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

In the case of Thomas M. Campbell, convicted as a spy, let execution of the sentence be respited until further order from me, he remaining in custody meanwhile.

A. LINCOLN.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Please acknowledge receipt of above telegram and time of delivery.

THOS. T. ECKERT.

NEAR VICKSBURG, MISS., May 21, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER CONFEDERATE FORCES,

Jackson, Raymond, Edwards Station and Intermediate Places:

Captain Durbin, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, goes with supplies for the wounded men of the two armies who from the nature of their wounds would not bear removal after the late engagements near the place named. As soon as practicable I will be pleased to get all the wounded men within our lines, where they can receive care and attention without being a tax upon the communities where they now

