
condition of Camp Douglas by the introduction of the system of sewerage recommended a year ago, and on the 12th instant I again called attention to this subject.

When there are such frequent changes of commanders and medical officers as there have been at Camp Douglas it is almost impossible to have instructions properly carried out. There is no responsibility and before neglects can be traced to any one he is relieved from duty. To remedy these evils in part I have recommended that suitable medical officers be stationed permanently at the Western camps where our own paroled prisoners or prisoners of war may be assembled, and that permanent commanders with reliable guards may be assigned to them.

By a report made to the Surgeon-General some two or three weeks since by the medical inspector at Saint Louis it appears that property steps have been taken to introduce in the prison hospital at Saint Louis all necessary reforms, and at the date of the report it was represented to be in a very satisfactory condition.

To insure a proper administration of the hospital department at camps under my control I have applied to the Surgeon-General for the detail of a surgeon as medical inspector whose special duty it will be to attend to this service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 21, 1863.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE,

Commanding Western District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.

GENERAL: On the 30th ultimo 255 prisoners of war arrived at Baltimore from Louisville en route to City Point without rolls or papers of any kind and it was not till the 4th instant that the rolls were received. In the meantime they were forwarded to City Point. Such omissions cause much embarrassment and I have to request that you will direct that hereafter when prisoners are sent for delivery duplicate parole rolls signed together with necessary orders may be sent with them, and a roll with our paroles to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, May 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW:

Please give me early notice of expected arrivals of prisoners from Richmond and the number.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, May 21, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

I send to City Point to-day prisoners from Washington. No arrivals yet from Fort Delaware. I shall go to City Point to-morrow. All

