
our officers will be delivered, Captain Brownson among the number. He has not been sent. When can you send me replies to the memoranda given to me by Mr. Ould?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS,Near Annapolis, Md., May 21, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to make application if consistent with the good of the service for the permission to retain the band of the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers now at this camp. They were paroled, having been taken at Fredericksburg December 13, 1862. Their instruments were taken from them, and since arriving at this camp new instruments have been purchased by the men composing the band which are private property. These men are privates of the aforesaid regiment. My reasons for wishing to retain them are that they have an immense influence through the medium of the national and other airs played upon the disorganized and undisciplined command I am intrusted with, so much so that its effects are very visible to any one acquainted with the camp before and since their arrival. The bands is used morning and night, at funerals and all arrivals and departures of men of this camp and has a great tendency to keep the men together and from straggling, saving much trouble and annoyance in the absence of a sufficient guard. I would respectfully refer you to Captain Lazelle who expressed himself much in favor of this proposition. I hope it may be compatible with the interests of the service.

Please find inclosed a list* of the musicians.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

ADJUTANT'S OFFICE, Fort Delaware, Del., May 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that all the prisoners of war were sent off yesterday, the 21st instant, for exchange. Triplicate parole rolls are forwarded this day to you.

By order of General Schenck, commanding Middle Department, Captain Baylor will be sent to-day to Harper's Ferry for trial.

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 22, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: The interests of the service require that an officer of higher rank, more experience and one more specially fitted for the position should be detailed to relieve Lieutenant Colonel George Sangster in

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

