
the command of Camp Parole, and I have the honor to request that Colonel J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, be detailed for this duty. Colonel McIntosh is now serving with the Army of the Potomac but I am informed his regiment is so much reduced that his presence may readily be dispensed with. It is very important that an officer of the character and ability which I am assured he possesses should be placed in command of Camp Parole, and I trust he may be assigned to this position without detriment to the service elsewhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, May 22, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Hooker, commanding, to report if Colonel McIntosh can be spared from his command.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

In my judgment the commander of a cavalry regiment in the field should not be detailed for the duty within indicated. Colonel McIntosh has reluctantly been granted a leave of absence by me to attend to what he considered very important personal interests. It was my expectation that he would rejoin this army at the expiration of his leave and I trust he will not be detailed for any duty. It is presumed that his regiment, though now reduced in numbers, will at no distant day be filled up.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 28, 1863.

Detail will not be made.

H. W. H.

FORT MONROE, May 22, 1863.

Major-General HITCHOCK:

I had before the receipt of your telegram called the attention of the Confederate agent to the reported inhuman treatment of our men. I expect a reply* to-morrow when I go to City Point.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

FORT MONROE, May 22, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I would advise that the orders referred to in the last paragraph of your letter of the 20th, and also the Orders, No. 15, of General Schenck,

---------------

*See indorsement on Ludlow to Ould, May 20, p. 683.

---------------

44 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

