
Bowers, judge-advocate. The troops now guarding the prisoners will accompany them as guards to Memphis from where they will immediately return to this place. The prisoners not to be debarked at Memphis but sent immediately on to Island No. 10. Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Bingham, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation. Colonel Lagwo will request Admiral D. D. Porter to furnish a gun-boat to escort the transports conveying prisoners.

* * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 25, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore.

GENERAL: Information has reached this Department this morning that a man named J. H. Warring, who owns a large plantation near the mouth of the Patuxent, has been accustomed to make of his premises a place of rendezvous for harboring rebel officers. He is now confined in the Old Capitol Prison, three rebel officers being taken in his house with a large amount of rebel maills, uniforms, &amp;c. I am also informed that one of your men was killed in the effort to make the arrest. The object of this communication is to instruct you immediately to take military possession of that plantation, to remove the family beyond the U. S. lines and to seize and convert to the use of the Government all the property which may be found on the plantation and to hold the premises for military uses. This order should be executed with diligence and efficiency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 25, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

The Secretary of War directs that the execution of the sentence of John R. Lyle be suspended till further orders. No more Confederate officers will be paroled or exchanged till further orders. They will be kept in close confinement and strongly guarded.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 25, 1863.

General SCHOFIELD:

No Confederate officers will be paroled or exchanged till further orders. They will be kept in close confinement and be strongly guarded. Those already paroled will be confined.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Same to Major-General Rosecrans, Hurlbut (for General Grant), Dix, Foster, Hooker, Schenck, Banks, Hunter and Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners; Major-General Herron, Army of the

