
Frontier; Brigadier-General Davies, District of Rolla; Colonel Lewis Merrill, District of Northeast Missouri; Colonel Chester Harding, Jr., Saint Joseph, District of Northwest Missouri; Brigadier-General Loan, Jefferson City, Mo., District of Central Missouri; Colonel W. F. Cloud, Springfield, District of Southwest Missouri; Major-General Blunt, Leavenworth City, District of Kansas; Colonel J. M. Chivington, District of Colorado, Denver City; Brigadier-General Craig, District of Nebraska, Omaha.)

FORT MONROE, VA., May 25, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Mr. Kirby who has been in prison six months in Richmond is here. If it is your wish to see him please apprise me.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, May 25, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I request that no officers may be sent from Fort McHenry or elsewhere here for confinement. Fort Wool is give up to the engineers. We have nothing but a small guard-house at Fort Monroe and we have no other place except Fort Norfolk, which has always a large number of political prisoners and soldiers under sentence or awaiting trial.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Port Royal, S. C., May 25, 1863.

Admiral S. F. DU PONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Flag-ship Wabash.

ADMIRAL: I have been already so much mortified with regard to the nine prisoners of war, the sons of leading secessionists-Seabrook, &amp;c. -recently captured by the Navy, that I have concluded not to addressed His Excellency the President on the subject.

I must say, however, in view of all the facts and in justice to the officers of my command who have all been condemned to death by the rebel Congress that the delivering up of these aristocrats, the sons of leaders in this rebellion, to be exchanged as ordinary prisoners of war instead of being kept to be hanged for every one of my officers injured would be one of the grossest outrages ever committed on the American people, and I think you will find that the people will so decide.

I hope, Admiral, on a full review of the case you will think with me and will decide at once to turn these prisoners over to me. The recent release of some of our prisoners is only intended by the rebels to induce us to release these pets of the aristocracy; they would then commence their old game and laugh at us for our folly. I am thus earnest feeling conscious if I were not so that all bloodshed this folly would inaugurate would be justly chargeable to me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

