
you have not already comfortable hospitals, kitchens and outhouses have them made immediately and defray the expenses out of this fund. As the fund accrues disburse any not required for the sick in providing all necessary conveniences for your camp and anything necessary for the general good. Farmer's boilers for cooking are much more convenient than camp-kettles and cause a greater saving of fuel. Introduce them as soon as you can. One of forty gallons will cook for 100 men. Two or three camp-kettles may be required in addition to small articles. A horse-power saw-mill for sawing wood for the stoves will be very useful and economical, and I wish you to purchase one when you have funds to spare the purpose. The horse will be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department. Out of the fund pay extra pay to the clerks in your office, not to exceed 40 cents per day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

New Berne, N. C., December 1, 1862.

Major HOFFMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have caused a sanitary inspection to be made of Craven Street Jail and have the honor to transmit Doctor Galloupe's report, to which I would respectfully ask your attention. I would also respectfully represent that the rooms and cells under this building are in the most deplorable condition - cold, damp, foul and utterly unsuitable for the confinement of human beings - and for the sake of humanity I would recommend that the following change be made, viz: That timber and materials be furnished to build a guard-house in the garden adjoining and that the rooms in this building with the exception of this office be fitted up for prisoners. You will notice that the surgeon advises the appointment of a new jailer and in a few days I shall recommend a suitable person; and remain,

Very respectfully, yours,

JONES FRANKLE,

Major, Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

NEW BERNE, November 27, 1862.

Major JONES FRANKLE, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: I have this day made the sanitary inspection of the Craven Street Jail and have the honor to submit the following report:

1. The cells and rooms occupied by the prisoners are in the most disgusting and filthy state, seriously endangering the health and lives of the prisoners; there is apparently no attempt to make the apartments either decent or healthy; no efficient means are provided for heating or ventilation; the prisoners urinate in tubs kept in the rooms; these tubs are saturated with urine and at the time of the inspection were nearly full, giving out an intolerable stench.

2. The clothing, blankets, &amp;c., are damp, filthy and lousy; no pains are taken to sun and air these articles; the men are unwashed and untidy and many of them diseased.

3. Rations provided for the prisoners are of good quality but not properly cooked or served.

