
be carried out in the case of so conspicuous a traitor as Smithson cannot it is believed be questioned.

Respectfully submitted:

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

WASHINGTON, May 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. LUDLOW:

If it is not convenient to hold rebel officers at Fort Monroe send them back to Fort Delaware.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, May 25, 1863.

Major-General MILROY, Winchester:

The following order was received from the War Department to-day:

No Confederate officer will be paroled or exchanged until further orders. They will be kept in close confinement and be strongly guarded. Those already paroled will be confined.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DONN PIATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Brigadier-General Averell, Weston, W. Va. ; Brigadier-General Kelley, Parkesburg, W. Va. ; Brigadier-General Scammon, Charleston, W. Va.)

FORT MONROE, May 25, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I have just returned from City Point and will see you in Washington in a day or two. No parolees will hereafter be acknowledged except such as are strictly in accordance with article 7 of the cartel. I would advise that orders be issued to release on parole no more Confederate officers and men. All captured enlisted rebels can be delivered at Baton Rouge or City Point. All captured rebel officers should be sent to Old Capitol Prison or Fort Delaware to be convenient for disposition. All our captured officers will be sent to Richmond. All future captures will be reduced to possession, except special cases under the direction of the commanding general.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, May 25, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN:

The Confederates threaten to execute two of our officers in retaliation for the two rebels executed at Johnson's Island. I will bring with me to Washington all the correspondence in the case. I would advise the retention of every exchanged. Please notify General Banks as he might otherwise release those he has. The Confederates will keep all of Colonel Streight's officers. I have had just enough Confederate officers to exchange for all our officers except Colonel Streight. Particulars

