HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Fort Monroe, May 25, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you copies* of recent correspondence between Mr. Ould and myself. I hope that my replies will meet your approval.

I am satisfied from close observation that the ground I have taken is one upon which the rebels can be most successfully met.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General Seventh Army Corps.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 27, 1863.

Referred to Major-General Hitchcock.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

ANNAPOLIS, June 1, 18963.

The undersigned returns the accompanying papers transmitted by Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow and respectfully recommends that a letter be addressed to Colonel Ludlow approving the course taken by him in his letters to Mr. Ould as having been rendered necessary by the tenor of Mr. Ould's communications. But it is deemed proper to suggest before any further steps are taken in following out the barbarian practice threatened by the rebel Government that the subject should be laid before the President of the United States who may think it proper to advice with the members of his Cabinet in relation to it.

The practice proposed by the rebel Government is not simply an offense against the laws of war but an outrage upon civilization and humanity and cannot fail to call forth the condemnation of the historian and the execration of mankind. The United States Government is clearly in the right in the execution of the 'spies" even according to the rebel statement of the facts, and it may be possible to reach the authors of the proposed criminal retaliation by a vigorous prosecution of the war.

E. A. HITCHOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, May 25, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Colonel Morehead, Doctor Dixon and other rebel officers have arrived here. I will hold on to them.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, May 25, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON;

I mailed to you this p. m. copy of correspondence with Mr. Ould relative to threatened execution of our officers and other matters.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

---------------

*Omitted here; see correspondence in its proper chronological order.

---------------

