
Colonel McKibbin and myself proceeded under flag of truce to the Confederate cavalry vedettes, when Colonel McK. sent a note to the officer commanding outpost informing him of the object of our visit. We remained there nearly two hours when the officer in command (Colonel Webb, Alabama cavalry) appeared and stated that Mr. Vallandigham would not be received under a flag of truce or in any official manner, but that if he were set beyond our lines and approached those of the Confederate Army to request admittance he would be received and treated as any other citizen.

Feeling that it was necessary to dispose of him within the rebel lines I insisted upon the permission and it was granted to take him within a short distance of their lines where I delivered him to an orderly sent from the rebel lines to receive him. In the presence of Captain Goodwin and myself Mr. Vallandigham delivered himself up as a prisoner stating that he was a citizen of the State of Ohio and the United States of America.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WILES,

Major and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Office of the Provost-Marshal-General, May 25, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Major-General Reynolds, commanding First Army Corps, and whose command captured Lieutenant-Colonel Critcher, states that the prisoner should be retained in custody as long as possible. Colonel Critcher has undoubtedly been detailed to remain on the north side of the Rappahannock to organize bushwhacking parties and to furnish information of our movements to the enemy. One dispatch from him to General Lee was intercepted which led to his captured. There is not sufficient evidence to hold him as a spy but it is requested that every impediment possible be thrown in the way to prevent his exchange for some time to come.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. F. LYTTLE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 118. Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 25, 1863.

By direction of the General-in-Chief all officers of the Confederate Army who are now held as prisoners of war and any who may be hereafter captured will until further orders be placed in close confinement and strongly guarded; none will be paroled or exchanged.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDAR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 26, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Tell General Grant to send captured officers to Sandusky and soldiers up the river for Camp Douglas or Fort Delaware. I will tell you which place to-morrow. Officers and men should be immediately separated.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

