
their homes and families and resume once more the tranquil occupations of peace.

All that will be exacted of those who will honestly do so will be to take the non-combatant's parole and give proper security that they will keep it. So long as they faithfully observe this parole, obey the laws and deport themselves as peaceable citizens they shall not be molested by any officer or soldier belonging to this army.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

JULIUS P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

FLAG-SHIP WABASH, Port Royal Harbor, S. C., May 26, 1863.

Major General D. HUNTER, Commanding Department of the South.

GENERAL: I have read with great pleasure your letter of yesterday. It would have greatly pained me if any misapprehension should have interrupted the cordial relations which have ever marked our official intercourse, holding as we do such important commands on this coast, each of which has its special difficulties, and I am also certain that you would equally have regretted any such circumstances. I inclose a copy of the only letter I have written to the Navy Department on the subject of the prisoners in question. The reply to which dated the 13th instant, received 21st, informs me of the paroling of the officers of the Isaac Smith and directs me to send the prisoners to Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ludlow, at Fortress Monroe. I will continue to hold them on board the Vermont until I can inform the Department of your request to hold them as hostages. And I would respectfully recommend, general, that you follow your first intention of writing to the President or Secretary of War, for as the naval prisoners on this coast including the officers of the Isaac Smith and Flambeau have now been exchanged the Navy Department might have the intention of exchanging these men for naval prisoner in the West or elsewhere.

In the meantime I think their presence on board the Vermont will have all the moral effect you can desire and prevent any attempt on the part of the rebels carrying out what you and I would so quickly resent. You will ever find me ready to co-operate in any duties which may pertain to us in common and especially desire to express my heartfelt sympathy in those delicate circumstances of your command which you have so powerfully and clearly set forth in your interesting communication of last evening.

Perhaps I was not sufficiently particular in explaining to you that I had no other object in reference to the matter of the prisoners than to keep myself technically right with the Navy Department.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

S. F. DU PONT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure.]

FLAG-SHIP WABASH, Port Royal Harbor, S. C., May 5, 1863.

Hon. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I desire to call the attention of the Department to the officers of the Isaac Smith, captured on board of that vessel in Stono River,

