
and who are now prisoners in Columbia jail, S. C., however, a military prison; and also to one of the officers of the Flambeau, Acting Master Sheldon, taken on Bull's Island.

There are at present on board the U. S. steamer Vermont nine prisoners, a sergeant and eight privates, captured on Edisto Island in April last by an armed expedition from the U. S. bark Kingfisher under Acting Master Dutch. Five at least of these prisoners, though only privates, belong to wealthy and influential families, and if the Department cannot effect an exchange for the officers of the Isaac Smith and the Flambeau at the North I might be able should the Department give me authority to effect that exchange here.

As at present advised I do not suppose I have authority either to exchange or parole prisoners without the consent of the Department. On this point I would be pleased to have instructions.

The names of the officers of the Isaac Smith and Flambeau who are now at the military prison, Columbia, so far as I have information, are: Acting, Master Robert Tarr, Acting Ensign W. Chase, Acting Ensign F. J. Brenton, Acting Ensign H. S. Borden, Acting Assistant Paymaster F. C. Hills and Acting Third Assistant Engineer E. Barry, of the U. S. S. Isaac Smith, and Acting Master W. B. Sheldon, of the U. S. S. Flambeau.

The names of the prisoners on the Vermont are: Sergt. Townsend Mikell and Privates R. E. Seabrook, J. J. Wescoat, A. C. Lee, W. S. Murray, W. B. Whaley, H. M. Bailey, Joseph Edings and W. G. Baynard, of the Third South Carolina Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. DU PONT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, Miss., May 26, 1863.

Major General ULYSSES S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Forces.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication under flag of 21st instant.

I am directed by the general commanding the Army of Mississippi to assure you that the sick and wounded Federal officers and soldiers who have fallen or who by the casualties of war may hereafter fall into our hands will receive all the attention we can bestow.

There can be no possible objection to the military authorities of the United States bringing or sending supplies and medicines for their sick and wounded in our possession to outpost where military operations have recently taken place.

I avail myself of this opportunity to state that the friends and relatives of Major J. W. Anderson, the chief of artillery of General Stevenson's division who was wounded in the recent engagement at Baker's Creek, would be grateful for any information respecting him, whether wounded and if a prisoner in your hands.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 26, 1863.

Colonel JOSEPH HOLT, Judge-Advocate-General:

Colonel Mundy, post commander here, has Doctor Cheatham and wife in custody until Mr. Cheatham is able to travel. Please telegram him

