
CINCINNATI, December 11, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

A battle at Nashville seems imminent. I am not yet exchanged. I trust my command will not go into action without me. Can I not be exchanged at once and put under orders?

WM. H. LYTLE,

Colonel Tenth Ohio.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: The exchanged troops at your camp will be ordered to join their respective regiments with as little delay as practicable. Place all belonging to the same army under the senior officer who will conduct them to headquarters and report to the general commanding. Send as complete rolls with them as practicable, each regiment by itself, and furnish cooked rations for the route. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of the General-in-Chief:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 11, 1862.

Major JOSEPH DARR, Jr.,

Provost-Marshal-General, Wheeling, Va.

MAJOR: Your several letters of the 3rd and 4th instant communicating the recommendation of Governor Peirpoint for the release of certain named prisoners are received, and I have to reply that General Orders, No. 193, of November 22, will probably cover all these cases, and it is therefore not necessary at present to present them to the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, VA., December 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: With reference to the Pennsylvania non-combatants captured by General Stuart and whose release you ask in your letter of the 3rd instant* I beg respectfully to state that they were captured and are now held only in retaliation for captures of non-combatant citizens of the Confederate States. As soon as your Government releases the non-combatants of the Confederate States now held by you and agrees to abandon the policy of making such captures in the future; or in other words as soon as your Government agrees substantially to the

---------------

*See p. 20.

---------------

