
WAR DEPARTMENT, May 26, 1863.

G. D. SHELDON, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Address and forward copy of General Halleck's telegram of 25th in relation to paroling Confederate officers to General Hunter, Department of the South, Port Royal, by first conveyance.

T. T. ECKERT,

Major and Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 65. Memphis, Tenn., May 26, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

VIII. An entire year of occupation of this city by the United States has given abundant opportunity for all persons to make their deliberate election of the sovereignty to which they owe their allegiance. The so-called Confederate Congres by acts passed at an early period of the rebellion ordered peremptorily form the limits of the revolted States those true citizens who adhered to the country of their fathers. The same sentence will be pronounced after one year's patient waiting upon all who while denying their allegiance to the United States yet have found protection beneath its flag. These persons will be sent where their affections are.

IX. Giving aid and comfort to the public enemy is punishable with death and the leniency with which such persons have been treated must cease. Any person who shall hereafter offer insult by word or act to the United States or who shall express sympathy with the enemy or satisfaction at any imagined or real success of the Confederate arms will be arrested at once and severely punished.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, May 27, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

Let the execution of William B. Compton be respited or suspended till further orders from me, holding him in safe custody meanwhile. On receiving this notify me.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., May 27, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: I have the honor to request that orders may be issued to the Secretary of the Navy to cause to be turned over to me by Admiral S. F. Du Point nine prisoners of war captured by an expedition from the U. S. bark Kingfisher on Edisto Island, S. C., and now held on board the U. S. S. Vermont, to be held by me as hostages against the execution of the retaliation resolutions passed by the late rebel Congress. Five of these nine prisoners are known to be the sons of some of the

