
urge that all prisoners captured in this department whether by the Army of Navy shall be retained as hostages for the safety of the officers and troops under my command if captured by the enemy; the alleged act of the rebel Congress not declaring outlaws the officers of the Navy inasmuch as colored men in the Navy so far as I have any knowledge are not armed but are merely used as boat's crews and other laboring duties. On this point it is possible that I may be misinformed, but if so the retaliation resolutions will then apply to the Navy as well as to the Army and will furnish an additional reason why these prisoners should not be exchanged, paroled or discharged from custody in this department.

Five at least of these prisoners as Admiral Du Point has doubtless informed you are the sons of some of the wealthiest and most influential rebels on the Sea Islands - Seabrook, Edings, Baynard, &amp;c.

With reference to the status of the others we have no positive information but from their association with the sons of those who owned the Sea Islands it may be fairly inferred that they are of families from which it may prove of importance to hold hostages.

At my earnest request Admiral Du Point has agreed to hold them until your further instructions shall have been received.

I have the honor to be, sir, with the highest respect, your very obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., May 27, 1863.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a check for $36, the amount of the claim presented through the Department of State by M. M. Kimmey, U. S. consul at Monterey, Mexico, for money paid by him for the relief of destitute soldiers of the U. S. Army who having been taken prisoners of war in Texas made their escape from San Antonio and returned to the United States through Monterey. This money is advanced out of prisoners' fund in my possession. The account with the vouchers is retained in this office with a view to having the amount refunded out of allowances for commutation of rations about to be paid the parties concerned. I have the honor herewith the other papers submitted by the honorable Secretary of State through whom it would probably to forward the checks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., May 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON, Commanding, Columbus, Ohio.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 21st instant and in reply beg to inform you that instructions have been given to generals commanding departments in relation to

