HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, May 29, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,President of the United States:

A messenger from Governor Morton came to me this morning in reference to the arrest by the military authorities of a citizen of Indiana. I understood from him that my action in the administration of affairs in this department was not approved by a single member of your Cabinet. This taken in connection with your dispatch to me several days ago approving of my course convinces me that my action here has been a source of embarrassment to you. My views as to the proper policy to be pursued in this department are only changed in the belief that the present policy should be increased in rigor. You know my views upon the subject of command and you must not allow me to stand in the way of the carrying of any general policy which you may choose to adopt, and I should be glad to be relieved if the interest of the public service requires it but at the same time I am willing to remain and assume the responsibility of carrying out the policy which has been inaugurated if it is approved.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 29, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Your dispatch of to-day received. When I shall wish to supersede you I will let you know. All the Cabinet regretted the necessity of arresting for instance Vallandigham - some perhaps doubting that there was a real necessity for it, but being done all are for seeing you through with it.

A. LINCOLN.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 29, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Forty-five hundred prisoners from Vicksburg have arrived this morning. Where shall I send them? General Grant has called for all spare infantry from this corps and I can scarcely furnish more than transportation guard by river and obey his late order.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., May 29, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Copy of the following telegram is respectfully furnished for your information:

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 29, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

The officers will be sent to Sandusky, and half to the men to Indianapolis and the other half to Fort Delaware, Del.

W. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief.

[W. H. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.]

