
RICHMOND, VA., May 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: The names of several Confederate officers including that of Colonel Morehead who were long since declared exchanged under our agreements appear upon one of your recent rolls. These officers were not delivered to us. I understand they are detained at or near Old Point. Are these officers to be delivered to us or not? One of them is a Confederate surgeon, Doctor Read. Do you intend to retain surgeons?

There is not a single Federal officer in our custody who has been declared exchanged unless it may be Rucker and for him you hold Doctor Green. On what pretense are these officers held? I will be obliged to you if you will inform me what course you intend to pursue in reference to such cases.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

BALTIMORE, MD., May 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

Captain Baylor, rebel army, will be placed in close confinement according to orders.

By order:

W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 30, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

There are 600 men of Willich's brigade, 200 from Thirty-ninth Indiana alone, loafing around Indianapolis and Cincinnati. Please issue general orders releasing all paroled soldiers belonging to this army.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE, Saint Louis, Mo., May 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. V. COLBURN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: I have the honor to invite the attention of the general commanding to what I deem the unauthorized and improper expenditure of the "prison fund" at the military prisons in this city. I find upon the examination of the accounts that shovels, spades, blankets, handcuffs, leg irons, padlocks, hammers, planes, window guards, iron doors, &amp;c., are charged to this fund and the accounts have been paid. This fund arises from savings of rations and is intended to be expended for the health and comfort of the prisoners and not for articles which should be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

