
[Indorsement.]

Giver orders to correct this error.

J. M. S.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Fort Monroe, May 30, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the following officers and men have been declared duty exchanged as prisoners of war since the announcement in General Orders, No. 117, of May 9, 1863:

1. All officers, naval and military, delivered at City Point up to May 30, 1863.

2. All the officers and men of the steamers Hatteras, Mercedita, Queen of the West Harriet Lane, Isaac Smith, Columbia, Indianola and schooner Vassar.

3. All the officers and enlisted men captured and paroled at Holly Springs, Miss., in December, 1862.

4. All the officers and enlisted men of the Seventy-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers captured at Muldraught's Hill, Ky., in December, 1862.

5. All the officers and enlisted men of the Ninety-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers captured at Elizabethtown, Ky., in December, 1862.

6. All the officers and enlisted men captured at Mount Sterling, Ky., March, 1863.

7. All the officers and enlisted men of the Fifty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, of the Seventy-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers, of the Third Regiment Ohio Volunteers, of the Eightieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers and of the First Tennessee Cavalry, forming part of Streight's brigade and captured near Cedar Bluff, Ga., about the 1st of May, 1863.

8. All persons specially exchanged and who have been specially notified of such exchange either individually or through their commanding officer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

(Copy to the Secretary of the Navy.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 31, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

All exchanged prisoners have been ordered to their regiments. Paroled prisoners cannot be released and ordered to their regiments till exchanged.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 31, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received. I had already given the order several days ago but the commissary-general of prisoners held the men until they

46 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

