
CITY POINT, May 31, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I call your attention again to a matter of which I often heretofore complained. By to-day's arrival you have sent several citizens as prisoners of war and several discharged soldiers as also prisoners of war.

One of the men T. H. Moreland, is put down as belonging to the First Kentucky Cavalry who never was in our service in any sort of capacity in his life; who never was in the field and not even a guerrilla or bushwhackers. Captain Mulford heard his statement. He says he was compelled to sign a parole at Louisville as a member of the First Kentucky Cavalry under a threat if he did not so do he would be put in prison with ball and chain during the war. He protested against it in the hearing of more than fifty men who were here this very day. There are four or five other cases of exactly the same sort in your roll delivered to me this day.

The memoranda are made on your roll. It this to be allowed?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, June 1, 1863.

Colonel LUDLOW, Fort Monroe:

Richardson and Browne, correspondents of the Tribune captured at Vicksburg, are detained at Richmond. Please ascertain why they are detained and get them off if you can.

A. LINCOLN.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 1, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your telegram is received. Everything will be done that can be done to obtain the release of the parties named.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 1, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio.

GENERAL: The President replied briefly to your telegram of the 29th of May, and upon consultation in regard to the subject it refers to he desires me to say that his attention has been directed to various orders and letters made by Brigadier-General Hascall, commanding in the State of Indiana, some of which are herewith inclosed, and to submit to your consideration whether it would not be better to withdraw General Hascall from that command. * Whatever dissatisfaction there may exist in the State of Indiana or in other States north of

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXVIII, Part II. p. 369, for Morton to Stanton and Davis to Stanton recommending the removal of Hascall.

---------------

