
be binding except such as were given under the stipulations of the seventh article of the cartel.

Respectfully returned:

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Cairo, Ill., June 1, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding:

Four boats have this day arrived from Memphis with 4,400 prisoners of war of whom 180 are officers. General Hurlbut's order to me is to send the mall by rail to Indianapolis, at which place half of the enlisted men are to be confined, the other half sent to Fort Delaware and all the officers to Sandusky. The Illinois Central Railroad will transport all the prisoners to Indianapolis without change of cars. They are under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, Twenty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, with 400 men for guard. I shall provide attendance for the prisoners who are to sick to bear removal. The whole will be sent forward in four trains, two to-day and two to-morrow. I telegraph you to-day, also the commanding officer at Indianapolis, but write more fully.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 1, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the following officers and enlisted men, prisoners of war, have been declared exchanged, viz:

1. All officers delivered at City Point on the 14th, 23rd and 25th May, 1863. 2. Enlisted men captured near Holly Springs, Miss., December 20, 1862. 3. Ninety-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers, captured at Bacon Creek and Nolin, Ky., December 26, 1862; Elizabethtown, Ky., December 27, 1862, and Muldraught's Hill, Ky., December 28, 1862. 4. Seventy-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, captured at Muldraugh's Hill, Ky., December 28, 1862. 5. Enlisted men captured at Mount Sterling, Ky., 22nd and 23rd March, 1863. 6. Fifty-first and Seventy-third Regiments Indiana Volunteers, Third Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Eightieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, and two companies First Tennessee cavalry, of Streigth's brigade, captured near Cedar Bluff, Ga.

Generally the officers exchanged belong to troops still on parole, who are now at Camp Parole or the Convalescent Camp, and it will be necessary to detain a portion of them at these camps to take charge of their men. As soon as I am informed of the number of paroled men of each regiment present I will be able to designate those who may be ordered to duty it the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, June 1, 1863.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Please answer my questions about prisoners at Washington. The flag-of-truce boat has just returned from City Point and can go to

