
WHEELING, VA., June 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: On the 21st ultimo I had the honor to submit the case of Rev. Daniel O'Connor, late Catholic priest at Weston, Va., sent here as a prisoner by order of Brigadier-General Roberts. Mr. O'Connor has solicited to-day an early decision regarding himself. As he does not hesitate to follow in the footsteps of his bishop and declares his sympathy with the rebels while claiming that he is not an American citizen, I respectfully suggest that he be ordered to leave this State, and if possible that he be directed to leave the United States. He has relatives in Canada.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, Jr.,

Major and Military Commander.

SAINT LOUIS, June 1,[1863.]

His Excellency H. R. GAMBLE, Governor of Missouri.

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date concerning the case of Mrs. Polk in her being sent through our lines. I fully appreciate the service which it would be to Mrs. Polk to be sent toward Little Rock, and spoke to Major-General Schofield on the subject in reference to Mrs. Polk and others who desire to go to the Rock instead of being sent east of the river, but it was deemed inexpedient to take that course for the reason among others that it would be unsafe in a military point of view to permit these persons to remain on our immediate border, and because Vicksburg falling in a short time we should find Arkansas itself within our lines. I think Your Excellency will when looking upon this question in this night agree with this decision, for at this time above all others it is desirable that the military commanders in Arkansas should not be possessed of such information as Mrs. Polk and others of her intelligence and means of observation would be able to communicate.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Captain and Provost-Marshal-General.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, June 1, 1863.

Captain W. T. HARTZ, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: The number of prisoners of war now at Old Capitol Prison is 185.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. WOOD,

Superintendent Old Capitol Prison.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, New Orleans, June 2, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding Dept. of Virginia.

GENERAL: There will be sent by the steamer Cahawba, in charge of Colonel Wilson, Sixth New York Volunteers, forty-six Confederate

