
officers, prisoners of war, to be landed at Fort Monroe. The rebel leaders at Richmond have excepted from exchange such U. S. officers serving in this department as may be captured by their forces and they propose to turn them over to the authorities of the rebel States for execution.

I respectfully suggest that the rebel officers now sent may be held until the final determination of the rebels in respect to officers of the United States captured in this department shall have been ascertained.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES BOWEN,

Brigadier-General, Provost-Marshal-General.

Four Confederate officers have just arrived and I have orders to send them, which will make a total of fifty.

C. W. KILLBORN,

Provost-Marsha New Orleans.
HEADQUARTERS, New Orleans, June 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel VAN BUREN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe.

COLONEL: Since directing General Cassidy to take these prisoners to New York I have received orders to send them to Fort Monroe. There are forty-six of them, all officers of the Confederate service captured in this department, and duplicate rolls are inclosed herewith. I suppose they will not be and should not be exchanged until the decree issued by the Confederate authorities is revoked which directs all Federal officers captured in this department to be retained.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Roll of commissioned officers captured in the Department of the Gulf, at New Orleans, sent to Fort Monroe.

Captain J. J. Atkinson, gun-boat Hart; Lieutenant Samuel Alston, Crescent Regiment; Lieutenant W. H. Andrews, First Alabama Regiment; Lieutenant T. N. Brown, Lee Battery; Lieutenant B. F. Broyles, Seventh Texas Cavalry; Lieutenant A. Brugnions, Crescent Regiment; Lieutenant E. A. Carmouche, Fourth Louisiana Volunteers; Captain D. T. Crath [?], General Beauregard's staff; Lieutenant C. L. Camford, Eleventh Louisiana Cavalry; Lieutenant J. Dubecq, gun-boat Diana; Lieutenant D. N. Estes, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry [Battalion]; Captain G. L. Fusilier, General Taylor's staff; Captain E. W. Fuller, Queen of the West; Lieutenant H. L. Fisk, Beauregard Regiment; Captain J. Gieseck, Fourth Texas Cavalry; Lieutenant Charles Gilbeau, Thirtieth Louisiana Volunteers; Captain E. Holmes, Crescent Regiment; Captain G. W. Holloway, Eleventh Louisiana Battalion; Lieutenant J. Hinson, Milees Legion; Lieutenant D. M. C. Hughes, Miles Legion; Lieutenant R. S. Jackson, Eighth Louisiana Volunteers; Lieutenant W. G. Jeter, Fourth Louisiana Volunteers; Lieutenant J. D. Kirkland, Ninth Louisiana Battalion; Lieutenant Samuel W. Kelsey, Tenth Arkansas Regiment; Captain J. H. Long,

