
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 67. May 26, 1863.

A general order lately issued by General Schenck, commanding U. S. forces in the Department of Maryland (General Orders, No. 21, Middle Department, March 29, 1863), directs that any officer or soldier of the Confederate States who shall be found within his lines or otherwise wearing any article of clothing or accouterments belonging to the uniform of the U. S. Army shall be dealt with as a spy. And further that proof of the possession and wearing of such uniform by any commissioned officer or soldier shall be taken as sufficient evidence in itself of his character as a spy.

It is hereby declared that articles of clothing and accouterments are legitimate objects of capture under the rules of war and may be used by the captors at their pleasure for the equipment of their troops and that steps will be taken to repress any attempt to treat as spies or punish in any manner officers or soldiers of the Confederacy who may be captured an condemned by the enemy solely on account of their possessing or wearing clothing or accouterments which formerly belonged to the officers, soldiers or Government of the United States.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Winchester, Va., June 6, 1863.

The within order was received this day by flag of truce and is respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding Eighth Army Corps.

R. H. MILROY,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 2, 1863.

Hon. G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I am required by Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, commissioner [agent] for exchange of prisoners, to inform you that by an error of the copyist the word "officers" was inserted in the seventh section of the declaration of exchanges dated May 30, a copy of which he furnished to you. None but enlisted men are exchanged by that section.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel S. McKELVY,

Commanding Convalescent Camp, Va.

COLONEL: Please notify paroled officers at your camp that all officers delivered at City Point up to May 30, 1863, have been declared

