
exchanged, and as soon as I have your report of the paroled men at the camp all officers whose services are not required with them will be ordered to join their regiments immediately. It appears on comparing your rolls of officials arrived from Camp Parole with the roll of officers ordered to report to you by Colonel Sangster that the following-named had failed to obey the order, viz: F. D. Sloat, captain Company A, Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers; O. Eschrich, captain Company K, Twenty-second Connecticut Volunteers; H. L. Morey, captain Company G, Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers; Samuel Surburg, captain Company K, One hundred and seventh Ohio Volunteers; Frank M. Chapman, first lieutenant Company A, Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers; Hiram Van Buren, first lieutenant Company H, Forty-third New York Volunteers. Captain R. C. Hopkins had a leave of absence for ten days commencing on the 27th instant. Please call on Captain M. Esembaux, Fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, who was in charge of explain why these officers failed to join as ordered.

Leaves of absence to officers or furloughs to enlisted men (paroled) are only granted by the Secretary of War on my recommendation and therefore applications should not be sent unless in very extreme cases. It is not necessary to send bank furloughs for when a furlough is granted the necessary papers are issued from the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Vicksburg, Miss., June 2, 1863.

Brigadier General P. J. OSTERHAUS,Big Black River Railroad Bridge.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of this date and am sorry that the ambulance train could not go out to the hospitals. An assistant surgeon left in the hospital will hand you this and can give you fourth information in relation to the hospitals and wounded.

This surgeon says that it has been informally agreed not to molest ambulances. We have allowed theirs to come in for their wounded at Edwards Station and they have promised not to molest ours.

The general commanding desires you to try this under a small train or send a train under a flag of truce. Talk with the bearer and act as wisdom and exigencies may approve and require. But if possible get the wounded able to travel away and send them North.

Your most obedient servant,

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, June 2, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

The steamer United States put in here in distress. She has fifty-five paroled prisoners belonging to Western States. The vessel is bound to Boston. Commanding officers here will give no orders in regard to the prisoners. What shall be done with them? Answer.

STEWARD VAN VLIET.

