
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 3, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding at Saint Louis:

In the month of January last the President directed the release of William P. Dixon, held in military custody. Whether this order failed to reach its destination or has been overlooked information has been received that Mr. Dixon in still in custody. If this be so you will please discharge him from custody. Please report.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, New Berne, June 3, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram* of the 25th of May concerning Confederate prisoners and beg leave to inform you that no prisoners of war have been paroled here for some time; those taken in this department have been sent to Colonel Ludlow, Fortress Monroe, for exchange. The last lot, numbering about 300 taken at Gum Swamp and on previous expeditions, were sent to Colonel Ludlow ten days since.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 3, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the following declaration of exchanges of prisoners of war was made on the 30th ultimo, viz: +

Some of the officers now at Camp Parole near Annapolis and the Convalescent Camp near this city belonging to regiments or companies of which the men are not yet exchanged will remain on duty with their men. The remainder will be ordered to join their respective regiments.

There regiments of Streigth's brigade - Third Ohio, Fifty-first and Seventy-third Indiana, Eightieth Illinois, and two companies First [Middle] Tennessee Cavalry - now at Camp Chase and Camp Morton, have been exchanged with a view to serve as guards at those camps till their officers who are now held as prisoners at Richmond join them. The Eightieth Illinois was improperly sent to Camp Chase. Benton Barracks is its proper station and they should be sent there unless you have occasion for their services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to Major General J. M. Schofield, Saint Louis, Mo., with the exception of the last paragraph.)

---------------

*See p. 696.

+Schedule omitted here; see Ludlow to Thomas, May 30, p. 721.

---------------

