
if you can obtain the names of all such cases as early as practicable. The guide or scout, J. Harvey Sherman, who was said to have been captured near Winchester and hung by some of Mosby's Rangers it appears is confined in Castle Thunder. Please make some inquiries about him and if you can make some arrangement for his exchange. I mentioned to you that there were eight men of Ohio regiments who were captured near Chattanooga imprisoned at Atlanta and from there made their escape. They are of the party which were sent on a railroad expedition by General Mitchel, some of whom were executed as spies. It is desirable that these eight men should be exchanged to prevent in case of recapture their being liable to trial as spies, and I request you will make some arrangement to accomplish this. Please send me Mr. Ould's declaration of exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Fort Monroe, Va., June 3, 1863.

Hon. ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: Will you please furnish me will a copy of the act of the Confederate Congress* which you promised me and which directs some certain disposition of our captured officers commanding negro troops and also of the troops themselves? Will you also please inform me if it be the intention of your authorities to execute this act?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Fort Monroe, June 3, 1863.

Hon. ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: You informed me at our last interview that you were instructed not to deliver any of the officers of Colonel Streight's command captured at or near Cedar Bluff, Ala., about the 1st of May last.

I now make a formal demand for them under the cartel and tender to you their equivalents in your own officers now in our hands. If this demand and tender be refused please state the reasons therefor frankly that the issue presented may be fully understood and promptly met.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., June 3, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a return+ of prisoners of war in confinement in this prison for the month of May, 1863, with rolls+ in explanation of alterations and changes during the month. The officers and privates reported as having escaped are supposed to

---------------

*See p. 940.

+Omitted.

---------------

47 R-SERIES II, VOL V

