
speech which they give up so entirely. The citizen would be unjust to the soldier as well as unfaithful to his country if while enjoying the comforts of home he were unwilling to give up a portion of a privilege which the soldier resigns altogether. That freedom of discussion and criticism which is proper in the politician and journalist in time of peace become rank treason when it tends to weaken the confidence of the soldier in his officers and his Government. When this insidious treason striking at the very root of that military power which is for the time being the country's protection makes its appearance it is the bounden duty of the commanding general to expel it from his lines with a heavier hand than he would drive from his camp the villain who would scatter a material poison that would enervate and decimate his soldiers. The general commanding desires to again call thee officers, provost-marshal and others in authority to the necessity of great are in the making of arrests which should in all instances be founded upon full affidavits sustaining distinct charges, except when the exigencies of the case demand instant action. Carelessness in this respect is only less censurable than negligence in the detection and punishment of crime.

With the exercise of scrupulous care and sound discretion on the part of officers, and a candid consideration on the part of all citizens of the relations of the people and the Army to each other as above set forth, the general commanding is full of hope that mutual co-operation in putting down the rebellion will become more hearty and effective, the necessity for arrests will be diminished, and the tendency to factious opposition to the Government and hurtful criticism of its measures be removed.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR VICKSBURG, MISS., June 4, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER CONFEDERATE FORCES, Near Edwards Station, Miss.:

I send Assistant Surgeon Darrow, of the Federal Army, in charge of ambulances and supplies for the wounded soldiers left near that place. I would be pleased to send and get all of my wounded at Baker's Creek, Raymond and Jackson so that they maybe sent to Northern hospitals for care. Will you please communicate this desire to the general commanding department with the request that he will inform me how wounded men may be recovered?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 4, 1863.

Colonel B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Commanding Benton Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th ultimo covering the proceedings of a board of officers which was ordered by you to take into consideration certain instructions from this office in relation to a camp fund. My letter of instruction of the 13th ultimo was by authority of the Secretary of War, and it was not

