
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 18763.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the transport United States on which I embarked at New Orleans in charge of certain Choctaw Indians, prisoners of war, bound to Boston having been riven by stress of weather into the harbor of New York the prisoners were landed at Fort Columbus. By direction of the commander-in-chief I report to you for further orders in relation to the disposal of the prisoners. The within is a copy of the orders under which I sailed form New Orleans.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. NOTT,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, New Orleans, May 19, 1863.

Captain NOTT:

You will take charge of the Choctaw Indians, prisoners of war, now at Algiers and proceed by steamer United States to Boston. When you shall have placed the prisoners in safe custody there you will report to the Provost-Marshal-General in Washington and receive his orders in respect to the further disposition of the prisoners. Captain Killborn, provost-marshal, is charged with preparing the proper papers of the names of the prisoners and the battalion in the rebel service to which they are attached.

JAMES BOWEN,

Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: We are informed by Captain Brown, of the Indianola, that the Confederates hold as prisoners some seven or eight men of the Kansas Seventh Regiment; that they do not recognize them as prisoners of war but as jayhawkers; that every possible cruelty is practiced against them; that they are kept heavily ironed and are threatened with hanging.

We call your attention to the subject and earnestly pray you take such retaliatory steps as the outrage demands. The only cause which can be urged for the outrage is that Kansas soldiers have their heart in this war and pursued a course to crush it out. Captain Brown is in the city and can give you all the particulars.

Yours,

J. H. LANE,

U. S. Senator.

A. C. WILDER,

Member of Congress.

T. A. OSBRON,

Lieutenant-Governor of Kansas.

[First indorsement.]

FORT MONROE, June 17, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Hon. Robert Ould, agent for exchange of prisoners.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

