
[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow. Where are these men? What are their names? I think the fact will show that Captain Brown is mistaken. If you will furnish me with a starting point (the place of alleged confinement) I will find out the facts and have justice done. You will find out I have no doubt that Captain Brown's information is based on rumor only. I do not believe a U. S. soldier is in irons in our Confederacy.

RO. OLD,

Agent of Exchange.

SAINT LOUIS, June 5, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The records of the provost-marshal's office show that William P. Dixon was by order of the President on the 29th of January released on oath and bond and to remain in Iowa north of Burlington during the rebellion. Is it your pleasure that these restrictions be removed?

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 5, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I would respectfully suggest the following as the concluding paragraph of the order announcing recent exchanges:

The paroled officers and men herein declared exchanged will without delay to forwarded to the commands to which they belong from the camps at which they have been assembled except such officers belonging to companies not yet exchanged as the commissary-general of prisoners may think necessary to retain to take charge of their own men. Exchanged officers and men absent on leave will at the expiration of their leaves join their respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 5, 1863.

Captain H. B. TODD, Provost-Marshal, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN: It is very desirable that the two female prisoners, Mrs. and Miss Thomas, at the Old Capitol, Mr. Thomas Popper, a political prisoner on parole in this city, and Rev. Benneett Smedes, a political prisoner on parole in Baltimore, should be forwarded for exchanged, and I have therefore to request that you will send these prisoners under a suitable officer via Baltimore to Fort Monroe there to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners. Mr. Smedes' address is 134 Biddle street, Baltimore. Please give him notice by telegram. Send rolls with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

