
Mr. Colburn was released because Mr. Barr, a correspondent of the Grenada Appeal, was held by your authorities for one of the three correspondents and it came within the rule of our 'sovereign will and pleasure" to release him.

Moreover if I had been disposed to ignore Mr. Colburn it would have given me a great deal of trouble to make a selection between the Tribune's correspondents.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., June 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM H. LUDLOW, Agent of Exchange.

SIR: I have been very much gratified by your two letters informing me that the orders for the execution of W. B. Compton and John R. Lyle have been suspended. If your own personal influence has been exercised in this matter, as I believe it has, allow me to express my deep personal gratification that you have so used it.

Nothing is nearer to my heart than to prevent on either side a resort to retaliation. Even if made necessary by the course of events it is much to be deplored. These are not only my own personal views but those of my Government. I believe that all of its acts will show it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., June 5, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of an order issued by General Schofield, commanding Department of the Missouri, on the 1st instant, in relation to the prison fund in this department.

This order was handed to me this morning by Captain Rutherford, commissary of subsistence at this station, and as it conflicts in some respects with instructions previously received from you upon which I have therefore acted I have thought it proper to send you this order and to ask how far I am to be governed by it in the future management of the prison fund. The quartermaster of the post - there is no such officer for the prison - is not subject to my orders; I can therefore only request him to do what I might under other circumstances direct.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

T. HENDERICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 147. Saint Louis, June 1, 1863.

X. * * * Hereafter the prison fund arising from the savings of rations of the military prisons in this department will in no case be expended except for the "health and comfort" of the prisoners, and will in no case be used for the purchase of articles that can be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

