
SAINT LOUIS, June 5, 1863.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN, Aide-de-Camp.

COLONEL: There is confined to your charge under special orders herewith delivered a detachment of prisoners of war (officers) to be transferred hence to City Point, Va., for exchange. The prisoners are all paroled here and have signed duplicate rolls. Transportation is furnished to Baltimore for prisoners by railroad. From Baltimore you will proceed by steam-boat to Fortress Monroe (making requisition on the quartermaster at Baltimore for transportation) where Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, U. S. Army, has his headquarters, and report to him the arrival of prisoners and for further orders. Colonel Ludlow may see fit to send you on to City Point. You will act under his orders in the matter of these prisoners, and on being relieved by him and on returning hitherward will report to Colonel William Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners, at Washington, the delivery of the prisoners and whatever else of interest may have occurred on the route. There have been incidents during the passage of other detachments which Colonel Hoffman has been made acquainted with, and I desire him to know how these prisoners are treated along the road and how they conduct themselves.

You will take particular care that no person is allowed to hold communication with the prisoners by the way, and the prisoners will not be permitted to go to eating or drinking houses. Sufficient rations for the prisoners will be taken with them, and it will not be necessary for them to quit the cars except for special purposes. If there should be found on the way any persons who at the stopping places manifest strong sympathy with the prisoners I recommend that you take such persons under your custody, carrying them along as proper persons to be included with your prisoners, and report them specially to Colonel Ludlow and the circumstances to Colonel Hoffman. Many of these prisoners have money. This will be delivered to you here in separate envelopes, with the name of the prisoner and the amount written on the outside and a list of names and amount. You will give receipts to the quartermaster at this office on a duplicate list. You will deliver this money to the prisoners at City Point or elsewhere as directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow. You will notify the quartermaster at Baltimore by telegraph of the probable time of your arrival there so that he may have transportation by steam-boat ready and also rations, if you find those taken from here will not be sufficient. Duplicate signed parole rolls of the prisoners (eighteen in number) will be delivered to you here. These you will take with you and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWITH,

Captain and Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Harper's Ferry:

A gang of spies from Richmond among whom is Captain Alexander, provost-marshal of that place, have been in Washington but may have left last night or may leave here to-day or to-night. One or more will be in disguise of the U. S. uniform, that being a common trick, and

