
others as citizens. They expect to cross our lines at Point of Rocks, Berlin or Harper's Ferry. Every person not well known that arrives at either point by train or carriage for the next forty-eight hours should be arrested and examined. Alexander or some one of them has plans of the forts around Washington. They say that Colonel Schley of your command is in with them and will pass them; also that they have an understanding with Captains Means and Marshal who will help them. No effort should be spared to arrest this gang and get their papers. I have telegraphed Colonel Fish, provost-marshal at Baltimore, but rely greatly on your vigilance and activity for their arrest. Please acknowledge this. No communication should be made to Colonel Schley until a further investigation in respect to him can be had.

EDWINN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 6, 1863.

Colonel A. B. JEWETT, Commanding at Poolesville:

Some rebel spies who have been in Washington within the last few days will attempt to-day, to-night or to-morrow to cross our lines escape. Watch Edwards Ferry closely; arrest and examine and search every stranger; detain them and make immediate report unless they are well known. Much may depend on your vigilance in preventing their escape through our lines. Acknowledge the receipt of this.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

POOLESVILLE, MD., June 6, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your telegram is received. Every effort will be made to arrest the spies.

Respectfully,

A. B. JEWETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 6, 1863.

Colonel FISH, Provost-Marshal, Baltimore:

Captain Alexander, provost-marshal of Richmond, and three perhaps four other rebel spies, some in the military service, are or were yesterday in Washington and design leaving here for Richmond or Culpeper to-day or to-night. They will probably go by Point of Rocks, Berlin or Harper's Ferry, probably Berlin. Their plan last night was to take the train for Harper's Ferry at the Relay House, going from here either in a carriage or by train as might be most prudent. One or more of them will be disguised in the U. S. uniform as officers or privates. Alexander has a large amount of Confederate money and plans of the forts around Washington and other valuable papers. He will be disguised. Some officer at Berlin or Harper's Ferry is treacherous and acting with them. They say that Colonel Schley is the man, and also that Captains Means and Marsh will pass them.

