
Those able to move about must wear a badge and be furnished with a certificate signed by me, which they must hold in readiness to produce when called upon. The propriety of these regulations will at once occur to you. Should you desire anything more explicit I should be pleased to see you at my quarters.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Proceedings of a board which met at Saint Louis, Mo., December 12, 1862, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 16, paragraph III, dated at Headquarters District of Missouri, Saint Louis, December 10, 1862, of which the following is a true copy:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, No. 16. Saint Louis, Mo., December 10, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

III. A board of officers is hereby appointed for the following purposes:

1. To inquire into the necessity of having additional prison accommodations for the prisoners now at the Gratiot and Myrte Street Prisons, and whether provision should be made for others who may be sent to this city for confinement.

2. In case additional accommodations are found to be necessary to select a suitable during for the purpose, fix the compensation which should be made for such building and state what will be the probable amount of other expenses connected with its occupation.

Detail for the board. - Colonel S. A. Rice, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry Volunteers; Major L. D. Hubbard, Third Illinois Cavalry; Surg. A. Parks, Thirty-third Iowa Infantry Volunteers.

The board will confer with the honorable Sanitary Commission, who are respectfully requests to express their opinions on the above points.

The board will make a full and complete report and express a decided opinion on the points submitted as soon as possible.

The board will assemble to-morrow, December 11, at 10. 30 a. m., at the headquarters of Colonel Rice.

By order of Brigadier-General Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The board having carefully examined the Gratiot and Myrtle Street Pirons has the honor to report: That there are but 471 prisoners in the Gratiot Street Prison, and that 750 prisoners can be therein accommodated without risk of determent to the comfort and health. New hospital arrangements are being perfected by Surgeon Hood, in charge, which are very useful and beneficial, and your board seems it unnecessary that more space be provided to meet any present necessities. The sick average about 20 per cent. of the prisoners on account of the prevalence of the mumps and measles. The Myrtle Street Prison is in good order and can contain with compliance to every necessity of health 150 prisoners throughout the winter. It now contains 145. The board is of opinion that no necessity exists for more prison room, as the honorable Sanitary Commission lately report that the Alton Prison will receive 550 additional prisoners and have sufficient capacity for their accommodation without determined to their health and comfort.

The board deems that unless a large number of prisoners are to be transferred to this point it would be an unnecessary expense to the Government to fit up another building for a prison unless rendered absolutely necessary by a great increase of prisoners, and submit the following report of two buildings which have been examined:

1. The Lytle Factory would require an expense of at least $5,000 to remove and replace its heavy machinery and $5,000 additional to place

