
to same order and section, paragraph 130, the consciences of the honest and affording a seemingly just excuse to the dishonest, who are oppose to military discipline after they come to Annapolis or here.

3. That the latest form of the oath concocted by the traitors contains a clause by which officers (I could not learn whether men also) are bound not to go into any camp or fortress or other place devoted to military purposes belonging to the United States until exchanged. This in direct conflict with orders establishing camps for paroled prisoners.

The officers and men from whom I learned these facts were taken prisoners between May 2 and 5 and sent to Annapolis May 14 from City Point. The order from our Government must have been communicated to the rebels before that time, having been issued April 24. The additional clause forbidding any military discipline seems to have been the answer to the liberal and just provisions of Orders, No. 100. The state of discipline and cleanliness at Annapolis or rather absence of either seems to be shocking if the statement of officers and gentlemen are to be believed. I know of an officer who went to New York from there and staid five days. We can keep our camp clean. The soldiers (paroled) are not made to do anything there. When they came here we had very hard work to get them to obey orders. They were very unclean.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. SCHMITT,

Captain, Twentieth Mass. Vols., Commanding Second Div. Convalescents.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I see no objection to allowing all women and children to go South who desire it on the condition that they do not return; or women and children to come North on the same condition. There are as you say many fearful I might add distressing cases. I think it would be well to fix a day a little more distant than you suggest, say Wednesday, the 1st of July, and give public notice as you did before. I have no doubt Mr. Ould will consent and fix a day for women and children desiring to come North.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

UNOFFICIAL.] ANNAPOLIS, MD., June 7, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

DEAR SIR: I think night and day of the late correspondence between Mr. Ould and W. H. Ludlow touching the safety of Union men whose lives have been threatened by the rebel Government in alleged retaliation for the execution of two spies in Burnside's department.

I am of opinion that while it was proper to justify Colonel Ludlow in writing his letter of the 25th ultimo threatening re-retaliation should the rebels carry out their threats, the letter being calculated to check them in the execution of their barbarous threats, still I would on no account follow their savage example. If they choose in the South to act as barbarians we as a civilized people ought not to follow their example.

