
MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., June 7, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: A week or two since I notified the provost-marshal-general of the department at Saint Louis that this prison was full and that we could not accommodate any more prisoners without great inconvenience until some of the number now here were removed or sent away. But notwithstanding this prisoners in squads are being sent here almost daily till the prison is full to repletion. Upward of fifty prisoners have been received here since Friday last, the 5th instant, and I have been informed that several hundred are now en route up the river for this place. Should these latter arrive here before the prisoners now ready for exchange can be sent off I shall be compelled in our crowded state to refuse them admittance into the prison.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prison.

SAINT LOUIS, June 7, [1863.]

J. M. HEATH, Esq.,

Provost-Marshal of the Border, Keokuk, Iowa.

SIR: In the case of Henry Clay Dean reported on your regular report just received as being in the guard-house, I wish you would take full evidence against the man, and if you think it justifies sending [him] South under the instructions forwarded to you from this office heretofore transfer him here with all the proof and I will send him through the lines. Without knowing specially of this Dean my impression is that he is very disloyal and a man of dangerous influence. He probably is not worth the trial accorded his compeer, Vallandigham, but I hope you will be able to find sufficient evidence to justify his transfer here to that same destination which the other one has attained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Captain and Provost-Marshal-General.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, June 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARTINDALE,

Military Governor of the District.

SIR: I herein respectfully beg leave to call your attention to my case. I have now been a prison for nearly nine months, the first three months of which I spent at Fort Delaware; was then ordered to report to this place. Upon doing so I was paroled and remained upon parole for three months. During my parole I reported for exchange (although my parole did not order me to do so) three different times. Upon reporting on the 1st of March I was committed to this place where I have since remained. It appears I have been held as an officer in the Confederate Army. I never was an officer in the Confederate Army. I am a private in Company K, of the First Virginia Cavalry. Joined the army in September, 1862, when the Confederates were in Maryland. Was regularly mustered in and was captured in endeavoring to cross

