
the river. You have no charges whatever against me. Four men who were captured with me who were from the same place I am and who joined the army at the same time I did were exchanged six weeks after they were captured. I really know of no reason why I should be longer held unless it is because I am a Marylander. but this Government is exchanging Marylanders who belong to the Southern Army at every exchange which takes place from here. This I know to my own certain knowledge. You have not nor is there any charge anywhere against me whatever, and I know not what this Government means by holding me so long in confinement. As to taking the oath I will not do it nor will I accept anything but an unconditional release or an exchange. I know that I am entitled to an exchange. Your having no charges against me and my not wishing to take the oath and desiring to be sent to Richmond certainly entitles me to one. May I beg you will take the matter in hand and see that I am no longer deprived of my just rights; or if you imagine you have any charges against me, why for God's sake let me make and grant me a trial, as anything is preferable to this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLAGETT D. FITZHUGH.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., June 8, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Clagett D. Fitzhugh, prisoner of war, is still confined in the Old Capitol Prison. Is it the desire that he remain there or be sent for exchange? Perhaps you recollect he was the one who violated his parole in failing to report to you as ordered. He is also suspected of being a spy. He has been confined some months.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. SHERBURNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 167. Washington, June 8, 1863.

I. The following officers and men have been declared duly exchanged as prisoners of war since the announcement in General Orders, Numbers 117, of May 9, 1863: *

II. The paroled officers and men herein declared exchanged will without delay be forwarded to the commands to which they belong from the camps at which they have been assembled, except such officers belonging to companies not yet exchanged as the commissary-general of prisoners may think necessary to retain to take charge of their own men.

Exchanged officers and men absent on leave will at the expiration of their leaves join their respective commands.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Schedule omitted here; see Ludlow to Thomas, May 30, p. 721.

---------------

