
Order in relation to passes.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 8, 1863.

Ladies desiring passes to go to or return from the rebel States can receive permits under the following regulations:

1. All applications for passes to go South must be made in writing and verified by oath, addressed to Major L. C. Turner, judge-advocate, Washington, D. C., as follows:

I, A---- B----, applicant for a pass to go to City Point, Va., and now residing at

-----

, do solemnly swear that if said pass be granted I will not take any property excepting my wearing apparel, and that all the articles to be taken with me are contained in the trunk or package delivered or to be delivered to the quartermaster on the transport steamer on which I am to go to City Point; that I have not been in any insurgent State nor beyond the military lines of the United States within thirty days last past; that I will not return within the military lines of the United States during the present war, and that I have not it my trunk nor on my person any papers or writings whatsoever, nor any contraband articles.

No person will be allowed to take more than one trunk or package of female wearing apparel weighing not over 100 pounds and subject to inspection, and if anything contraband be found in the trunk or on the person the property will be forfeited and the pass revoked.

2. A passenger boat will leave Annaplis, Md., on the 1st day of July next to deliver those permitted to go South at City Point, and the baggage of each applicant must be delivered to the quartermaster on said boat at least twenty-four hours previous to the day of departure for inspection.

3. Children will be allowed to accompany their mothers and relatives and take their usual wearing apparel, but he name and age of each child must be given in the application.

4. Ladies and children desiring to come North will be received on the boat at City Point and taken to Annapolis, and every adult person coming North will be required to take and subscribe the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States before the boat leaves Fortress Monroe.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 8, 1863.

General HASCALL, Indianapolis:

You are granted thirty days' leave. After which you will report to these headquarters for duty.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 8, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Defenses of Washington, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that all the prisoners of war confined in the Old Capitol will be sent for exchange by the boat that is expected to arrive to-morrow and have therefore to request that the prisoners now at Alexandria may be sent to the Old Capitol Prison to be sent with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

