
it in suitable condition for a prison. It would accommodate 750 prisoners. Your board estimate its rent at &amp;7,000 per annum.

2. The Milo Factory and would accommodate 1,200 prisoners and is a preferable building in many respects; but being situated on the rock it would be necessary to blast or hew a place for the purpose of a privy an the deposits would have to be pumped away. The rent is estimated at $10,000 per annum and expenses incurred to fit it for a at least $7,000. This report has been submitted to the honorable Sanitary Commission, whose opinion is indorsed hereon.

[Indorsement.]

The Western Sanitary Commission, to whom the report of the commissioners appointed by Brigadier-General Carr to examine and report on prison accommodation was submitted, would suggest that after careful measurements of the rooms in the Gratiot and Myrtle Street Prisons they found that not over 625 should be admitted into the Gratiot Street Prison and 100 in the Myrtle Street Prison. The numbers named are the largest admissible. * * *

The Myrtle Street Prison. - There are 155 bunks. The space allotted to them will not average over 150 feet, which is entirely too little. By reducing the number of bunks to 100 the average then would only be 211 cubic feet, which is scarcely enough. Eighty men would be a better number. The Alton Prison will accommodate from 600 to 800 more. Having the use of this prison, [we] would agree with the commissioners that additional buildings would not be necessary, especially as prisoners taken in battle are to at once exchanged. The arrests in the State are not likely to increase more than discharge will take place; but of this the military authorities can alone judge.

Very respectfully,

JAMES E. YEATMAN.

Respectfully submitted.

SAMUEL A. RICE,

Colonel Thirty-third Iowa Infantry Volunteers.

LOUIS D. HUBBARD,

Major, Third Illinois Cavalry.

Captain D. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. District of Saint Louis.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF SAINT LOUIS, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, December 18, 1862.

The inclosed report of a board which was convened for the purpose of investigating into the necessity of additional prison room in this city is respectfully forwarded to department headquarters. The board reports that at present there is no need of additional prison room, in which I fully concur.

E. A. CARR,Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, December 12, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to request information as to whether the officers and men of the Twenty-fifth Missouri Infantry and others paroled at Lexington, Mo., in 1861, and all prisoners taken and paroled at the battle of Wilson's Creek, Mo., in 1861, have ever been exchanged. Also as to prisoners taken at the battle of Pittsburgh Landing or

