
Soldiers' Rest, where they remained a few days, and he has turned it over to me. Please forward it through Mr. Ould.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SANGSTER,

Commanding Camp Parole, near Annapolis, Md.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 14th reporting on the shipment of exchanged prisoners to Fort Columbus is received. As these men were to be reshipped at Fort Columbus it was necessary and proper that you should address a letter to the commanding officer explaining why they were sent there and requesting that they might be forwarded. The simple statement in the order given to the corporal in charge that they belonged to the Department of the South was not sufficient. There was no excuse for sending fifty-seven men to so distant a point under the charge of a corporal. I am sure I have given you no orders prohibiting you from sending officers on such duty when you had them to spare as you had on this occasion. Send me a copy of the order to which you refer. The excuses offered by the corporal for the unsatisfactory manner in which the duty was done are not reliable. His best excuse is that he should not have been sent on the duty and that having been sent he was not properly instructed. Whatever papers are prepared to go with men detached should be signed before they leave your office. I don't understand your explanations on this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED INFANTRY,Near Edwards Depot, Miss., June 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General OSTERHAUS, U. S. Army:

Your ambulances under flag of truce will be permitted to move your sick and wounded from Champion Hill Hospital and the hospitals in its vicinity. I will be glad to have your ambulance train move the confederate wounded from the hospitals near the Big Black bridge.

I hope for the honor to your Government you will not permit violations of your flag of truce.

I cannot grant the request of F. Tunica, engineer, U. S. Army, to make a sketch of the battle-field near Baker's Creek.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. LYON,

Colonel Eighth Kentucky Regiment, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 8, 1863.

Rev. [J. R.] BURGETT.

(Care of Brown Brothers &amp; Co., Baltimore, Md.)

SIR: I am directed by the commissary-general of prisoners to inform you that no arrangements have been made for the exchange of citizen

