
but under present circumstances while they refuse to deliver the officers they hold you will decide on the propriety of holding or delivering him as may seem best to you.

I inclose to you a letter* addressed to me by Surgeon Hewitt, of General Grant's army, in which he requests a statement made by Right Rev. N. Cromwell in the streets of Jackson, Miss., which he placed in the hands of General Winder, may be returned to him. The importance which attaches to this document will be apparent to you and will I am sure secure your immediate attention.

I send you by this mail some rolls of rebel prisoners of war paroled in the West some months since with certificate showing that they were delivered within the rebel lines. I am not sure you will be able to use them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, June 9, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have larned by telegraph that the men I sent to New York have arrested one of the party, Simon Rosenfelt, but he refuses to tell the whereabouts of Alexander. They are on the track and I think will be successful. Please instruct civil authorities not to interfere in New York City.

W. S. FISH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., June 9, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the following detachments of prisoners have been received at this prison since the 1st instant, viz: From Nashville on the 5th, 18 men and 1 woman, Mrs. Trainor; from Memphis on the 6th, 37, including 4 commissioned officers; from Saint Louis on the 6th, 16 sentenced men, 3 commissioned officers included, and several Federals, and from Vicksburg and Memphis last night, 111, 8 of whom are commissioned officers.

Including the Federal prisoners, of whom there are 110 now confined here, we have about 1,600 persons confined in this prison-a number far too great for convenient and comfortable accommodation. The prison buildings cannot conveniently accommodate more than 1,000 persons and I would be glad if arrangements could be made so that the number of prisoners confined here at any one time should not exceed that number, especially in warm weather. The prisoners of war for exchange have been ready for a week or more but I have not yet received instructions from department headquarters to send them forward. I telegraphed the assistant adjutant-general at headquarters this morning in relation to this subject.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding the Prisons.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

