
5. General Bragg's assertion that orders have been issued stripping his men of their pantaloons and pronouncing the death penalty on those who wear the uniform "prescribed by our (meaning as I suppose the Confederate) Government" is confronted by the inclosed General Orders,* Numbers 16, which you will see is against those and those only who with less magnanimity than savages sneak up to our lines disguised in our own uniform. If the Confederate Government has adopted our uniform them General Bragg's statement may be correct and the responsibility-doing what the savages scorn to do, stealing the marks of other tribes-belongs to his Government. But if as I believe they have not been guilty of authorizing any such cowardly deceit then the responsibility of making a false assertion rests on General Bragg and is in keeping with his official course on other matters.

6. I have to say that General Bragg's cavalry have sneaked in behind their own flag of truce and captured our pickets in its presence. He has been furnished with official evidence thereof and made no reparation. That he has been officially furnished with list of personal property robbed from thirty-eight of our surgeons at the battle of Stone's River and given neither redress nor excuse; that he has been informed that Wheeler's cavalry robbed even our wounded soldiers on the hospital boat at Harpeth Shoals of their blankets, medicines, food and pocket money and given no redress; that they stripped our dead on the field at Stone's River and gave no excuse; that their guerrilla cavalry rob private persons of their clothing, money and other valuables whenever they attack our railroad trains without scruple or so far as I know any official disapprobation.

Official reports of these transactions having been sent from time to time for the information of the War Department the forwarding of duplicate copies thereof with this communication is deemed unnecessary. I am determined to deal most justly and humanely with our enemies, but I solemnly affirm that while there are many shining examples of individual chivalry and honor among them I have found the prevailing characteristics of their official conduct like that of General Bragg's letter to his own Government, wanting not only in magnanimity but in regard for truth and justice.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., June 10, 1863.

Colonel JAMES MONTGOMERY,

Commanding Raids, Georgia and Florida.

COLONEL: Every rebel man you may capture, citizen or soldier, you will sending irons to this place to be kept as hostages for the proper treatment of any of your men who may accidentally fall into the hands of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Seep. 264.

---------------

