HEADQUARTERS, Fort Delaware, June 10, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

One thousand nine hundred and ninety-four prisoners of war were received here last night from the West. Plenty of room to accommodate 4,000 more.

S. CHOEPF,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Columbus, N. Y., Harbor, June 10, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I inclose herewith a list* of clothing required for use of the Choctaw Indians confined at this post as prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, June 10, 1 863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: Section Numbers 8 in the Exchange Notice, Numbers 5,+ published by Mr. Ould is not in accordance with agreement with me and he has been so informed. Exchanges of civilians and their releases from paroles and oaths are confined to those delivered at City Point and to a few special cases in which special notice has been given to the parties themselves.

Section Numbers 9 in same notice is also without agreement with or authority from me. We are only bound by what I agree to and not by what the Confederates publish. It is of course expected that parties declared exchanged are to be delivered to their friends. There are a few officers of ours who have been declared exchanged yet in the hands of the Confederates who are willing the deliver them. We have some of theirs in like situation. Please ask the consent of the General-in-Chief that such may be delivered and inform me by return mail of his directions.

A request has been made of Mr. Ould for lists of our deceased prisoners. The money inclosed to me ($52) belonging to Confederate prisoners will be forwarded to City Point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Alton, Ill., June 10, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that 1,192 prisoners of war including 67 commissioned officers were sent hence to City Point, Va.,

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 949.

---------------

