
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, December 1, 1862.

Major JOHN AMBLER, Quartermaster, Richmond, Va.

MAJOR: The Secretary of War has decided the officers and men taken prisoners of war by the enemy at Rich Mountain are entitled to pay to the date they were exchanged; that the disbandment of a portion of the Twentieth Virginia Regiment was without authority of law, and therefore the companies disbanded as well as those retained in service are to be allowed pay to date of exchange.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D S. COX,

Major and Quartermaster.

(For Quartermaster-General.)

[Indorsement.]

The Rich Mountain paroled prisoners were exchanged on the 12th of August, 1862.

WM. ROBINSON,

(For R. Ould, Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.)

VICKSBURG, December 1, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Oxford:

Nine hundred prisoners just arrived. Shall I return the Yankee prisoners on hand? I do not mean those held as hostages.

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent.

CASTLE THUNDER, December 1, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I am a private in the First Battalion Connecticut Cavalry. On the 7th of October last I was with my battalion encamped near Countervail. Pickets at night patrolled within two miles and a half of Gainesville. Twice a day a patrol was sent to Thoroughfare Gap to reconnoiter. On the 7th of October in the afternoon I was sent there. I was returning and when near Haymarket I was surprised by a party of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry and taken prisoner. When taken I was within the Federal lines and as near as I can judge forty miles-at least that was the distance I had to travel before I reached the Confederate lines. I have been held since the 12th of October in this prison. Am I not a prisoner of war? And if so why should I not be exchanged? Does my case not come under the cartel? I a here without friends or money. True I am a poor private and that must be the reason I am overlooked. I am confined with all classes of criminals. I respectfully solicit an inquiry into my case.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. MARSH,

First Battalion Connecticut Cavalry.

[First indorsement.]

General WINDER:

I would suggest the propriety of inquiring into this case. The writer is evidently of some intelligence and tells a plausible tale. He may be really a mere prisoner of war entitled to exchange.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

