
First. Is there any established hospital to which I have authority to send the sick and wounded; and if not have I authority to establish one for that purpose?

Second. Have I authority to order supplies from the quartermaster's subsistence, ordnance and medical departments for the use and benefit of these prisoners?

Third. Have I authority to employ any of the exchanged prisoners as guards in the absence of other good and sufficient guards?

Fourth. In the absence of supplies of clothing for the exchanged prisoners am I authorized to apply to the War Department at Richmond for supplies?

Fifth. My quartermaster and commissary having been assigned to other duties am I entitled to their official services or not?

I shall hope to receive information at an early moment on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

VICKSBURG, December 5, 1862.

Major WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Four transports with prisoners instead of two have arrived. having no place for them here will send forward as rapidly as possible.

M. L. SMITH.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Murfreesborough, December 6, 1862.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL, Lieutenant General Polk's Corps.

SIR: Accompanying you will find a list* of 179 paroled prisoners belonging to Lieutenant-General Polk's command. These men are at Chattanooga and in want of pay, &amp;c., to obtain which their descriptive lists are necessary. You will please have them made out and sent to this office as soon as possible.

By order:

A. J. HAYS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

VICKSBURG, December 6, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Five hundred political prisoners. None landed and will not be landed until definite instructions are received regarding them.

D. BELTHOOVER.

IUKA HOSPITAL, Iuka, Miss., December 7, 1862.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON,

Commanding C. S. Army of the West.

SIR: Occupying the position that I do I feel impelled from a sense of duty to report to you the conduct of Colonel Roddey and officers and men under his command. They have not only violated the condition

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

