
on another relative for $700, and payment coerced under the same diabolical threats. The pretext of robberies of Union men by bands of guerrillas is a falsehood. The fact is that Union men have conspired to run off each other's horses to Pennsylvania where they are secretly sold, the owners afterwards setting up a claim for reparation on the false ground that guerrillas have robbed them. I inclose this evidence of the atrocity of General Milroy for such action as Your Excellency may deem expedient in retaliation, either as a restraint upon this savage or a punishment should his horrible threat ever be carried into execution. This is only one of a thousand barbarities practiced here in these distant mountains of which I have almost daily heard for the last four months. Oh, for a day of retribution!

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. IMBODEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Medical director's remarks in reference to statements made by Brigadier General D. Ruggles in a communication to department commander of December 6, 1862. Referred to medical director by assistant adjutant-general December 8, 1862.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., December 9, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

The statement of General Ruggles that I was in any way the cause of much exposure to the sick of exchanged prisoners is unjust in the extreme as will at once be seen from the following facts:

On the morning after the arrival of the prisoners I was informed (not officially or by General Ruggles) that the piazza at the Bowman House was crowded with paroled prisoners seeking shelter from the rain. I at once sent for the surgeon whose duty it is to attend the prisoners arriving here and directed him to notify General Ruggles of the above fact. He told me he had been to see General Ruggles but was unable to obtain an audience with him. I directed him to go again and to say his business was urgent. I believe that he then succeeded. General Ruggles soon afterwards requested me to call at his office, which I did. I met Major Waddy, the assistant adjutant-general, there and the propriety of sending the sick to Brandon or to any other of the general hospitals was then discussed. I advised against it as I thought there was danger of spreading smallpox over the department. It was then understood between General Ruggles, Major Waddy and myself that the surgeon in charge of the prisoners was to treat all ordinary diseases among them in camp, and if any cases of smallpox occurred they were to be sent to the Deaf and Dumb Institute Hospital where some eighteen cases were already under treatment. I have approved for the surgeon a number of requisitions for hospital tents and other camp equipage, and supposed that all necessary arrangements had been or were being made for the comfort of the prisoners.

It was about 9 or 10 o'clock on the morning referred to that I send to notify General Ruggles of the prisoners being at the Bowman House. I had heard nothing from him on the subject and did not know whether any of the prisoners were sick or not. I was actuated by sentiments of humanity in sending to notify him. It is I believe General Ruggles'

