
duty to provide for paroled prisoners arriving here and not that of the medical department excepts far as relates to those that are sick, and I will do what I can to provide hospital accommodations for such when due notice of their arrival is given me by him. To avoid the risk of spreading smallpox I recommended in my letter of November 29 to the department commander to keep the prisoners in camp for twenty days after their arrival. I have had no reasons to change my views on that subject and I believe that the wisdom of that measure is concurred in by a majority if not all of the medical officers at this post. My prohibitions to sending prisoners to Brandon or to any other general hospital amounted to advice only as it would have been presumptuous in me to have prohibited it while the assistant adjutant-general, the representative of the department commander, was present and could have ordered the sick sent there had General Ruggles convinced him of the policy of doing so not withstanding my prohibition. I expect no credit from General Ruggles for anything I did but had still less reasons to expect censure from him for not attending to his duties. I was credibly informed yesterday that the night previous the proprietors of the Bowman House had lodged and fed free of charge 200 paroled prisoners who it appears from this up to that time had not been provided for. Will General Ruggles reproach me with that also? Or rather will he not give said proprietors credit for their hospitality and thank them for their kindness in thus relieving him from what might have appeared a neglect of duty on his part had the prisoners been compelled to sleep out of doors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. S. CROWELL,

Surgeon, C. S. Army, Medical Director.

RICHMOND, December 10, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of State.

SIR: Orders were given some time ago for the release of Cueto whenever the British consul in this city should require him for removal beyond the limits of the Confederacy. An order has been issued to-day to General Winder to hold John Carfoot subject to your orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL.

(For Secretary of War.)
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO AND ARIZONA,Houston, Tex., December 10, 1862.

Colonel REILY, Commanding Sibley's Brigade, Millican, Tex.

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to communicate to you the existence of the following order from the Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office at Richmond, November 12, 1862, for the information of all concerned:

EXCHANGE NOTICE, Numbers 3.] [NOVEMBER 11, 1862.]

* * * *

3. All Confederate officers and men who have been delivered at Vicksburg, Miss., previous to November 1, 1862, and including said date have been duly exchanged and are hereby so declared.

RO. OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

