
U. S. Infantry, to be sent under a guard of cavalry to Vicksburg, Miss., there to be delivered to the commanding officer at that point to be placed by him at some convenient point in possession of the enemy. General Bee will direct the necessary transportation and subsistence arrangements to be made for the above purpose.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

A. G. DICKINSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRITISH CONSULATE, Charleston, December 12, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of State, Richmond.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th instant with which you have been so good as to convey to me certain information which has been furnished to you by the War Department on the subject of the imprisonment at Salisbury, N. C., of Gabriel Cueto. I observe also that the Secretary of War promises to acquaint you with the reasons for the detention at the same place of John Carfoot, who as well as Mr. Cueto is a subject of the Queen. I beg leave to return my thanks to you for your compliance with my request for information respecting these men. As regards the first of them I shall reserve any further action until I can consult with Her Majesty's consul at Richmond, by whom the investigation into his case has been commenced. With reference to the other I must await the report to you of the War Department.

I have the honor to remain, with the highest consideration, sir, your most obedient servant, humble servant,

ROBERT BUNCH,

Her Majesty's Consul.

STEVENSON, JACKSON COUNTY, ALA.,

December 12, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: I have belonged to the Confederate Army almost since the commencement of the war until a few months since, when I was taken prisoner by the Abolitionists. After being confined in the cells of a loathsome jail and other prisons and told I would not be exchanged I was induced to accept their terms by which I could be released which was taking the oath and giving a heavy bond, which I complied with. These being the facts of the case I wish to know if our Government forces me by conscription back into the service, not allowing me even the privilege of other soldiers who have been taken and released by parole or exchanged. If such is the case I submit as it is our law, but at the same time do not believe it is religiously or morally right. Besides which death is my penalty should I ever again fall into their hands for the violation of this oath or parole. I simply ask for the same as other prisoners-an exchange; but if it is not granted I am willing to do my country all the good I can. Without troubling you more upon this subject I close, hoping to hear from you soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. FITZPATRICK.

[Indorsement.]

Answer that if the writer of this letter was in the Confederate service and while so was taken a prisoner until his exchange is made he is

