
in relation to certain Federal vedettes captured on yesterday whilst a flag of truce from the enemy was within our lines.

The general desires you will investigate fully and report all the facts in the case, especially the localities and relative position of the flag and the parties captured.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Ponchatoula, La., December 14, 1862.

General PEMBERTON:

* * * *

I have the further honor to inform you that I this day send to the provost-marshal at Jackson five Federal prisoners captured by one of my scouting parties. Some three months ago a picket of four men belonging to Rhodes' Partisan Rangers were captured by the enemy and taken to New Orleans. I have been informed that their exchange has been refused by the commanding Federal officer. I therefore respectfully request your permission to order a flag of truce with instructions to ascertain whether General Butler will exchange them or the reasons for his refusal.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. R. WITT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Say to Colonel Witt that the case of the four men referred to will be brought to the notice of General Butler by first flag of truce.

J. C. P.,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Macon, Ga., December 14, 1862.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following copy of a letter received on yesterday from Lieutenant J. M. Brittian, enrolling officer of the Sixth Congressional District in this State. I telegraphed the Attorney-General upon the subject immediately upon receipt of the information.

The circuit judge alluded to wars the first judicial officer in this State who pronounced the conscript act to be unconstitutional.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO B. WEEMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

DECATUR, GA., December 10, 1862.

Major CHARLES S. HARDEE,

Commanding Conscript Camp, Numbers 2:

Judge Thomas W. Thomas of the northern circuit is releasing men again on writ of habeas corpus. He ordered J. M. N. Glenn, sub-enrolling officer of Oglethorpe County, to be confined in jail because he did

