
not bring the person of R. S. Freeman before his honor to be tried on the writ. The sub-enrolling officer informed me of Freeman's refusal to go to camp at the appointed time whereupon I ordered the squad to proceed to the residence of Freeman and arrest him and put him under guard to be forwarded to camp the next morning with the squad. It seems that Glenn had been warned to bring Freeman before his honor for trial, but I had no evidence of it before I issued the order for the arrest of Freeman. I sent him to camp previous to the trial ordered by Judge Thomas because he had refused to go. Glenn proceeded to Judge Thomas' quarters at the time specified whereupon his honor ordered him to be put in jail until the person of Freeman was brought before him.

JABEZ M. BRITTIAN,

Enrolling Officer Sixth Congressional District of Georgia.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER.

GENERAL: The Secretary of State desires to have a report of the time when Carfoot was arrested and the exact circumstances of his arrest and the facts elicited at this examination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 15, 1862.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose for the information of the general commanding the following papers: *

Field return of the Army of Tennessee; tabular form of the organization of same; copies of general orders in same; copy of correspondence with Major-General Rosecrans, commanding enemy's forces in my front; a map of the country in my front and flanks.

I invite your special your special attention to the correspondence with General Rosecrans. With that as a basis I have refused to exchange political prisoners; have discharged the only one in my command and have demanded a like discharge on his part.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 16, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER.

GENERAL: You will discharge from arrest and confinement J. G. Anderson, confined at Castle Thunder as a political prisoner.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

