HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, Miss., December 16, 1862.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have the honor to state for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding that it is apparently important to send a flag of truce to Major-General Butler in relation to the release or exchange of Brigadier-General Clark who was captured after having been severely wounded at the battle of Baton Rouge, and some other prisoners. If this meets with the approval of the lieutenant-general I shall cause preparations to be made accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

Inform Brigadier-General Ruggles that the matter of communication with the enemy is exclusively under the control of department headquarters.

J. C. P.,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry, La Vergne, Tenn.

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to instruct you to return to their lines the three vedettes captured on the 13th together with their entire equipments-arms. The passing of the flag implied protection to all in its rear. He exonerates the officers and men of your command involved in the matter from all intention to violate the flag and has so explained to General Rosecrans.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide to General Bragg.

RICHMOND, VA., December 17, 1862.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON.

SIR: Several communications of yours to the War Department have been referred to me. One of them refers to the case of Captain Murphy. On the 21st September last Captain Murphy was exchanged for Major Charles E. Livingston, Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers. General Butler has therefore no claim for any further equivalent for Captain Murphy. The exchange was a special one and was made by me in consequence of an urgent letter from Governor Moore, of Louisiana, in whose service Captain Murphy had been acting. I informed Governor Moore of the consummation of the exchange nearly three months ago. If General Butler will refer to General Orders, Numbers 147, issued by the United States Government, September 30, 1862, he will see the above exchange therein published. The same communication refers to Partisan Rangers.

The following agreement has been made between the respective commissioners of exchange, to wit:

The body of Confederate troops known by the designation of Partisan Rangers and whose officers are commissioned by the Confederate

Government and who are regularly in the service of the Confederate States are to be exchanged when captured.

