
The Federal Government has recently professed to carry out the above agreement to its full extent. I am inclined to believe it has done so in the East. Perhaps General Butler has not as yet been notified of the action of his Government. The agreement above quoted comes from the War Department at Washington and is signed by their agent of exchange

It is yet an open quaestio as to what action the Federal Government will take as to Partisan Rangers whose officers are not commissioned by the Confederate Government. We demand also their exchange as prisoners of war. To this the Federal Government has not formally acceded, though many such have been delivered for exchange by the Federals. I am in hopes they will soon embrace them as proper subjects of exchange.

Some time ago I informed Major Watts at Vicksburg that all Confederate officers and men who had been delivered at Vicksburg on or before November 1, 1862, and all officers and men who should after that date be delivered there until I informed him to the contrary were duly exchanged. Has he not so informed you?I presume you have not been so informed as the Secretary of War to-day refers a letter of Captain James Clark, Company A, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, forwarded by you under date to November 29, 1862, inquiring as to his exchange. Captain Clark and all officers and men, Partisan Rangers of all classes included, who have been delivered at Vicksburg up to this present date have been exchanged. This agreement will continue until you are notified to the contrary. I will be obliged to you if you will let me hear from you on the receipt of this letter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, December 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHEELER, Chief of Cavalry.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication* of this date on the subject of the three Federal vedettes captured on the 12th instant the general commanding directs me to say that you will destroy the paroles of these men and discharge them from the obligatio; n.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 18, 1862.

General JOSEPH WHEELER, La Vergne.

GENERAL: I herewith send under guard the following-named Federal prisoners: Benjamin Leach, private, Company I, Fifth Kentucky Regiment; Thomas Leach, private, Company I, Fifth Kentucky Regiment; John Williams, private, Company I, Fifth Kentucky Regiment.

The prisoners have been paroled and are sent in obedience to your order of the 17th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. PEDEN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

