
[Inclosure.]

Whereas, the General Assembly of North Carolina is informed that one R. J. Graves, a citizen of the county of Orange, hath been suzette his residence in said county by a person professing to be a police officer from Richmond, in Virginia, and hath been transported to and is now detained as a prisoner in the said city of Richmond; and whereas the said Graves nor any other citizen of this State is liable thus to be seized and transported beyond the limits thereof without the order and approbation of the proper authority of this State, but o the contrary he and they are not liable to arrest except only on the warrant of a proper judicial officer; and if crime be imputed they are by the express provisions of the Confederate and the State constitutions amenable only to the civil tribunals and have a right to a hearing and trial before the courts of the Confederacy or of the State, according to the nature of the offense with which they stand charged, such trial to be had in open court according to due course of law; and whereas it is the duty of the government of North Carolina to protect from unlawful violence as far as possible everyone of her citizens and to insure to each a fair trial in a lawful court having jurisdiction of his case: Therefore,

Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be requested immediately to demand of the authorities at Richmond by whose order the said R. J. Graves was seized and transported and is now detained that he be immediately returned to this State to the end that he may be delivered over to the civil authorities here either of this State or of the Confederate States for examination and if sufficient cause appear for commitment and trial, so that if innocent of the matter laid to his charge he may be acquitted, or if guilty be convicted and punished by due course of law.

R. S. DONNELL,

Speaker of the House of Commons.

GILES MEBANE,

Speaker of the Senate.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 111. Richmond, December 24, 1862.

I. The following proclamation of the President is published for the information and guidance of all concerned therein:

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas a communication was addressed on the 6th day of July last (1862) by General Robert E. Lee, acting under the instructions of the Secretary of War of the Confederate States of America, to General H. W. Halleck, General-in-Chief of the U. S. Army, informing the later that a report had reached this Government that William B. Mumford, a citizen of the Confederate States, has been executed by the U. S. authorities at New Orleans for having pulled down the U. S. flag in that city before its occupation by the forces of the United States, and calling for a statement of the facts with a view to retaliation if such an outrage had really been committed under sanction of the authorities of the United States;

And whereas (no answer having been received to said letter) another letter was on the 2nd August last (1862) addressed by General Lee under my instructions to General Halleck renewing the inquiry in relation to the said execution of said Mumford, with the information that in the event of not receiving a reply within fifteen days it would be assumed that the fact alleged was true and was sanctioned by the Government of the United States;

And whereas an answer, dated on the 7th August last (1862) was addressed to General Lee by General H. W. Halleck, the said General-in-Chief of the Armies of the United States, alleging sufficient cause for failure to make early reply to said

