
4. The rooms least suitable for occupation are overcrowded by prisoners while the best rooms are nearly empty.

Upon the whole the sanitary condition of this prison is most unfavorable and dangerous to the health and lives of its inmates. In view of this I would respectfully make the following suggestions:

1. That a man of experience, energy and discretion be selected for jailer.

2. All the rooms occupied by the prisoners should be thoroughly cleansed and suitable means for warming and ventilating them be provided.

3. Every man should be thoroughly bathed and provided with new and clean clothing; blankets, &amp;c., should be sunned and aired daily; every man should be allowed at least two hours' exercise in the jail yard daily and should bathe at least once a week.

4. One room should be set apart for the sick, as a hospital, and an entire change made in the arrangement of the prisoners' quarters. The cells are totally unfit for occupancy; no one can be confined there twenty-four hours without danger to health.

Respectfully submitted.

ISAAC F. GALLOUPE,

Surgeon in Charge of Jails.

FORT MONROE, December 1, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Two hundred and seventy-seven released prisoners of war, 58 released Government laborers and 40 released political prisoners are sent to Annapolis to-day. Among the former are Major Jordan, Seventh [Ninth] Pennsylvania Cavalry, and 151 men and officers of Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Regiment, captured at Paw, who are exchanged and can be at once sent to their regiment.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

(Copy to Colonel Hoffman, commissary-general of prisoners.)

FORT MONROE, December 1, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Where are the rolls of prisoners captured by General Rosecrans, reported as being 2,500? Can you send them to me?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

YORKTOWN, December 1, 1862.

Captain BARSTOW, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Retain lists of prisoners and any papers and communications from Mr. Ould, and send Captain Mulford with the steamer New York and all the released prisoners to Annapolis to be turned over to the commanding officer of that post. Order Captain Mulford to bring back the steamer.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

