HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Cane Hill, Ark., December 13, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel MOONLIGHT, Chief of Staff:

A flag of truce has just reached here. I send the communication he brings, which I opened at his request. I have already taken steps to bring in the medicines for the rebel invalids. The ambulances I have detained at the lines. The bearer state that in his opinion the intention is to convey the rebel wounded southward. On this account I have refused them admittance and await the orders of the general. The bearer of the flag is with me.

Your obedient servant,WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Camp, Cane Hill, December 13, 1862.

Captain McCOY, C. S. Army:

I am forbidden until further instructions to allow any of your party to enter the lines. However, for the sake of your wounded I send an ambulance to bring in your medicines. I instruct the person in charge to report them to Doctor Welch, in charge of your hospitals. When I receive a communication from General Blunt I will inform you as to what privileges you will be allowed.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 13, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton:

You will discharge * * * and all other political prisoners whose discharges have been ordered, without any conditions, in case they refuse to take the oath of allegiance, &amp;c.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

SAINT LOUIS, December 13, 1862.

Colonel HILDEBRAND,

Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.

COLONEL: I have the honor to say that any prisoners from Missouri now held in Alton subject to the orders of this office except those hereinafter mentioned may if they desire be released on parole and bond to go to any locality in the free States east of the Illinois Central Railroad and north of line drawn due east from Springfield, Ill, and there remain for the war. No person who is under sentence of a military commission or who is charged with crime which should be tried by a military commission will be included in this permission. It is believed that many of the young men under your charge from this State will accept the offer. Quite a number have already done so. They will thus find themselves in a peaceful community where labor of all kinds is in great demand, wages are high and schools abundant. If you find any

