
DEER CREEK, January 2, 1863.

GENERAL COMMANDING, Grenada, Miss.

GENERAL: I have the honor to hand inclosed list* of prisoners, C. S. Army, left at Greenville, Miss., this county, by the steamer Minnehaha on the 31st of ultimo. These prisoners were sick and were put off without any provision being made for their well-being and comfort. Without bedding, rations or medicines, these disabled soldiers are roughly thrown into a deserted hotel in a small village on the river, whose inhabitants may be numbered by the half dozen, beyond the reach of everything like material comfort. The citizens in the neighborhood have already given away all their surplus bedding, have no medicines and can barely supply the poor soldiers with enough to eat; and besides the recent raids and destruction of property along the river-bank will deter the people from sending that aid which they otherwise would.

These soldiers are a portion of the prisoners brought down for exchange and ordered back by the Federal commander at Vicksburg. Eighth hundred and fifty remained on the boat and were to be carried to Memphis or Helena. I understand the minnehaha put off a case of smallpox below Greenville. The obvious effect if not intent of this policy will be to scatter a violent plague throughout the whole country. Escaped prisoners report that Grant's army from above and Banks' army from below are ordered to co-operate in the attack upon Vicksburg. Whether this be true or not I cannot say.

I cannot close without calling the attention of the general commanding to the iniquity of the course thus pursued by the Yankees in attempting to scatter through this whole country and that too without warning the most violent epidemic disease known.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

W. L. NUGENT,

Lieutenant, &amp;c.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully referred to Doctor Moses for his consideration. I should like to see him to converse with him on the subject. Return this. I wish to reply and send it to General Pemberton.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

I have ordered Doctor Moses to send a surgeon with medicines and comforts for the sick.

Respectfully forwarded.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Knoxville, Tenn., January 3, 1863.

Major H. L. CLAY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: Below you will please find a list of free negroes confined in jail: Moses Slicer, Knoxville, confined by order of Brigadier-General Davis, commanding post, December 8, 1862; Jesse Malone, Campbell County, Tenn., committed December 5, 1862; Simon Malone, Campbell County, Tenn., committed December 5, 1862; Manuel Cox, Campbell County, Tenn., committed December 5, 1862.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

