
laborers in their sphere, are doomed to extermination, while at the same time they are encouraged to a general assassination of their masters by the insidious recommendation "to abstain from violence unless in necessary self-defense. " Our own detestation of those who have attempted the most execrable measure recorded in the history of guilty man is tempered by profound contempt for the impotent rage which it discloses. So far as regards the action of this Government on such criminals as may attempt its execution I confine myself to informing you that I shall unless in your wisdom you deem some other course more expedient deliver to the several State authorities all commissioned officers of the United States that may hereafter be captured by our forces in any of the States embraced in the proclamation that they may be dealt with in accordance with the laws of those States providing for the punishment of criminals engaged in exciting servile insurrection. The enlisted soldiers I shall continue to treat as unwilling instruments in the commission of these crimes and shall direct their discharge and return to their homes on the proper and usual parole.

* *

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, January 12, 1863.

Honorable GEORGE MOORE, Her British Majesty's Consul.

SIR: * * * John Carfoot has been released. The charges against him are at Salisbury, N. C., and have been telegraphed for. They will be communicated to you upon their arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

VICKSBURG, January 13, 1863.

Colonel WADDY:

If prisoners arrive locate them in most convenient place for encampment, and employ the whole of Taylor's brigade to guard them.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. C. S. FORCES ON SHENANDOAH MOUNTAIN,January 13, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In reply to a letter from Robert Ould, esq., agent of exchange, to H. B. Davidson, of date January 2, 1863, which was referred to me, I have the honor to transmit herewith proof of the authenticity of certain orders of Brigadier General R. H. Milroy, U. S. Army, which were forwarded by me to the President some weeks ago. In addition to the deposition of Job Parsons and myself I furnish you as cumulative evidence a copy of The Crisis, of date December 24, 1862, a newspaper published at Columbus, Ohio, in which the orders of Milroy are published as part of the history of the times. I have not seen Adam Harper, who is the subject of this published order, but two of his sons, one of whom is my scout, have stated to me that their father was compelled to pay the assessment of $285 to save his life. The whole amount

