
tion is above taken, and that he knows the general reputation and character of said Job Parsona and does not hesitate to say that said Parsona is a man of excellent moral character and worthy of full credit as a truthful man and witness. Deponent further states that he forwarded to Richmond the originals of Exhibits A and B, which were furnished to him early in December last by said Parsons, and that he has no doubt of the genuineness of said orders nor of the fact that a large number of the loyal citizens of Tucker County have had similar orders served upon them by Captain Kellogg and that large sums of money have by this means been extorted from them. And further saith not.

JOHN D. IMBODEN.

[Second indorsement.]

I further certify that William W. Montgomery, whose name is signed to the foregoing deposition of Job Parsons, was at the date of said deposition and now is a justice of the peace in and for the country aforesaid. In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal of my court the day and year above written.

WM. A. BURNETT,

Deputy Clerk.

[Exhibit A.]

SAINT GEORGE, TUCKER COUNTY, VA.,

November 27, 1862.

Mr. JOB PARSONS:

(Son of Abraham Parsons.)

You are hereby ordered to report in person or by your representative at my headquarters in Saint George Court-House on the 28th of November, 1862, to attend to business of vital importance to yourself, and in case of your failure to comply with the above order you must suffer the penalty.

By order of Brigadier General R. H. Milroy:

HORACE KELLOGG,

Captain and Post Commandant.

[Exhibit B.]

SAINT GEORGE, TUCKER COUNTY, VA.,

November 28, 1862.

Mr. JOB PARSONS:

(Son of Abraham Parsons.)

SIR: In consequence of certain robberies which have been perpetrated upon Union citizens of Tucker County, Va, by bands of guerrillas you are hereby assessed to the amount of $14. 25 to make good their losses, and upon your failure to comply with the above assessment by paying the money over to me by the 1st day of December, 1862, the following order will be executed, viz:

If they fail to pay at the end of the time you have named their houses will be burned and themselves shot and their property all seized, and be sure that you carry out this threat rigidly and show them that you are not trifling or to be trifled with. You will inform the inhabitants for ten or fifteen miles around your camp on all the roads approaching the town upon which the enemy may approach that they must dash in and give you notice, and that upon failure of any one to do so their horses will be burned and the men shot:

By order of Brigadier General R. H. Milroy:

HORACE KELLOGG,

Captain, Commanding Post.

