
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

[Extract from The Crisis newspaper, December 24, 1862.]

ANOTHER MILROY ORDER.

The following letter comprising an order from General Milroy belongs to the history of the times:

SAINT GEORGE, TUCKER COUNTY, VA.,

November 28, 1862.

Mr. ADAM HARPER.

SIR: In consequence of certain robberies which have been committed on Union citizens of this county by bands of guerrillas you are hereby assessed to the amount of $285 to make good their losses. And upon your failure to comply with the above assessment by the 8th day of December the following order has been issued to me by Brigadier General R. H. Milroy:

"You are to burn their houses, seize all their property and shoot them. You will be sure that you strictly carry out this order.

"You will inform the inhabitants for ten or fifteen miles around your camp on all the roads approaching the town upon which the enemy may approach that they must dash in and give you notice, and that upon any one failing to do so you will burn their horses and shoot the men. "

By order of Brigadier General R. H. Milroy:

H. KELLOGG,

Captain, Commanding Post.

The above Adam Harper the subject of this order is an old Dutchman over eighty-two years of age, a cripple and infirm, and can neither read nor write.

The above is a little ahead of anything that has yet met our eye. Because Adam Harper could neither read nor write, eighty-two years old and a cripple General Milroy to the disgrace of the nation orders a tax of $285 levied on him, and the whole country for ten or fifteen miles round is to be laid waste! "You are to burn their horses, seize all their property and shoot them. You will be sure that you strictly carry out this order. "

And what did those people do? Nothing! But a band of guerrillas is charged with robbing Union citizens. That is all. Can we be surprised to hear of fist fights in the councils of a Cabinet guilty of carrying on such a war? We are not surprised after the above that The Crisis was prohibited circulation through the mails in Western Virginia by military order if such conduct as this is the order of the day.

The bogus government at Wheeling of course comes into existence with a very excellent record of civil and modest pretensions.

VICKSBURG, January 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

I have been informed by Major Fairbanks that General Bragg's prisoners are all paroled.

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 5. Richmond, January 13, 1863.

I. The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

EXCHANGE NOTICE, Numbers 4.] RICHMOND, January 10, 1863.

The following officers and men have been duly exchanged and are hereby so declared:

1. All officers and men captured in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Florida and South Carolina up to December 10, 1862.

