
exchanged over and over again? Under this plan as I record every man who is exchanged I can soon see if they are playing false.

You will perceive by my published notice and general order issued under it that all officers and men of our army captured in your department before December 10, 1862, are fully exchanged.

If at any time you wish any special exchange made sooner than would likely be the case in the ordinary routine notify me by letter or telegraph and I will see that it is done. I most heartily congratulate you on your brilliant and successful defense of Vicksburg. I perceive that all Yankeedom is howling, and I am happy to know that "your praise is in all our cities. "

Yours, very truly,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,McMinnville, January 15, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee.

SIR: I forward you for the consideration of the general commanding the inclosed communication* from Captain Thruston, additional aide-de-camp to Major-General Rosecrans, to Lieutenant F. Brady, an officer of my command now in confinement within the Federal lines, and beg leave to make the following statements in regard to the matter:

1. On the morning of the 10th instant two ladies came to my headquarters at Smithville and stated that they had received information that a brother of one of the ladies was lying mortally wounded at Murfreesborough. They desired to gain access to him as speedily as possible. In order to effect this it was decided to send them under a flag of truce to the Federal lines and an order was issued to Captain Quirk, commanding a company stationed at Liberty, to furnish them with a suitable escort. This escort is now held in confinement by Major-General Rosecrans.

2. The road pursued by the escort was the public turnpike road between Liberty and Murfreesborough.

3. I was not aware of the agreement entered into between General Bragg and Major-General Rosecrans, spoken of in Captain Thruston's communication, and we have never been informed either officially or privately of any such agreement.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, Va., January 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Having occupied the Mayo Factory as a prison I necessarily require an additional number of men for guard duty. The least number I can do with in addition to what has heretofore been furnished me is 1 commissioned officer, 3 non-commissioned officer and 32 privates. These I would wish to report regularly at this (the Libby) prison at 9 o'clock a. m.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted here; see p. 170.

---------------

