
week when I think they may be safely brought back, in case the place in which they are removed is wanted.

A. W. THOMSON,

Surgeon in Charge.

[Indorsement.]

Captain TURNER.

SIR: You will call the attention of Surgeon Thomson to the fact that all communications must be sent thought he proper channel. You will call his attention to the Army Regulations on the subject of correspondence. Also the orders of the Adjutant-General upon the same subject.

By order or Brigadier-General Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. PAROLED AND EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Jackson, Miss., January 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.

COLONEL: In answer to your inquiry to what date the paroled prisoners have been undoubtedly exchanged I have the honor to state that there is no record in this office specifying any general exchange except proclamation marked A, issued by Brigadier General John Gregg, declaring the prisoners brought by Federal transports under flag of truce and delivered to Major N. G. Watts, agent paroled and exchanged prisoners, at Vicksburg. The Federal prisoners coming by railroads from enemy's lines reporting themselves in person at these headquarters are sent to camp and their names forwarded to Major Watts, agent for paroled and exchanged prisoners, for exchange, and when that is accomplished I am notified, and they are forwarded in squads under proper officers to their commands; but lately under instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding this department and in accordance with telegram from Robert Ould to major Fairbanks, marked B, all the prisoners paroled previous to the 10th December have been forwarded to their respective commands, and the assistant adjutant-general of the corps to which each squad was ordered is notified by a letter with muster roll attached of officers, non-commissioned officers and privates.

Inclosed you will also find copy of dispatch marked C, to Robert Ould, and when answer is received the matter will be I hope definitely settled.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S., Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS EXCHANGED PRISONERS,Jackson, Miss., November 23, 1862.

By authority from the War Department I hereby proclaim that an exchange has been completed of all prisoners (Confederate officers and men) delivered at Vicksburg up to this date. I also make proclamation that those delivered at Vicksburg from this time forth are exchanged upon delivery.

JOHN GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

