
SALISBURY, January 20, 1863.

General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.:

Dispatch received concerning prisoners. Will try and have everything in readiness. Can two independent companies be sent for guard duty?

Ship by express 2,000 tin cups and plates and any bedding you can spare for prisoners.

HENRY McCOY,

Captain, Commanding Prison.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON,Salisbury, January 20, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Your telegram concerning prisoners of war was received late last night. I will as near as possible try and have everything in readiness for their reception.

The buildings will not possibly hold more than from 1,200 to 1,500 consequently it will be necessary to put the balance in tents. I telegraphed you to-day to send me with the second lot of prisoners 150 large-size army tents, likewise 2,000 tin cups and plates with if possible bedding for the prisoners as we have none of the above-named articles here.

Owing to the peculiar location of the buildings in the prison grounds, they being very much scattered, it will be necessary for the safety of the prisoners to have my force increased at least two or three companies. I hope you will be able to send them with the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY McCOY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, Commanding.

CHARLESTON JAIL, January 20, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SIR: One week ago last Friday I in connection with S. T. Riddell, C. Rowell and O. F. French were captured by a detachment of cavalry under command of Captain Dickison near Saint Augustine, Fla. we had been out by invitation to see them grind cane and were returning when we were captured. We were taken to Captain Dickison's camp, near the Saint John's River, and from thence to General Finegan at Lake City, where we were paroled and sent to this place in charge of Captain Mays, who has our paroles. on our arrival here we were lodged in jail where we now are. I would state further that there are two other prisoners with us who belong at Key West, Fla., and also two others who claim to be deserters. They have all been paroled.

Permit me now, general, to call your attention to the following facts: First, we have no clothing except what we have on, and, second, our means for providing ourselves with these articles are very limited; consequently we would most respectfully ask that we may be sent North as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

VIRGIL H. CATE,

First Lieutenant Company C, Seventh Regiment New Hampshire Vols.

