HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 21, 1863.

Lieutenant VIRGIL H. CATE,

Seventh Regiment N. H. Vols., U. S. Army, Charleston Jail.

SIR: Your communication of the 20th instant has been considered and I am instructed to inform you that some or all of you prisoners of war will be either sent to Richmond or Port Royal as soon as practicable. As for yourself, a commissioned officer, you are not subject to exchange and will probably be turned over to the local authorities of the State of Florida for trial under the statutes made and provided in that State for the punishment of persons engaged in exciting negro slaves to insurrection. It is needless for me to inform you that this course is a necessary consequence of the proclamation of the President of the United States by which the Army and Navy of the United States were instructed to aid negroes against their masters. Should you wish to secure clothing and money I will forward any open communication on the subject to the commanding general at Port Royal by flag of truce.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, January 21, 1863.

Captain W. S. WINDER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: In reference to the list of men sent me yesterday containing the names of twenty-nine prisoners taken in the Valley to be held as hostages I have to say that they were all paroled and sent home via City Point on Monday last except the first on the list, viz, Lieutenant Dawson, of Company K, First [West] Virginia Cavalry, who still remains in the prison.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

T. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

PONCHATOULA, January 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, Miss.:

I inclose herewith letter addressed to Confederate Army officers by Colonel Clark, U. S. Army, which was left at Madisonville yesterday and forwarded to this place this morning. None of the citizens mentioned have arrived at this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS SHIELDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

[Inclosure.]

MADISONVILLE, January 21, 1863.

ANY OFFICER OF CONFEDERATE ARMY:

Under flag of truce and in absence of any officer to confer with I have taken the liberty to land some 250 citizens, mostly women and children. They have been left at their own request and without restraint. I commend them to your kindness.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. CLARK,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp to Major General N. P. Banks.

