
moreover stated that McNeil had paid Turner a sum of money for so doing. Upon searching Turner the sum of $196 was found upon his person and he acknowledged that it had been paid to him for the purchase stated above. Will you please inform me what disposition shall be made of the money?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOMAS P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

P. S. -The money is in bullion bank notes and is said to be spurious.

T. P. T.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, January 24, 1863.

Captain W. S. WINDER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: In answer to the inquiry made yesterday as to the name of the Yankee officer sent here by Colonel Imboden from the northwest, &amp;c., I have to say that his name is A. Dawson, lieutenant, Company K, First Regiment [West] Virginia [Cavalry] (Peirpoint Volunteers), captured at Moorefield, Va., January 3, 1863.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.
HDQRS. RICHARDSON'S PARTISAN RANGERS, C. S. ARMY,January 25, 1863.

Whereas Colonel J. K. Mizner, commanding U. S. forces at Brownsville, Tenn., has issued a proclamation addressed to James Whitelaw, H. W. Colter, James Bond, Dr. E. A. Taylor, Wiley Mann, Robert Wilson, Dr. E. Davis, Charles F. Read, T. P. Livingston, R. Y. Longley, George T. Taylor, F. Maclin, Dr. J. S. Peete, C. P. Taliaferro and all indefinitely alleging that the persons and property of many Union citizens having been threatened by guerrillas and persons claiming allegiance to or sympathy with the so-called Confederate States, and notifying all persons in Haywood and Tipton Counties that in case of molestation of the person or property of all loyal citizens living within the limiter district of Jackson, Tenn., the above-mentioned persons to be held responsible in person and property for all acts of violence; that in case of the arrest of any loyal citizen double the number will be arrested and held as hostages and twice the amount of property taken or injured will be levied from citizens therein named: Now therefore in reply to this paper bullet fired across the Hatchie River by the brave Colonel Mizner at unoffending non-combatants be it know that for each man named and every other good and loyal citizen of the Confederate States living in Haywood and Tipton Counties, Tenn., who may be arrested under the aforesaid proclamation I will have shot twice the number of Yankee soldiers taken in battle or on duty, and for each dollar's worth of property taken under said proclamation I will take or destroy twice the amount from the United States, their soldiers and Union men. It may be as well to proclaim hereby also that for every house burned by the U. S. soldiers I will shoot five U. S. soldiers on duty or taken in battle. The impudence of the aforesaid brave's proclamation consists in the fact that while he, his officers and men are stealing from all Southern men horses and mule, negroes and chickens and arresting unoffending men, women and children he threatens to

