
do these things if "loyal citizens" as he calls them are molested in person and property. From such men and infamous Government to which they render such disgraceful service Southern men have nothing to hope except what their arms can secure.

To all soldiers in the Army of the United States who have become tired of a war waged to free negroes and enslave white men I extend an invitation to lay down their arms and seek my command for protection; all such shall be treated as friends and brothers.

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding First Tennessee Regiment of Partisan Rangers, C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: You will dispose of the prisoners below named as follows: (1) Joseph Stiles, to be returned as a prisoner. If a case cannot be made out against him as a spy he will be valuable as a hostage for our citizens held as prisoners. (2) John Flagg, to be held as a hostage for citizens; (3) Jim Allen, to be paroled under cartel, if he is entitled to it, but if not to be held as hostage for citizens; (4) Stanley as a hostage for citizens; (5) Solomon Fisher, to be discharged and furnished transportation to his home; (6) Henry Mallard, to be paroled as a British subject work but not to go into any region of our country which may have been or which may hereafter be the theater of hostilities; (7) George William White, to be sent to provost-marshal at Staunton with instructions to parole him to remain in Augusta County and administer oath to demean himself as a good citizen; (8) S. Dickinson, to be discharged and furnished transportation to Chrtistiansburg, Va. ; (9) Aaron Bennett, to be sent to Staunton, and instruct provost-marshal to administer oath of allegiance and parole him to remain in such part of Augusta or adjacent counties where he may reside without injury to our cause; (10) Thomas Raleigh, to be discharged as a British subject on parole of good conduct; (11) George Miller, to be held as a hostage for our citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

JACKSON, January 27, 1863.

General PEMBERTON:

I have obtained from city authorities use of part of bridge remaining standing. By to-morrow afternoon I will be ready for 500 prisoners. It is perfectly safe and secure; can be guarded by few men. For more prisoners I will have to construct a high wall to pitch tents; no buildings to be obtained. Shall wall be made?

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, January 28, 1863.

Captain W. S. WINDER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: In reference to the accident which occurred yesterday morning when the prisoners were being sent off I wish to report the following: The prisoners were started from this prison at 4 o'clock a. m. and were

