
marched by the nearest and usual route to the Petersburg depot. The train was waiting to receive them but had backed nearer to the foot bridge that spans the canal than is usually the case, in consequence of which the prisoners had to be halted before they were all over which left a portion on the bridge and on this side. Before those in front could be gotten on board the bridge gave way and about sixty or seventy were thrown into the canal. All were rescued except two whose names I inclose. * This is clearly proven from the fact that at City Point the roll was called and the prisoners counted in the presence of the Abolition officer in charge of the Yankee boats and only two were missing. The rolls sent down called for 794 and I have the Federal officer's receipt for 792.

Proper persons were engaged all day yesterday in dragging for the bodies supposed to be drowned. Two were discovered as mentioned above. The coroner took charge of them. None of the guard who accompanied the prisoners were drowned.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

T. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

BRITISH CONSULATE, Charleston, January 30, 1863.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of State, Richmond.

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention for the third time to the imprisonment of John Carfoot, a British subject, in the political prison at Salisbury, N. C. It is now nearly two months since I first addressed myself to you respecting this matter. As yet no information has been furnished to me, although there is no reason why the particulars of the arrest should not have been conveyed to me in fifteen days after my first application. In again urging your attention to this case I feel it my duty to suggest to you the grave responsibility which will undoubtedly attach to those who have confined a subject of the Queen for upward of nine months without affording him an opportunity of proving his innocence, if indeed any charges have been preferred against him.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very obedient, humble servant,

ROBERT BUNCH,

Her Majesty's Consul.

CHARLESTON JAIL, February 2, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding Department.

SIR: I respectfully represent to you that I, as the late commander of the gun-boat Isaac Smith, with my brother officers have been confined as prisoners in the common jail. We are here upon the same footing with criminals, subject to even stricter rules, as we are not allowed what is called "the liberty of the yard" and provided with the same quarters and food. Under these circumstances, so humiliating to officers of our rank and position, I most respectfully but earnestly ask if we cannot be paroled, as has heretofore been the custom, as soon as the necessities of your service will permit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. CONOVER,

Acting Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Navy.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

