
quarters a list of clothing and what disposition has been made of them. You will be held responsible for it after you have received them.

By order of General Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALLEYTON, [TEX.,] February 10, 1863.

Major General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.

DEAR SIR: The political prisoners that were arrested by detachments from the Arizona Brigade I have turned over to the civil authorities in the counties in which they resided according to your orders. I am sorry to inform you that the arrests were made with much cruelty and violence to women and children and to the prisoners arrested. Affidavits have been made to be forwarded you, and I will thoroughly investigate the matter, and if true I will have the men arrested and punished and the officers who commanded the detachments arrested and held subject to your order. I have assured the citizens you will punish severely any injury inflicted on their rights, persons or you will punish severely any injury inflicted on their rights, persons or property. I learn some are disposed to doubt my authority to act as your adjutant-general as they say they have never seen it published that I was authorized to act for you. Would it not be well to publish in the newspapers that I must be respected and obeyed as one of your adjutant-generals? My only desire is to carry out your views in enforcing subordination, a proper regard for the civil law and the rights and privileges of our citizens. The officers of the Arizona Brigade do not enforce proper order, and until under the immediate command of a strict disciplinarian will not be efficient but will always make trouble. Colonel Hardmena is yet very sick, unable to leave his bed. Colonel Madison is in command. I hope you will pardon the liberty I have taken in addressing you personally as I believed it best to do so in this case. I will keep you regularly informed of all matters and transactions that take place in this country through the proper channel. All opposition to the General or State government has apparently subsided. I will prepare a history of the evidences that made it necessary to declare martial law for transmission to Richmond and send it to you for your approval.

With sentiments of esteem and respect, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. WEBB.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, Greeneville, February 10, 1863.

Colonel JOHN E. TOOLE, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: Some arrangement should be made at once for taking possession of and preserving all property subject to confiscation in this department. Men are continually leaving for Kentucky who always leave their property in the hands of some friend who disposes of it, thus defrauding the Government or rather the citizens of such property. A few days since one of the enrolling officers reported to me some property left in his district by Doctor Taylor, the notorious Lincolnite, which he said some women with whom Taylor had been living were removing. I told him to take possession of it, which he did of all to be found. A fine case of surgical instruments had been removed, also some other property. Shall he retain this property as I have ordered? If retained to whom shall I send it or report it? Another enrolling officer reports a cow or two belonging to the notorious Fry which I told him to hold

