
subject to orders from the authorities. Stockbridge left some property, mostly books, which his wife has been selling. Stockbridge having spent nearly all the property she had when he married her this may all be well enough. Shall I interfere? I would be glad to have some instructions on this point.

I am, sir, your humble servant,

JAS. H. ROBINSON,

Assistant Deputy Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, February 13, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: At the request of Mr. Robert Ould, agent of exchange, the Secretary of War directs that the following prisoners be brought to this city?

All the Federal commissioned officers who were captured previous to the 10th of December, 1862.

All the citizens of the United States not in the Confederate States at the commencement of the war who have been captured or arrested and are now confined in the military prisons of the department.

All officers and men belonging to the home guards of Virginia, Tennessee and Kentucky.

If any of the above mentioned are within the limits of your command will you please have them sent to this city as soon as practicable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Sent copies to General Bragg and Lieutenant-General Pemberton ordering them to execute.

J. E. J.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, February 13, 1863.

Surg. JOHN WILKINS,

In charge of C. S. Military Prison Hospital.

SIR: I send you to-day six boxes marked "Thos. T. May, Libby Prison Hospital, care Agent of Exchange, Fort Monroe. " The boxes contain articles of various kinds for the use of the Federal sick and wounded in your hospital. I am directed by General Winder to turn these boxes over to you with the request that you examine them, make an inventory of the articles they contain and distribute them as your judgment may suggest. Please acknowledge the receipt of this and when the inventory is made out send me a copy to be forwarded to headquarters.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL,

Richmond, Va., February 13, 1863.

Captain THOMAS P. TURNER, Commandant of Post.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter and six boxes marked "Thos. T. May, Libby Prison Hospital, care Agent

