
to the United States. He saw General Butler and not I. I was asked no questions and subjected to no test. The pass was drawn by General Butler's adjutant. I signed my name to it. It was then handed me and so the matter ended. I did with a willing heart and free conscience take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States of America in San Antonio months before going to Louisiana, and by that oath alone with the help of God I ever expect to abide. I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

THEODORE HEERMANN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, Va., February 20, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Tullahoma.

GENERAL: At the request of Mr. Robert Ould, agent of exchange, the Secretary of War directs that the following prisoners be brought to this city: All the Federal commissioned officers who were captured previous to the 12th of January, 1863.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HINDMAN'S DIVISION,

Little Rock, February 22, 1863.

It has frequently happened that officers and men of this command captured and paroled by the enemy have remained a considerable time without exchange either with their companies or else at home rendering no service. Brigade commanders are directed to forward reports promptly setting forth the name, company, regiment and rank of every such paroled prisoner, when and where captured and whether in hospital or not when taken, so that they may be exchanged and returned to duty without delay. Regimental and company commanders must be required to make similar reports from time to time.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, February 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose for the information of the War Department a copy of a notice* which purports to have been issued by Admiral D. D. Porter, of the U. S. Navy, and copy of a retaliatory notification+ which I have caused to be communicated to the Federal authorities near Vicksburg.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted here; see Stevenson to Grant, February 24, and inclosure, p. 293.

+Omitted here; see Grant to Pemberton, Porter to Grant and Porter to Stevenson, March 2, pp. 308. For Seddon to Pemberton, March 20 and 28, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, pp. 679 and 696.

---------------

