
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, February 26, 1863.

W. H. SYME, Esq., Lewisburg, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 14th instant has been received, and in reply you are informed, first, that all prisoners who have been captured and paroled that were taken anywhere in Virginia prior to the 1st of November have been exchanged; second, the pay of a volunteer private continues during his captivity though paroled; third, the private should report to his regiment at once and I disabled placed on special duty; fourth the provost-marshal has no right to appoint your son assistant provost-marshal. The application for duty should be made through the officers of your son's regiment and proof of disability presented, and in that form be communicated to the Secretary of War.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, February 26, 1863.

M. J. SAFFOLD, Esq., Montgomery, Ala.

SIR: You have been selected by this Department and are hereby commissioned to make a full examination into the cases of all prisoners (not connected with the Confederate Army) now held in confinement by the military authorities of the Confederate States at any military post or prison in the State of Alabama or the Department of Western Georgia.

You will communicate this appointment to the military commanders in the said State and department and inquire where such prisoners are confined, and with as little delay as practicable will repair to the respective posts or prisons and enter upon the discharge of the duties assigned.

You are authorized to require the production of all documentary testimony and military orders respecting such prisoners; may examine any witnesses who can be produced for or against them, and may hear any statements which the prisoners desire or are willing to make.

You are authorized to discharge, either absolutely or upon such oath or parole as you may think proper, all prisoners against whom no well-founded suspicion of having violated any law of the Confederate States may exist, or whose longer detention you ma think not demanded by the public interests.

Orders will be issued to the commanding officers in the State of Alabama and the Department of Western Georgia to render you every facility in the discharge of your duties and to obey your instructions in regard to the prisoners you may examine.

A full report of your proceedings under this commission and your opinion with regard to each prisoner examined will be made by you as promptly as practicable.

You will notify the Department on receipt of this communication whether you will accept the position assigned you and when it will comport with you convenience to enter upon the discharge of the duties.

By way of compensation for your services you will be allowed the sum of $125 per month, and transportation will be furnished for all necessary travel by the commandants of the several posts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

