
C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, March 4, 1863.

[Captain W. S. WINDER.]

CAPTAIN: The number of prisoners having greatly increased in the last few days, and having just received from Robert Ould, esq., rolls containing nearly 4,000 names of paroled prisoners of war that have been sent North which he has referred to me in order to compare them with the prison books that I may certify as to date of capture, which he says is necessary to have with his next interview with the Federal commissioner of exchange of prisoners, my time will consequently be so much occupied at the prison as to prevent me from attending closely to the temporary duty at provost-marshal's office to which I was assigned by Special Orders, Numbers 49. I therefore respectfully request that I may be relieved from that duty if in your judgment no inconvenience may result from it.

Your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

P. S. -The provost-marshal's assistant who has been sick for some time returned to duty to-day and I suppose my services can be dispensed with without serious inconvenience.

T. P. T.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 5, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.

SIR: I received your letter of the 28th ultimo in reference to the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Keith, Sixty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, and have directed General Donaldson, commanding at Knoxville, to investigate the matter and report the facts to the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

VICKSBURG, March 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

General Grant will not receive non-commissioned officers and privates without the commissioned officers. Please do not send the prisoners to this place.

N. G. WATTS,

Major and Agent.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Adams who will not forward any of the prisoners of Vicksburg.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. C. TAYLOR,

Aide-de-Camp.

