
IV. Commanding generals will require all persons connected with the Army to make immediate report of all slaves arrested or coming into their possession; and if claim is not promptly made and established by the owner will send such slaves with a register of the place and date of their arrest with as little delay as practicable to the nearest depot in the Sate wherein the capture is made. They will also require all officers and soldiers now employing slaves forthwith to report the same and those hereafter employing them within ten days thereafter, with the names and residence of their owners and of the person by whom they were hired out and of the officer or soldier hiring, and return such reports as soon as received to this office; and will in all other respects enforce from the officers and men under their command a strict and prompt observance of the requirements of the above-recited acct of Congress.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 7, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON, Jackson, Miss.:

Use your discretion with regard to men taken as prisoners of war. Enlist if any are willing. Let any willing take the oath of allegiance. Put any willing to work. Parole and dismiss toward their own country such as you may deem safe.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., March 7, 1863.

Captain J. M. OTEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: Under the approval of Brigadier-General Ripley I expect to send to Richmond in a few days the wounded prisoners of war captured on board the Isaac Smith together with sundry prisoners belonging to Confederate regiments now in North Carolina and Virginia. I would respectfully ask if the prisoner of war Calvin Jones shall e sent at same time or be detained longer. He belongs to Company D, Ninth Maine Regiment, and was sent here by Brigadier-General Walker on the 19th February last, and was captured but a short time previous to that date. I omitted to state that he is not a commissioned officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. GAILLARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

VICKSBURG, March 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Can I send Federal prisoners to Jackson?

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

