
Send as complete rolls with them by regiments, and companies and accounts of pay and clothing as practicable, and furnish cooked rations for the route. The accompanying memorandum will show the points to which they should be sent. Three offices will be ordered to report to you to conduct the command. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of the General-in-Chief:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, December 15, 1862.

Memorandum. - Men belonging to the Army of the Potomac will join at Fredericksburg via Washington. Men belonging to General Grant's army or General Curtis' department will be sent to Benton Barracks thence to join their regiments; those of General Wright's department to Wallace, near Columbus, Ohio, and those of General Rosecrans' army to Nashville, Tenn. Men belonging to Mitchel's corps will be sent to Port Royal via New York. Two officers will conduct the detachment going west and one the detachment for New York and this city.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 15, 1862.

Hon. RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.

GOVERNOR: Your letter of the 6th instant addressed to the Secretary of War has been referred to me and in reply I have the honor to inform you that the prisoners taken at Lexington, Mo., have not been exchanged.

Lieutenant-Colonel Luldow, agent for the exchange of prisoners, will endeavor in his next interview with the agent of the rebel Government to effect and exchange of all prisoners captured in Missouri in mass, as very little is known by either party of capture made there. Some irregular exchanges have been made of which there is no official information.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, Ky., December 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General BOYLE,Commanding District of Western Kentucky.

GENERAL: A few days ago you instructed me to forward to Camp Chase all discharged rebel soldiers, also all deserters from the rebel army that had been in said may any length of time, and in pursuance

