
teams. On my trip up the Sabine two of the prisoners, one D. Chapin, of Company I, Forty-second Massachusetts Regiment, and H. C. Selea, of Company D, same regiment, died and were buried, the former at Stark's Ferry, Tex., and the other at Barr's Ferry, La. On my arrival at Alexandria I found no preparation made to receive the prisoners and was detained there and on river below until the 22nd February when I was ordered by Major-General Taylor to parole all my prisoners and proceed under a flag of truce to Port Hudson and report to General F. Gardner, commanding there, with the intention of proceeding by the way of Clinton to Tangipoahoa and thence up the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad. On the 23rd I arrived at Port Hudson meeting Major Watts and Colonel Szymanski, exchange officers on the part of Confederate States Government, returning from Baton Rouge with C. S. prisoners that day exchanged. I was ordered immediately to proceed accompanied by Colonel Szymanski to Baton Rouge and there turn over the prisoners in my charge to the U. S. exchange officer. On the 24th we arrived at and turned over all save and except two sent back sick from Beaumont to this place, one left in the hospital [at] Beaumont and the two who had died as herein reported. I herewith hand you the receipt of Colonel Szymanski, the exchange officer on the part of the Conferred States Government, for the 330 prisoners under my charge.

Having thus reported the manner of he discharge of my duty under your orders I await your further orders and have the honor to be, sir your very obedient servant,

W. J. HOWERTON,

Lieutenant, Prov. Army, C. S., Commanding Escort and Guard U. S. Prisoners.

CITY POINT, March 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General WINDER.

SIR: A flag-of-truce boat has arrived with 350 political prisoners, General Barrow and several other prominent men amongst them. I wish you to send me at 4 o'clock Wednesday morning all the military prisoners (expect officers) and all the political prisoners you have. If any of the political prisoners have on hand proof enough to convict them of being spies or of having committed other offenses which should subject them to punishment so state opposite their manes. Also state whether you think under all the circumstances they should be released.

The arrangement I have made works largely in our favor. We get rid of a set of miserable wretches and receive some of the best material I ever saw.

Tell Captain Turner to put down on the list of political prisoners the names of Edward G. Eggling and Eugenia Hammermister. The President is anxious they should get off. They are here now. This of course is between ourselves. If you have any female political prisoners whom you can send off safely to keep her company I would like you to send her. Two hundred and odd more political prisoners are on their way.

I would be more full in my communication if I had time.

Yours, truly,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[First indorsement.]

Send all called for in this letter unless they are charged with some criminal offense.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

