
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 21, 1863.

Colonel A. C. MYERS.

MY DEAR SIR: If the exigencies of our army require the use of trains for the transportation of corn pay no regard to the Yankee prisoners. I would rather they should starve than our own people suffer. I suppose I can safely put it in writing "Let them suffer. " The words are memorable and it is fortunate that in this case they can be applied properly and without the intervention of a lying quartermaster.

Very truly, your faithful friend.

RO. OULD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 51. Jackson, Miss., March 23, 1863.

I. The following act of Congress and regulation to enforce the same are published for the information of all persons concerned: *

II. Deports for recaptured slaves are hereby established at the following places, viz: Brookhaven, Miss., Enterprise, Miss., Camp Moore, La.

III. All persons connected with the Army will make immediate report of all slaves arrested or coming into their possession, and if claim is not promptly made established by the owner they will send such slaves, with a register of the place and date of their arrest, with as little delay as practicable, to the nearest depot in the State wherein the capture is made. All officers and soldiers now employing slaves will forthwith report the same, and those hereafter employing them within ten days thereafter, with names and residence of their owners, and of the person by whom they were hired out, and of the officer or soldier hiring, and return such reports as soon as received to this office; and will in all other respects enforce from the officers and men under their command a strict and prompt observance of the requirements of the above-recited act of Congress.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Jackson, Miss., March 24, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of U. S. prisoners of war received at this from Port Hudson on the 21st instant. The following is a list # of officers:

In obedience to orders from the lieutenant-general commanding, the above-named H. B. Francis, master's mate, was paroled and sent through the lines North. Amongst the seamen there is one negro, who is said to be a free negro. He is reported a seaman, but Captain Fontaine says he has been employed as cook. I respectfully ask for instructions in his case. He is at present confined with the others.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S., Commanding.

---------------

* Omitted here; see p. 844.

---------------

# Omitted.

