
all the facts and redress of my injustice done. I will advise you of the result of my inquiries.

With high regard, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RALEIGH, N. C., March 25, [1863.]

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Richmond, Va.:

General Pillow has sent a detachment of cavalry into Western North Carolina to enroll and arrest conscript without the shadow of law and in defiance of the proper authorities. Please order it stopped through Colonel Coltrart, Greeneville, Tenn., or there will be resistance and bloodshed.

Z. B. VANCE.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Houston, March 25, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I desire to know whether the major-general commanding has any suggestions to make or instructions to give in relation to the exchange of the Morning Light prisoners; what route they are to take, if they are to be sent forward for exchange and the course to be pursued in the premises in case he thinks proper to send forward. The officer charged with the delivery of the prisoners taken at Galveston has returned having completed his mission.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. SCURRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement]

The privates, sailors, petty officers, non-commissioned officers, &amp;c., to be sent to Vicksburg for exchange. The commissioned officers to be kept prisoners; all the commissioned officers to be sent to the prisons or the penitentiary at Huntsville if the Governor will consent. General Magruder has broached the subject to him and he has not yet answered. Brigadier-General Scurry will correspond with the Governor and if it can be done will send them to Huntsville under proper guard.

J. B. M.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 28, 1863.

J. M. BAKER, Esq., Richmond, Va.

SIR: You are informed in reply to yours of the 14th instant that you are entitled to pay during your detention by the enemy according to your position in the army at the time of your capture.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 28, 1863.

Honorable JAMES M. BAKER, House of Representatives.

SIR: Your letter of the 22nd instant inclosing a communication from Dr. H. Bacon asking intervention of the Government in behalf of certain citizens of Saint Mary's, Ga., taken prisoners by the enemy, has

