
been received and referred to Mr. Ould, commissioner for exchange of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, S. C., March 28, 1863.

General SAMUEL COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of General Orders,* Numbers 49, War Department of the United States, dated Washington, D. C., February 28, 1863, in relation to paroles.

I do not suppose that the observance of the order in question will affect this department in any way; that is it is not anticipated that it will be desirable at any time to release prisoners of war on the field of battle in this department; yet as this may not be the case at all times in other department I have deemed it my duty to bring the matter to your attention in this way.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 30, 1863.

Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON, Commanding, Columbia, S. C.

COLONEL: A communication from Commodore T. Turner, U. S. Navy, has been received at these headquarters in which he inquires particularly if the U. S. naval officers who are in confinement at Columbia are in need of money or any assistance from the United States Government. The general commanding desires that you will furnish the above information as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, March 30, 1863.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE, Government of North Carolina.

SIR: Your letter # of the 22nd of February addressed to me at Warm Springs was not received by me until now owing to the fact that I was absent from the department. I am obliged to you for the compliment any manner in which you have been pleased to speak of the small service which I had the honor to perform while on duty in your State. I assure you that I agree entirely in the sentiments you express relative to the reported shooting of prisoners by the troops under the command of Colonel Keith. I know nothing of the facts, the transaction having taken place before I was placed in command of the troops operating in North Carolina. No report was made to me the affair before I left. I have forwarded your letter to General D. S. Donelson, commanding department, who will no doubt give the matter proper attention.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

W. G. M. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Omitted here; seep. 306.

---------------

# Not found.

