
of said order I have prepared a descriptive list of such persons confined in the military prison of this city and intended forwarding them as directed, but I find this morning's Journal General Orders, No. 31, which issued from headquarters of General Rosecrans (said order please find inclosed*) on the subject of desertions from Confederate Army to which I beg leave to call your attention, and will hold the prisoners subject to your further orders. It seems to me that General Rosecrans invites these men to desert, and says to them on their entering into bond for future good conduct they shall have protection as long as they faithfully observe the laws of the Government and deport themselves as peaceable citizens. Now, general, if this class of men are confined at Camp Chase it will place the Government in the attitude of holding out false reports - hopes to her people - and in lieu of making friends we embitter them against their country. Hoping that you will approve my action I await further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY DENT,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General of Kentucky.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, No. 186. Baltimore, Md., December 15, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

The camp of paroled prisoners at Annapolis, Md., is hereby announced as under the exclusive command of Lieutenant-Colonel Sangster, Forty-seventh New York State Militia, and the guards furnished for duty at the camp from the Sixty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers will be recognized while thus employed as subject only to the orders of that officer.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Wool:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, December 16, 1862.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY, Saint Paul, Minn.:

As you suggest let the executions fixed for Friday, the 19th instant, be postponed to and be done on Friday, the 26th instant.

A. LINCOLN.

Private. - Operator please send this very carefully and accurately.

A. L.

INDIANAPOLIS, December 16, 1862.

Hon. EDWIS M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Will your please order the paroled Indiana prisoners taken at Hartsville, Tenn., sent here? It is conceded on all hands that they behaved most gallantly. We have comfortable barracks for 8,000 men, and telegraphed you a few days ago asking that all the paroled Indianians at Columbus, Chicago and elsewhere be sent here. If this is done I will

---------------

*Omitted here; see Series I, Vol. XX, Part II, p. 122.

---------------

