
RICHMOND, April 2, 1863.

General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has suspended until the 10th instant the sentence of death against Captain A. C. Webster, of Peirpoint's army. Please directs the necessary measures in the matter.

Very respectfully,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., April 3, 1863.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of State.

SIR: Inclosed you will find sundry papers respecting John Carfoot, late prisoner at Salisbury, N. C., of whose detention complaint has been made as you advised this Department by the British consul. The reports of General Winder, commanding the military prison at Salisbury, N. C. ; of General Ransom, by whose order Carfoot was sent to Salisbury, and of Mr. Wellford, who at the time of the reception of your letter was engaged in the examination of political prisoners at Salisbury and who was specially instructed to make inquiries into Carfoot's case, with their inclosures, are respectfully submitted.

For Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SALISBURY, N. C., January 3, 1863.

Captain H. MCCOY, Commanding C. S. Prison.

SIR: You will discharge the following-named prisoners in accordance with an order from the Secretary of War, viz: Edward Barnes, John Carfoot, John Delaney, Charles Deckwer, James Graham, Henry Kniping, William McKinney, Samuel McLure, James E. Roberthson, Daniel Scholly.

By order of General Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 9, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Inclosure an unofficial letter from Captain Samuel B. Waters, C. S. Army, stationed at the C. S. military prison at Salisbury, N. C., in reference to certain prisoners some time since discharged from that prison. Captain Waters' letter was written in reply to one from myself asking information in reference to these parties, demanded by certain letters forwarded to me during my recent visit to Salisbury, but which not arriving before I had left were returned to me by mail in this city. Information about the Moomans was called for by the Honorable W. R. Staples, of Virginia, and about John Carfoot by the British consul.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. R. WELLFORD, JR.

