
[Sub-inclosure to inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON,Salisbury, February 26, 1863.

Mr. B. R. WELLFORD, Jr.

DEAR SIR: Your favor of February 23 duly received and in reply will state that a communication came to these headquarters some time since in regard to the prisoners Mooman. They were exchanged and sent North through [William P.] Wood, the Federal commissioner, on October 28, 1862. In regard to John Carfoot we have no papers whatever. The circumstances of his arrest were these: He was at New Berne at the time of the battle and did no leave when our forces evacuated the place. Some two or three days after he with another party went about three miles from the town to look after some cotton and were arrested by our pickets, who suspected them of endeavoring to get the cotton in the Yankee lines. He was taken before General Ranson and by him sent up here. Afterwards he was examined by Lieutenant Talley and released by the order of the Secretary of War January 3, 1863. He was captured April 7, 1862. During his confinement at this post he was allowed the parole of the grounds. Previous to his arrest and also to the battle of New Berne he was in the employment of the Confederate States as engineer on the of our steamers. Since his release he has been in the employment of the Western North Carolina Railroad Company.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL B. WATERS,

Captain Company A.

The Moomans were sent to Richmond to be exchanged through [William P.] Wood. If they are not now there they were sent on North. You can find it out by inquiry of General Winder. He has the list of the prisoners who were exchanged I suppose.

S. B. W.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 12, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER.

GENERAL: The Secretary of War is informed by the British consul that John Carfoot reported by you February 3 as having taken the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States denies the fact stated and the Secretary of State asks to be furnished with any evidence in your possession respecting him, with a copy of the oath and an account of the circumstances attending its administration and acceptance. You will give this matter your early attention and communicate the result of your investigation to this Debarment to be transmitted to the Secretary of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,March 13, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Captain McCoy, commanding C. S. military prison at Salisbury, N. C., for immediate answer.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

