
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON,Salisbury, N. C., March 16, 1863.

John Carfoot was discharged from the C. S. military prison at this post January 3, 1863. His discharge was unconditional, he not being required to take any oath whatever, it being by order of the Secretary of War forwarded through Brigadier-General Winder's headquarters.

H. McCOY,

Captain, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO, March 18, 1863.

Respectfully, your obedient servant to the honorable Secretary of War with the indorsement of Captain McCoy.

JNO H. WINDER,Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Camp near Wilmington, N. C., March 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army.

SIR: In reply to letter from the Secretary of War of 10th instant asking information relative to the arrest and sending to Salisbury, this State, of one John Carfoot I have the honor to state that the man was arrested by our pickets and brought to me. Upon an examination of his case it seemed he neither had had or was trying to have communication with the enemy. It was customary in detaining parties for them to be sent me to department headquarters with a statement of the case and the evidence thereon and the commanding general determined what it was proper to do with them. I was in charge of the outposts and did not take final action in such cases. This statement is from memory. I am certain through that at the time he was sent up the evidence was sufficient for his detention and imprisonment or he would not have been. It has not infrequently happened that from long delay the evidence in such cases has been lost. I do not remember anything of the man having been employed by our authorities

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSON, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., April 3, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I inclose an unofficial letter this day received from Captain S. R. Waters, C. S. Army, Salisbury, N. C., in regard to John Carfoot, late prisoner at that place, respecting whom complaint has been made by the British consul. Captain Waters inclose a written statement of Carfoot showing that he had been previous to his arrest in employment of the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. R. WELLFORD, JR.

[Sub-inclosure to Numbers 5.]

SALISBURY, N. C., March 30, 1863.

Mr. B. R. WELLFORD, JR.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will find a written statement in John Carfoot's own hand which will show you plainly that he was not only in

