
the employment of the Confederate States as an engineer but was also employment by our ordnance officer, Major Boone. I had him to write the statement himself in the presence of a witness. It was his own confession that I alluded to in my last letter to you, and if my affidavit is necessary I can give it to that effect. I go to Charleston on some business on Wednesday but will only be gone for a few days. In the meantime should you wish any further information you can write, as it will be but a short time ere I return.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL B. WATERS,

Captain.

[Sub to sub-inclosure to N. 5.]

SALISBURY, N. C., March 28, 1863.

I run as engineer on the steamer North State for Dibble and owned by Dibble &amp; Brothers but employed by the Confederacy; and next I was employed by Major Boone on the repairs of some machinery; and next I run as engineer on the steamer Johnston owned by Pender, also employed by the Confederacy. I was still in Major Boone's employ while the steamer run on Neuse River, but when we moved down to Fort Macon Captain Devine was our paymaster.

JOHN CARFOOT.

Attest:

his

PETER X BOWLIN.

mark.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., April 3, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH, Petersburg, Va.

GENERAL: Your attention is invited to the inclosed letter with the request that you will cause an early investigation to be made and have the grievances removed if you find that the complaints are well founded.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

PETERSBURG, VA., April 1, 1863.

We, the undersigned citizens of Fairfax County, have been confined in the Old Capitol Prison for some four weeks and were sent to Richmond for exchange. We have been at Camp Parole at this place for thing to eat and nothing to sleep [on] or cover with.

Your earliest attention to this will be gratefully received.

Yours, with respect,

F. G. FOX,

[And 11 others.]

P. S. -We wish to be sent to Richmond so we can form or join some company on the front.

[Indorsement.]

MODEL FARM, Near Petersburg, April 1, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I was at the camp of the paroled prisoners just now and had an interview with them, and when some of them mentioned and I advised this letter to you, and I beg to add my request that you will interested yourself in their behalf. They have been sufferers.

I am, respectfully,

R. R. COLLIER,

55 R R-SERIES II, VOL V

