
Resolution of the C. S. House of Representatives adopted April 4, 1863.

Resoled, That a special committee of five be appointed to inquire into and report to this House as early as practicable-

1. What punishment if any in violation of law has been indicted upon prisoners confined in Castle Thunder the kind and character of the punishment inflicted by the officers of the prison.

2. How many have been killed, by whom and the circumstances under which they were killed.

3. That the committee have power to send for persons and papers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 6, 1863.

W. O. TUGGLE, Esq., La Grande, Ga.

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 23rd ultimo you are informed that if you were actually in custody as prisoners after your parole and made your escape from such custody your are entitled to join your command at once; but if you were enjoying liberty under your parole and were merely on your way to a place from which you might more easily reach home and abandoned the officers whew were conducting you under an impression that you might be detained there you would be bound by your parole notwithstanding your escape. It is probable that your exchange has been effected are this as there were no such orders as in represented in your letter.

Respectfully,

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MONTEREY, April 6, 1863.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Richmond.

SIR; Herewith you will find duplicate copies of the correspondence* between General bee and Governor Lopez, of Tamaulipas (marked A, B, C and D), in regard to the parties abducted at the mouth of the Rio Grande on the 15th ultimo and reporting their return to the right bank of the river. E. J. Davis and three others, all that have come into General Bee's possession and of whom he could obtain some information, are now in Matamoras. I hope that no serious consequences will ensue and that amicable relations will be continued. No news from the interior of Mexico.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. A. QUINTERO.

TARBOROUGH, EDGECOMBE COUNTY, N. C.,

April 7, 1863.

Mr. SECRETARY.

SIR; I write you a few lines asking you how a paroled prisoners is to know when he is exchanged for certain. Does the Richmond Enquirer give all the notice or not? Or where the enrolling officer gets his authority from. My sons were taken prisoners and I want to be certain of the exchange before they go back. I have asked some men and there seems to be difference of opinion about it. I

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XV, pp. 1128-1132.

---------------

