
also ask if they can leave the infantry and go to the artillery or not when they are exchanged, for one of sons is not able to march. You will please to answer me soon. Direct your letter to Tarborough, N. C., Edgecombe County.

Yours, most obediently,

WILLIAM COKER.

[First indorsement.]

Notice are published in the newspaper and in general orders.

[Second indorsement.]

A publication is made in the Richmond papers of the exchange which take place. All North Carolina prisoners taken prior to orders have been exchanged.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 7, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON, Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg.

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to send you the inclosed copies* of communications from the War Department and to say that he regrets that the tenor of your correspondence with Admiral Porter was not in accordance with his instructions; that hereafter your communications with the enemy will be guided by the considerations set forth in the indorsement of the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &c., Jackson, Miss.

GENERAL: Your letter of 26th asking instructions in regard to a negro captured on the U. S. steamer Mississippi has been received. In answer you are respectfully informed that the negro can be put to work in any of he workshops of the Government or on the fortifications or in any manner that may be regarded by you as advisable. The Department has determined that negroes captured will not be regarded as prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 8, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: I am directed by the President to forward for your attention and the proper action the following copy of a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 4th instant:

Resolved, That the President be requested to cause this House to be informed whether or not any special efforts have been yet made to obtain the release from imprisonment of Surg. Joseph E. Dixon, of the Ninth Battalion of Tennessee Cavalry, commander Lieutenant Colonel George Gantt, Surgeon Dixon being now in close confinement in the military prison of Johnston's Island, near Sandusky, in the State

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, p. 696.

---------------

