
of Ohio; and that the letter of Surgeon Dixon, and that of Lieutenant W. Dunnington herewith presented be transmitted to the President for his consideration with a vie to facilitating such action in the case as may secure the early release of Surgeon dixon from his present state of captivity.

Inclosed please find the letters referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

JOHNSON'S ISLAND MILITARY PRISON,

Near Sandusky City, Ohio, March 3, 1863.

Honorable H. S. FOOTE, Member of Congress, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will find a letter from Lieutenant John W. Dunnington, C. S., Navy, which I hope will receive your kind consideration. Though a stranger to you I address you this letter hoping to interest you in my behalf that justice may be done myself and the Confederate Government, to which I claim allegiance and of which I expect protection. I am a Tennessean, a citizen of the Confederate States and a surgeon in the army. I was appointed surgeon of the Ninth Battalion of Tennessee Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George Gantt, of Columbia, Tenn. The Ninth Battalion was transferred to the Confederate service between the 1st and middle of December, 1861. Lieutenant Colonel Gantt's battalion was at Fort Donelson and was included in the surrender which took place February 16, 1862, after which I was held a prisoners for four months, then unconditionally released as a surgeon. I went to my home near Columbia, Maury County, Tenn., where I remained a short time and then procuring the required passes, &amp;c., I proceeded South to rejoin the army, &c. I had no trouble whatever until I arrived at the headquarters of General McCook (since killed) who commanded at Battle Creek. Upon examining my pass he consented for me to proceed, but after delaying some time caused me to arrested and returned to Huntsville, Ala. From there I was sent to Camp Chase and from there to this island.

For seven long dreary months I have been an occupant of either guard-house or prison, an innocent sufferer. I have done nothing to justify the treatment I am receiving and I think certainly my Government is not aware of the outrage. I have appealed to the authorities at Washington time and again but all to no purpose. So far I have been denied either an exchange or release, the latter of which is due every surgeon as they are non-combatants and so far as I am aware is indented by our authorities to all Federal surgeon. My treatment would have been intolerable did I not have the pleasing satisfaction of knowing that General McCook who ordered my arrest has gone to reap the reward of his doings- a reward richly deserved by him and all others engaged like him in this unholy nigger war. Several gentlemen have left here on exchange who promised faithfully to represent the outrageous conduct of the Lincoln Government in disregarding previous agreements, &c. (in holding surgeon as prisoners, of which I am the unfortunate subject and sufferer), but have failed to comply with their promise, which was a duty they owed their Government, or else the authorities at Richmond have disregarded the report and thereby neglected their duty in allowing a citizen and soldier of the Confederate States to be grossly imposed upon. I appeal to you as a Representative of Tennessee to use every means in your power for my release from prison. Urge upon the authorities an immediate demand

