
the Model Farm [Barracks] for enrollment as conscripts. They receive the same rations at other soldiers but are without bed-clothing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. KER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PETERSBURG, April 9, 1863.

Major General S. G. FRENCH.

SIR: In answer to the inquiry whether or not the men of my company agreed to pay Mr. R. R. Collier for procuring their discharge from the service I will say that many of them did inform me that they had done so. The sums they agreed to pay I do not know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BATTE,

Captain Company A, Militia.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 76. Tullahoma, April 9, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. The general commanding has been informed that a free and unrestricted intercourse with prisoners of war has been allowed to the officers and soldiers of this army and citizens. This practice is most pernicious to the well-being and discipline of the Army. Such intercourse will not hereafter be allowed except upon written permission.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONSULATE OF FRANCE AT RICHMOND,

Richmond, April 10, 1863.

Honorable W. M. BROWNE, Assistant Secretary of State, Richmond.

SIR: I have received with the letter of the 5th of this month which you have done me the honor to write three copies of he supplementary report of the Secretary of War relative to the exchange of prisoners between the Government of the Confederate States and that of the United States. I thank you for sending the documents, which in conformity to the desire which you have verbally expressed to me will be transmitted by me to the Department of Foreign Affairs at Paris.

I beg you, sir, to accept the assurance of the high consideration of your very humble and very obedient servant,

ALFRED PAUL.

Treatment of Prisoners in Castle Thunder, Richmond, Va.

Evidence taken before the committee of the House of Representatives of the Confederate States appointed to inquire into the treatment of prisoners at Castle Thunder.

SATURDAY, April 11, 1863.

WILLIAM CAUSEY sworn:

I live in Elizabeth City County but have been in Richmond since January, 1861, employment as a detective in General Winder's detective police force.

