
Question. Was sufficient clothing obtained in that way to clothe all the destitute.

Answer. I can't say that every was furnished, but a great many were.

Question. Have you seen a prisoner with more than one suit of clothing?

Answer. Yes; some of them have, not many.

Question. Do you know such a man as George Wright, once a prisoner in the Castle?

Answer. Yes, sir; he has in the hospital when I saw him. His condition was very bad.

Question. Do you know anything of a deranged Yankee prison who was brought from the Libbly Prison to the Castle and shot in attempting to escape.

Answer. Yes; he was brought from the Libbly Prison for sake-keeping having attempted to get out of that place. He was shot at the Castle in attempting to run the sentinel. The sentinels had been changed and the sentinel who shot him not know I think that he was crazy. I don't know whether Captain Alexander was present there or not.

Captain ALEXANDER. No, Mr. Chairman, I was not the Castle at that time.

Question. What officer received him?

Answer. I think it should have been done.

Question. When soldiers are arrested on the street and taken to the Castle is it customary for an examination to be made into the charges against them?

Answer. They are never arrested except without papers and the returns are made every morning to the provost-and General Winder.

Question. Then you put them all in among the "wharf rats" of New Orleans and the "plug uglies" of Baltimore?

Answer (by Mr. WARD). If the committee will allow me I will explain that point. When meant are arrested on the street and elsewhere and sent to the prison their papers are examined. If regular they are discharged; if irregular they are put back until a case can be substantiated or disproved. If the prisoners are sent by the provost-marshal or General Winder the commandant of the prison has no authority to discharge and they are put back. If at the expiration of a reasonable time their case remains undisposed of a letter detailing the facts is forwarded asking an investigation. Some prisoners have remained in the prison a long time it is true, the difficulty of getting testimony and collecting witnesses operating against an early investigation. Again instances have occurred where they have been taken on wrist of habeas corpus.

Question. Are not a great many soldiers taken up and confined there who have merely overstayed their furlough?

Answer (by Mr. WARD). Yes; men are sent there frequently from the provost-marshal or General Winder's office with an order to this effect- "Confine these men and send them to their regiments," and such men are sent daily to the army or to Sergeant Crow at the barracks, or under and escort of he commandant of the prison post.

