
Major General S. R. CURTIS:

The prisoners taken at Lexington, Mo., have not been exchanged.

W. HOFFMAN.

FORT MONROE, December 16, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

Have you yet received the lists of paroles of Rosecrans' captures?

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Near Annapolis, Md., December 16, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have completed the shipment of men to the Army of the potomac by water and to all other corps by railroad with the exception of men in hospital and such stragglers as may come in, which I am confining in the guard-house as a reward. In a day or two I will be able to say how many are sick in hospital here and Annapolis. I send complete roll of all the men I have sent away. To-morrow I will be able to again complete my new organization of camp and will report to you a complete list of last arrivals form Richmond.

Hoping you will excuse my delay, having worked all my force night and day to forward the transportation of exchange men,I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, December 16, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: Having been absent from camp for a few days on account of illness I returned yesterday and found yours of the 6th instant in regard to Order 193. Upon constitution with Commissioner Galloway we had come to the conclusion before writing you on the 1st instant that the order did not apply to prisoners confined at this post, because excepted in the third paragraph as amenable for trial before Mr. Galloway, the military commissioner appointed for that purpose. Without containing any specific instructions on this point the tenor of your letter appears to contemplate separate action on my part without regard to the commissioner at all. If I have been mistaken in my construction of the order please telegraph me and I will proceed to execute the order as fully as circumstances will permit. I have thought my construction of this order correct, particularly as the examinations of Commissioner Galloway have been sent from time to time to the War Department, and the discharges continued on his recommendations as formerly. Had the order contemplated a different disposition of these prisoners it appears to me they would have so directed. There is but one prisoner from this State and his discharge

