
By the CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE:

Question. State what you know about the treatment of the inmates of the prison.

Answer. At times I have known Captain Alexander to o prisoners; at times they very opposite, extremely harsh and domineering. I have been the recipient of his kindnesses and on the contrary I have received treatment from him which to describe [witness excited] I would prefer being interrogated as I proceed.

CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE. Go on and give you testimony in your own way.

Question. Is Captain Alexander kind?

Answer. I consider him the very opposite of kindness and it is so a general rule. I myself have experienced some of his inhumanity.

Question. What is the character of his usual intercourse with prisoners?

Answer. At times he is kind and at other times extremely rough and uncouth, then kind again and then rough as the fit taken him. Simply for going into the hospital by order of the surgeon in charge, Doctor Coggin, Captain Alexander threatened to put me in the cell. I was ordered to the hospital by the surgeon to be treated for an affection of the throat. I was requested or rather invited by Doctor Coggin to visit the hospital daily for medical treatment; also to while away a few moments of my confinement in pleasant convection. This privilege was refused me by Captain Alexander with the treat if I violated his instructions he would put me in the cell. I am in the hospital now. I was taken from cell Numbers 3. last Friday and given the range of the citizens' room. On monday morning following while engaged in cleaning my teeth at the pump, the prisoner Campbell being present Captain Alexander came up to his room. We were talking together of the captain and matters about the Castle, and as Captain Alexander came up I turned on my heel to enter my rooms saying to Campbell (suiting the action to the words), "I have no more respect for Captain Alexander than I have for my royal Bengal stern. " I immediately went to my room and the officers came and took me out and confined me again in cell Numbers 3, a room about fifteen feet square and one window therein which was covered with boards. I had belonged to a mess in the prison room and the mess resolved to supply me with my meals. Mr. Allen, the warden, refused to let me have the food sent me and sent it back. I wrote a note to the mess and learned that it was refused. I was not allowed to purchase anything from the commissary. I asked for rations and they were refused me. I had nothing to eat from Friday morning to Saturday, some time during the day.

Question. On what charge are you confined?

Answer. I have been in prison since the 8th day of November last on suspicion of being a spy. I applied for and obtained a writ of habeas corpus, and on the 6th of March Mr. Aylett, the consul for the Confederate States, closed the case announcing that no evidence had been adduced to hold me on the charge. On the 11th of March judgment was rendered in the case by Judge Lyons and I was informed that I was at liberty to return to the North by flag of truce which I refused to do, &amp;c.

Question. What is Captain Alexander's treatment of the other prisoners under his charge.

Answer. Captain Alexander has his favorites. There are prisoners there whose sentences of court-martial condemning them to wear ball chain have not been carried out. I know of two instances and others have been told me by the prisoners. Any person or prisoner could be Captain Alexander's favorite if he would become his pimp. I could have been one I reckon.

Question. Relate what instances you know of sentences not being carried out.

Answer. I know of one young man who was sentenced by court-martial to wear a ball and chain whose sentence was not carried out. He was sentenced to ball and chain and hard labor. He was a fine young man and I assigned him to write a letter to the President of the Confederate States asking a communication of the sentence. The charge against him was assaulting his superior officer and desertion. He was in the citizens' room and never had the ball and chain on.

