
is ordered on executing loyalty bond. There are only about 300 still remaining in prison, of which say 200 are from Virginia and perhaps 50 from Kentucky. Of this number about 100 have been examined and their discharge recommended on different terms.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER ZINN,

Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, No. 131. Near Annapolis, Md., December 16, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XIV. The officer commanding detachment Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers doing guard duty at Camp Parole will make his morning report at these headquarters every day at 9 a. m., bringing the guard book for examination and to receive instructions.

XV. Guard mounting will hereafter be conducted strictly in accordance with Army Regulations and at 8 a. m.

XVI. There will be an officer of the day and an officer of the guard who will be held to a strict accountability for the carrying out of General Orders, No. 24, and Special Orders, No. 126, paragraph XVI, from these headquarters.

XVII. No officer of the detachment will be at any time absent from his command without authority from these headquarters, and then only if approved by the officer commanding the detachment.

XVIII. All passes to men to Annapolis must be approved at these headquarters.

XIX. The officer commanding detachment doing guard duty at this camp in accordance with Special Orders, No. 186, paragraph IV, from headquarters Eighth Army Corps, being subject by it to the orders only from these headquarters will make no change in his officers or men without authority from these headquarters.

By order of George Sangster, lieutenant-colonel, commanding paroled prisoners:

JAMES E. DOUGHTY,Adjutant.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 17, 1862.

Hon. GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

SIR: In reply to a resolution of the House of Representatives directing the Secretary of War "to inform the House what steps if any have been taken for the release of sutlers and other non-combatants attached to our army now held as prisoners at Richmond and elsewhere" I have the honor to transmit the inclosed report of the commissioner for exchange of prisoners, stating what steps have been taken in reference to the subject of inquiry.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, December 17, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: In reference to the resolutions in the House of Representatives of the 15th instant calling for information in regard to the exchange

