
I am gratified to say that I expected it if you. I trust the more recent outrage behind your own flag under Lieutenant-Colonel Hawkins, complained of in my letter of yesterday, will be as promptly and honorably redressed.

Your communication of the 15th of as to the difficulty of having uniforms for your men is also received. The reasons you give have weight, but are not in my judgment sufficient since a designation badge however slight is all that I ask.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Nashville, December 17, 1862.

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication in reference to Judge Marchbanks, a political prisoner confined at Camp Chase, whose release as a non-combatant you therein ask. And in reply I am constrained to inform you that I have no power to act in this case, Judge Marchbanks being under the exclusive control of the Secretary of War, to whom your letter has accordingly been referred.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., December 17, 1862.

Captain H. W. FREEDLEY, Washington, D. C.

CAPTAIN: After completing the duty assigned to you at Indianapolis you will proceed to Alton and Saint Louis and obtain from the commander of the prison at the former place and the provost-marshal-general at the latter the orders announcing the trial and sentence of political prisoners now held at either of the two places named or at the depot as Sandusky. You will then return to this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HEADQUARTERS PAROLED PRISONERS, Near Annapolis, Md., December 17, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SIR: I have the honor to report that General Wool yesterday placed under my command the guard which was at my camp, amounting to 175 men, and to-day Colonel Staunton, commanding at Annapolis, has taken them and officers away, which are the best I have had there from his regiment, and left me 110 men. I issued the order I received to the commandant of the detachment of guard in accordance with your

