
Every parole or list of paroled prisoners presented for exchange must show upon its face in addition to the name and rank of the prisoner where the capture was made, when made and the disposition made of the prisoner; that is whether retained or sent to or permitted to go to the lines of the enemy. The usual method is to retain the original paroles on file in the office of the inspector-general of the department in which the capture was made and forward to this office a list of the prisoners showing upon its face the facts before mentioned and certified as a true copy of the original roll of paroles by the inspector-general, and countersigned "official" by the adjutant-general of the department. Please have the inclosed paroles perfected and return to this office at ; your earliest convenience.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HATCH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, TENN., April 13, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: Under ordinary circumstances I would not intrude upon your valuable time, but I am constrained from a sense of duty to ask your attention to a few words in relation to a worthy citizen, a neighbor of mine. To be brief, Dr. Joseph E. Dixon, a citizen of Maury County, Tenn., was taken prisoner at donelson and was released, being surgeon. He returned to his home in this country then in the enemy's lines, reported himself to General Negley, in command of the Federal forces, and in some fifteen or twenty days General Negley gave him a pass to go to Richmond and Doctor Dixon went via Huntsville, Ala. There he reported himself to General buell and received a pass to Decatur, but when next morning it was reported that fighting was going on in the neighborhood of Decatur and he called to have his route changed and General Buell being out, General Rousseau gave him a pass to go by way of Battle Creek to Chattanooga. With this pass he arrived upon Battle Creek and unfortunately for him a battle was expected there and General McCook, in command of the Federals, complained to General Buell of General Rousseau for granting said pass and General Buell him arrested and sent to Johnson's Island, where he has been confined ever since, now seven or eight months. I have the facts upon reliable information. Doctor Dixon was surgeon of the Ninth Battalion of Tennessee Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt. He was released as a surgeon while his battalion was still in prison and was on his way to report to his Government and with the pass of the Federal general in his possession. There have been several general jail deliveries since his imprisonment but he seems to be forgotten. His wife and family and friends are in deep distress. I beg leave to suggest for your consideration that you make a special demand for his case and if possible that you have him released.

With my best wishes for your official and personal success, I am, your friend,

JAMES H. THOMAS.

[First indorsement.]

Is not this the case in reference to which Mr. Ould made a report to the Secretary of War?

