
orders, and also the orders to obey promptly all orders from these headquarters. I hope you will take this matter in hand so that I can have a guard that I can depend upon at all times and that understand the duties of my camp.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SANGSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR, Near Sandusky, Ohio, December 17, 1862.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the 16th instant of the resolutions of the Senate* of the United States calling for the number and names, charges and by whom [made] against citizens of Kentucky in the military prisons outside of the limits of said State, and by whose order arrested, together with your order for me to forward the information therein called for at the earliest practicable moment; in reply to which I forward herewith a roll of the citizens from Kentucky from the roll books of the headquarters. This roll will give the names, when and where captured, the date of receipt at this post; from whence received and when discharged, and so far as information has been forwarded to these headquarters the charges. I have, however, no information on the subject of the charges except as they are marked on the rolls, no charges having been forwarded with the prisoners, most of the prisoners having come from other camps. I have no knowledge when or by whose order they were arrested. Indeed I do not see as I can give any information beyond what is disclosed on the roll forwarded herewith.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. PIERSON,

Major Hoffman's Battalion, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

Kentucky citizen prisoners.

T. W. Allen, George Anderson, G. C. Bronaugh, E. H. Burnett, J. Chadwell, B. F. Chrissman, A. P. Davis, J. M. Dishman, J. H. Davis, T. F. Fisher, W. F. Gentry, S. B. Greenfield, J. R. Gentry, James Howell, J. C. Johnson, Elijah Jones, Patten Jones, T. B. Jones, W. Jones, J. H. Jones, J. D. Lillard, Jake A. Lowey, T. Murphy, John McCarney, John Mealer, G. W. Norris, Newton M. Osment, M. N. Powell, B. F. Reed, W. D. Ryan, C. C. Skillman, Harvey Tanner, Matthew Thompson, Robert Vowells, William Wallace, R. J. Warsham, George Whitsell.

[DECEMBER 17, 186- For General Orders, No. 11, Department of the Tennessee, expelling Jew traders, see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 424.]

---------------

*Reference is to resolution of December 5, p. 27.

---------------

