
brought the subject to his attention in as forcible and as earnest manner as possible. That I have demanded the release of all civilians held in confinement and have threatened retaliation. In addition, whenever I have been specifically informed of cases of incarceration I have made them the subjects of correspondence with the Federal agent. In many cases I have been successful in procuring the release of the parties named; in others I have not succeeded. Some have been released at the North and allowed to make their way to their own homes, and others have been brought on flag-of-truce boats to Varina and City Point. Some have been discharged unconditionally and others put on parole. With reference to the latter class all such have been relieved from any obligation contained in the parole whether it was to return at a certain time to secure the release of another person of any other obligation.

Some nine hundred so-called political prisoners have been received by me at Varina and City Point. About fie or six hundred were really non-combatants.

I have no means of knowing how many have been allowed to make their way to their own homes. Such parties do not report to me. They amount, however, to several hundred.

I have only a record of the names of such as were delivered at Varina and City Point and Vicksburg. Only a very few have been delivered at the latter place. If it be pleasure of the House of Representatives that the names of all such be presented I will cause them to be separated from the rolls.

I have delayed until the present time this report because until within a few days past the whole subject was undetermined. I thought it best under the circumstances to wait long enough to ascertain whether the Federal authorities intended to carry out their agreement. I am now fully satisfied they have no such purpose.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[APRIL 20, 1863. - For Quintero to Benjamin, with inclosures, relative to the arrest of Colonel E. J. Davis and others, see Series I, Vol. XXVI, Part II, pp. 48-53.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA.,

Jackson, Miss., April 20, 1863.

Heretofore in taking the parole of prisoners capitate great irregularity has prevailed, and to obviate difficulty in future all officers who may parole prisoners will be guided by the following instructions received from the office for the exchange of prisoners at Richmond, viz: Each parole or list of paroled prisoners must show upon its face in addition to the name and rank of the prisoner his regiment and company, where the capture was made, when made and the disposition made of the prisoner; that is whether retained in prison or sent to or permitted to go to the lines of the enemy. The paroles thus made out will be sent to the office of the inspector-general of the department.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

