
RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1863.

[Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.]

SIR: I was delegated by the soldiers of the division under General T. J. Churchill, captured at Arkansas Post, to petition in the name of the entire command that they might be sent back to Trans Mississippi Army. The command which has been much reduced are anxious to return to that department as numbers of the different regiments are west of the river. Colonel Portlock's regiment, Captain Nutt's Louisiana cavalry, Johnson's (Texas) Spy Company and several other commands have a large portion of their command left on that side of the river, and most earnestly request that they may be allowed to replace them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. DUNNINGTON,

Ex-Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S.

CAMP HOLMES, Near Raleigh, N. C., April 22, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: Some time since I wrote to you informing you that myself and a boy some fifteen years of age were take prisoners on the 17th day of February and incarcerated the 2nd day of March. In answer to this letter I am informed that my case has been referred to Colonel Ould, Confederate agent for the exchange of prisoners. I have nothing from Colonel Ould in regard to the matter. My condition here is deplorable, nothing to sleep on or under and destitute of clothing. I hope, sir, you will have my case investigated as soon as convenient. I hereby transmit a copy of my appointment as captain of the Long Shoal Light Ship:

ON BOARD STEAMER HETZEL, October 10, 1862.

Mr. M. L. STRANSBURY:

SIR: You are hereby appointed keeper of the Long Shoal Light Ship, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasure of the United States.

H. K. DAVENPORT,

Commander, Commanding Sounds of North Carolina.

Respectfully, yours,

M. L. STRANSBURY,

Captain.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, April 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred by the President to the honorable Secretary of War.

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Winder. Is there any reason why these men should not be discharged under the cartel?

By order of Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

