
[Third indorsement.]

MAY 1, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War. Mr. Ould informs me that this man cannot be exchanged by reason of being an officer.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

MAYFIELD, Near Petersburg, Va., April 24, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: A large number of the Arkansas Post prisoners are quartered near my residence. From frequent conversations with these men I discover that many of them desire to be employed on the public defenses now being constructed around Petersburg. If there is no impediment to their thus employed it has occurred to me that the money expended on other laborers would be worthily bestowed upon these men. The works have progressed to a point near their quarters and with each day approach nearer. I thought the matter of sufficient importance to warrant me in so far trespassing upon your valuable time as to place the facts before your better knowledge and judgment, and am,

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. WHITWORTH.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 25, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Chief of Engineers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU, May 15, 1863.

Understanding that these troops have been armed and placed again in service within a few days past this letter is respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War.

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.

APRIL 24, 1863.

Lieutenant CAMPBELL:

Send the exchanged men to Franklin to rejoin their companies.

By order:

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HDQRS., Chaffin's Farm, Va., April 26, 1863.

Major General A. ELZEY, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I beg to submit the inclosed General Orders,* Numbers 49, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, February 28, 1863, and copies of papers received last night by flag of truce from Williamsburg. This morning I sent a reply to be forwarded to Colonel West, commanding Federal forces, Fort Magruder, informing him that I claim the prisoners that were paroled by Colonel Tabb and my assistant

---------------

* Omitted here; see p. 306.

---------------

