
adjutant-general, Captain [J. H.] Pearce, and that if the parole is not admitted hereafter such cases will not be paroled.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, WISE'S BRIGADE,Barhamsville, Va., April 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH JONES [Fifty-ninth Virginia], Commanding, &c.:

I have the honor to inclose a communication received per flag of truce from the Federal commander at Fort Magruder. It is I am satisfied only a means of ascertaining the locality of our picket-post. Please forward to General Wise.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. ADVANCE BRIGADE, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fort Magruder, Va., April 24, 1863.

To the CONFEDERATE COMMANDER IN FRONT.

SIR: I am directed by my commanding general to forward to you under flag of truce the inclosed General Orders,* Numbers 49, from the War Department at Washington, in reference to paroles.

I have the honor to remain,

ROBT. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND, April 26, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT OULD.

COLONEL: From the exchanged Confederate prisoners and other trustworthy persons I have learned that a large number of rank and file of Louisiana State troops paroled at New Orleans after the occupation of that city by Federal forces are now detained there and are not allowed the privilege of exchange in direct violation of Exchange Notice, Numbers 4, issued from your office. My attention among others was especially called to the case of Captain Gustave Le Gardeur, [jr.,] of Louisiana artillery, who after the battle of Shiloh went to New Orleans on recruiting service ad there was arrested on arrival of General Butler and afterwards paroled by his order. Many citizens are also confined in different forts and other places as political prisoners whose names it is difficult to ascertain in full, and it is merely by chance we learn of their fate as for instance in the case of James P. Shortridge who has been arrested by order of General Butler and is still in custody. Mr. Walden, formerly sheriff of New Orleans, has been taken prisoner while defending his home at Ponchatoula, La., during the raid of Federal troops at that place in the latter part of last month and not returned with others who were delivered to us at Port Hudson on the 8th of this month. I have the honor to submit the above statements for your consideration, and remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General,

In Charge of Paroled and Exchanged Prisoners at Jackson, Miss.

---------------

* Omitted here; see p. 306.

---------------

