
[Inclosure.]

BARRACKS CAMP, MODEL FARM,

Petersburg, Va., April 22, 1863.

Below is as true a statement of the condition of the Seventeenth Texas Cavalry as I am able to form under present circumstances without data, &amp;c.:

Trans-Mississippi: 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 4 captains, 8 lieutenants, 1 assistant quartermaster, 1 assistant commissary of subsistence, 350 privates under command of above officers. At present camp 180 privates. The balance of officers not being exchanged.

C. S. BLALOCK,

Sergeant-Major Seventeenth Texas Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA CAVALRY,Salem, Va., April 29, 1863.

[Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS.]

GENERAL: The tree prisoners handed over to you, to wit, Ezekiel S. Bloss, Hiram Bloss and Morgan Garrett, are citizens of Wayne County and officials of the usurped government of Virginia. They were arrested last fall during our occupation of the Kanawha Valley and in obedience to the proclamation of General Loring were released upon parole, and since that time they have so far as I know kept that parole and were not found fleeing from us upon the occasion of their late capture although fully aware of our presence for eight days. They are all men of influence and before the present war were men of good character and are now arrested as hostages for Charles W. and William Ferguson. I have been informed and believe that these prisoners have long since become repentant and are convinced of their error and are now willing to renounce in writing their allegiance to the United States Government and the usurped government of Virginia and take the oath to support the Constitution of the Confederate States and State of Virginia. If they will do this I hope they may be at once returned to their homes, not doubting that they will religiously respect their obligations, and I cheerfully recommend their release upon the aforesaid terms.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

M. J. FERGUSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

[First indorsement.]

Approved.

A. G. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Mag 9, 1863.

Respectfully submitted with the recommendation that these men be released on their taking the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States Government.

W. N. STARKE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

