HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES, Murfreesborough, December 18, 1862.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,Commanding U. S. Forces, Nashville, Tenn.

GENERAL: As you express your determination in your letter of the 11th instant to receive no more prisoners through your lines I am at a loss to know whether or not this will embrace Lieutenant-Colonel Moore and Lieutenant Dewald, his aide-de-camp-. These officers were among the captured at Hartsville, and included in the list furnished you and have been receipted and left behind by accident.

They await here your decision before being sent by the long and tedious route to Vicksburg or Aiken's Landing.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY, December 18, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BLUNT, Commanding U. S. Forces, Cane Hill.

GENERAL: I have received by the hands of Colonel Orme, bearer of flag of truce, your letter of the 17th instant in relation to the exchange of prisoners. It was agreed between us that flag for this purpose should be at Cane Hill every Wednesday. According to this agreement I sent on last Monday in time to reach Cane Hill by Wednesday 1 lieutenant and 259 lieutenant men, prisoners in my hands, the officer being instructed to exchange for any of my command in your hands and to parole the balance until exchanged. Previously I sent within your lines nine officers and three enlisted men under the same instructions to my bearer of flag.

You therefore depart from the agreement in sending a flag elsewhere and I would be justified in detaining the bearer. I do not care to do so. The officer bearing this is directed to receive what prisoners he actually brings as in exchange for the proper number of those before paroled by me. Such as you claim exchanged for as paroled by you must first be known to be of the C. S. Army and properly captured. This requires more time than it would be agreeable on either side to keep your flag party at my outpost, and the matter can be better arranged at Cane Hill on next Wednesday.

Respectfully,T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Goldsborough, December 18, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, U. S. Army, Kinston, N. C.

SIR: I send under flag of truce a train to Kinston with Surgeons Willey and Taylor and a few men to act as nurses for the wounded Confederate soldiers at that place. I would thank you to give them any assistance in your power consistent with duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

