
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, May 2, 1863.

The following telegram from General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, is published for the information of all concerned:

All men delivered by the Federal authorities at City Point are duly exchanged and fully released from their paroles.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

All soldiers so delivered belonging to this army are hereby ordered to join their proper commands without delay.

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIRST LOUISIANA HOSPITAL,

Brookhaven, Miss., May 2, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana, Jackson, Miss.

GENERAL: On 29th ultimo the Federal cavalry force under Colonel Grierson entered this place and made prisoners the sick soldiers, their nurses and the other attendants of this hospital. They were regularly paroled and a correct list* of them is herewith forwarded. Having been short of provisions since 26th of April and unable to obtain supplies from Jackson in consequence of injury to the railroad I was compelled to send off with leave of absence for twenty days such men as could without difficulty reach their homes. A list* of these men is also forwarded. I have to state that the conduct of the enemy toward the hospital and its officers was entirely proper. Nothing was injured or disturbed in the slightest particular. There are here remaining fifty-eight men, paroled prisoners, awaiting your orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MAURY,

Surgeon in Charge.

JACKSON, May 3, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

General Buckner says Federal prisoners can be sent to Selma, Ala. Shall I send them?

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, May 3, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Have not heard from Montgomery. Telegraphed Selma. Commanding officer there says he can take the Federal prisoners if General Buckner is willing. Have telegraphed General Buckner. Received no answer yet. What shall I do?

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

