
JACKSON, May 3, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

The following dispatch has just been received from Robert Ould:

All officers and men who have been delivered at City Point, Va., by the Federal authorities up to this date are fully exchanged and fully released from their parole.

RO. OULD.

JOHN ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Tullahoma, Tenn., May 4, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

SIR: I send you herewith a note which I have just received from Colonel Joel A. Battle upon the subject of the arrest and imprisonment at Camp Chase of his daughter Miss Fannie Battle and Miss Booker. They are refined and very excellent young ladies belonging to the best families in the county, and were arrested alone upon the ground of their strong and openly avowed sympathies with the Confederate cause. Miss Battle has had two brothers killed in battle and her father dangerously wounded at the head of his regiment (the Twentieth Tennessee) at the battle of Shiloh. General Bragg tells me that he can do nothing here in the premises and advises me to address you upon the subject. I trust that the peculiar character of this case will be held to justify the most speedy and decided action. If these ladies are not liberated is it not legitimate to retaliate by placing in close confinement a number of Federal officers?

Very respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

[First indorsement.]

Mr. S. .

Answer Governor Harris and inform him of what I have done.

J. A. SEDDON.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 11, 1863.

Mr. OULD:

Another shameful outrage of the enemy in spite of their promise to cease such arrests. Do all you can to procure the release of these ladies.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, May 19, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Honorable James A. Seddon, Secretary of War. Miss Battle and Miss Booker were delivered at City Point, Va., May 13, 1863, via flag-of-truce boat.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Inclosure.]

WINCHESTER, TENN., May 4, 1863.

Honorable I. G. HARRIS.

DEAR SIR: A rumor reached me some days since that one of my daughters, Fannie, has been arrested by the Federal authorities and

