
would probably be sent to a Northern prison. Yesterday I learned for the first time that the report was certainly true and that she was confined closely at Camp Chase in a room adjoining a hospital. Another young lady, Miss Harriet Booker, a daughter of one of our friends in my neighborhood, was arrested at the same time and is confined with my daughter. I have no personal acquaintance with either General Johnston or General Bragg and I would take it as a very great kindness in you if you will see them and know if anything can be done by which my daughter and Miss Booker can be exchanged or the Federals induces to give them up. I am not advised as to whether we have any ladies prisoners in the South, but if their newspaper accounts are true there are some in our lines who ought to be if they persist in their policy of incarcerating our women and burning our houses. A copy of the Nashville Union now before me of a late gives an account of the cordial reception of Federal prisoners by the ladies of Shelbyville. For a less offense my daughter is to be closely confined in a loathsome Northern prison. Will you do me the favor of attending to the foregoing request at your earliest convenience and write me at this place?

Respectfully, your friend,

JOEL A. BATTLE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Richmond, May 5, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXIII. The officers now in Petersburg who have lately been prisoners will proceed to rejoining their proper commands as soon as they shall have been declared exchanged.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 7, 1863.

General EARL VAN DORN, Columbia, Tenn.:

All officers captured prior to 1st of April last and who have been released upon parole are duly and regularly exchanged and should rejoin their proper commands at once.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 7, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of to-day. If the returned prisoners are intended to re-enforce General Pemberton they should start to join him to-morrow. There is no good reason that I know of why they should not-that is if that is their destination. I fear that they may be too late to be useful there or elsewhere if they start. Any delay will increase the probabilities of losing their services in the present campaign. I hope therefore that they will be sent at once or not at all.

I remain, sir, with great respect, &amp;c., your most obedient servant,J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

