
II. Hospital laundresses will be paid $25 per month and allowed rations and quarters.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, May 18, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I had the honor to request of you some time since an examination into the case of Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Keith, Sixty-fourth North Carolina Troops, charged with the murder of some unarmed prisoners and little boys during the recent troubles in the mountains of this State. I have heard by rumor only that he was brought before a court-martial and honorably acquitted by producing an order for his conduct from General Davis, commanding in East Tennessee. I have also been officially notified of his resignation. Will it be consistent with your sense of duty to furnish me a copy of the proceedings of the court-martial in his case? Murder is a crime against the common law in this State and he is now subject to that law.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

Z. B. VANCE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 19, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

Governor J. G. Shorter writes that he had requested to retain the officers and the two companies of Alabamians among prisoners captured by General N. B. Forrest as he designs requesting their delivery to him for trial. If not previously sent hold them subject to further orders.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 19, 1863.

Honorable PIERRE SOULE, Havana, Cuba.

(Care of Senior Don Juan de Bances.)

DEAR SIR: I send you herewith inclosed a letter* from the Honorable Charles M. Conrad inclosing me an order of the War Department at Richmond containing a notice from Mr. Robert Ould, C. S. agent for the exchange of prisoners, which I think embraces your case and releases you from may obligations or parole to the U. S. authorities. I hope then that you will take the earliest opportunity to return amongst us and accept the position of volunteer aide on my staff which you desired last year before the fall of New Orleans, or should I be able to serve you in any other way pray let me know and it shall be done with much pleasure.

I suppose you have heard by this time of our success here and near Fredericksburg, but unfortunately without visible or marked results on the present struggle. The people of the North appear to be as determined as ever to wage upon us a war of extermination. Our country is being gradually overrun, and although we recover the lost ground occasionally still the damages incurred cannot be repaired.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

