
Ceux qui nous gouvernent dovient surement se nourrir de "Hatchie," car malgre nos malherus, ils croient toujours a une paix dans soixante jours!

But I have faith in the future; our people are resolved to die rather than submit to Yankee rule! With that determination the cannot be conquered.

Hoping to have the pleasure of seeing you soon, I remain, truly, your friend,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers -. Near Canton, Miss., May 21, 1863.

I. When the services of Federal medical officers are not required for the care of Federal wounded in hospital at Jackson they will be at once sent to Richmond.

II. All Federal sick and wounded I hospital at Jackson who can bear transportation will be sent immediately to hospital at Montgomery, Ala.

The necessary number of medical officers will be sent with them.

By command of General Johnston:

B. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RALEIGH, May 22, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Richmond, Va.:

I send you thirteen prisoners captured by my State troops, having no place to keep them. Please retain them until I notify you that they may be exchanged. The enemy murdered two of my men and I wish to retaliate as soon as I can communicate with General Foster.

Z. B. VANCE.

KNOXVILLE, May 22, 1863.

Honorable GEORGE BROWN,

Judge of the Third Judicial Circuit of Tennessee:

Respondent John E. Toole for answer and return to your honor's writ of habeas corpus issued upon the petition of Stephen McKee, Michael Malone and Jonathan Summit would respectfully state and show unto your honor that the statement of petitioners that they are restrained of their liberty upon a charge of the murder of John Cunningham, who was a citizen of Monroe County, &amp;c., is wholly untrue and without foundation. Petitioners were not arrested and have not been held upon the charge of the murder of John Cunningham.

Respondent here begs leave to submit to your honor a full and correct statement of facts as to the manner in which petitioners came into the custody of respondent:

On the 3rd of this month Colonel G. Troup Maxwell, an officer of the C. S. Army, commandant of the post at Loudon, Tenn., sent said petitioners as prisoners under guard to respondent as provost-marshal for the Department of East Tennessee charged with disloyalty and treason against the Government of the Confederate States in harboring and feeding a band of bushwhackers who were committing acts of violence upon the citizens of Monroe County, Tenn., and in discharge of my duty as a subordinate officer of the Confederate Army and in obedience

