
They got to talking then and I was a listener. He told the proprietor he had been in service two years. The proprietor replied: "I have been in service about two years, too. " He then said: "You shall not go into service any more, nor I don't intend to go, either. " He then turned around and said: "If you all had done as I wanted you to do you would have had peace and been at home now. " He said: "If we would go home and stay there about two months we would have peace anyhow. " We then wanted to know upon what terms peace could be made in so short a time. He then replied, addressing me: "I can send you home now if I would. " I told him I would like to go for I had been in service about two years and had never yet been home. He then said: "Your wouldn't go when I wanted you to and now you will have to stay here some time before you go. " We then asked him what authority he had to send us home. He said he had the authority, but refused to tell us what authority it was. He said then to the crowd that there were some few Yankees six of whom he wouldn't give for every Confederate soldier. We spoke then of having him arrested for using such language. He said we had no authority for arresting him; that he had a right to say what he pleased. We asked him what right he had and wanted to see his authority for talking so. He had a small stick, a splinter, in his hand and said: "This is all the authority I want," referring to the stick. We then thought he might have some office there and outranked us and that we would have no more to say to him right then but had better watch him awhile. We watched him till he fell in company with Sergeant Lewis and heard part of the conversation between him and the sergeant.

This is the evidence of the three witnesses as given to me by each one separately.

J. A. RICHARDSON,

Lieutenant, Company C, Nineteenth Georgia Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,Shelbyville, Tenn., May 26, 1863.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM, of Ohio, Shelbyville.

SIR: I inclose you the passport desired and congratulate you on your arrival in our land of liberty where you will find the freedom of speech and of conscience secured to all. Your sojourn amongst us as a private citizen, exiled by a foreign Government with which we are at war, will of course impose some restraints upon you which our people will fully appreciate. But I am satisfied you will ever receive the courtesy due your unfortunate position and the respect of all who learn the quiet and retired position you have determined to occupy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., May 26, 1863.

Mr. Vallandigham, the bearer, a citizen of the State of Ohio, is permitted to pass as any citizen of the Confederacy within the limits of this department.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

