
neutral ground between our pickets on the road from Murfreesborough to this place and was there abandoned by them. I have admitted him within my lines and received him with the courtesy due any unfortunate exile seeking a refuge from tyranny. He desires to go to the State of Georgia and I have granted him permission for that purpose. Should the Government desire any other policy in similar cases I shall be pleased to receive instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

HARRISONBURG, May 28, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Allow an old Fredericksburg schoolmate of yours to suggest as to the disposal of the prisoners, both officers and privates, belonging to the negro regiments who may fall into our hands that they be employed in the Chesterfield coal-pits. The subject is difficult of solution and I will not undertake to elaborate the idea but would respectfully throw it out as my opinion worthy of the serious consideration of our Government.

Your friend and well-wisher,

J. M. W.

A communication addressed to surgeon in charge hospital at this place will reach me.

Very respectfully,

J. M. W.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 28, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

In General N. B. Forrest's report of capture of enemy near Rome no mention is made of armed negroes being engaged as has been represented by Governor J. G. Shorter. Request from General Forrest special report on that point.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 127. Richmond, May 28, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. The Department of North Carolina will hereafter include the Department of Southern Virginia as far north as to embrace the city of Petersburg and its environs and including the Appomattox River. All the troops within this department thus extended will be under the command of Major General D. H. Hill.

The arrangements for the parole and exchange of prisoners by the Appomattox River will as heretofore be under the control of the agent for exchange, Colonel Ould, and he disposal of the prisoners after

