
[First indorsement.]

ABINGDON, VA., June 6, 1863.

The gentlemen whose names are signed to this paper are all known to me and are all good and true Southern men.

J. W. MOORE.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 10, 1863.

Referred to General Winder for consideration in connection with the arrest of the parties bearing the petition.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

Respectfully returned to honorable Secretary of War. The bearers of this petition have released and sent home.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, Numbers 2,Shelbyville, Tenn., May 31, 1863.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM.

DEAR SIR: The general commanding instructs me to inclose you a copy of a dispatch just received from Honorable J. A. Seddon, Secretary of War, Richmond, and to request you to give a response in writing in order that he may answer the inquiry contained in the dispatch. The general desires also that you will return the passport given you as pending further instructions form Richmond. It is evident that its issue is in conflict with the views which have promoted the dispatch.

[GEO. WM. BRENT],

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 30, 1863.

General B. BRAGG, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

If Honorable Mr. Vallandigham has come or been forced within our lines ascertain and report in what character and under what circumstances he thus stands. If he claims to be a loyal citizen of the United States he must be held in charge or on parole as an alien enemy. He may be allowed on parole to proceed to Wilmington and there report to General Whiting.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., May 31, 1863.

General BRAGG, C. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c.

SIR: In answer to your note of this morning allow me to say that it was my offer upon first entering your lines to surrender myself a prisoner, and the order or suggestion of the Secretary of War is entirely consonant to my original desire and purposes, though I sincerely trust that the parole may allow my departure at any time as this is most important to me in every way. Please report also that I came to your lines upon compulsion and against my consent as a citizen of Ohio and

