
of the United States in exile, banished from my country for no other offense than love of constitutional liberty, my political opinions and resolute, undaunted opposition to the principles and policy of the party and administration in power in the United States. The order of the President was absolute forbidding me to return under penalty of imprisonment during the was and therefore left me no alternative, and it was executed by military force. It is better for me doubtless for several reasons to be deemed a prisoner on parole while I remain in the Confederate States, but my most earnest desire is for a passport if necessary and permission to leave as soon as possible either through some Confederate port or by way of Matamoras for Canada where I can see my family, communicate with my friends and transact my business as far as practicable unmolested.

I am still a citizen of United States, recognizing my allegiance to both and retaining the same opinions and position which I have always held at home. As the President of the United States will certainly not exchange me I trust I may be allowed to depart on parole for the place which I have above designated.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. L. VALLANDIGHAM.

[HOUSTON, TEX., June 1, 1863.]

Major General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER, C. S. Army,

Commanding the Dept. of Texas, New Mexico and Arizona, &c.

GENERAL: My stay in this department being rendered no longer necessary professionally on account of the removal of the officers of my command no Huntsville and the recovery of my wounded in the hospital and by the exchange of all my command except the officers and wounded with the exception of four privates, and as Acting Assistant Surgeon Sherfy, late of the ship Morning Light, is here to take care of his men and accompany them when they shall go to be exchanged, I very respectfully ask to be allowed to return to New Orleans as soon as can be convenient. My health is very infirm and has been for three weeks or more, and I have been unable to leave my room most of the time for that period. I very respectfully ask for this reason that I may be allowed to go by water by way of our fleet either at Galveston or Sabine - of course under such restrictions and regulations as your honor may deem necessary.

There are also here ten wounded and infirm men, five of my own regiment all wounded, the whole ten unable to walk any distance and all of whom will be discharged from the service as soon as they reach our lines. It would be a matter of great satisfaction to me if you would allow them to go with me, either paroling them as our forces did your sick and wounded recently in Louisiana, or allowing them to be receipted for by myself or the commander of the blockading fleet. All those remaining here save those ten are able to march, thus saving transportation for any invalids or wounded when they are sent forward for exchange. For nearly five months I have remained here and at Galveston, during which time I have given my undivided attention to the care of the sick and wounded, Confederate as well as Federal, and now I am desirous of reasons above named to return to my regiment that I may be useful, as I have ever tried to be heretofore, in striving to relieve the sufferings of frail humanity wherever found and whoever they are. I trust I may be of service as heretofore to the Confederate

