
sick and wounded in the hands of the Federal forces as well as to those of my own command more immediately depending upon my care, and also to any medical officers of the Confederate Army who like myself believe it to be their duty to remain with their sick and wounded for a time in the hands of the Federal forces. As there are but eight men of my command (except the officers) remaining here and five of them are wounded it would give me great pleasure if possible to take them with me as well as the few others of the Harriet Lane and Morning Light who are unable to march.

Inclosed is a list* of all my own men remaining, those wounded marked, and also of the few others unable to march who only wait to get back to our lines to be discharged from the service. The term of service of my (present) regiment will expire on the 1st of July, and I trust the officers will not be kept longer than is absolutely necessary and that the men of the late ship Morning Light will be forwarded for exchange as soon as possible. Permit me, general, to return to you my most cordial and heartfelt thanks for your uniform kindness to me and for many favors shown me since I have been in your department; and I have the honor to remain, general,

Your humble servant,

A. J. CUMMINGS, M. D., LL. B.,

Surg. 42 Regiment Mass. Vols., late Post Med. Director, &amp;c.

SHELBYVILLE, June 1, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

Honorable C. L. Vallandigham is here on parole. He was brought under guard by the enemy and abandoned in front of my lines with orders from his Government not to return under penalty of imprisonment for the war. Fearing assassination by a licensed soldiery he made his way to my outposts and surrendered as an alien enemy owing allegiance to the State of Ohio and the United States but exiled by the present Government for maintaining his civil rights as a freeman. He awaits orders but desires to make his way be the most expeditious route to Canada. I suggest a him personally or by a confidential agent.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

(Copy sent to the President.

S. COOPER.)

RICHMOND, June 2, 1863.

General B. BRAGG, Shelbyville:

Your dispatch to Adjutant-General received. Send Honorable C. L. Vallandigham as an alien enemy under guard of an officer to Wilmington where further orders await him.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

SHELBYVILLE, June 2, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS, President of Confederate States:

Upon Mr. Vallandigham's earnest request he was permitted to go this morning to Lynchburg to confer with a distinguished friend of Virginia. He reports from there on parole to the War Department.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

