
RICHMOND, June 2, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Fredericksburg, Va.:

The prisoners captured and paroled by Stoneman have not yet been exchanged, but will as soon as the list is completed, now nearly ready.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HAMPDEN SIDNEY COLLEGE, VA., June 2, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: There seems no longer to be the slightest doubt that the Honorable C. L. Vallandigham, of Ohio, is within our lines, and the rumors of the last two days seem to indicate that he is or soon will be in Richmond if permitted by the Government to go there. I am not forgetful of the many delicate questions touching the dignity and policy of our Government raised by this attempt of Mr. Lincoln to make a "Botany Bay" of the confederacy, nor can I undertake to say how they can be or ought to be settled. I have the utmost confidence in the wisdom of the Government to settle them in such a way as best comports with our dignity and affords the Government of the United States no possible advantage either over us or over Mr. Valandigham. It seems most probable to me that our Government will allow Mr. Vallandigham to remain in the Confederacy on parole if he desires it. If so his residence must be subject to your control. It ought to be known to you whether he is paroled or not. I therefore write to you to ask your permission or if this matter is not under your control the permission of the proper authorities to invite Mr. Vallandigham to reside with me here in Prince Edward County during his exile. I extend this invitation to him under permission of the Government because I know him well, having been in college with him, where we were intimate friends, and having corresponded with him since, especially during the session of the Federal Congress immediately preceding Mr. Lincoln's inauguration. I know him to be a gentleman and a man of honor for whom I may safely undertake any obligation which the Government may require of me as his host while he remains with us. As I do not know where to address Mr. Vallandigham I inclose my invitation* to him unsealed in this letter and ask you to read it; and if you give me leave to invite him will you do me and him the kindness to add his address which I take for granted is known to you, and having sealed it to have it forwarded to him? You will very naturally desire to know something about me. I therefore take the liberty of referring you to Captain Richard Morton, of the Niter Bureau; Reverend Doctor Brown, editor of the Central Presbyterian, and Reverend Doctor Moore, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Richmond. I deem it unnecessary to multiply references.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MARTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, June 3, 1863.

J. M. W.

(Care surgeon in charge of hospital, Harrisonburg, Va.)

SIR: Your letter of the 28th ultimo with suggestions in regard to the negroes and officers of negro regiments that may be captured by us has

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

