THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS.
FIRST SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 4, 1869.
This being the day prescribed by law for the
meeting of the Forty-First Congress, the Sen-
ate assembled in the Senate Chamber in the
Capitol at Washington.
At twelve o'clock the Vice President-elect
(Hon. Schuyler Colfax, of Indiana) was es-
corted into the Chamber by the committee of
arrangements, and prior to taking the chair
delivered the following address:
Senators: In entering upon the duties in
this Chamber, to the performance of which I
have been called by the people of the United
States, I realize fully the delicacy as well as
the responsibilities of the position. Presiding
over a body whose members are in so large a
degree my seniors in age, and not chosen by
the body itself, I shall certainly need the assist-
ance of your support and your generous for-
bearance and confidence. But pledgi ng to you
all a faithful and inflexible impartiality in the
administration of your rules, and earnestly
desiring to cooperate with you in making the
deliberations of the Senate worthy, not only
of its historic renown, but also of the States
whose commissions you hold, I am now ready
to take the oath of office required by law.
The retiring President pro tempore of the
Senate (Hon. Benjamin F. Wade) then admin-
istered the oaths of office to the Vice Presi-
dent- ©Isc t 
The VICE PRESIDENT thereupon assumed
the chair, and said : The Senate will come to
order. The Secretary will call the roll of the
Senators-elect, who will advance to the chair
of the Vice President to take the oaths of
office.
The list was read as follows:
Hon. Thomas F. Bayard, of Delaware.
Hon. Arthur I. Boreman, of West Virginia.
Hon. William G. Brownlow, of Tennessee.
Hon. William A. Buckingham, of Connec-
ticut.
Hon. MatthewH. Carpenter, ofWiscousm.
Hon. Eugene CaSSERLY, of California.
Hon. Zachariah Chandler, of Michigan.
Hon. George F. Edmunds, of Vermont.
Hon. Reuben E. Fenton, of New York.
Hon. Abijah Gilbert, of Florida.
Hon. William T. Hamilton, of Maryland.
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine.
Hon. Daniel D. Pratt, of Indiana.
Hon. Alexander Ramsey, of Minnesota.
Hon. Carl Sciiurz, of Missouri. _
Hon. John Soott, of Pennsylvania.
Hon. William Sprague, of Rhode Island.
Hon. William M. Stewart, of Nevada.
Hon. John P. Stockton, of New Jersey.
Hon. Charles Sumner, of Massachusetts.
Hon. Allen G. ThurmaN, of Ohio.
Hon. Thomas W. Tipton, of Nebraska.
41st Coxa. 1st Sess.— No. 1.
As their names were called the Senators
came forward, and the oaths prescribed bylaw
were administered to them, with the exception
of Mr. Brownlow and Mr. Hamilton, who
were not present.
The new Senators having been sworn and
taken their seats, the following Senators were
present. From the State of
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron H. Cragin
and Hon. J. W. Patterson.
Massachusetts—Hon. Henry Wilson and lion.
Charles Sumner.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony and
Hon. William Sprague.
Connecticut—Hon. Orris S. Ferry and Hon.
William A. Buckingham.
Vermont—Hon. Justin S. Morrill and Hon.
George F. Edmunds.
New York—Hon. Roscoe Conklingand Hon.
Reuben E. Fenton.
New Jersey—Hon. Alexander G. Cattelland
Hon. John P. Stockton.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron and
Hon. John Scott.
Delaware—Hon. Thomas F. Bayard.
Maryland—Hon. George Vickers.
North Carolina—Hon. Joseph C. Abbott
and Hon. John Pool.
Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis and Hon.
Thomas C. McCreery.
Tennessee—Hon. Joseph S. Fowler.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Allen
G. Thurman.
Louisiana—Hon. John S. Hams and Hon.
William Pitt Kellogg.
Indiana—Hon. Oliver P. Morton and Hon.
Daniel D. Pratt.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
Alabama—Hon. Wiliard Warner and Hon.
George E. Spencer.
Maine—Hon. William Pitt Fessenden and
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin.
Missouri—Hon. Charles D. Drake and Hon.
Carl Schurz,
Arkansas—Hon. Alexander McDonald and
Hon. Benjamin F. Rice.
Michigan—Hon. Jacob M. Howard and
Hon. Zachariah Chandler.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hon.
James Harlan.
Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy 0. Howe and
Hon. Matthew H. Carpenter.
California—Hon. Cornelius Cole and Hon.
Eugene Casserly.
Minnesota—Hon. Daniel S. Norton and
Hon. Alexander Ramsey.
Oregon—Hon. George H. Williams and Hon.
Henry W. Corbett.
Kansas—Hon. Edmund G. Ross and Hon.
Samuel C. Pomeroy.
West Virginia—Hon. Waitman T. Willey
and Hon. Arthur I. Boreman.
Nevada—Hon. James W. Nye and Hon.
William M. Stewart.
Nebraska—Hon. John M. Thayer and Hon.
Thomas W. Tipton.
inauguration ceremonies.
The persons entitled to admission on the
floor of tho Senate Chamber having been ad-
mitted to the places reserved for them, at twelve
o'clock the President-elect, General Ulysses
S. Grant, entered the Senate Chamber, ac-
companied by Mr. Cragin and Mr. McCreery,
members of the committee of arrangements,
and was conducted to a seat in front ol the
Secretary's desk, and the members of the com-
mittee were seated 011 his left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The procession
will now be formed, under the direction of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, to_ proceed to
the portico of the Capitol to participate in the
inauguration of the President of the United
States.
Those assembled in the Senate Chamber
proceeded to the platform on the central por-
tioo of the Capitol iu the following order:
The marshal of the Supreme Court; the
Supreme Court of the United States ; the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate; the President of
the United States elect and the members of the
committee of arrangements; the Vice Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Senate ; the
members of the Senate ; the diplomaticcorps ;
ex-members of the House of Representatives
and members-elect to the Forty-First Con-
gress ; heads of Departments ; Governors of
States and Territories; officers of the Armyand
Navy, and other persons admitted to the floor
of the Senate.
The Prcsident-elect delivered the following
INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Citizens of the United States:
Your suffrages havingelectcd me to the office
of President of the United States, I have, in
conformity with the Constitution of our coun-
try, taken the oath of office prescribed therein.
I have taken this oath without mental reserva-
tion and with the determination to do to the
best of my ability all that it requires of nae.
The responsibilities of the position I feel but
accept them withoutfear. The office has come
to me unsought. I commence its duties tin-
trammeled. Ibring to it a conscientious desire
and determination to fill it to the best of my
ability to the satisfaction of the people.
On all leading questions agitating the public
mind I will always express my views to Con-
gress, and urge them according to my judg-
ment ; and when I think it advisable will exer-
cise the constitutional privilege of interposing
a veto to defeat measures which I oppose. But
all laws will be faithfully executed whether
they meet my approval or not,
I shall on all subjects have a policy to re®01";
mend, but none to enforce against the will of
the people. Laws are to govern all alike, those
opposed as well as those who favor them, i
know no method to secure the repeal ot bad
or obnoxious laws so effective as their stringent
eX|hecou'ntry having just emerged from a great
