4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Blaine, Bowen* Cox. Ham-
ilton, Lynch, and Shober—-G.
So the main question was ordered.
Before the result of the vote was announced
the following proceedings took place:
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of
order.
The CLERK. The GHerk will first announce
the result.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order
previous to the announcement of the result.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There can
be no point of order until the result of tlie vote
is announced.
The CLERK. The Clerk will hear the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order I make
is that the Cleik is violating an act of Con-
gress which cannot be violated within order;
and I propose to read the act of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.^ 1 raise the
point of order that that is not a point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. There cannot be two points
of order at the same time.
The CLERK. It is the duty of the Clerk to
announce the result of the vote ; and no ques-
tion of order, such as that indicated by the gen-
tleman from New York, can be entertained until
that announcement has been made.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. BROOKS. I now rise to a question of
order.
The CLERK. The gentleman will state his
question of order.
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order I make
is that the reading clerk has omitted to call the
names of members from two States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object to any interfer-
ence in this way with the duties of the Clerk.
Those duties are defined by statutes, and from
his decision there is 110 appeal.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to state my point of
order.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object to debate.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York, as the Clerk understands, is not stating
a point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. The reading clerk omitted
the names of the members from two States,
Georgia and Louisiana.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York is out of order. The question is upon
the adoption of the resolution that the House
now proceed to the election of Speaker.
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal from that decision
of the Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk declines to enter-
tain the appeal.
Mr. BROOKS. I have the right to appeal;
and I appeal from the decision of the Clerk.
The CLERK put the question upon the reso-
lution of Mr. Washbuune, of Illinois, to pro-
ceed to the election of Speaker ; and it was
adopted.
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal from the decision
of the Clerk, and I have the right to appeal.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York is out of order.
Mr.. BROOKS. I am in order under the
rules. I have a right to appeal from the
decision.
The CLERK. The Clerk will say  
Mr.BROOKS. IamamemberoftheHouse,
and I have a right to take an appeal.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York is not in order, and will take his seat.
Mr. BROOKS. "Thegentleman from New
York" will not take his seat by order of the
Clerk until his appeal is entertained.
The CLERK. The Clerk of the House is
acting under the authority of law and the obli-
gation of his oath of office, and without any
personal disrespect whatever he rules the gen-
tleman from New York out of order.
Mr. BROOKS. I am in order.
The CLERK. Nominations are now in order
for candidates for Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I nomin-
ate James G. Blaixe, of Maine, as a candidate
for Speaker of this House.
The Clerk is bound by the
The Clerk is enforcing the
Mr. BROOKS. I will proceed to read the
law 
Cries of " Order!" " Order!" duringwhich
Mr. Brooks read from the Digest of Rules the
following:
"Pending the election of a Speaker the Clerk shall
preserve order and decorum, and shall decide all
questions of order that may arise subjeetto appeal
to the House."—Barclay's Digest, Rule 146, p. 43.
The CLERK. The gentleman* from New
York is not in order, and will take his seat.
Mr. BROOKS. I am a member of this
House, and the Clerk is not a Clerk of this
House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York is a member-elect of this House.
Mr. BROOKS. And the Clerk is not yet
the Clerk-elect of this House. [Laughter.]_
The CLERK. The gentleman is incorrect in
his statement. The Clerk by law is Clerk of
this House until his successor is elected and
qualified.
Mr. BROOKS, amid cries of "Order!"
"Order!" and great confusion, proceeded to
read from the law of February 21, 1867, as
follows:
" That before the first meeting of the next Con-
gress, and of every subsequent Congress, the Clerk
of the nest preceding House of Representatives shall
make a roll of the Representatives-elect, and place
thereon the names of all persons claiming seats as
Representatives-elect from States which were repre-
sented in the next preceding Congress, and of such
persons only, and whose credentials show that they
were regularly elected in accordance with the laws
of their States respectively, or the laws of the United
States."
The CLERK. It is a very unpleasant duty
for the Clerk 
Mr. BROOKS
law.
The CLERK.
law.
Mr. BROOKS. The Clerk is not enforcing
the law, but violating the law.
The disorder continuing,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I
demand that the gentleman from New York be
placed under arrest if he will not take his seat
and keep in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Who will arrest me? [Cries
of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The CLERK. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire by what
rules the Clerk is governed—the rules of the
House or the law of the land ?
The CLERK. The Clerk will take pleasure
in stating to the gentleman that lie is governed
by the law of the land and the rules of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the law of the land
require the Clerk to refuse to entertain an
appeal taken by the gentleman from N?w York ?
The CLERK. ThegentlemanfromNew York
stated that he rose to a point of order. When
requested to state his point of order he made a
statement which the Clerk ruled was not a
question of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. ThegentlemanfromNew
York has appealed from that decision of the
Clerk. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"] I
do not believe the majority of this House
will deny the right of appeal to members of
this House. [Cries of " Order !" "Order!"
"Take your seat!"] I demand that the right
of appeal shall be recognized. ["Order!"
"Order!"] I demand it, I say. [Laughter
and applause, mingled with cries of "Order!"]
The CLERK. Nominationsof candidatesfor
Speaker are still in order. If no further nom-
inations are made the roll will now be called.
Mr. BROOKS. I insist 
Mr. SCHENCK. Let the roll be called.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Do gentlemen on the
other side hold that when an appeal is taken
in respectful language it shall be denied ?
Mr. BROOKS. It never has been denied
in deliberative bodies.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And it never will, un-
[Cries of" Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand it from the
sense of justice of the majority here.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I call the atten-
tion of the_ Clerk to the one hundred and forty-
sixth rule, on page 43 of the Digest.
Mr. LOGAN. I appeal to the Clerk of the
House, under the rules requiring him to carry
011 the business of this House so as to best
secure its organization, to keep order; and if
gentlemen undertake to make a display of this
kind I appeal to the Clerk to cause them to be
arrested by the Sergeant-at-Arms. [Applause
and laughter, with cries of " That is right
" You cannot do it."]
Mr. BROOKS. Arrest me if you can. Iam
only claiming my rights as a member of this
House.
The CLERK, (amid considerable' confu-
sion.) If nominations for Speaker are closed
the roll of members will be called, and the
gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shelby M. Cul-
lom, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Wil-
liam H. Kelsey, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Geokge W. Woodward, and the
gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Daniel W. Voor-
hees, will please act as tellers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We appeal to the mem-
bers of the majority. [Cries of "Order."]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 insist that the Sergeant-
at-Arms shall arrest members who will not
observe ordei-.
Mr. BROOKS. There is no Sergeant-at-
Arms.
The CLERK. The Clerk appeals to mem-
bers of the House to preserve order.
Mr. STOKES, amid great confusion, made
some remarks which were not distinctly heard;
and
Mr. ELDRIDGE also made some remarks
which were not audible at the reporter's desk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stokes] will take his seat; he is
not in order. The tellers will please take
their places.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. WOODWARD. Let me-say in regard
to the appeal of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] that we suppose he had
a right to take an appeal, and I suggest that
the Clerk put that appeal to the House and let
it be voted down, as it will no doubt.be, when
his decision will be sustained, and that will
relieve us of the whole trouble.
The CLERK. The Clerk has no desire
whatever to make any decision doing violence
to the feeling of any gentleman of the House.
Ho has no desire to do an act officially calcu-
lated to bring the body into confusion, but at
the same time he is compelled, under the obli-
gations which are resting upon him, so to ad-
minister the law and the rules as to effect, as
a prime duty, the organization of the House.
He regrets very much if any decision which he
felt himself called upon to make has been
held by any of the gentlemen affected as an
invasion of their personal rights, for it v/as not
so intended; and the Clerk begs, inasmuch as
the question has proceeded thus far, that the
persons indicated as tellers may take their
places and the organization be effected.
Mr. BROOKS. In consequence of these
remarks of the Clerk I submit to his decision,
without any acquiescence in its justice, under
pro test.
Mr. RANDALL. I nominate for Speaker
Michael C. Kerr, of Indiana.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce
for Speaker, with the following result, which
was announced by Mr. Cullq,vi 011 behalf of the
tellers :
Whole number of votes cast 192 ; necessary
to a choice 97, of which—
Mr. Blaine received   IGo
Mr. Kerr received   57
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Mlaine—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Armstrong, ArneH, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Benrnan,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett,, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Boutwell, Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
