1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the right of Robert T. Van Hokn
and David X*. Dykr to scats upon this floor be in-
quired into by the Committee of Elections before
they are permitted to be sworn in as members of the
Forty-First Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. I hold in my hand a cer-
tificate from which it appears that General
James Shields was elected instead of Robert
T. Van Horn ; and also a certificate showing
that David P. Dyer was at the election in a
large minority.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that resolution in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman the
right to bring in the claim of a contestant to a
seat at this time?
The SPEAKER. The right to a seat is a
question of the highest privilege. The senior
member from the State of Illinois being in ill
health will be sworn in at (his time if there be
no objection.
Hon. E. B. Washbitkne was then sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is
the resolution submitted by thegentleman from
New York.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that those two
gentlemen stand aside for the present as was
done in the preceding cases.
Mr. KELSEY. This is a question of the
ordinal contest for a seat.
Mr. BOYD. The question raised in regard
to the swearing in of these two gentlemen is
not such a question as this House has already
had before it. There is no constitutional ob-
jection to these gentlemen. They come here
with certificates from the secretary of States
stating that they have a right to seats in this
House. The question raised by the gentleman
from New York is the ordinary question of
contest, which is to be decided hereafter in the
regular way. If the question were such as has
already been raised to-day in the case of other
gentlemen on account of loyalty there would
bo no objection to their standing aside; but as
it is I hope the resolution for the present will
be withdrawn.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from New York, whether his
resolution is based on any distinction between
the credentials held by these two gentlemen
and those held by the other gentlemen from
Missouri ?
Mr. BROOKS. I have not been permitted
to see the credentials of the other gentlemen.
Mr. BOYD. I call for the reading of the
credentials of Mr. Dyer and Mr. Van Horn.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York does not base his objection to swearing
in these gentlemen upon any fact known to
him why they cannot take the oath of office. I
ask upon what ground the gentleman at this
stage undertakes to object to these gentlemen
being sworn in, and how he would distinguish
their ease from any ordinary case of contested
election ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of order.
I have the right to be sworn in, having pre-
sented myself on the call of the plerk, and I
do not propose to stand here until to-morrow
morning while points are being raised against
other gentlemen. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. For convenience the mem-
bers from more than one State are called and
sworn in at a time : but if the gentleman insists
on it, no objection having been made to his
right to a seat, he will be sworn in at once.
ilr. INGERSOLL. 1 waive the point for
the present.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I hope
this will take precisely the course adopted in
regard to other members against whom objec-
tions have been presented, and that they will
stand aside until after the members appearing
here to whom there is no objection have been
sworn in. The case presented against these
gentlemen from Missouri is quite as strong
as that presented against any other gentle-
man upon this floor. I suppose these cre-
dentials are in the usual form, but it appears
that they were not rightly given, as the majority
of votes were given to the gentlemen who
come here protesting against these two gentle-
men being allowed to be sworu in. We have
a case precisely in point. In the Twenty-Sev-
enth Congress members came here showing
that they had a majority of the votes and ask-
ing to be sworn in on their prima facie case,
and the gentlemen who came here with the
broad seal of the State of New Jersey were
compelled to stand aside while these contest-
ants were sworn in. Such then was the report
of the Committee of Elections and the decis-
ion of the House of Representatives. I do
not get up here for the purpose of arguing that
that was a correct decision, but to state that it
was the decision of the Committee of Elec-
tions and the decision of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the great New Jersey contested-
election cases.
But the correct position to be taken is just
to swear in every gentleman who comes here
with credentials in due form, properly authen-
ticated, and to allow him to take a seat. I
believe the position which was taken in the
Kentucky cases and in some other cases in the
last Congress is one of disorganization, which
threatens revolution; is one which at some
time may shake the very pillars of our Republic
and precipitate the country into civil war and
anarchy. If precedents such as were established
in the Kentucky cases, and which are now in-
sisted upon by gentlemen who object to the
swearing in of the members from Maryland and
Kentucky, are to be adhered to there may come
a time when the parties are so very nearly
equally divided that eases may be got up by
which the organization of the House may be
thrown into the hands of a minority by a trick,
as against the right of the majority. By getting
up factious objection to two or three members
the organization oftheHouse may thusbe taken
away from the majority and given into the
hands of the minority, thereby precipitating
discord, anarchy, and probable ruin to the
Government and the country.
I rose merely for the purpose of saying that
the case that is made against the gentleman
from Missouri is quite as strong as any that
can be presented against any other members,
and the gentlemen who opposed these two gen-
tlemen, and who came forward here and pro-
pose to take the oath, unquestionably received
a majority of the votes at the poll, but by a
mere trick of the secretary of State, a trick
which has been exposed by the supreme court
of the State of Missouri since the certificates
were given to these men, the court holding by
solemn adjudication that it was the duty of the
secretary of State to award the certificates to
the other gentlemen, they are deprived of
their seats in this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not yield to
my colleague to discuss the matter.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not discuss it if
by general consent the case of these two gen-
tlemen is permitted to take the course of the
ctli ers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any motion
pending ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is pend-
ing.
Mr. BROOKS. I send to the Chair a doc-
ument relative to the election of James Shields.
At this point Mr. Vxs Horn and Mr. Dyee
withdrew temporarily from the number of those
to whom the oath was about to be administered.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to submit two
reasons why A. A. C. Rogers, claiming to be
elected a Jlepresentative to the Forty-Inrst
Congress from Arkansas, should not be now
sworn into office. They are, first, that he is
not a citizen of the State of Arkansas, and was
not a citizen of that State at the time ^of the
election; second, that there was such intimi-
dation, such a state of terrorism prevailing m
the several counties of the congressional dis-
trict from which he claims to be elected, that
there was not a valid election which can en-
title him to a certificate.
The SPEAKER. What action does the gen-
tleman propose?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I offer the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That A. A. C. Rogebs, claiming to be a
Representative in the Forty-First Congress from the
second district of Arkansas, shall not now be per-
mitted to take the oath of office or a seat as "such
representative, but his credentials shall bo and are
referred to the Committee of Elections when ap-
pointed.
Mr. KERR. I desire to know whether this
resolution is based on any paper or record evi-
dence in the hands of the gentleman.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am about to state
that. It has been suggested to me that if Mr.
Rogers will withdraw, as other members have
done, this matter may pass over. In that event
I will withdraw the resolution.
In answer, however, to the gentleman from
Indiana I will state that I hold in my hand a
certificate from the Governor of Arkansas, in
which ho says that at the time he gave the cer-
tificate to Mr. Rogers he was in possession of
evidence which led him to believe that in Drew,
Union, and Calhoun counties great frauds, vio-
lence, and intimidation existed. He further
says that from faets that came to his knowl-
edge at the time and since then, he is clearly
of opinion that in the county of Drew no fair
expression of the will of the people was had.
He further says that at the time the election
took place Republicans in that, county were
under such a state of intimidation and terror,
brought about by the systematic assassination,
violence, and threats of a secret organization
in the interest of the Democratic party, that
they were afraid to go to the polls and vote in
accordance with their wishes, or in many cases
were compelled to vote in opposition to their
expressed sentiments. He says further, that
so great was the terrorism that he was com-
pelled to proclaim martial law in that county
on the day after the election, and to send troops
there to put down lawlessness.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask my col-
league if all that he is now reading or suggest-
ing from that paper is not clearly matter that
relates to the contest as to the ultimate right of
this gentleman to his seat and not to the prima
facie right on the credentials to bo sworn in
as a member? It seems to mo that this person
has a right to be sworn in if his credentials are
regular, unless there be personal objections
which would prevent him from taking the oath.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that the members not challenged should
be sworn, and I insist upon it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And I insist upon it also.
The SPEAKE1L If that point of order is
insisted on the Chair will administer the oath.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think it is time.
The oath was then administered to the mem-
bers-elect from Illinois and those from Missouri
to whom no objection was made.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the House
adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. MAYNARD called fortheyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 50, noes 87.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] touching
the right of a member from Arkansas tojje
sworn in is before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that it be post-
poned.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that those mem-
bers from Missouri who are objected to on
grounds not touching their personal loyalty,
and who have regular certificates as reported
by the Clerk, be now sworn in.
The SPEAKER. All those gentlemen who
stood aside did so with the understanding that
the members whose right to be sworn is not
challenged should first be qualified.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; I withdraw
the motion. . .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist on my mo-
