THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
tion to lay the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] in relation to the
Arkansas case on the table.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How could that motion
be made while I was upon the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth]
and he made the motion, and a large majority
of the House voted in favor of it.
All the members-elect present from the
remaining States were then sworn in.
The SPEAKER. There is a special eath
provided ft>r certain members from the lately
reconstructed States who have not beeu able
to take the oath administered to other mem-
bers. Those gentlemen will now present them-
selves.
Mr. Dockery of North Carolina, Mr. But-
ler of Tennessee, and Mr. Bowex of South
Carolina, then came forward and took the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
gfca
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask leave to file the
papers in the case of A. A. C. Rogers, of the
second district of Arkansas. I was taken off
the floor just now by a mode I do not under-
stand.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to in-
terrupt the roll-call forthe swearing in of mem-
bers. The Delegates-elect have not yet been
sworn.
The following-named Delegates-elect then
appeared and took the oath of office:
Utah—Wiliiam H. Hooper.
Colorado—Allen A. Bradford.
Dakota—S. L. Spink.
Arizona—Richard C. McCormick.
Idaho—J. K. Shafer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
privilege. I offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That Robert T. Van Hoen and David
P. Dyer be now sworn in as mombersfrom theStatc
o t Missouri.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House adjourn
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock ra.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and twenty-seven minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned.
memorial.
The following memorial was received under
the rule, and referred to ihe appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. POLAND: The memorial of William
McGarrahan, praying for a confirmation of his
title to certain lauds and mines in California.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 5, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the first business to be the swearing
in of a Senator who was not able to be present
yesterday.
The oaths prescribed bylaw were adminis-
tered to Hon. William G. Browxlow, elected
a Senator of the United States by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Tennessee for the term
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1869.
[On account of his feeble health, the oaths
were administered to Mr. Browklow sitting in
his chair, instead of his advancing to the Vice
President's desk, as usual.]
notification to the house.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Kepresentatives that a quorum of the Senate has
folsSiness' S Senate is ready to procecd
law's of last session.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Seeoived, That the Secretary of State be directed
to comm unicatc to the Senate a list of theacts passed
at the third session of the Fortieth Congress, depos-
ited iu the State Department, as approved by the
President, with the date of theapproval of each; also
of acts deposited in his Department which became
laws without the approval of the President.
notification to president.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, Thataeommitteeconsisting of two mem-
bers be appointed, to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of each House has assembled,
and that Congress is ready to receive any communi-
cation he may be pleased to make.
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the committee; and
Mr. Cameron and Mr. McCreery were ap-
pointed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, in favor
of the improvement of the St. Croix river;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
relative to a United States land office in the
valley of the Red river of the North ; also a
memorial of the same Legislative Assembly,
praying for an appropriation to construct a
wagon-road from Fort Abercrombie down the
Red river of the North; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. McCREERY. I presentthe petition of
JohnB. Thompson, of Owensboro', Kentucky,
and also the petition of Elijah Fox, of Kemper
county, Mississippi, praying that their political
disabilities be removed. I move that these
petitions be referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are no
committees yet. The Chair understands that
according to the usage of the Senate the peti-
tions will be laid on the table until the commit-
tees shall be announced by the Senate.
Mr. McCREERY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further petitions or memorials that order of
business is closed. The next order will be
reports of committees. There being no com-
mittees to make reports, the introduction of
bills is next in order.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1) to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. THAYER. I ask that the bill lie on the
table for the present, -with the view of calling
it up for the consideration of the Senate to-
morrow. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to give notice that
when the bill of the Senator from Nebraska
comes up for consideration I shall offer as a
substitute for it this proposition :
ji Thattheactentitled "An act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices" be, and the same is hereby,
i suspended until the 4th day of March, A. D. 1S73.
• Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
j consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2) to amend an act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 3)
to enforce the fourteenth amendment to the
Consti ution and the laws of the United States
in the State of Georgia, and to restore to that
State the republican form of government
elected under its new constitution ; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. i
No. 4) more effectually to insure the faithfui I
completion of the Union Pacific railroad and |
its branches according to law; which wag read '
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave-to introduce a bill (S. "No. 0)
to establish an ordnance commission and to
consolidate the ordnance department with the
artillery; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table and be printed,
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 6) to provide stationery for Congress aud
the several Departments, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
I) granting lands and the right of way to the
Denver Central and Georgetown Railway Com-
pany ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 8)
granting the right of way and aid in public
lands to the Denver, South Park, and Rio
Grande Railway and Telegraph Company;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 9)
to incorporate the Central Indian Railroad
Company iu the Indian territory ; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 10) granting land to the Iowa and Mis-
souri State Line Railroad Company; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 11) to renew certain grants of land to the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1'2) to authorize the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company to land
its submarine cable upon the shores of the
United States ; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. ly)
to provide for a line of United States mail
steamships for the conveyance of mails and
emigrant passengers between New York and
Europe ; which was read twice by its title, und
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill VR. No.
II) to establish lines of American steamships
between the United States of America and
Europe ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. Iu)
for the more equal distribution of national
banking capital ; which was read twiee by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill t'S. No.
16) to provide for the better administration of
justice in the Territories of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill iS.
No. 1 ■) relative to the refining of gold and
silver bullion at the Mint of the Unitt-d States
and branches ; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table anil be
printed.
\ivlr. SLMNKR asked, and bv unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill iS.
No. 16) to_ enforce the, severul provisions of
the Constitution abolishing slavery, declai-
iug the immunities of citizens, and guaranty-
ing a republican form of government by secur-
