1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
ing the elective franchise to citizens deprived
of it by reason of race or color; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 19)
granting a pension to Mary Lincoln, widow of
Abraham Lincoln, late President of the United
States; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there may be no
objection to proceeding with the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that it be
printed and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 20) to encourage the production of cotton
in the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 21) authorizing payment to be made for
certain services rendered to the United States
in the late insurrectionary States; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 22) to establish and declare the railroad
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company as hereafter
constructed westward from the city of New
Orleans, a post route, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. PERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
tion (S. R. No. 1) for the removal of political
disabilities; which was read thrice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
ORGANIZATION OF TIII5 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that a quorum of the House of Representatives
had assembled; that the House had elected
ITon. James G. Blaine, one of the Represent-
atives from the State of Maine, Speaker, and
was ready to proceed to business.
COLORED SCHOOLS TRUSTEES.
Mr. NYE. On the 3d of the present month
the Secretary of the Interior submitted a report
made by the trustees of colored schools of this
city and of Georgetown, which report lies upon
the table. I move that the report be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would have to be
taken from the files, as it belongs to the papers
of the last, Congress.
Mr. NYE. Then I move that it be taken
from the files of the Senate and printed.
The motion was agreed to ; so it was
Ordered, That tbe letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting the report of the trustees of
colored pchooia of the cities of Washington and
Geornetowiito the Senate at the third session of the
Fortieth Congress, be printed.
COMMITTEE ON DISABILITIES—REMOVALS.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved by the Senate of the UmtertStutes, (the House
of Ilepresentatives concurring,) That, a joint stand-
ing committee, to consist of three members of the
Senate and fivo members of the House of Represent-
atives. be appointed to consider all propositions for
the removal of political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over, objection being made to its con-
sideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said : A few
moments ago I objected to the present consid-
eration of the resolution offered by the Senator
from South Carolina. Upon reflection, I will
withdraw that objection. I think it decidedly
better that there should be a joint committee
to act upon these cases of removal of disabil-
ities. It would perhaps be better that the reso-
lution should be adopted this morning if it is
to be adopted at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I renew the objection^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
cannot be considered now.
NOIMIAN WIARD's ORDNANCE CONTRACTS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
eonsent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to report to the Senate what contracts, if any,
have been entered into between theDepartment and
Norman Wiard for the fabrication and delivery of
ordnance or other arms since the 1st day of January,
1861; the terms and conditions of such contracts;
how far such contracts have been fulfilled; how many
guns have been delivered, and how much money has
been paid him thereon : how much money, if any, is
now due him on said contracts or either of them;
and all other information that will show the true
natuie, character, expense, and results of all trans-
actions between the said Wiard and the Navy De-
partment on the subject of ordnance.
REVISION OF THE RULES.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire whether it
is in order now to consider a proposition pend-
ing in the Senate heretofore to amend one of
the rules of the Senate and upon which a
report was made by a committee, or whether
that matter must be brought up as a new prop-
osition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that by the usage of the Senate the
business pending before each Congress is un-
derstood to close at its constitutional expira-
tion, and in order to be acted on afterward
must be renewed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am reminded by the
question of the Senator from Missouri that in
the closing days of the last session a commit-
tee was appointed to consider what alterations,
if any, were necessary in the rules of the Sen-
ate. In the pressure of business the com-
mittee was unable to meet at all. I move now
that a select committee of three be appointed
to consider what alterations, if any, may be
necessary in the rules of the Senate. I do
not propose that the subject alluded to by the
Senator from Missouri should be referred to
that committee, as that does not relate so
much to the order of proceeding as to public
matters of larger consequence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the select Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Rules be reap-
pointed.
The motion was agreed to ; and so it was
Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of
thrco members, be appointed by the Chair to revise
the rules of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
appoint the same committee appointed at the
last session—Mr. Anthony, Mr. Pomeroy, and
Mr. Edmunds.
election of chaplain.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That at one o'clock p. m. on Monday
next the Senate will proceed to the election of a
Chaplain of the Senate for the Forty-First Congress.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. NYE. At the last session of Congress
the papers in relation to the case of Commo-
dore Richard W. Meade were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs and not acted
upon. I move that he have leave to withdraw
the papers as he desires.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. At the last session of Con-
gress the memorial and accompanying papers
in regard to the claim of Charles Wichle were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. They reported them back and asked to
be discharged on the ground that the subject-
matter was proper for the consideration of a
commission to be established between the Uni-
ted States and the Government of Chili. I
move that he have leave to withdraw his papers.
There was no adverse report.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, it was
, Ordered, That Leonard Pope have leave to with-
draw his petition and accompanying papers from the
files of the Senate.
CONSIDERATION OF INDIAN TItEATIBS.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
lution ;
Uesolved, That the thirty-ninth rule of the Senate
be amended by inserting in the fourth lino thereof,
after the word 'Senate," the words "except those
with Indian tribes."
I he VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the resolution at this
time.
Mr. DRAKE. As this resolution has been
before the Senateheretofore perhaps there may
not be objection to its present consideration.
Mr. CRAGIN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
under the rules.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following con-
current resolution:
Uesolved by the Senate, (the Houso of Representa-
tives concurring.) That a joint standing committee,
to consist of throe members of the Senate and five
members of the House of Kcpresentatives, be ap-
pointed to consider all propositions relating to tho
Indian tribes.
Mr. THAYER. Let that lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I move that
when the Senate adjourns lo-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we ought to wait
and see what messages we have from the Pres-
ident. It may be very necessary for us to meet
to-morrow to receive messages.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I will not press
the motion at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan withdraws the motion.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent:
Resolved, That a committee of two Senators be
appointed to wait upon the President of tho United
States and inform him that a quorum of the Senato
has assembled, and that the Senalo is ready to re-
ceive any communication he maybe pleased to make.
Mr. GRIMES. The House is not organized,
and is debating questions in connection with
the Louisiana election. It has not sent us a
resolution to inform the President of the meet-
ing of Congress, and probably will not for
hours. The other committee will perform its
duty when notice is received from the House.
In the mean time we can have executive mes-
sages.
The resolution was agreed to; and Mr.
Grimes and Mr. Cragin were appointed the
committee.
MESSAGE FROM HIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Bepresenta-
tives, by Mr. McPiiekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate to appoint a committee to join
the committee appointed by the Senate to
wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of both Houses
has assembled and that Congress is ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased
to make, and had appointed Mr. R. C. Sohiwck
of Ohio, Mr. J. A. Logan of Illinois, and Mr.
M. C. Kerb of Indiana to be the committee
on tho part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (at one o'clock and ten
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate take
a recess till a quarter before two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (at one o'clock
and forty-five minutes.) The recess having
expired the Senate resumes its session.
messages from the president.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the commit-
tee of the Senate appointed to wait upon the
President of the United States and inform him
