1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate
notifying the House that that body had ap-
pointed a committee, consisting of Mr. Came-
ron and Mr. McCreery, to join such commit-
tee as may be appointed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform him that a quorum
of each House had assembled, and that Con-
gress was ready to receive any communication
he may be pleased to make.
LOUISIANA DELEGATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. X offer the following reso-
lution:
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That inasmuch as the name* of Louis St.
Martin, Lionel A. Sheldon, and George Yf. McCranie,
claiming severally to be elected Representatives from
the State of Louisiana, in the Forty-First Congress,
have beenomittedbytheClerkfromthe roll of mem-
bers because, as is alleged, their several credentials
or certificates of election do not show that they were
regularly clected in accordance with the laws of the
said State or of the United States, the credentials of the
said several named persons be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections when appointed for inquiry and
examination into the right of said persons, respect-
ively, to be admitted on their sajd certificates to take
the seats which they claim, with the instructions to
said committee to report at as early a day as prac-
ticable.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
.to me for a moment for a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I observe in the resolution a
phrase which may lead to some doubt as to the
character of the instructions to the Committee
of Elections and as to their authority under this
resolution. Heinstructsthe committee whether
the applicants for seats are entitled to seats
under their credentials. The question arises
whether the gentleman means that this shall
go to their prima facie title under the certifi-
cate of the Governor. Does hewishtht^com-
mittee to inquire into their right fully? I
ask the gentleman, that all doubt may be
removed on this point, to explain what he
means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think if the resolution
were again read and the gentleman would listen
attentively to it it w-ould explain itself. It is
proposed, as nothing appears before the House
at this time but that the certificates are imper-
fect, to refer them to the Committee of Elec-
tions for report at as early a day as practi-
cable whether these applicants are entitled to
take their seats under those certificates. It
therefore involves nothing but the prima facie
ease. If any other fact be presented to the
House that will open another inquiry, but I
have confined myself to the prima facie case.
Mr. PAINE. I do not object to the resolu-
tion in its present form, but merely inquired
what the gentleman meant by it. I under-
stand it only goes to the regularity of the Gov-
ernor's certificate.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is entirely confined to
the prima facie case. I think the resolution
is explicitly expressed, but if it is not, if the
gentleman will show me where, I will mod-
ify it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask thegcntleman from
Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. This involves, if I un-
derstand it, nearly the whole question of the
recent election in the State of Louisiana, held
in N ovember at the time these gentlemen were
elected. If I understand the facts correctly
in that case, if they have not been^ reported
inaccurately, both through the public papers
and through the public documents, that was
such a proceeding as this House ought not to
recognize as an election for any purpose. At
the counting of the votes for President and
Vice President, on motion of one of my then
colleagues that the vote of that State should
not be counted, more than fifty members, on
the facts wo then had, voted to sustain the
proposition.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. We cannot go into
the discussion of this election under the reso-
lution offered by my colleague, and I make
that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution opens the whole
subject for discussion.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me a short time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is occupying the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will as soon as the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is through.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I recollect rightly my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Sohexck] on that occa-
sion introduced a resolution and attempted to
have it passed to the effect that the reason he
so voted was because he had no official inform-
ation of such facts as would justify the rejection
of the vote. It was to reserve to himself the
privilege of any future action unembarrassed
by that vote. True, at that time there had
been no official investigation. Since that time
we have had an official report from the Com-
mitteeofTClectionsinthe last House disclosing
various facts to which I now ask the attention
of my friend, the mover of this resolution.
In addition to that we have various other items
of information tending to show that the pre-
tended election held in the State ofLouisianain
November last was a mere farce; that it was a
fraud on the ballot-box and ought not to be
recognized as giving validity to any of its pre-
tended acts. I hope, therefore, the gentleman
will not present any resolution looking to any
action short of a thorough and lull investiga-
tion of all the facts attending what was done
at that time and a decision upon the case.
The purity of the ballot-box cannot be too
fully guarded. Theie is no body of men that
has the same opportunity of guarding it as we,
the Representatives of this House. We can
now examine and settle this question without
any charge of partisan bias, without any just
charge of political unfairness, because so far as
the political structure of this House is con-
cerned it matters not whether these gentlemen
are admitted to their seats or not. The ma-
jority is unequivocally and decidedly oneway.
We ought therefore, as it seems to me, to
order this affair to be investigated thoroughly
from the bottom before wo presume to take
any action recognizing its validity or recog-
nizing any right, even prima facie, for the time
being that may have accrued under it.
It will be recollected that an election oc-
curred in April last, and a contest arose in one
of the congressional districts. In opposition to
my judgment and after such argument as I was
able to address to the House it was declared
that the person contesting the seat of a de-
ceased member was not entitled to it. This
decision for the first time presented the ques-
tion whether we could regard the credentials
of the person who was certified by the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana to have been elected for the
unexpired term of thedeceased member. This
election was held at the same time as that
under which these gentlemen claim a seat.
Although it was moved that the gentleman hold-
ing the credentials was entitled to be admitted
prima fade by virtue of his certificate during
the investigation then pending, the House by
an overwhelming vote decided adversely and
refused admittance, establishing a precedent
thereby which, for the sake of consistency at
least, we ought to follow; and I trust the gen-
tleman will so frame his resolution or allow it
to bo so amended that the investigation we
order will go to the very merits of the case by
an inquiry into all the facts of the transaction
and nothing short of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield four minutes to
my colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to call the at-
tention of the House to the point which the
gentleman from Tennessee has made in regard
to the election in Louisiana, and I call atten-
tion to the further fact that up to the present
moment there is not known (o the House the
existence of any document raL-mg the question
of the general validity of the election in Louisi-
ana unless they may appear in the papers iu
regard to contests of some of these seats. But
I call attention to the further fact that at least
one of these gentlemen from Louisiana is here
with his certificate and his seat is not contested.
Now, the names of these persons were notput
on the roll by the Clerk for this reason only:
that in the judgment of the Clerk there was an
informality iu the wording of the certificates
issued by the Governor. Instead of setting
forth that the persons were " duly elected" the
certificates declare-that at an election held in
accordance with law the persons named " re-
ceived a majority of all the votes cast." Nov?,
I hold that to be rather a matter of form than
substance. I have no doubt the Clerk did what
he deemed to be entirely correct, but it seems
to me when a certificate states that a person
has received a majority of the votes cast at an
election it is just as valid as though it stated
that the person was duly elected. 1 understand
that to be the only point on which these names
were left off the roll, and I hold it to be com-
petent for the House now to declare that the
form is sufficient and that those gentlemen be
sworn in unless there be personal objections
on the score of disloyalty or some similar ob-
jection.
Now, to settle the first question and the only
question that is thus far before the House it
is proposed by the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio to send the credentials to the Com-
mittee of Elections when appointed, and that
committee is to examine and report to the House
whether these certificates entitle the persons
holingthcin to be sworn in ; and when the report
of the committee on that first and only point in
issue is made the House can immediately enter-
tain any question of contest or of personal loy-
alty, or any other question that may arise. It
seems to me eminently proper that this course
should be taken in view of the fact that the seat
of one of the members-elect from Louisiana is
not contested, and nothing now prevents his
being sworn in except the alleged informality
of his certificate. No person appears to chal-
lenge his right to the seat, and he is personally
known to me as a gentleman of eminent loy-
alty, against whom no personal question on
that score can possibly be raised. 1 hope the
resolution will pass in the precise language of
my colleague.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT OS TUB PRESIDENT.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before proceeding with
this subject, I ask unanimous consent to take
up and concur in the resolution just received
from the Senate for the appointment of a com-
mittee to wait on the President.
There was"1'no objection; and the message
from the Senate was taken up and read, as fol-
io ivs :
Ix Senate op the United States,
Muich 5.18G9.
Ecsnlned, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers on the part of the Senate be appointed to join
such committee as may be appointed by the House
of Representatives to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform hiiuthat a quorum of each
House has assembled, and that Congress is ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased to
m<9nfo-«A That Mr. C imerost and Mr. MeCitEERT?
be the committee on the pait of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move that a committee
of three he appointed on the part of the House
to join the committee on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Sciiknck, Mr. Logan, and Mr,
Kerb as the committee on the part of the
House.
LOUISIANA DELEGATION.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, before demanding
the previous question on my resolution I yield
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb. 3
Mr. KERR. I desire very briefly to invite
the attention of the House to the point upon
which it was tiiat the Clerk of the House in
makimr up the roll declined to place upon
the roll the names of the Kcpreseufatives from
the Slate of Louisiana, and in order to mako
my presentation of the point as brief mid clear
