1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
ceedings at (he election in the State of Louisi-
ana or in any particular district. The whole
matter can be inquired into under proper reso-
lutions or upon the presentation and reference
of proper papers for a contested election.
But I maintain that we have now nothing
officially before us except this one question
upon which I want the House to act. 1 do
not like to go outside of the record, because
the precedent which would be set by such a
proceeding might some time "return to plague
the inventors." Let us go straight forward
without reference to any questions of party or
politics or rumor. Let us do what we would
do in any other case.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the certificates themselves, as
executed by the Governor in the form pre-
scribed by law, are not higher authority than
the action of the Clerk of this House, now that
the House is organized?
Mr. SCHENCK. Unquestionably they are.
But I prefer to have them submitted to the
calm, deliberate examination and judgment
of the appropriate committee; and my resolu-
tion proposes to direct that the Committee of
Elections when appointed shall report on this
question at as early a day as practicable; be-
cause if these men were entitled prima facie
to the seat, and nothing intervenes to exclude
them, they ought all of them to be admitted to
be sworn in upon this prima facie case.
I am asked what is the scope of my resolu-
tion? It contemplates an inquiry into every-
thing disclosed by those certificates and con-
nected with the election which will tend to
settle the question whether the certificates are
from the proper authority; whether they relate
to an election which appears by the evidence
thus furnished to have been held and held at
the proper time; whether the certificates are
in proper form. But I do not propose to go
into any question in regard to the^ murders or
other outrages committed in Louisiana, simply
because nothing has yet been presented^ to
bring such subjects before us. I do not object
to the gentleman from Tennessee or any other
gentleman following up this resolution to-day
or at any future time by a proposition to extend
the inquiry into these things, based upon any
allegations that he may make or any refer-
ences to known facts or to papers that may be
presented. But I think it would be going out-
side of the record to couple any such investi-
gation with that proposed in my resolution. 1
hope that v;e shall not undertake to decide any
such question now in open House, but that we
shall confine our action to the question of the
prima facie right of these gentlemen to their
seats upon their credentials, and that we shall
refer this question to the Committee of Elec-
tions, leaving to the parties concerned or their
friends in this House to bring forward any other
question in relation to the right to these seats,
such investigation to be superadded to the
inquiry which we now order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Here we have these ques-
tions presented to us in limine. Why not
refer them to the same committee by another
resolution ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well ; let the gen-
tleman offer that other resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do offer another reso-
lution as an additional proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question. _ ..
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BUliR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays oi, not voting
38; as follows:
Bailey,
Churchill, Clarke, Wisa Cobb, Clinton Xj. Cobb,
Oook, Conger, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deweose,
Dickey, Dixon, I'ockery, Donley, I^or.Farnswoith,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Garfield,Gilfillan, 1*01-
lacfav, Ilawlev, Hoar, Hooper, Hopkins, Ingersoll,
AlexanderII. Jones, Judd. Kclley, Kelsey, Retcham,
Knapp, Laliin, Lash, Lawrenco, Lougliriage, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur.Eliakim
II. Moore, William Mooi e, Daniel J. Morrell,Negley.
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,Paine, Palmer, Pome-
roy.Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington 0. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, William B.Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
temore, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Witcher, and Woodward—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler Archer, Axtell,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Brooks, Burr, Calkin,
Cleveland, Dickinson. Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, Getz,
Griswold, Haiglit, Hald'eman, Hambleton, llnmill,
Iloag, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, Mayhain. McNeely, Moffet, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Niblack, Poland, Potter, Randall,
Reading, Reeves, Schumaker, Shanks, Slocum,
Stiles, Stone, St/ader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Aulc en. Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
and Wood—54. _ ,
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Banks,
Bennett, Boles, Bowen, BenjaminF. Butler, Coburn,
Cowles, Crebs, Duval, Fisher, Greene, Hale, Haw-
kins, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hotchkiss, Jenekes, Julian,
Logan,Lynch, MeCormick, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill. Peters, Phelps. Rogers, Sheldon,
Joseph S. Smith, Taffe, Van Horn, Voorliees, Elihu
B. Washburne, and Wilkinson—38.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN iU. MCE AND BOYD WINCHESTER.
Mr. BECK. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Boyd Winchester and Jons M.
Rich, Representatives-elect trom the State of Ken-
tucky, be now sworn in, and the papers tiled against
their admission ho referred to the Coramitteeof Elec-
tions, when one shall be appointed, with directions
to report as soon as practicable,
Mr. Speaker, 1 hold in my hand the certifi-
cate of the clerk of the United States district
court that the indictmentalleged yesterdayhad
been dismissed on the motion of the United
States district attorney.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not know upon what
ground the indictment was dismissed, whether
on the pardon of the President or not. I pre-
sent a copy of the indictment, and will let itgo
with the other papers. Does this resolution
embrace both names ?
Mr. BECK. It does.
Mr. SHANKS. I have the papers of Mr.
Ziegler and twenty-three others against Mr.
Rice's loyalty. 1 ask that all the papers be
referred.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object to the
reading of any papers.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say again that the
indictment was dismissed on motion of the
United States district attorney.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 have admitted that; but
upon what ground?
Mr. BECK. That having been admitted I
cannot see why the indictment should be read.
Mr. SHANKS. The certificate shows that
the case was dismissed by the attorney of the
State, but I do not know upon what ground.
It does not appear upon the papers. I leave
the matter to the House.
Mr. BECK. That being done, of course
there was no case.
Mr. SHANKS. That is a very fair pre-
sumption.
Mr. BECK. I think it is. I object to the
reading of it; and I now demand the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. Winchester and Mr. Rice then ap-
peared and took the oath of oflico prescribed
by law.
TWENTY-FIRST DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. WOODWARD. I offer the following
resolution, and demand the previous question
thereon:
Rezolved, That the returns of the election from the
twenty-first district of Pennsylvania be referred to
the Committee of Elections to be appointed, with
instructions to report as early as practicable which
of the claimants to a seat in this House has a prima
facie right thereto.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have been trying to get
the ear of the Chair in order to offer a resolu-
tion upon this subject, and I hope the gentle-
man will not demand the previous question
without allowing me to offer an amendment.
If he does, I hope the House will vote it down.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am willing to have
it reported, but as I do not know what it is I
will reserve the right to object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not accept that sug-
gestion. I will ask the House to vote down
the previous question. I wish to see if I ean
not have a right to offer the amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. The resolution I have
submitted is in the very terms of the resolution
upon which the ease of Coffroth vs. Koontz
was referred to the Election Committee. I
took it from that case, in the very terms which
the House sanctioned on a prior occasion.
Of course I do not know what the gentleman's
amendment is, therefore I cannot say whether
I can accept it or not. 1 trust, however, that
the House will not deny me the previous ques-
tion simply because the gentleman lias an
amendment which he will notallow me to see.
I am willing it shall be read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have an amendment
which the gentleman will not allow to be of-
fered. He says if I will let it be read to him
in the hearing of the House, if he should then
be in favor of it himself he will not object..
What I ask of him is permission to offer it
and have it pending in the House, so that
whether he likes or dislikes it I may have a
vote on it. Now, if the House does not sus-
tain his demand for the previous question I
will then have, an opportunity to offer it.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, having
followed precisely the established precedent of
this House in a former case in framing my
resolution, I move the previous question.
The House refused to second the previous
questions—ayes 48, noes 82.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now offer the following
as a substitute for the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the Governor of Pennsylvania, in his
proclamation dated November IT, 186S, declared
with reference to tho twenty-first district of said
State that " no suc-h returns have been received by
the secretary of the Commonwealth as would,under
the laws of tho State, authoiize me to proclaim the
name of any person as having been returned duly
elected a member of the House of Representatives
of tho United States for that district;" and whereas
said Governor, in transmitting to the Clerk of the
House certain affidavits in relation to the election
in said district, states in a letter dated lebruary 27,
1869, " that the affidavits were taken before oilieers
properly authorized to administer oaths and indicate
the election of Hon. John Covode:" Therefore,
Ilcivived, That lion. John Covode be sworn aa the
sitting member for said district, without prejudice to
the rights of Hon. Henry D. Foster, contestant.
Mr. SCOFIELD. _ Mr. Speaker, in the pre-
amble of this resolution I have quoted the very
language used by the Governor in his procla-
mation and in his letter addressed to the Clerk
of this House inclosing the affidavits to which
he refers. It will be observed that in the proc-
lamation he says there are no returns upon
which he could base a proclamation giving the
seat to either gentleman ; and in the letter he
says that these papers which have been laid
before him indicate the election of John Co-
vode.
Now, in the case of Butler vs. Lehman the
Governor of Pennsylvania assumed to go be-
hind the returns made by the district return
judges in favor of one man, and explored the
different precincts for facts and ascertained to
his satisfaction that the return of one precinct
which the district return judges had allowed
was a forgery, and he set aside the return and
put the name of one of the parties in his_proc-
lamation. In this case the Governor in his
proclamation says that there are not sufficient
returns from the districts on which he may
base his proclamation, but afterward lie goes
behind his own proclamation and does investi-
gate to some extent, ex pa vie to be sure, two
