14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
precincts, and decides upon an examination
of the testimony submitted to liim that the
papers submitted to him indicate the election
of Mr. Covode. That is a certificate in his
favor. It is a certificate which entitles him
to take his seat pending the contest.
My colleague says that he has used the lan-
guage in his resolution which was used in the
case of Coffroth vs. Koontz. Now, that is an
unfortunate reference for him. In that very
case we decided—and I want to show the lib-
erality of this side of the House, [laughter]—
that a political opponent, while the case was
doubtful and the Governor had given neither
of the parties a certificate, should take the seat
during the contest; and we found upon an ex-
amination of the facts that the other man was
entitled to it. And so in the last Congress, in
the case of Clever and Chaves, we allowed a
political opponent, where there was no suffi-
cient certificate, to take the seat pending the
contest, and it was afterward ascertained that
we had decided against ourselves and that the
other man was entitled to it. In the case of
Coffroth and Koontz, Mr. Coffroth was allowed
to take the seat in the first instance under just
such a resolution; but when the evidence came
to be.presented it showed that he was not
entitled to it, and Mr. Koontz was admitted to
the seat. I think this is a case where the
House is justified in takingthe letter and proc-
lamation of the Governor together and giving
Mr. Covode the seat pending the contest. One
or the other of these gentlemen must have it.
Which one shall we select? The Governor
says that the papers presented to him indi-
cate the election of Covode. Now, so long as
we must give the seat pending the contest to
one or the other, why not give it to the one
whom the Governor says from the papers pre-
sented to him is the right man ? I know that
vc will be open to a charge of favoring a po-
litical friend, and I was endeavoring to repel
that charge by showing that in the last Con-
gress and in the Congress before that, where
it was doubtful who was entitled to the seats,
we allowed our political enemies to hold the
seats pending the contest, and found out after-
wards that they were not entitled to the seats.
This is a doubtful case, and we have a right to
take the opinion of the Governor, as indicated
in his letter, and give the seat to the gentle-
man whom he says appears to be elected.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to call attention
to two points in this case, ard I ask both the
gentlemen from Pennsylvania whether I do
not state it correctly. As I understand it we
have two things in an election case to consider:
first, the prima facie case; and second, the
case on its merits. The prima facie case turns
only on one thing, namely, the regularity of
the certificate of election. No matter what lies
behind the certificate he has the prima facie
case, and is entitled to hold the seat. When
that is settled we go into the contest on its
merits; we look into frauds and all other ques-
tions. In the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woojjward,] there was a certificate, and
on that certificate a prima facie case was made
and the seat was awarded on that ground.
But as I understand this ease there is no cer-
tificate whatever. The Governor in his proc-
lamation declares that the state of the returns
is such that under the laws of Pennsylvania
he cannot certify to either man that he was
elected; and there is therefore no thing on which
to base a prima facie case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to correct my
friend. The Governor after making that proc-
lamation, whieh was a proclamation and pub-
lished as such, and which was sent to the Clerk,
wrote a letter to the Clerk afterward inclosing
papers whieh he says in his letter indicate the
election of Mr. Covode.
Mr. RANDALL, That was a private letter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No. sir; it was a letter
to the Clerk of the House, ft seems to me
therefore perfectly clear that in this case there
can be no prima facie ease, because there is
no certificate.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARFIELD. Wait a moment.
Mr. WOODWARD. But I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] not to decide
this case until he has heard the evidence.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not propose to do so.
In the next place it is alleged by my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] that in
addition to the proclamation of the Governor,
that there was no condition of things which
would entitle him to give a certificate to any
party for that district, the Governor has writ-
ten a letter to the Clerk of this House for-
warding a document which goes to show that
Mr. Covode is entitled to the seat.
Now, I call the attention of the House to
the fact that the document referred to is a let-
ter to the Clerk. It might be a letter to me ;
it might be a letter to anybody ; but it is not a
certificate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. It is a certificate ; it is in the
shape of a certificate, with the seal of the
State of Pennsylvania attached, and attested
by the secretary of the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARBMELD. Now, I should be very
sorry when there is a proclamation of the Gov-
ernor saying that the returns do not warrant
him, under the laws of Pennsylvania, in giving
a certificate to either of the parties claiming
the seat, and that he does not therefore give a
certificate—I should be very sorry, I say,
should my political associates on this floor de-
cide, on the basis of a letter written subse-
quently by the Governor expressing his opinion
that there are frauds enough on the other side
to elect Mr. Covode, that he is to take the seat
pending the determination of that question.
If we do that I do not see how we can justly
escape the charge which will be made against
us, that we so decide because Mr. Covode is
ourpoliticalfriend. I trust neither the original
resolution nor the substitute will be adopted,
but that all the papers in the case will be sent
to the Committee of Elections for a report on i
the merits of the case. >
Mr. SCOFIELD. I must now resume the i
floor. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar- j
field] not only mistakes the case, but he mis- ;
takes the fact. According to his statement !
nobody would ever be entitled to a seat until !
you can explore thewholc evidence in the case, |
examine all the testimony taken, and learn :
absolutely whom the people selected as their
Representative. Now, one of these men must
take the seat pending the contest.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not necessarily.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The whole speech of the
gentleman was based upon the idea that it was
not worth while to have either of these gentle-
men here, but that the district might be allowed
to go without any Representative here at all.
Sir, in that case all their local interests might
remain unattended to by any Representative
until perhaps nex± year, when evidence may
be brought here, expensively and laboriously
collected in the mean time, showing that Mr.
Covode was beyond all doubt entitled to the
seat.
That is not the course which has heretofore
been pursued by tins House. We have alwavs
allowed one of the claimants to take the seat
pending the contest, and the other man becomes
the acting contestant, serving notice of con- ,
test, and the testimony is taken, the people !
having a local Representative in the mean time.
Now, whieh of these gentlemen should be
allowed to take this seat? The only question
in my mind was whether we should send the
matter to the Committee of Elections to be
determined. But inasmuch as it was simple
and plain, and we had twice in late Congresses
awarded the seat at first against our own polit-
ical friends, I thought it might be well enough
to pass upon the matter ourselves. The Com-
mittee of Elections can tell us only what the
Governor has said, and what may be the papers
statements, or returns from townships and
counties, and that we have now,
I say, although tlie Gotenior has made proc-
lamation that no papers were luid before him
upon which he could base a certificate, the law
of Pennsylvania fixes 110 time when the Gov-
ernor shall ascertain that fact. In the days of
Governor Packer, wliea a Whig was elected in
Philadelphia, receiving the certificate of nil the
return judges, and when all the forms of law
had been complied with, Governor Packer set
the return aside ; he went down into the pre-
cincts and explored there for errors. Finding
in this way one error—a real one, I suppose—
he then gave the certificate to the Democratic
candidate, although the return judges had cer-
tified to the election of his competitor. And
when the man bearing the certificate presented
himself here this House in its fairness, although
politically hostile to the Democrats—I think
the House had a Whig organization at that
time—sustained the Governor in his action.
Now, Governor Geary, although he lias not
done as much as was done by Governor Packer,
has explored the townships where the frauds
are alleged to have been committed, has looked
over the whole case, and he sends to the Clerk
of the House, under the seal of the State, these
papers, accompanied with his own official dec-
laration that they indicate the election of John
Covode. I say that this is sufficient for the
House to base its judgment upon and to allow
John Covode to take the seat pending the con-
test, his competitor being permitted to come
here as a contestant.
I yield now to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, if my
colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
can get his political friends in this House to
decide this question without knowing what it
is, he may possibly get Mr. Covode into the
seat when Mr. Covode has not thought it best
to contest or claim the seat. General Foster
was dnly elected at the late election ; the
returning officers certified that he was duly
elected; and John Covode has instituted no
contest under the act of Congress for this seat.
The mode in which the gentleman propases to
introduce him into the seat is by asking this
House to admit him without looking at the
facts of the case. I suppose the House will
do no such thing. I now ask the House to
look briefly at the facts and the law of this ease
upon which they are asked to decide.
The act of Congress under whieh this House
is organized requires each applicant for a seat
to produce credentials; and they are to be such
credentials as are prescribed by the law of the
United States or of the State. As in this case
there is no law of the United States prescribing
the form of credentials for our State elections,
we are to look for credentials conforming to
the law of the State. This is what the act of
Congress requires us to look for. Now. sir, 1
propose to exhibit to the House the State cre-
dentials—the only credentials 011 earth relating
to thecase—whieh prove beyond all controversy
that Henry D. Foster, and not John Covode,
was elected to this Congress from the twenty-
first congressional district.
Let me saythatthetwenty-first congressional
district consists of three counties—the county
of W estmoreland, the county of Fayette, and
the county of Indiana. By the law of Penn-
sylvania the retnrn judges 111 each county are
required to meet at the county seat, and after
casting up the returns, to appoint one of their
number to meet return judges similarly ap-
pointed, one from each of" the other counties.
a.t some common point to determine the result
in the congressional district. In exact accord-
ance with this act of Assembly a return jtidjje
was appointed from each of those counties.
The three return judges, one from each comity,
met in the town of Greensburg, in Westmore-
land county, upon the day fixed by law.
Mr. Speaker, there is so much confu-dun pre-
vailing in the Ilall that it is impossible for me
to make myself heard.
The SPEAKER. There is a momentary
excitement prevailing in the Hall.
I am informed that
the Cabinet appointments have just been ah-
nouneed.
