1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
Many Members. Let them be read.
Mr. WOODWARD. I give way that the
Clerk may read the Cabinet appointments.
The Clerk read as follows:
"E. B. Wasbburne, of Illinois, Secretary of State.
A. T. Stewart, of Mew York, Secretary of the Treas-
ury; J udge Hoar, of Massachusetts, Attorney Gen-
eral; J. A. J. Cresweli, of Maryland, Postmaster
General; Governor Cox, of Ohio, Secretary of the
Interior; and A. E. Borie, of Pennsylvania, Seere
taiy of the Navy."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
take a recess of ten minutes, that the mourners
tnay have an opportunity to condole with each
other. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I object to a recess.
Mr. WOOD. I hope that gentlemen on the
other side of the House will keep cool.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that we take a
reccss.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have the floor, and it
cannot be taken from me for that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let us have order, then.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House ad-
journ ; and on that motion we can have the
yeas and nays, which will give the House time
enough to come to order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have the floor. My
colleague offered his resolution and demanded
the previous question, and the House having
refused to second the previous question the
Speaker gave me the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then the gentleman
gave it to me, and I now hold it.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I was more courteous to
my colleague than he was to me when he had
the floor and I asked him to yield to me.
By unanimous consent the House then took
a recess for five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
' Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I am
unfortunate in having been interrupted in the
statement of my case, although the intelligence
is interesting which interrupted me. I will
say for the information of those around me,
•-o far as concerns the Secretary of the Navy,
that a more conservative and respectable citi-
zen of Pennsylvania could scarcely have been
selected than Mr. Borie.
I was about stating to the House what the
case is which we are called upon to decide. I
suppose there is no judge upon this bench who
is not willing to know what the case is before
he decides it. f say that these return judges
for the counties^ of Westmoreland, Indiana,
and Fayette, which compose this twenty-first
district of Pennsylvania, met according to law
and cast up the returns of the district. They
appointed a clerk of their body. They pro-
ceeded in all respects according to law, and
made a certificate, which I hold in my hand,
showing that Henry D. Foster was elected by a
majority of the votes of that district. Two of
these three gentlemen signed this paper, but
the return judge from Indiana county refused
to sign it. He was there acting with the other
two -who had met in pursuance of notice. It
was a regular meeting of the board charged
with the duty of casting up the returns of votes
and certifying the result. One of them, Mr.
Doty, refused to sign the returns. Thatieturn
was sent to Governor Geary. It showed that
two of the three men who constituted the
board certified to General Foster's election.
I wish tosaytotheHouse that the highest legal
authority of Pennsylvania, which my colleague
will respect as much as any other man, has
decided, and this House confirmed the decision,
that where a public duty is charged upon three,
and they are convened for the, purpose of per-
forming that duty on duenotice, the act of the
majority of the body is the act of the body
itself. I say that it is the law of Pennsylvania,
and gentlemen will not controvert it. It was
so decided by Mr. Meredith, the attorney gen-
eral of Pennsylvania, in the case of Coffroth
vs. Koontz. Now, sir, on that showing of the
law of Pennsylvania, notwithstanding the re-
fusal of Mr. Doty, one of the judges, to sign,
Governor Geary was bound by law to issue his
proclamation in favor of General Foster.
The act of Assembly gives him thirty days, I
tbink, in^ which to issue his proclamation.
When a similar question came before Governor
Curtin he took the opinion of his attorney gen-
eral, Mr. Meredith, and he decided, what Gov-
ernor Geary ought to have decided, that the per-
formance of a public duty by two out of three
judges was alegal and valid performance of their
duty. Governor Curtin issued his proclamation
upon that doctrine. Governor Geary seems not
to have consulted his attorney general) Mr.
Brewster, of Philadelphia. If he had been con-
sulted doubtless he would have advised him as'
Attorney General Meredith advised Governor
Curtin, that it was his duty to certify the man
who was returned to him by the return judges.
I have that opinion before me, and I will read
an extract therefrom:
"It is well_ established that unless otherwise ex-
pressly provided anauthoii tyot a public nature con-
ferred on three or more persons jointly may be ex-
ecuted by amajority at a meeting lawfully hold and of
which all have had legal notice, and that the meeting
and proceedings of such a body are presumed to bo
regular in the absence of proof to the contrary. But
the minority of such a. body cannot by withdrawing
(for whatever reason) from the majority and pro-
ceeding- to act independently vest in themselves the
authority which the law has conferred on the whole
and permits to be exercised by a majority as above
stated.
"In a recent opinion I hare stated my reasons,
whiehneed not be here recapitulated,forarrivingat
the conclusion that the Governor has no right to go
behind the returns for the purpose of inquiring into
tbeir correctness; that his functions in regard to them
are strictly ministerial."
In the case of Coffroth us. Koontz the return
judge of Somerset county did not meet the
others, and they decided that he was acting in
violation of his duty. Jn the present case he
did meet with the others and did concur down
to the point of affixing his signature, which he
refused to give. That is the only instance of
practical rebellion of which he was guilty.
This manDoty met with the other return judges,
cast up and counted the vote, and saw that Mr.
Foster was elected, and it was not until the time
came for him to sign the returns that he de-
clined to attach his signature.
Now, sir, that paper which the Clerk of this
House has I will ask him to read for the
information of the House. It is the creden-
tial—the word used in the act of Congress—
of Henry D. Foster.
The Clerk read as follows:
We, the subscribers, being duly appointed return
judges for the counties at Indiana, Fayette, and
Westmoreland, State of Pennsylvania, and counties
composing the twonty-iirst congressional district of
the State of Pennsylvania by flic several boards of
return judges of an election held in said counties on
Tuesday, the loth day of Octobcr, A. J). 1808, having
met together at the court-house in the borough of
ttrecnsbuvg, inWesttnorelandcounty, Pennsylvania,
and having carefully examined the returns of said
counties and added together alt the votes therein con-
tained according to law, do certify that for member
of the House of Representatives of the United States
Henry D. Foster, of Westmoreland county, received
13,807 votes, being the highest number of votes cast,
and he is thereforo duly elected to theoiheeof mem-
ber of the House of liepresentatives of the United
States to represent the twenty-first congressional
district of Pennsylvania, composed of tho counties
of Indiana, fayette, and Westmoreland.
In testimony whereof we have hereunto set our
hands and seals this 20th day of October, A. P. 1SCS.
[l. s.] JAC. TUIlNEy,
Hetusd Judge nf W>stmnrelanrl County.
[l. s.J WILLIAM HATFIELD,
Return Jiulge of Fayette County,
Jtulge of f/uliana County.
Attest-
ii. bybus Kuhxs, i n,
A. U. Marsh, i
Aud we the undersigned, return judges of Fayette
and Westmoreland counties, do further ccrtify that
at the time and plaee mentioned in the within cer-
tificate, Israel Doty, the return judge from Indiana
county, duly attended and met with us; that the
board was organized by the appointment of Hon.
William Hatfield, president, and it. Byers Kuhn>, and
A. G. Marsh, clerks, who were duly qualified; that
the said Israel Doty presented his certificate of ap-
pointment, a copy of which is hereunto annexed,
(marked_"A,'0 as return judge aforesaid ; that each
ofthe said judges of the aforesaid counties proceeded
and presented the returns of their respective coun-
ties (a copy of the return presented by the said Is-
rael Doty being hereto annexed and marked "B")
which were received, duly cast up, and added to-
gether as stated in the within certificate; that the
saiu certificate and duplicates as required by 1 p.w
were duly made out; and that the said Israel Doty,
return judge as aforesaid, then refused to sign the
said certificate and duplicate as required by law,
although he was requested so to do by the board.
I n witness whereof wo have hereunto set our hands
and seals this 20th day of October, A J). 1868
I1-- SJ JAC. TURKEY,
Jictum Judge of Westmoreland County*
& -s-l _ WILLIAM HATFIELD,
Attest* iveftirn Judge of Fayette County.
II. BykKS IiUHA'S,
A. fi. Marsh.
Mr, SCOFIELD. I cannotyield any further.
We had that opinion a long while ago. I have
but fifteen minutes left, and I promised to
yield to some other gentlemen. I have only
taken ten minutes of my hour myself, giving
the remainder to those opposed to my motion!
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
mo for a few minutes?
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I will do so in a moment.
I am willing to concede what I believo from
an examination of the papers is the fact, that,
those of the return judges who are in sympathy
with Mr. Foster came to the conclusion that he
had a majority of 41, and tho other one, whose
political sympathies are with Mr. Covode,
came to the conclusion that he had a majority
of over 300, I believe.
Mr. WOODWARD. No, sir; I beg leave
to contradict the gentleman. He is mistaken
about that. Mr. Doty came to no such con-
clusion. The only conclusion he came to was
that he would not sign the return.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Well, the gentleman is
very blunt in his language, and if he was cor-
rect in his facts I would pardon his manner.
The papers on file signed by the return judges
show to what conclusion Mr. Doty came, and
if the gentleman would examine his case be-
fore he comes into the House to argue it he
would probably employ milder language than
to use the word " contradict." In the certifi-
cate of the two Democratic judges they return
as their figuring up that Mr. Foster lias 41
majority, and the Republican return judge fig-
ures it the other way, making a majority of
about 835 for Mr. Covode.
Mr. WOODWARD. I again beg leave to
correct the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I decline toyield at pres-
ent. Now, whether the view of the facts taken
by these judges was influenced and colored by
their political opinions or not I am not here to
determine. I am arguing the question upon the
facts presented and upon the necessities of the
case. In the first place, we must allow one of
these gentlemen to occupy the seat. In the
second place, the Governor of the State has
certified that neither one had a legal return on
which he could give the certificate, and conse-
quently he gave neither of them the certificate.
And he says subsequently that from papers
presented to him he believes that Mr. Covode
was clected. I believe that Mr. Covode was
legally elected. I believe that no committee
of this House can examine the facts and come
to any other conclusion ; and I am not willing
to give the seat now to one man and pay him
the salary of $5,000, and then at the end of a
year, when the facts shall have been examined,
turn him ont and give the other man the seat
and 3-5,000 more, as we did in the cases of
Koontz vs. Oofiroth and Chaves vs. Clever. I
wish to give the seat now to the man whom
the papers on their face indicate as entitled to
it, and then when we come to examine the
facts, if it is ascertained that he is not entitled
to it, why we will unseat him as a matter of
coarse. I now yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania on my left [Air,
Scofikj t>] has offered a substitute for the res- -
olution of his colleague, [Mr. Woopwabd.]
I wish to inquire the state of the question.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemau from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woopwakdj offered a resolution
and demanded the previous question upon it.
The House failed to sustain the previous ques-
tion. The Chair then recognized the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania on the left. [Mr. Sco-
