16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
field-,] who offered a substitute for the reso-
lution ; and the question is on the substitute.
Mr. OA WES. It is perfectly apparent that
the House, by the reading of these papers at
the desk, cannot understand which of these
gentlemen is entitled to the seat pending the
contest, much less can they understand the
merits of the ease. I supposed that it was for
that very purpose that a Committee of Elec-
tions was to be appointed, that they might look
into the papers and examine them and be to
the House in this respect its eyes and ears. I
propose to amend the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scopield.]
What I send to the Clerk's desk I ask to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the proclamation of the
Governor of Pennsylvania dated November 17,1868,
as relates ts the election of Representative in the
twenty-first district of that State and the letter of
said Governor dated February 23. 1869, relative
thereto, together with all the papers referred to in
said letter, be leferred to the Committee of Elec-
tions when appointed, with instructions to report
to the House what person, according to said procla-
mation, letter, and papers, is entitled prima facie to
represent said tweaty-Srst district in the Porty-Pirst
Congress pending any contest that may arise con-
cerning the right to such representation.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question
on the original resolution and amendments
thereto.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Dawes to the substitute offered by Mr.
Scofield for the resolution submitted by Mr.
Woodward.
The amendment to the substitute was agreed
to.
Thesubstitute,asaiueuded, wasthen adopted.
The question was upon adopting the original
resolution as amended by the substitute.
Mr. WOODWARD. Upon that question I
desire to be heard a few moments.
The SPEAKER. No debate is now in
order, for the previous question is operating.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. SCOPIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution, as amended, was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election CONTEST TAYLOR VS. heading.
Mr. SCOFI1SLD. I present the petition of
Caleb N. Taylor, claiming the seafr now held
by Hon. John 11. Heading, of the fifth cor.
gressional district of Pennsylvania, which I
move be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I also ask unanimous
consentthat sixty daysadditional time be given
for the taking of testimony by both sides iti.
this ease.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I offer the follow-
ing resolution :
lleiolved. That in the contested-election ease of
Caleb N". Taylor contesting- against Hon. John K.
Keading, sitting member from the fifth congres-
sional distiictof Pennsylvania, the time for taking
testimony be, and the same is hereby, extended for
the space of sixty days from the passage ol this res-
olution.
The judges in Philadelphia have all been
engaged in court and have had no lime to take
the testimony in this case. I call the previous
question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution.
Mr. STILES. On that question I call for
tho yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were fifteen in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last, vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted, upon a
division—ayes 91, noes 24.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
\ NOTIFICATION TO THK PRESIDENT.
Mr. SCHENCK. T rise to make a privi-
leged report. The joint committee from the
two Houses appointed to wait upon the Presi-
dent and inform him that the Senate and the
House of Representatives were in session and
prepared to receive any communication from
him, have attended to that duty. I have to
report that the President informed us that about
two hours ago, anticipating that the Senate
would probably be in session, he sent some
nominations to that body, but he has no mes-
sage to send to Congress.
GEORGIA MEMBERS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that Joseph
W. Clift, Nelson Tift, W. P. Edwards, Samuel
F. Gove, Charles II. Prince, and P. M. B.
Young be now sworn in as members of the
Forty-First Congress from the State of Georgia.
And I ask the Clerk to read the credentials
of one of these gentlemen as a specimen. I
believe they are all alike.
The Clerk read as follows :
State of Georgia.
By the Governor, IIukcsB. Bullock,
Governor of said State,
To Hon. Nelsox Tift, areetiaa :
Whereas the convention of the people of this
State, held under tho reconstruction acts of Con-
gress, passed an ordinance, dated 10th March, 1863,
which ordained that an election be held, beginning
on the 20th day of April, 1868, for Representatives to
the Congress of the Dmted States: and whereas the
returns made agreeably to said ordinance show that
you received the highest number ofvotes for Repre-
sentative from the second congressional district of
this titate; and whereas it is my duty under the
laws of Georgia to commission the persons legally
eleeted.
These are therefore to commission you, tho said
Nelson Tift, to take ee^sion in the House of Repre-
sentatives of tho United States in accordance with
said election under said ordinance, a copy of which
is hereunto annexed, and to use and exeicise all and
every tho privileges and powers which by right you
may or can do, under and by virtue of the Constitu-
tion, in behait ot this State.
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
Slate, at the capital, in Atlanta, this the 24th
rT „ -i dav of November, in tho year of our Lord
JSCS, and of the independence of the United
States of America, the ninety-third
Ituri S B. BOLLOCK, Governor.
By the Governor:
David G. (Jotting, Sccietary of Slate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House has heard
read the credentials of Mr. Tift, which exhibit
the form of those of the other members. It
will be observed by the House that these gen-
tlemen were elected last spring. Their cases
involve no question with regard to the election
of last fall. There is no charge of fraud in
the election of these gentlemen, nor is there
any contest. Their seats are not contested by
anybody. In pursuance of an order of the
convention they were elected to the Forty-First
Congress at the same time that they were elected
for the residue of the term to the Fortieth Con-
gress. They were admitted to seats in the
Fortieth Congress under that election, and I
see no reason why they should not be admitted
to seats in the Forty-First Congress under the
certificates which they now present. It will
be observed that the technical fault in these
certificates is this, that the Governor does not
state to what Congress they were elected.
Mr. BEAMAN. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question. Were not tnese gen-
tlemen admitted as members of the last Con-
gress upon the same certificates which they now
present ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They were elected
at the same time to both Congresses.
Mr. BE AM AN. Did they have any certifi-
cates for the last Congress?
Mr. FARNSWOUTil. They were elected
on the same day to both Congresses ; and it is
understood, too, that I he Legislature of Georgia
refused or omitted to provide by law for another
election of members of Congress last fall for
the reason that the convention, under whose
action the State had organized, had provided
for such an election, and that the membershad
already been elected. As I said before, there
is nobody contesting the seats of these men ;
nobody else claims to have been elected; there
is no charge of fraud in the election ; and the
only question is whether wc shall admit these
gentlemen to scats as Representatives from the
State of Georgia, or whether the State shall go
unrepresented until the Legislature shall have
provided for a new election, and members shall
have been chosen at that new election. For
my part I see no reason why these gentlemen
ought not to be admitted under those certifi-
cates from the Governor of Georgia.
Mr. WARD. I would like to suggest to
the gentleman the propriety of permitting an
amendment to be offered referring this whole
subject to the Committee of Elections. I think
this question of the admission of Representa-
tives from the State of Georgia is a very grave
question. In view of what has occurred in that
State, in view of the action of members of its
Legislature, in view of the revolutionary pro-
ceedings which have occurred there, involving
utter disregard of the reconstruction acts of
Congress, it is a very grave question whether
we should consent that the State of Georgia
shall now have representation at all upon this
floor. I therefore ask the gentleman to permit
me to move that the whole subject be referred
to the Committee of Elections when appointed,
that they may take into consideration not only
the question of the qualification and election
of these members, but the further question
whether the State of Georgia should now be
represented in Congress at all.
A Member. The Senate has decided the
other way.
Mr. WARD. The Senate has decided to
reject the Senators from Georgia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; I think the Sen-
ate has never voted upon the question. The
question is under consideration there.
Mr. WARD. The Senate at all events has
refused to receive the Georgia Senators.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But, Mr. Speaker, I
take it that the House of Representatives of the
United States is not going to be controlled by
the Senate. But after we have declared that
the State of Georgia has complied with all the
requirements of thereconstruction acts of Con-
gress, that it has adopted a constitution repub-
lican in form, and after we have admitted
Representatives from that State to the Fortieth
Congress, I think we should not stultify our-
selves by excluding the Georgia Representa-
tives from the present Congress until we have
in some authentic form information that Georgia
has gone into another revolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to put a question
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farhs-
wokth,]
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. For want of time and
opportunity I am not as familiar as, perhaps, I
ought to be with the facts or merits of these
Georgia cases. But I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois, who is perhaps better in-
formed than I am, whether it is or is not true, as
I have heard it alleged, that these gentlemen
claiming seats in the Forty-First Congress as
Representatives from Georgia hold their cer-
tificates of election for both the Fortieth and
the Forty-First Congress, the election being
held for both at the same time and by the same
ballot—whether they claim to have been elected
to two Congresses atone election ; whether the
convention of Georgia undertook to provide
there should be one election held at the same
time for members to both Congresses ; and
whether it is under an election of that kind they
are seeking seats in this House?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 ask the Clerk to
read the ordinance of the convention.
The Clerk read as follows :
An ordinance to provide for the election of civil
officers.
Whereas all civil officers of tho bhUo are only pro-
visional until t'As State i? rcpivst nlod in CVmue^s;
and whereas the interest of Georgia requiivs t.iat nil
civil offices should be filled bj loyal citizens .iceoul-
inglo the provisions of the constitution being framed
