1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•IT
by this convention at the earliest practicable mo-
ment, and for the purpose of avoiding any unneces-
sary delay or loss of time and useless expense to the
State:
It if ordained, That an election he held, begin-
ning on the 20th day of April, 1868, (at such plaecs
as may be designated by the commanding general
of this district,) for voting on ratification of the
constitution, for the election of Governor, members
of the General Assembjy, Representatives to the
Congress of theUnvted States, and all other officers
to be elected, as provided in the constitution, and
said election shall be kept open from day to day, at
the discretion of the general commanding; and at
said election on the ratification of the constitution,
and for Governor, members of Congress, members of
the General Assembly, and all other civil officers,
the qualification for voters shall be the same as pre-
scribed by the act of Congress (known as the Sher-
man bill) for voters at the election on the ratifica-
tion of the constitution and at all elections under
the provisional government; and Major General
Meade is respectfully requested to give the neces-
sary orders to carry into effcct the foregoing provis-
ions, and cause due returns to be made and certifi-
cates of election to issue by proper officers.
And be it further ordained, That the regulations
established by Congress for voting upon the ratifica-
tion of the constitution and for voting at elections
under the provisional government shall apply to the
election of officers as aforesaid; and the persons so
elected or appointed shall enter upon the duties of
the several offices to which thev have been respect-
ively elected when authorized so to do by acts of
Congress or by the order of the General commanding,
and shall continue in office till theregular succession
provided for after the year 1808 and until successors
are elected and qualified, so that said officers shall
each of them hold their offices as though they were
elected on the Tuesday after the, first Monday in
November, 1868, or elected or appointed by the Gen-
eral Assembly next thereafter; and the rules for con-
ducting and making the returns thereof shall bo the
same as shall be prescribed by the commanding gen-
eral for the elections and returns on the ratification
of the constitution. But this ordinance shall not
apply to thejusticesofthepeace.whoshall be elected
at such time as shall be provided for by the first
General Assembly, until otherwise provided by law.
Upon any voter being challenged he shall take the
following oath:
"You do solemnly swear (or affirm) that you have
been duly registered agreeably to the acts of Con-
gress; that you have not prevented or attempted to
prevent any person from voting at this election; that
if the constitution upon which the vote is now being
taken is ratified you will truly and faithfully sup-
port it. So help you God."
Adopted March 10,1868.
Mr. SCHENOK. The gentleman has had
tliat ordinance read in reply to my question;
and I now ask whether it was the interpreta-
tion of that ordinance that the members elected
for the Fortieth Congress should lap over and
take seats also in the Forty-First Congress?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is precisely the
case which often occurs where a man is elected
to fill a vacancy and also for the succeeding
Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman
whether they were elected for more than one
Congress; or whether having been elected to
the Foitietli Congress, which was in session at
the time, they are to lap over and take seats in
the Forty-First Congress? Were they elected
for the Fortieth Congress, and are they to take
their seats in this Congress under that election ?
Mr. JENCKES. A little attention to the
chronology of this matter would have relieved
my friend from Ohio from all of his doubts.
The presentgovernmentof Georgia was organ*
ized under the enabling acts of Congress. A
convention was held and a constitution framed.
An ordinance was passed by that convention
on the 10th day of last March providing for an
election to commence on the 20th of April
following. At that time the people of Georgia
were under a military government authorized
and created by the reconstruction acts. There
were then no civil officers of the State of Geor-
gia to conduct these elections. They were all
conducted under authority of the general in
command of that district. General Meade. Con-
sequently the ballots cast at that election begin-
ning on the 20th of April were received by offi-
cers appointed by him, and the returns in the
first instance were made to him, bccause it was
his duty to declare who were elceted to the State
offices as well as who were elected to the Con-
gress of the United States. In pursuance of
the duty with which he was charged he caused
the returns to he counted for members of the.
Fortieth Congress and gave certificates of
election to those who received the majority of
votes. The members from Georgia who sat in
41st Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 2.
the Fortieth Congress were admitted on cer-
tificates given to them by General Meade, on
his ascertainment of who were elected at this
first election. Whether the decision of Con-
gress was right or not, it is now a thing of the
past.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether General Meade issued that certificate?
Mr. JENCKES. I am coming to that. But
the certificates now presented are those of the
Governor and. secretary of the State of Geor-
gia, the highest civil officers under the consti-
tution of Georgia, which constitution was rati-
fied at the election held on the 20th of April,
at which time these officers were also elected.
They, acting under the constitution and laws
of Georgia, which have received the sanction
of the general in command, of the President
of the United States by proclamation, and of
the Congress of the United States by the ad-
mission of the members, have caused these
returns to be counted and have given certifi-
cates of the election of these gentlemen to Con-
gress according to the laws of Georgia. The
only omission upon the face of the certificate is
the word " Forty-First " before Congress. But
the certificate is so framed that taken in con-
nection with the ordinance which is referred
to in it and made a part of it, its construc-
tion excludes entirely the idea that those gen-
tlemen have been elected to any other Con-
gress than the Forty-First. The Clerk was tech-
nically right in not placing the names on the
roll onaecount of that omission. Hedid as he
was required to do by law. But the House is
not bound by that technicality. In the body
of the certificate reference will be found to
the ordinance and the declaration that the per-
sons have been elected to Congress in pur-
suance of the provisions of the laws of Geor-
gia ; and in the ordinance itself are found two
clauses which I will read. The language of
the ordinance, members will bear in mind,
includes State officers as well as members of
Congress. Hence there are some words and
phrases used m the ordinance which are appli-
cable to State officers and are not applicable
to members of Congress. The rule of con-
struction would be to exclude tho^e phrases
entirely when considering the subject of the
election of members of Congress :
"So that said officers shall each of them hold their
offices as if' they were elected on the Tuesday after
the first Monday of November, 1863.
That applies to Representatives to Congress;
so that these persons elected 011 the 20th of April,
18US, can hold their offices precisely as the great
majority of the members of this House hold
theirs who were elected on the Tuesday after
the first Monday of November, 1868, or the
day of the presidential election. And the other
clause preceding this excludes the idea that
these persons could have been elected to the
Forty-Second Congress or could have been
considered as elected to the Fortieth Congress:
"And they shall oontiauo in office till the regular
succession provided for after the year 1868."
The regular succession of members of Con-
gress provided for after that year means those
who shall be elected in 1870; and it was for
this reason, I understand, that the Legislature
of Georgia conceived the act authorizing the
election of members of Congress unnecessary
till that time.
Nor can the language apply or the certifi-
cates apply in any sense to the Fortieth Con-
gress, because those certificates were dated
before this civil government was organized.
They were in terms applicable to the existing
Congress, and as matter of fact they were re-
ceived by this House of Representatives and
the members sworn in on the 2oth day ot July
last; and one of these certificates, which 1 hold
in mv hand, bears date the 24th of Novem-
ber last, and is applicable solely to the Congress
now existing.
Mr. JUDD. Without reference to the posi-
tion in which Georgia now stands under the
reconstruction laws and without debating for
one moment her right to a representation upon
this floor it seems to me the strongest case is
presented by the papers the gentlemanhas just
referred to that has ever been presented to Con-
gress to entitle gentlemen to seats on the floor
of this House. The certificate that the gent le-
man has presented showing the authority for
these members to take their places here re-
quires an argument to demonstrate that it is
a certificate for any such purpose. If I under-
stand the reading of it, if you place the right
to the seat upon the ordinance of the conven-
tion, then that convention provided for the
election of member? of Congress who should
hold office for a longer term than two years,
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman mistakes
the language of the ordinance.
Mr. JUDD. Please read it and Iwillseeif
I am mistaken.
Mr. JEN CUES. That portion of it applica-
ble to the persona now here I did recite. It
says they should each of them hold their offices
as though they were elected on the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, which is
for the present Congress, and which has no
reference whatever to the election under the
authority of General Meade.
Mr. JUDD. The ordinance, as the gentle-
man has read it, provided for an election of
members of Congress. That election occurred
in March or April, 18G8. The ordinance pro-
vided that the Representatives in Congress
then elected should hold office not only dur-
ing the term of the then Congress, the For-
tieth, but that they should hold office until the
election that occurred after November, 1868,
which would be the election of 1870.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman entirely
misstates the ordinance and my construction
of it.
Mr. JUDD. Say mistakes.
Mr. JENCKES. Well, mistakes. I do not
of course mean to say that he misstates it in-
tentionally. The embarrassment in the case
is this: that persons have been admitted to
seats in the Fortieth Congress from Georgia,
and they are the same persons who are now
claiming seats in the Forty-First, Congress.
But the election authorized by the convention
or by the constitution and laws of Georgia was
applicable only to the Forty-First Congress.
If any mistake has been made it has been
made by the general commanding, who de-
clared that at the election held in April last
certain persons were elected members of the
Fortieth Congress. But there is nothing in
the constitution and laws of Georgia or in this
ordinance which has any reference to the For-
tieth Congress at all.
Mr. J UDD. I ask my friend whether there
was, as a matter of fact, but one election?
Mr. JENCKES. I understand there was
only one, but I do not understand that the
election was carried on by the same officers
or that the same returns were required.
Mr. JUDD. Do the returns show that?
Mr. JENCKES. The certificates we have
show that one return was made to the com-
manding general, which he accepted and
adopted, for the Fortieth Congress, and (.he
other return was made through the regular
channels under the laws of Georgia to the Gov-
ernor and secretary of the State, and the result
is declared by them in the paper which 1 hold
in my hand.
Mr. JUDD. I have listened to my friend
from Rhode Island for the purpose of trying to
be accurate in regard to the facts. The House
will see how difficult it is to understand from
a single reading at the desk a series of papers
such as this ordinance, together with the two
certificates that accompany it. But taking the
papers altogether the fact is apparent that these
gentlemen who claimed and held seats in the
fortieth Congress under the election of April,
1808, now claim seats under the same ordinance
and the same election in the Forty-First Con-
gress. Then, my position in regard to it is
that that ordinance aud that election elected
members for a longer term than for two years.
Now. it does not change the state of the facts,
as I understand them, that the commanding
general should have given certificates for the
