1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
Clerk of tlie House, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast .183
Mr. McPherson received 128
Mr. Carrigan 55
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. McPherhvn—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Ann.--trong, Arnell. Asper, Bailey, Banks, Bearnan,
Beatty. Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Bowen,
Boyd, Buttinton, Burdett, lloderickll Butler, Cake,,
Cessna,. Chuiehill, Clarke. Amasa, Cobb, Clinton tj.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cuilom. Davis,
Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Doclcery, Donley,
Duval. Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fmkeln-
buig. Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, tiilfillan, Hale, Haw-
kins. Ilaivley, Hay, Ileaton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Hopkins, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones,
J udd, Julian, Kelley, Kolsey, Ketoham, Lafiin, Lash,
Lawrence, Logan,Loughridge,Lynch,Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McUrary, Mctirew. Mercur, Eliakim II.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Moriill, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer,Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Po-
land, Pomoroy,Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, vSchcnck, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland,
Ta.it", Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Yan Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whitte-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John X. Wil-
son, Winans, and Witcher.
/''or Air. Carrigan.—Messrs, Adams, Axtell. Beck,
Biggs. Bird, Brooks, Burr, Cleveland, Crebs, Dickin-
son, Eldridge, Fox, detz, (iolladay, Greene, Griswold,
Haight, Ilaldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hoag, Hoi-
inan. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McCormiek, McNeely, Moffet, Mor-
riasey, Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Randatl, lteadiug,
Reeves, llice, Slocuin, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
S trader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward.
During the vote,
Mr. ELDRIDGE, when his name was called,
said : I vote for Charles W. Carrigan, of Phil-
adelphia, who will never arrogate to himself
more power than the House of Representatives.
[Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER then announced that Edward
MePherson, of Pennsylvania, having received
a majority of all the votes cast, was duly elected
Clerk of the House of Representatives for the
Forty-First Congress.
Hon. Edward McPherson, of Pennsj'lvania,
the Clerk-elect, then appeared, and qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. The point I wish to make 1 do not
know how to get before the House unless I
make it at this time. I desire to call the
attention of the Chair to the provision of the
law prescribing the oath of office, and I will
ask the Clerk to read the portion which I have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Which said oath so taken and signed shall be
preserved among the files of the court or department
to which said office may appertain."
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point_ with a
view to having the oath reduced to writing and
signed by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. Such has been the prac-
tice, and it shall be done in this instance.
Mr. SCHENCK. That has always^ been
done, and gentlemen, Ihave no doubt, will find
a form on their desk to-morrow morning ready
for them to sign.
adjournment till tuesday.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That when the House adjourns to-day it
stand adjourned till Tuesday next.
Air. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker-
Mr. LOGAN. Does not. an adjournment
over for that length of time require a concur-
rent resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is com-
petent for one House to adjourn from Thurs-
day till Monday or from Friday till Tuesday.
The question being put on the resolution,
tbeie were—ayes 81, noes 03.
Mr. LYNCH. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Lynch and Stxi.es.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know it is not in order
to ,-speak upon this question, but 1 have been
trying to get the floor to make an arrange-
ment 
The SPEAKER. Of course it is not in
order ; and the Chair has refused to recognize
the gentleman.
>lr. BINGHAM. I rise to inquire if it is
not competent for the gentleman trom Penn-
sylvania to withdraw his resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Entirely so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to him to with-
draw it, so that the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means may introduce a concur-
rent resolution to adjourn over for one week.
Several Members. Oh no.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and one.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw the call.
So the resolution was agreed to.
mode of electinu officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 desire to make a mo-
tion in reference to the election of officers. I
ask unanimous consent that in electing the
remaining officers, after the nominations are
made the Chair be authorized to call upon all
who vote to rise and stand until counted. In
that way the vote can be taken in two or three
minutes, and everybody will have his rights.
Several Members. "That is right." "No
objection."
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio? The
Chair hears none.
SEROEANT-AT-AHMS.
Mr. WARD. I nominate N. G. Ordway, of
New Hampshire, for Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. MUNGEN. I nominate Owen Thorn,
of the District of Columbia.
The vote was taken by members rising in
their places and being counted by the Speaker
in pursuance of the order of the House. The
first vote was lor Mr. Ordway, and there were
121 counted by the Chair. The next vote was
lor Mr. Thorn, and there were 53 votes counted
by the Chair. The Speaker then announced
the result, as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 174; necessary
to a choice, 88 ; of which—
Mr. Ordway received 121
mr. Tliorn  5"
Whereupon Mr. Ordway was declared duly
elected Sergeant-at-Arms for the Forty-First
Congress.
Mr. BURR. The understanding was that
we would have a record made out by the Clerk
showing the vote of each member on each side
of the House without actually calling tho roll.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could hardly
entertain a proposition of that kind.
Mr. ORTH. That could not be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could notknow
what gentlemen answered to their names when
no names were called.
doorkeeper.
Mr. KELSEY. I nominate Otis S. Buxton,
of New York, for Doorkeeper.
Mr. McNEELY. I nominate David A.
Waggoner, of Illinois.
The vote was taken as in the preceding case,
with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 179; necessary
to a choice, 90 ; of which—
Mr. Buxton received  124
Mr. Waggoner  55
Whereupon Mr. Buxton was declared duly
elected Doorkeeper for the Forty-First Con-
gress.
postmaster.
Mr. ROOTS. I nominate William S. King,
of Minnesota, for Postmaster'-^
Mr. FOX. I nominate William Miner, of
New York.
The vote was taken as in the two piecedmg
cases with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 170; necessary
to a choice, 89 ; of which—
Mr. King received   1^)
Mr. Miner  50
Whereupon Mr. King was declared duly
elected Postmaster of the House of Represent-
ati\es fur the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. BURR. Are we to understand by that
that our man was beaten? [Laughter.]
chaplain.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the election of
Chaplain be postponed till Tuesday next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope not. I hope this
House will not be left without grace during
that period of time. It is very important that
we should have the prayers of somebody, and
I think we ought to have the prayers of our
late Chaplain, who has always prayed for his
party.. Its great success must have depended
upon liis prayers.
Mr. SHANKS. I am glad the gentleman
feels the necessity.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot vote for him.
I nominated Parson Brownlowin the last Con-
gress and no one voted for him, and 1 had the
mortification of withdrawing his name without
a single vote having been cast for him.
Mr. JUDD. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
officers sworn in.
The oath of office was then administered by
the Speaker to Mr. Ordway, the Sergeant-at-
Arms-elect, Mr. Buxton, the Doorkeeper-elect,
and Mr. King, the Postmaster-elect.
daily hour of meeting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that until other-
wise ordered the daily hour of meeting shall
be twelve o'clock m.
The SPEAKER. It would be so under the
rules of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the rules do not
provide for the hour of meeting.
The SPEAKER. To avoid misconstruction
the Chair will put the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
election contest shields vs. van horn.
Mr. McCORMICK presented papers in the
contested-election case of Shields us. Van Horn,
from the sixth congressional district of Mis-
souri ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections when appointed.
rules op tiie house.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following res-
olution :
HesohcJ. Thai the rules of the House of the For-
tieth Congsress snail be the rules of this House until
otherwise ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The rale now offered to the House for
! the government of the Forty First Congress is
' the law of the House by the rules already estab
lislied.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly it is.
The SPEAKER. That is so, and yet a res-
olution of this kind has been usual at the be-
ginning of a Congress. It can do no harm to
have it adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have doubts about the
power of one House to bind a subsequent House,
I but we have undertaken to do it heretofore.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
adopted.
election contest van wyck vs. giseene.
Mr. KERR. I desire to offer a resolution
about which I think there will be no contro-
versy. It is simply granting an extension of
time to take testimony in the case of Van Wyck
vs. Greene.
The Clerk read the resolution as follows:
llesoheil, Thatthetimeforthetaliingof testimony
in the case of Chailes H. Yan Wyck, contesting the
right to the seat occupied by (leorge W. ureene in
tho House, from New York, be extended for the
period of sixty days alter Maieu 1/, 1869, for both
parties within the rules prescribed bylaw in
respects.
, Mr. WARD. I object.
i Mr KERR- I think if the gentleman will
[ hear a brief statement he will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. WARD.
No, sir; I inaibt upon it.
