THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
DRAWING FOR SKATS.
Mr.SCHENCK.
lutiou :
I offer the following reso-
Rcsolnzd, That the House do now proceed to draw
for seats of Members, as follows: the Clerk of the
House shall place in a box the name of each Mem-
ber and' Delegate of tlie House of Representatives,
written on apiece of paper; and then proceed in the
presence of the House to draw from said box, one at
a time, the said slips of paper, and as each is drawn
he shall announce the name of the Member or jDeie-
gate upon it, whosbail choose his seat for the present
Congress: Provided. That before said drawing shall
eommence the Speaker shall cause '-very seat to be
vacated, and stall see that every seat continues va-
cant- until it is selected under this order; and that
every seat, after having been selected, shall be
deemed vacant if left unoccupied before the calling
of the roll is finished.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman from
Ohio ealls for a vote on his resolution I ask
the unanimous consent of the House in behalf
of my colleague from the Essex district, [Mr.
Bctler,] who is necessarily absent to-day at-
tending the board of overseers of the Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers, that I may be permitted
to select a seat for him when his name is
drawn. I do this at the request of my colleague.
Mr. WOOI). I ask the same privilege for an
absent colleague of mine, now in Europe for
his health, Mr. Cox, one of the Representatives
from New York.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
_Mr. WOOD. Then I object to the request
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. PETERS. I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. WOOD. Then I withdraw my objection.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the same privilege
be extended to George W. Morgan, of Ohio,
who is absent from his seat in consequence of i
illness. '
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the request made in the cases of the three gentle-
men named ?
Mr. WH1TTEMORE. I object, unless 
The SPEAKER,. Objection being made,
the request is not granted. The question is
upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the reso-
lution so that the drawing for seats shall take
place on Tuesday nest and these gentlemen
can be here.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Dawes ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 52, noes 98.
Before the result of tlie vote was announced,
Mr. VAN TRUMP called for tellers.
Tir. question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were seven in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly not agreed
to.
The question recurred upon the resolution.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to suggest that every
member who is absent shall have his seat
selected for him, when his name is called, by
some one of his colleagues.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
an amendment to that effect?
Mr. LYNCH. I do.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Lynch: and it was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
In accordance with the resolution just adopt-
ed, the Members and Delegates retired beyond
the outer row of seats, and as their names were
drawn and called came forward and selected
their seats.
When the name of Mr. Emir B. Washbvrxe
was called.
Mr. WARD said : I ask that some one be
allowed to select a seat for Mr. Washburn e.
Mr. PE1ERS. lobject: he has had a higher
seat selected for him. [Laughter.]
When the name of Thomas Bolus was called,
Mr. ROOTS said: I ask that I may be al-
lowed to select a seat for my colleague. [Cries
of "Order!"] He was here until about an
hour ago, when he was called away by inform-
ation of the death of a child.
Objection was made by several members,
the last remark of Mr. Roots evidently not
being understood.
The drawing of seats having been concluded,
election contest barnes vs. adams.
TheSPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers in the contested-elec-
tion case of S. M. Barnes vs. George M. Adams,
from the eighth congressional district of Ken-
tucky; which were ordered to be referred to
the Committee of Elections when appointed.
election contest reed vs. julian.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of John
S. Reed vs. George W. Julian, from the fourth
congressional district of Indiana ; which were
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Elections when appointed.
election contest zeioler vs. rice.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of John
T. Zeigler vs. John M. Rice, from the ninth
congressional district ofKentucky; which were
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Elections when appointed.
election contest taylor vs. reading.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in tlie contested-election case of Caleb
• N. Taylor vs. John R. Reading, from the fifth
| congressional district of Pennsylvania ; which
| were ordered to be referred to the Committee
> of Elections when appointed.
| election contest boyden vs. siiobeu.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Na-
thaniel Boyden j;s. Francis E. Shober, from
the sixth congressional district of North Car-
olina ; which were ordered to be referred to the
Committee of Elections when appointed.
election contest iioqe vs. reed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of Hoge
vs. Reed, from the State of Soutli Carolina;
which were ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections when appointed.
georgia members.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the cases of persons claiming seats
from the State of Georgia ; which were ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Elections
when appointed.
election contest bei.den vs. bashkord.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of D. D.
Belden A. A. Bashford, from the Territory
of Colorado; which were ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections when
appointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House, pursuant to previous order, adjourned
till Tuesday next.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
_ By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of A.
Stringer, private, &c., for arrears of pay and
remuneration for money actually expended for
United States Government while in the service, i
IN SENATE.
Satcp-day, March 0, 1869.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Richard Yates, of Illinois, appeared
in his seat to-day.
notification to president.
Mr. CAMERON. On behalf of the joint
committee of the two Houses appointed to
wait on the President of the United States, I
have to report that the committee performed
their duty by calling upon the President of the
United States, and received for answer that the
President had no communication to make to
Congress at present.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
petition of John E. George, of Texas, praying
to be relieved from political disabilities; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. YATES presented the memorial of the
executive committee of the United States In-
dian commission, praying the rejection of the
Osage Indian treaty; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of D. F.
McFarland, praying for the passage of a bill to
charter the Santa F6 University; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Barbara
Turpin, praying to be allowed a pension j which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented three petitions of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, praying for sueh an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will recognize the obligations of the
Christian religion ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Joseph
P. Kavanaugh, praying to be relieved from
political disabilities; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
Charles F. Hopkins, of Florida, praying to be
relieved from political disabilities; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of William
H. Garris, of North Carolina, praying the
removal of political disabilities; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Alexander Montgomery, major and quarter-
master United State? Army, relative to the
appointment of junior officers to vacancies over
him ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Junius A.
Coleman, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
from political disabilities: which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of J. A. Wal-
lace; the petition of A. D. Lockett; the peti-
tion of G. H. Sout'nac; and the petition of
Peter B. Crowder, all of Virginia, praying to
be relieved from political disabilities ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Mississippi, praying the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities of W. G. Vaughan ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented petitions of citi-
zens of the States of New York. Pennsylvania,
and Michigan, praying that in any amendment
of the Constitution of the United States to
extend or regulate suffrage no distinction be
made between men and women; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
bills introduced.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 23) for the further security of equal rights
in the District of Columbia ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. That bill has already twice
passed both Houses of Congress, but has failed
to receive the signature of the late President.
I therefore hope that the Senate without any
further delay will act upon it at once. I move
that the Senate proceed with its consideration
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to considering this bill at the pres-
ent time?
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator from
Maryland object,?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
24) for the reorganization of the Navy of the
United States; which was read twics by its
