1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask indulgence of the
Senate for a moment to present a bill which
passed the SenaLe^ast week and was lost in the
other House by the immediate adjournment.
It is a bill to allow the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company to bring its road into the
cily of Washington. The bill was entirely
acceptable to both Houses, and it is necessary
that it should be passed immediately, because
in coming into the city of Washington the com-
pany will have to make a tunnel which will
require nearly a year for its completion. I
therefore ask the indulgence of the Senate that
the bill be put on its passage immediately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it exactly the same bill
that was passed by the Senate at the last ses-
sion?
Mr. CAMERON. Exactly the same.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 25) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia,"
approved February 5, 1867; and it was read
twice and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company, which, by the act
of Congress entitled "An act to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia," was
authorized to extend into and construct within
the District of Columbia the lateral branch of
its road in that act of Congress mentioned, may
enter the 'city of Washington with their said
railroad and construct the same within the
limits of the city-on and by whichever one of
the three routes herein designated the com-
pany may elect and determine upon, namely:
First, beginning at the intersection of Mary-
land avenue and Boundary street; thence north-
westwardly along Boundary street to West
Seventh street.
Second, beginning at the intersection of
Boundary street and North Carolina avenue;
thence southwestwardly along North Carolina
avenue to South D street; thence along South
D street westwardly to Virginia avenue; thence
along Virginia avenue northwestwardly to the
intersection of South C street and West Ninth
street; or,
Third, beginning at some point on the north-
ern shore of the Eastern Braneh of the Poto-
mac river between South L and SouthM streets;
thence westwardly between those streets to the
intersection of Virginia avenue with South L
and East Twelfth streets; thence along^Virgioia
avenue northwestwardly to South K stieet;
thence along South I£ street westwardly to
South Fourth street; thence, by a line curving to
the right, to the north bank of the canal ; and
thence along the bank of the canal northwest-
wardly to Virginia avenue; thence along Vir-
ginia avenue northwestwardly to the intersec-
tion Of South C and West Ninth streets. In all
cases where the parties owning land or other
property required by the company cannot agree
with the company on the amount of damage
claimed either for the land or materials in the
construction of its road, and a condemnation
and valuation shall have been made as provided
in the act approved February 5, 1867, either
party may appeal to the supreme court of the
District of Columbia within thirty days from
the rendition of the verdict of the jury ; and in
all cases where the company shall take an
appeal they shall give bond to the party or
parties claiming and entitled to damages in a
penalty at least double the sum found by the
jury, with a condition that the company shall
pay or cause to be paid such amount of dam-
ages and costs as the party may be entitled to
receive on the judgment of the supreme court,
without delav, and on which bond ample and
sufficient sureties shall be given, to be approved
by the supreme court; and in all cases where
the parly or parties claimant shall appeal, it shall
be lawful for the company, if it shall require
the immediate use of the property condemned
and valued before an appeal can be heard and
decided, to execute and tender a bond to the
party in at least double the sum found by
the jury, with sureties to be approved by the
supreme court, and with a condition to pay
without delay such sum and costs as may be
awarded by the court without further delay ;
and upon the delivery or tender of such bond
the company may proceed to the construction
of their road as if the parties claimant and the
company had agreed upon the compensation to
be paid for the preperty to be used ; and in all
cases where the company shall appeal and give
bond they may have the power to proceed in
the construction of the road and appropriation
of the property for the uses thereof as if no
appeal had been taken and the parties had
agreed upon compensation for the property re-
quired. In all eases where the company and
parties agree upon the price to be paid for land
and materials the same shall be paid before
the property shall be taken and used.
The Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany and any other party or parties interested,
and who may consider themselves aggrieved
by the verdict of the jury, are to have the right
to appeal to the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, which shall have jurisdiction of
all such cases, and shall hear and determine
the same, after notice to all parties, without
the intervention of a jury, and the judgment
of the court is to be final.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous ;
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2G) to further define and amend an act for
the punishment of crimes against the United
States ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to be printed and lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 27) to provide for the improvement of the
river, bay, and harbor of Mobile, in the State
of Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 28) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to
Columbus, Nebraska; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to be printed and lie
ou the table.
Mr. THAYER also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 29) to extend the provisions of
an act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the swamp lands within
their limits to the State of Nebraska: which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. THAYER. I now move to take up
the resolution I introduced yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order for
the introduction of bills has not yet been com-
pleted. Bills and joint resolutions are still in
order.
Mr. HAItLAN asked. and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. o(>) in relation to treaties with Indian
tribes : which was read twice by its title.
' Mr. HARLAN. I ask that, the bill be read
| through.
I The Secretary read as follows :
I Be it enacted, &<■„, That, from and after the passage
] of this act the Indian tribes in t.ie States and lem-
i tories of the United States shall be held to be inea-
1 pable of making treaties with thelinueabtateo, and
1 no such treaty shall hereafter be made.
Sec. 2. And bp it further enacted, lhat no conven-
tion, agreement, or contract between the United
States and any Indian tribe made, entered into, or
ratified after the passage and approval ot this, aut
, authorizing or providing for the payment of money
1 from the Treasury of the United btates, or the sale
. or other disposition of the pubhe land? or Indian
i reservations in whole or m part, w.iether heid in
I severalty or in common, shall have force and eject,
' either in law or equity, or be entorced bj any ouioer
I of the United States, or of any Stale or inrruory,
i unless the enforcement thereof shall Leauuioiizeu
: by an act ut' Congress passed and approved suo:-e -
■ quent to its date.
The bill was ordered to lie 011 the table "and
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 31) to amend and consolidate the
several acts establishing and relating to the
Metropolitan police of the DistrictofCoIurobia;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON askud, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 33) to repeal a part of the eighth section
oftheactto establish theTreasury Department,
approved September 2, 1789; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask that the bill be
read through. It ought to be acted upon
immediately.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &e.. That so much of the eighth sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to establish the
Treasury Department,'' approved September 2,1 "789,
as provides that *'oo peivon appointed to any office
instituted by this act shall directly or indirectly bo
concerned or interested in carrying on the business
of trade or commerce," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill ought to be passed
upon, but I desire to offer as amendment. I
hope it will be considered now and acted upon.
Mr. SITMNiGR. I think that it ought not to
be acted upon so hastily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massaeltnsetts object?
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator will
. have no objection to the amendment I wish to
' offer. I propose to withdraw that limitation so
far as applies to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think it
ought to be repealed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no reason
for a limitation of the kind so far as applies to
that particular office, but tlieie is so far as
applies to eusloin-liouse officers.
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather see the sub-
ject carefully considered by a committee befora
being adopted by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I more that
it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no Com-
mittee on Finance at present. The bill will lie
on the table.
Mr. SPRA6UE. I desire to state to the
n Senator from Ohio that in considering this
measure provision should be made that claims
; growing out of any connection of any private
person who may hereafter become an officer, and
. which would naturally go before that officer,
■ should be adjusted by some other person. That
ij is important in view of claims that may now be
j; before the Treasury Department, tor instance,
l| if the Secretary ot the Treasury has had in his
'! bus.ness connections controverted _cases of
i< claims against the Government growing out of
that business those should be provided to be
;i determined by other than the person who is to
occupv that post.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill isnot be-
fore the Senate, having been laid on the table.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further bills or joint resolutions to be intro-
duced, that order of business is closed, and
the next business in order is the presentation
of resolutions. Resolutions are m order.
Mr. THAYER. If there be 110 resolutions
to be offered I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution offered
yesterday relating to Indian affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
proposed to be taken up will be.read.
The Secretary read the iollowing concurrent
resolution submittedyesterday by Mr. HaRI-ajt:
Boohed bV the Sciytc of the United SMe*. (|he
House of Representative* concurring,J ihat a joint
standing committee, to consist of^tliree mombmsot
t the Senate and five menibers of.the House ot Xtep
retenlatives, be appointed to consider all piopositions
i! relating to the Indian tribes.
i! The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
•; objection the resolution will be considered as
li before the Senate.
