"• 1
1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28
as all other public lands are dealth with, and
that these Indians should be taken care of as
the wards of the nation. I irust that that view
of the case will be considered and will be ex-
amined into earnestly and attentively by those
in this Seriate who have charge of this matter.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, if the
change of the rule will act as an instruction to
the President, as the Senator from New York
intimates, it will remove the objection which I
made to it. But it occurred to me whether the
President would be at all controlled or gov-
erned by any rule prescribed by the Senate
for the consideration of executive business.
Our rules are binding upon us, but they are
not binding upon the President. He is a "law
unto himself" in this matter, and I submit
that if he will send a communication here and
mark it "legislative," or fail to mark it "con-
fidential," we have the right then to consider
it in any light we choose ; but if lie continues
to mark them in the future as all Presidents
have done in the past, we cannot consider them
otherwise than as confidential. That is the
point I make ; but if by changing the rule the
President will also change his form of sending
the communications here, I have not the least
objection.
The objection which I make is not to con-
sidering Indian treaties iu legislative session,
but that this is an effort to control the manner
in which the President shall send them iu to
us. He may have reasons for marking them
" confidential."
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
that he neverdoes mark such communications
"confidential," but invariably marks them
" executive."
Mr. POMEROY. The package is on the
outside marked "executive," but when the
Secretary of the Interior sends them to the
President to be transmitted to the Senate he
marks them "confidential."
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what the Sec-
retary of the Interior does. The Senator was
talking of what the President does. He does
not mark them "confidential," but marks them
on the envelope "executive." If he desires
to '.•all the attention of the Senate to any legis-
lative business of a confidential character lie
marks that "confidential."
Mr. POMEROY. All executive messages
are on the .packages marked "executive,"
whether they relate to nominations, whether
they relate to treaties with foreign countries,
or whether they relate to treaties with Indian
tribes. They are all marked "executive,"
and those communications on the inside are
marked "confidential."
I judge from a bill which the Senator from
Iowa had read at length this morning that it
is the purpose of the Senate to have no more
Indian treaties ; that our arrangements with
the Indian shall be by laws ; that our dealings
with the Indian tribes shall be by acts of Con-
gress rather than treaties. I apprehend my-
self that that may be the policy of the Goverfi-
ment in the future, and possibly a very wise
policy. I do not know how persons who are
mere wards of the Government are in any ca-
pacity to make a treaty. Parties to a treaty
must be on an equality m regard to their inde-
pendence. It is a farce to make a treaty if
you make it with your child or your ward ; they
aie not parties who sustain such relations to
each other that they can treat. 1 apprehend,
from the Senator's desiring to have that bill
read at length, that it is a notice to us that the
Committee on Indian Affairs will treat the
subject in that way. If that shall be our
policy—and I confess that I am inclined to
tavor it—the change of this rule will not hurt.
At any rate I shall not make opposition to it.
1 only call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that if the President marks these treaties
" confidential" I apprehend we shall have no
light to treat them otherwise.
".Mr. STEWART. I hope this resolution
will pass. I think it will be very beneficial in
irs operation. I have felt the embarrassment
of considering trealSes in executive session
without the information that might be obtained
by a public discussion and information from
the outside as to the facts. There is no reason
why there should be any secrecy about our
treatment of the Indians. Everything we do,
on the contrary, should be public, so that it
can be discussed by the'community and inform-
ation be conveyed to Congress in regard to the
facts in each particular case. *
Many of the Indian treaties that have been
made should never have been made, and never
would have been made if the Senate had been
informed of the facts. It seems to me a great
abuse to treat with a few Indians that are not
really deserving to be called though technically
styled a tribe, wandering Indians without any
tribal organization of such a character that the
acts of the chiefs will bind the others, and to
promise to pay them large annuities, placing
obligations upon the Government to last for
years without any corresponding or reciprocal
obligation on their part which they recognize.
If such a treaty was public and discussed
publicly the facts would inevitably come out so
as to inform the Senate. We by this secrecy
deny ourselves the necessary information. I
can conceive why there may be possibly some
reason, but I do not think it well founded, for
having confidential relations with foreign na-
tions. I do not believe that as we arc situated
there is any particular value in the secret con-
sideration of the relations with foreign nations.
It is well in Europe, where the different Gov-
ernments arc attempting to live and exist by
swindling and cheating each other, and diplo-
macy is carried to a very great extent. It is
one of the relics of kingcraft. The policy of the
United States, even in regard to foreign na-
tionssbouldbe a bold, frank, honest, and manly
one. There is no reason why the world should
not know what the United Slates is willing to
do upon great public questions involving its
ielations with foreign Powers. We are not so
complicated, we are not so situated as to re-
quire secrecy. I believe in that regard more
publicity would be beneficial; but I am quite
certain that there is no danger to be appre-
hended of offending the dignity of some of
those wandering tribes of Indians by considering
publicly negotiations that are had with them.
In fact I doubt very much whether we should
ever make any more treaties except with a few
of the more civilized Indians with whom we
have treaties and such relations that it might
not be just to break them off. But I think the
policy of extending our treaty system among
the wild Indians is a mistake, and the ques-
tions growing out of it are such questions that
they should be discussed in public, so that we
may get all the light on the subject that seems
important.
1 doubt very much whether we should treat
the public lands of the U nited States as belong-
ing to these wandering tribes of Indians. I
think there ia a great deal in the suggestion of
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spp.agce.]
I believe that an open discussion of this ques-
tion will tend to throw light on the whole sub-
ject and be more likely to secure a full attend-
ance of the Senate in considering them, will
call more special attention to them ; and I am
decidedly in favor of the resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
change of the rule. I think, on the whole, it
would be advantageous for reasons that have
been suggested; but I believe, as I have noti-
fied the Senate by a bill introduced this morn-
ing, that no treaties as such should be nego-
tiated hereafter with the tribes of Indians to
which allusion has been made. But neverthe-
less it will be politic to make contracts with
them; we shall be compelled to negotiate with
them. From the difficulty of their condition,
whether we desire them to^ remain as inde-
pendent tribes or not, they will in fact continue
so. They have the capacity to live a nomadic
life. It will be impossible for the United
States for a sferies of years to compel them to
adopt the habits of civilized life. "SV e cannot
deal with them as individuals; we shaU be
compelled to deal with tribes in their tribal
capacity. But I have no doubt that vast mis-
apprehensions will be corrected by considering
these contracts not only in open sessiou of the
Senate, but in open session of both branches
of Congress.
The Senator from Nevada thinks that we
ought not to recognize ownership in the Indian
tribes of public lands. That never has been
so; the title to the public lands has always
been regarded as in the United States. We
have, however, negotiated with Indians to abro-
gate their claim to the use of the public lands
which they occupy, and have found it wise to
pay them a consideratioa for the abandonment
of portions of the public domain which no
longer seemed to be necessary for their use;
and this will have to be done in the future in
relation to a large proportion of the public
domain. The condition of many of the Indian
tribes, however, has been changed. A very
large proportion of them are now living on
reservations to which they have acquired a title
from the United States different from their
original prescriptive right, which they derived
from nature or from God, and these rights
which they have thus acquired from the United
States under law or under previous treaties
which we have ratified by the action of the
Government will have to be extinguished or
changed, if at all, by a contract with these
tribes in their tribal capacity. But when this
shall be done it does seem to me it ought to be
done with the concurrence of both branches of
Congress, more especially when wc undertake
to appropriate large sums of money from the
Treasury and to transfer from these Indian tribes
the title to large portions of their landed estates.
It seems to me that the whole evil will only be
corrected when we treat with the Indian tribes
under laws to be enacted by both branches of
Congress; but until such a law shall have^ been
adopted changing the character of our inter-
course with the Indian tribes it can do no harm
to consider treaties with them in open session
in order that the whole country may know the
reason for the ratification of each treaty.
Mr. STEWART. I was aware of the dis-
tinction that the Government made with regard
to the possessory rights of the Indians and the
theory of the Government that the legal title
remained in the United States. I suppose that
the philosophy of that theory is based upon
the feet that the country was not appropriated
by the Indians originally ; that they did not
cultivate it; they did not make the use of it
that civilization demanded. So it is in the
western country now. There may besomeargu-
ments of humanity made against it; but the
law of progress, the law ol civilization, has
demanded that the earth's surface should be
appropriated to civilized man. _ These Indian
treaties exclude large tracts of it from that ap-
propriation, and a question of that kind should
be fully discussed and fairly considered. I
believe that our efforts to keep up the tribal
condition of the Indians have prevented them
from being civilized : that sending them back
into the forests and driving them away from
civilization has tended to their extermination.
I believe that we can deal with them as indi-
viduals to a much greater extent than we have,
although not perhaps to the full extent; and
so far as we can deal with thern as individuals
they will tend to become civilized, and they
will not be at liberty to carry on wars as a
tribe. I like the suggestion of the Senator from
Iowa very much, that whatever agreements
we make with them should be considered as
contracts rather than treaties, and discussed
in both branches of Congress in open session.
Mr. POMEROY. I yielded to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from New York, thinking
it was entirely correct that we did not need to
change any of the other "rules. He having
examined the question I thought it was so ;
but on referring to the rules I see that there
are other rules that will have to be changed,
and I think it shows the impropriety ot chang-
ing the rule without some committee exam-
, in'ing it. This amendment proposed by the
i! Senator from Missouri is to the thirty-ninth
