24
the gommmmm globs.
March 6,
ml®, to insert the words " except with Indian
tribes." The thirty-eighth rule says:
'* When a treaty shall be laid before the Senatefor
ratification it shall bo road a first time, when 110
motion in respect to it shall be in order except to
refer it to a committee or to ju'int it in confidence
for the use ot the Senate."
That should be amended if this other amend-
ment is to prevail; but the chief reason why
there should also be an amendment to this
thirty-eighth rule v/ill be found in the subse-
quent part of the rule. If the Senator from
Missouri will refer to it he will see that it
prescribes the method by which we ratify trea-
ties, and it is entirely inconsistent with our
proceeding in open aud legislative session.
The rule proceeds to say :
"Its second reading shall be for consideration, and
shall be on a subsequent day, when it shall be taken
up as in Committee of the Whole and be considered
by articles, when amendments may be proposed;
but when amendments are reported by a committee
they shall be first acted on, after which other amend-
ments may beproposed, and when through the whole
proceedings had as in Committee of the Whole shall
be reported to the Senate, when tho ouestion shall
be, if the treaty be amended, ' Will the Senate con-
cur in the amendments made in Committee of the
Whole? ' and tho amendments may be taken sepa-
rately or insjrofe,astheSenatemay elect, afterwhieh
new amendments may be proposed. The decisions
thus made shall be reduced to the form of a resolu-
tion of ratification, with or without amendments, as
the ease may be, which shall be proposed on a sub-
sequentday, unless by unanimous consent the Senate
determine otherwise/' &c.
The Senate will bear in mind, if they take
any interest in this question, that under a
treaty an amendment to the resolution of rati-
fication cannot be considered on the'day the
treaty is ratified, but must be on a subsequent
day, unless the Senate by unanimous consent
order it otherwise. That should be changed
certainly if we change the rule in the other
respect.
Mr. DRAKE. The question that is pre-
sented by the resolution now before the Senate
is whether we shall hereafter consider trea-
ties with Indian tribes in open or secret ses-
sion. If we decide in favor of the resolution
as now presented those treaties will hereafter
be considered in open session, and it will be
very easy when we have decided that to offer
an amendment to the thirty-eighth role that
will take those treaties out of the operation of
that rule. The principle that is involved here
now is as to the open or secret deliberation
upon these treaties. If we decide upon open
deliberations, then a very slight modification
ot the thirty-eighth rule can be proposed. If
we decide against the consideration of the
treaties in open session, then the thirty-eighth
rule needs no modification whatever.
_Mr. POMEROY. The Senate will bear in
mind that if the President marks them "con-
fidential" the rule does not change it after
all. It is entirely in the way the President
marks them. If we change the rule as the
Senator suggests, and the President continues
to mark them " confidential," then under our
rules ws must consider them in secret session ;
so that the change of the rule does not change
the form unless the President shall change it
also.
Mr. DRAKE. I v/ill state, in reply to the
remarks of the Senator from Kansas with re-
gard to the President marking these treaties as
confidential, that it has been done heretofore
simply because the rules or the Senate required
them to be considered in secret session, and he,
conforming his action to the rules of the Sen-
ate, sent them in marked '• confidential." As
soon as he is apprised, as he should be, of this
change in the rule he will never mark one of
these treaties as ''confidential," unless there
be something in its character which makes it
proper that it should be considered in secret
rather than in open session, and then we can
act accordingly. I hope that the resolution
will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the resolution, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for a division.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be
reported again.
The Secretary read as follows :
Remlvni, That the thirty-mnlh rule of the Senate
be amended by inserting in the fourth line thereof,
after tho word " Senate," the words " except those
with Indian tribes."
Mr. SUMNER,. It seems to me that that
amendment does not fully reach the case. The
Senator from Kansas has already directed at-
tention to it in that light, and I am inclined to
agree with him. There are other clauses in
other rules which must be reached in order to
carry out completely the idea which that amend-
ment has in view. According to my judgment
it would be better to have a new rule, which I
would make as follows:
Treaties with Indian tribes shall be considered in
open session.
If there be such a rule as that it will be ex-
plicit, frank, and there will be no occasion for
any doubt with regard to its meaning. When-
ever an Indian treaty is received in this Cham-
ber it will be considered in open session,
whereas, according to the Senatar from Kan-
sas, an Indian treaty maybe received with the
mark upon it "confidential," which, accord-
ing to the usage of the Senate, would transfer
it to the executive session. I would suggest
therefore, if I could have the attention of the
committee that has reported this resolution,
that the amendment should be made more
complete by declaring, as I say, that "treaties
with Indian tribes shall be considered in open
session." Then I would procecd to expuuge
from the existing rules the phrases, one or two,
which seem to imply that the treaties are to
be considered confidentially or in executive
session. If that is doue the idea which Sen-
ators have will be practically carried out.
Without it. it seems to me, it will not be prac-
tically carried out.
Mr. POME HOY. If the Senator will add
a few words more and make his rule not only
that they shall be considered in open Senate,
but shall be proceeded with in the same man-
ner as bills and joiut resolutions, then I think
it would cover the whole subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think the sug- ]
gestion of the Senator from Massachusetts I
would be quite safe to adopt, making a posi- i
live and peremptory order that all treaties shall i
be considered and acted upon in open session, j
because we have no such rule as that as to ,
legislative business. Whenever we think the j
public interest requires private consultation it :
is within our power to order it on any ques- !
tion. Now, it would be a singular proposition
to find ourselves to be tied up when we were
considering a matter touching an Indian treaty
in open session and should reach a pointwhere
it was obvious to everybody, or almost every-
body, that we ought to consider it further in
secret, to be met by a positive rule that under
our method of procedure cannot be suspended
or set aside which would require us still to pro-
ceed in open session.
Then, as to what the Senator from Kansas
says, it would scarcely be a treaty in the con-
stitutional sense if we were to pass and agree
to it by a mere majority vote, because the Con-
stitution declares that we must have a two-
thirds vote to make any treaty binding upon
the nation ; and if the thing is a treaty, a con-
tract between two parties capable of contract-
ing, then such a rule would of course fly in the
face of the Constitution. As this subject, Mr.
President, is involved in such phraseological
difficulty, to say the least, and as I see by the
Globe that a committee has been appointed to
consider other amendments to the rules, I
move that this resolution be referred to that
special committee, who will report, I suppose,
very soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves the reference of the res-
olution -io the Committee on Rules.
Mr. DRAKE. I should have 110 objection
to the reference of thi3 resolution to the Com-
mittee on Rules if I couid in any way get an
expression of the sentiment of the Senate in
favor of the principle that is involved in the
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me I will say for otie, as I discover for
the first time this moment that I am a member
of that committee, that whatever view the com-
mittee may take of the propriety of it, they will
report it in such a form that, if the Senate thick
it ought to be done the phraseology shall be
framed to meet the point that my friend
desires.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection, then,
to the reference of the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Rules.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
fur-bearing animals ix alaska.
Mr. FERRY. During the closing days of
the last session the Senate passed a bill to pre-
vent the extermination of fur-bearing animals
in Alaska, which failed in the other House for
want of time. It is very desirable, in the first
place, that such a statute should be passed ;
and in the second place, as the trade com-
mences; I think, in June, it is desirable that
the bill, if passed at all, should be passed very
speedily. I propose to introduce the bill pre-
cisely as it passed the Senate, with the hope
that it may be reported from the committee
and passed early next week. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce (he
bill; which I move be laid on the table and
printed.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 32) to prevent the ex-
termination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska;
and it was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
printing op an amendment.
Mr. SAW YER submitted an amendment, in-
tended to be proposed by him to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 1) for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities; which was ordered to lie uo
the table and be printed.
committee on disabilities removals.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine on the
removal of disabilities be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the Senate, to whom shall be refeired .ill
matters relating to the removal of disabilities under
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution.
I ask for its immediate consideration.
Mr. FERRY. Let it lie over.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut objects.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I suppose it lies
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the following resolution
offered by the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Sawyer] yesterday, which lay over one
day under the rules :
Resolved by the Senate of the Vnited ''the
House of Representatives concurring) Tint a j.'mit
standing committee to con.-ist of three members of
the Senate and five members of the iloiiM.- ••{ Hi-].-
resentatives.be appointed to consider ioi nso;,na-
tions for the removal ot politicaldi«,il)il>s,e- imj....-,.d
by the fourteenth amendment to the CouKituiiou of
the Lmted States.
Mr. SAW1ER. My purpose in offering
that resolution is to find someway of avoiding
the difficulties which occur in the present mode
of treating this subject. Senators make rep-
resentations with regard to parties petitioning
to have their disabilities removed iiv.jur-ntly
of a different character from those winch are
made by members of the House. |mva
had an experience of this kind during tho late
session which Justifies us in supposing that
if we had a joint committee on the subject an
agreement might be come to without difiieukv,
and that a bill would not have to go frum one
end of the Capitol to the other so often. I
hope the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. FERRY. The resolution a* it read-;. I
think, would require not only individual
cations'for the removal of ukabilitU i,,' s„.
referred to this joint commit!e<>. but, would h!-.>
require any bill for a public act or a is-
olation to be referred to this special c.mmit-
tee. Now, I think that billa for public act* or
joiufc resolutions should go to their appcopnuto
