1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committee of the Senate. I should have no
objection to this resolution if the Senator from
South Carolina will so modify it as to have it
express what I suppose he intends and 110 more,
to wit, that applications of individuals for the
removal of political disabilities shall go to this
joint committee. Isuggest to the Senator that
that alteration be made.
Mr. POMEliOY.. 1 do not like to interfere
•with this matter at all. I only wish to make a
suggestion. It seemsto me that the two Houses
of Congress ought to be entirely independent
in their action. We have a joint Committee
on Printing, to prevent duplicate copies of the
same thing being printed by both Houses. 1
think that is well enough. Bui one Senator
wants a joint committee 011 all matters relating
to Indians so as to have nothing reported here
on that subject that does not meet the concur-
rence of both Houses. Another Senator wants
a joint committee onail matters relatingto the
removal of disabilities. The Senate do not
stand equal with the House when you come to
put them together 011 a joint committee. We
are independent bodies; one represents the
people and the other represents the States, and
I believe our action ought to be independent.
I think the committees of the Senate ought to
report the views of the Senate, and we ought to
pass them as the views and policy of the Sen-
ate, and not be controlled by what may be com-
municated to us by a committee of the House.
It is a constantly growing practice here in the
Senate—it was not so formerly, but it has be-
come so within the last year or two—to threaten
us with the action of the House ; to tell us that
if you do so and so the House will not agree to
it, and if you do so and so the President or some
other department will not agree to it. 1 think
we ought not to yield to that. While the
House are just as independent as we are in their
action, yet we are entirely distinct from them
in our action, and I think that distinction ought
to be kept up. We ought not to be threatened
with the action of the House on anything, and
they ought not to be threatened with our action.
Let each body stand upon its own rights and
pass its own bills, and let the other House con-
cur or amend or reject. I do not believe in
marrying them together at all.
Mr. RICE. I am opposed to this resolution.
I do not think any man ought to be relieved
of his disabilities who cannot pass through
two committees. If he is worthy to be relieved
there will be 110 difficulty about it, and if he
is not worthy he ought not to be relieved. If
the constitutional amendment means anything
it means that until men are entitled by their
good conduct to be relieved from these dis-
abilities they shall labor under them ; and 1 am
in favor of their coming up and presenting
characters that will pass the test of both com-
mittees acting separately, and not a _simple
joint committee of the two Houses. We have
nothing to do with the action of the lower
House. The Senate should act independently
of the House upon these questions and should
judge for themselves, and their committees on
all such questions should judge independently
of the action of the House upon each name
that is presented. I am opposed to the adop-
tion of the resolution, and hope that such cases
will be referred as heretofore.
Mr. FES6ENDEN. 1 will suggest to my
honorable friend lrom South Carolina whether
it would not be better to refer this resolution
to the Committee on Rules. Let it take the
same course that others have. I see myself
very considerable objections to this multipli-
cation of committees; and I know that joint
committees are in their very nature objection-
able, because, if they happen to divide in com-
mittee, the Senate does not agree with the
House 01- the two branches do not concur in
committtee: they get committed to a certain
course of action, and afterward it becomes
almost impossible for them to agree. The
knowledge that I have had of the operation
of joint, committees has satisfied me that they
had better be avoided in all cases where it js
possible to avoid them, from the nature of the
business that is committed to them. There
are one or two things on which there must
necessarily or probably be joint action. At 1
any rate, it has been the custom to have it so.
There is another objection. Thismultiplica- j
tion of committees, especially of the standing I
committees, is bad. We have now more com- j
mittees of this body than can be accommodated |
with rooms. As a member of the Committee 1
on Public Buildings and Grounds, to which the !
subject has been referred, I have found very
great difficulty in that regard. Every com-
mittee wants a room and a clerk-; and in some
cases I think that is the principal thing in
view—not in this case, I beg my honorable
friend from South Carolina to understand, be-
cause I do not refer to this case at all. But if
we go on multiplying committees in this way
we shall soon get into serious difficulty in that
particular. We have a very considerable num-
ber more of committees than we had eight years
ago, and in the constant application for the
increase of joint standing committees and sep-
arate standing committees and joint special
committees, &c., leads to very great trouble
and confusion. My own impression is that in
all cases where it is possible we had better
avoid making new standing committees of this
body. The committees that are appointed
should be special committees, and in relation
even to that subject I think the Senate is no
place to discuss it in the first instance; it had
better be discussed in the Committee on Rules,
who would make themselves acquainted with
the whole subject, and all the difficulties as
well as all the advantages of it. I therefore
hope that my honorable friend will move, him-
self, to refer this resolution to the Committee
011 Rules in order that it may be well con-
sidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree with the
Senator from Maine that we have fallen into
the habit of making quite too many commit-
tees in this body. I am aware that we have
several committees that have very little busi-
ness to do j that, in fact, seldom meet and still
occupy rooms. The multiplication of com-
mittees is objectionable. But I desire to say
to my friend from Maine that having had some
experience in regard to this question of the
removal of political disabilities, which is a new
feature in our Government growing out of the
adoption of the fourteenth amendment, I am
satisfied that we must have a committee exclu-
sively devoted to that subject. Whether it be
a committee of the Senate or a joint commit-
tee will be another question. When I say to
the Senator from Maine that within the last
year more than two thousand, and I am not
sure but three thousand cases, have been
investigated in order to determine whether the
parties applying to be relieved from political dis- J
abilities, and that 1 speak within bounds  ;
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Illi- i
nois might state that the number of applica- ;
tions that have been investigated is not less j
than four thousand. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not less than four thou-
sand. That would make the case still stronger;
and I think I speak within bounds when 1 say
to the Senate that more than half a bushel of
papers, closely tied together, have had to be
, examined. Each one of these applications is
! a case by itself. The Senate will see how
i utterly impossible it is for a committee charged
I with other duties, especially the Judiciary
I Committee of the Senate, to which these me-
1 morials and applications have been referred,
j which has a large amount of other business,
\ to take up these cases, one by one. examine
I the application, recommendations in favor of
( the removal of disabilities, and often the re-
[ monstrances against it, and come to a just and
1 proper conclusion in regard to these individual
I cases. This is what the Committee on the
] Judiciary has been required to do. It has been
j a work of very great labor. The only way that
j we could ^et along with it at all was to refer
I the subject to a sub-committee consisting of
i one of the members of that committee, who
I employed a clerk at his own expense, who was
occupied, I think, almost all the time, and
gave his personal attention to it a great por-
tion of the time and then reported to the com-
mittee, stating briefly the facts of each case.
Now, there ought to be a committee.on that
subject; whether a committee of this body or
of both Houses is another question ; and I will
say a word upon that. It seems to me that
this is a subject appropriate for consideration
in both Houses. It is impossible to take up
in the two Houses of Congress these cases and
examine them in open session in the Senate
and in the House of Representatives, because
we might debate here half a day, as we did
near the close of the late session, for an hour
or perhaps two hours upon a single case. It
is utteily impossible to take up two thousand
or twenty-five hundred cases and bring the
evidence in those cases before the Senate and
discuss them so that each individual of the
Senate shall be advised of the precise facts in
regard to each case. The only way is for the
body to rely, prima facie at least, upon the
report of its committee. Now these papers
come some of them to one House and some to
the other. Recommendations and remon-
strances in reference to the same persons will
be sent to members of the House and to differ-
ent members of the Senate. We act upon a
case perhaps in the Senate. We have no
knowledge of certain papers that are in the
possession of the House in reference to that
identical case. The consequence is we pass a
bill here after investigation where we suppose
the case is a proper one for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities ; it goes over to the House;
they have other evidence and they disagree;
and the result at the last session was that after
spending all the time upon two bills both of
them failed and fell between the two Houses.
That certainly ought to be avoided. It was
the intention when the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment was adopted to leave with
Congress the power to remove the political
disabilities from parties affected by the adop-
tion of that amendment. Congress has taken
upon itself and is bound by the Constitution
to consider this subject. It seems to me that
we shall facilitate that consideration by having
a joint committee, so that the whole testi-
mony as to each case can be before that com-
mittee ; and then when the committee acts,
having all the evidence in both Houses, we
shall be more likely to save time and to com-
mit no mistakes.
I will say further to the Senate—for it is a
matter that has given me a great deal of trouble
and a great deal of thought to know what, to
do with these applications for the removal of
political disabilities—that I have been disposed
to act liberally in this matter. Still 1 find it
very difficult., and have been unable thus far to
,, frame any general law that will meet tliis sub-
i: ject. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
! i Fekuy] has tried his hand with the introduction
j; of a bill to remove political disabilities gener-
|i ally. There is a class of persons, or there are
I; some persons in the United States, from whom
';! I am quite sure the Congress of the United
'I States is not prepared at this time, and proba-
!' bly will not be within any fixed period, to relieve
M their disabilities. The leaders of the rebellion,
; those who inaugurated it, who held high posi-
i lions under the Government and who carried
I on the war against the Government, I think
! neither the Senate nor the House nor the people
i of the country are willing to see restored to
; high places of honor and trust in the country,
j That being so, we cannot by one general law
■ relieve every one. Probably that will never
| be. We have to act upon these cases individ-
! ually. We may perhaps adopt some general
:j rules, requiring the applicants to present a cer-
i tain state of facts before we will consider their
, cases ; but yet Congress has to act.
It has been suggested that this should be
turned over to some other tribunal: but i see
: a difficulty about that. I do not know that
Congress h*s authority to do that. It is C011-
gress that may by a two-thirds vote relieve the
" disabilities of parties. Must not that be an
