THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
exercise of the power by Congress itself on its
own judgment? Then we cannot turn it over
to any other tribunal. We have to act upon it;
and I am quite sure that it will be found neces-
sary to have either a separate committee of
the Senate to which this subject shall be re-
ferred—and it will be a very laborious duty to
perform to attend to this alone—or else have a
joint committee of the two Houses, which I
think is the better mode.
Mr. SAWYER. I offered this resolution at
the suggestion of a Senator on the Judiciary
Committee who knew all the difficulties in the
case. I have seen, as the Senate have seen,
that frequent disagreements occur between the
two Houses of Congress on the removal of
disabilities in particular cases. My purpose
"was that the information which came to either
House should go to the same committee, so
that they might fairly on the evidence pre-
sented make up their minds whether the relief
of the disabilities should be granted.
My own opinions are in favor of some gen-
eral provision upon this subject, not so wide
as that of the Senator from Connecticut, but
still a general provision which would take out
of the range of the action of Congress a very
largo number of cases. But so long as the
law remains as it at present does I think we
should have some systematic way of reaching
those cases; and I know no way so likely to
be successful and to be satisfactory as to have
the evidence which comes to either House of
Congress go to a committee which contains
members from both. It is in this view that I
have offered this resolution. I wish to say, how-
ever, that 1 have no objection to the amendment
which is suggested by the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, to confine all the proposi-
tions which shall be submitted to such a com-
mittee as this to those in individual cases, rather
than such a proposition as has been submitted
by that Senator.
I wish also to say that although I make this
motion for the appointment of the committee
I should specially request that I might be re-
lieved from any service upon the committee.
Had it occurred to me that that was in any
sense a necessity of the position I should have
got some other Senator to make the motion.
1 will modify the resolution as offered by insert-
ing after the word ''proposition" the words
"in individual eases," and move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina modifies the resolution
offered by him as he has indicated ; and also
proposes that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on Rules.
Mr. FERRY. I think it will be well, for the
present at least, to have such a committee as
is provided for by this resolution, but I do most
sincerely trust that the necessity for the exist-
ence of such a committee may not long con-
tinue._ I cannot agree with the Senator from
Illinois that the people of this country desire
the lasting continuance of the political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment. I believe that at this
moment the great body of our people of all
parties are prepared for an act which shall
sweep away those disabilities, except in a very
few cases. The highest number of persons
estimated as now lying under these disabilities
is three hundred thousand. The lowest num-
ber that I have heard estimated is fifty thou-
sand. It may be true that those persons who
had been members of either House of Con-
gress and those personswho had held commis-
sions in the military or naval service of the
United States and then went into the rebellion
ought to remain for a longer period under these
disabilities, but beyond those two classes the
public safety does not any longer require the
existence of the disabilities.
Senators seems sometimes to me to rest
under a very grave misapprehension as to the
intent and purport of the fourteenth amend-
ment in this respect. Its third section was not
introduced to pnnish anybody. It is not a
penalty for crime that is created by the four-
teenth amendment. The law already has pro-
vided the appropriate penalties for the crime
of treason ; and the people have decided that
those penalties should not be imposed; and
the people would never have consented to
create a new penalty after the commission of
the offense.
Butthe third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment received the sanction of the people of this
country for the sake of the public safety. It
was believed that the security of the Republic
required that the class of persons named in
that section should for a time be disqualified
from official position. I shared in that opin-
ion ; and I believe that at the time of the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment it was neces-
sary, while the States lately in rebellion were
in their transition state from rebellion to res-
toration, that this class of persons should be
disqualified ; and it is perhaps necessary still
that those who had held high civil positions in
the Federal Government, such as Senators or
members of the House of Representatives in
Congress or commissioned officers of the Army
and Navy, should remain under these disabil-
ities. But the whole number of these would be
less than a thousand, while now somewhere be-
tween fifty thousand and th ree hundred thousand
citizens of the United States who had simply held
official positions in their several States, had
been Governors or other State officers, mem-
bers of Legislatures, sheriffs or deputy sheriffs,
or constables or justices of the peace, judges
of courts or clerks of courts, are under this
ban of disqualification, while desiring with all
their hearts to render all the assistance in their
power to reestablish the Government and the
Republic upon the basis which the people have
determined that they shall be established upon
as evinced by their laws and by their action in
the recent Presidential election. And now,
sir, this large class of persons who are disquali-
fied from the fact that they had merely held
offices in their respective State systems cer-
tainly can be relieved without danger to the
Republic.
I introduced a bill yesterday for the general
removal of political disabilities. The Senator
from South Carolina, the mover of the present
resolution, introduced this morning an amend-
ment to that bill excepting from its operation
the class of persons whom I have named as
being, perhaps, needfully included under the
disqualification, to wit, excluding from the
operation of the bill which I had the honor to
introduce those persons who had beeu mem-
bers of either House of Congress or had held
commissions in the military or naval service of
the United States. If that amendment should
be added to the bill which I had the honor to
introduce I believe that the bill might be passed
not only with safety to the Republic, but with
great and permanent benefit to the Republic,
thus leaving only the small number of persons 1
whom I have mentioned to receive the attention :
of the committee which it is now proposed shall
be appointed; and I hope that this general
subject upon the bill and the amendment to
which I have alluded will speedily come before
the Senate in a manner to receive its favorable
action. |
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not rise with any view !
of discussing the propriety of the measure which i
has been introduded here by the Senator from ]
Connecticut, but in regard to this concurrent, !
resolution offered by the Senator from South '
Carolina I wish to say that I hope it will be put :
before some committee where it can be con- !
sidered carefully as a subject of that grave j
nature requires. There is nothing in the bill 1
introduced by the Senator from Connecticut !,
that commends itself to my judgment and good |j
sense, and whenever that bill comes before the l>
Senate I shall expect an opportunity to express •'
my opinions at length against its policy. Theo- I'
nes on this subject may do very well; "kindness
and good nature may become philanthropists '
and may become the nation at this iime per- '
haps, but safety, the maintenance of the gov- ;
ernments which have been set up under the '
authority of Congress require circumspection
in this matter, and every man who lives in the
southern country knows it. J have no objection
to the creation of this committee ; I am per-
fectly willing to see a committee organized
which will perform this labor; but I think we
had better make haste slowly in this matter of
removing disabilities from men who committed
the crime of treason, and I am in favor of
removing them only so fast as it is safe to do it.
Mr. SPENCER. I desire to give notice that
I shall move to amend the resolution of the
Senator from South Carolina by striking out
the words "joint committee" wherever they
occur and inserting "select committee;" and
also by striking out ''three" and inserting
"five;" so as to provide for a select committee
of five members of the Senate to consider this
subject. This is a matter in which all the Sen-
ators from the reconstructed States feel a deep
and abiding interest. The removal of political
disabilities is a subject which we are, or ought
to be at least, perfectly conversant with, and
it is one in which our constituents have a great
interest and in which I feel a great interest. I
do not like to have a joint committee appointed
on the subject; but 1 should like to see a select
committee of the Senate; and I desire to give
notice of that amendment and to ask that the
amendment be referred to the Committee on
the Rules, to which this resolution is to go.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina has modified his resolu-
tion and the Senator from Alabama proposes
to amend it in the mode indicated by him. The
motion to refer is now pending. If no objec-
tion be made the motion to amend will be
entertained, and the question will be on the
motion to refer the resolution and the pending
amendments.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to say to the
Committee on the Revision of the Rules, to
which this proposition is to be referred, that I
think it is necessary to do something on this
subject. Itisimpossibleforthe Judiciary Com-
mittee to consider these applications. I have
done all I could this winter and occupied as
much time as I could possibly devote to it, and
I have found myself mistaken in some instances.
It is necessary either that there should be a
special committee to consider these applications
or that they should be assigned to some other
committee that is not overloaded with busi-
ness. The Judiciary Committee cannot attend
to this matter. It is one of such great detail
as necessarily to occupy the whole time of any
committee, and the gentlemen who serve on it
should not be charged with any considerable
labor on other committees. The committee
should be composed of Senators who are able
to devote a very large amount of time to it.
Until our policy is changed, until some gen-
eral rules can be adopted, while individual ap-
plications are being made those applications
must be examined ; and if they are examined
! at all it is due to the Senate that they should
. be fairly examined and that justice should be
i done in each case : that it should not be gov-
erned by prejudice or favor, but that there
should be a fair and honest examination. It
is disgraceful to have any other kind of exam-
ination made ; and consequently sufficient time
should be devoted to the question to give a full,
fair, and honest investigation. That is one of
the obligations devolved on Congress by the
constitutional amendment and by the existing
legislation. It is the duty of the Senate to m-i-
j that this matter is properly attended to, and
for that purpose I think there should be a spe-
I cial committee, and the Senators who serve oti
that committee should be as free as possilt!--
, from other duties; and 1 would suggest th > ■:
i would be well to have that committee vi-i .■
largely composed of Senators from the south-
ern States who have local knowledge on the
subject.
It may be, however, that the Committee on
Ru es can find somestandingeornmitteethat has
little or no business and turn this matter over
to them; but some provision on the sulject
must be made. Ihore m some reason tor a
joint committee unless there can be joint action
