1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2t-
on the part of the House committee and the
committee of the Senate so that the same ap-
plication shall not be pending in both Houses
at the same time. It should be understood
and made public that when a person applies
to both committees at the same time his appli-
cation shall not be considered. In that case,
if a man finds one committee going against
him he comes to the other and makes applica-
tion there. If it could be made public and
understood by both committees and by the
people at large that the application should be
made to one committee, it would relieve the
matter of a great deal of embarrassment. In
the other House the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion has had charge of this subject and has
attended to it very thoroughly. Probably that
committee is divided into sub-committees to
consider the cases. I think we should have
the same work done thoroughly in the Senate
by a special committee, and then have a gen-
eral understanding that the applications shall
be first considered in one House and the papers
sent from there to the other House and there
reexamined. That may answer every curpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, that the resolution and the pendingamend-
ments be referred to the committee appointed
to revise the rules of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
WESTERN lllVEliS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asks
consent to lay before the Senate at this time a
communication from the Secretary of War.
The communication was read, and ordered
to lie on the table. It is as follows :
War Department, March 3,18s9.
The Secretary of War, in answer to the resolution
of the Senate dated March 1, 1869, has the honor to
report:
That the memorial of Brevet Brigadier General B.
S. Roberts to the Secretary of War, upon the subject
of using the surplus waters of the upper lakes to im-
prove the navigation of certain of the western rivers
and to leclaim the waste lands of the Mississippi,
was sent to the House of Representatives on the 19th
of February, and that no other copy of it is in pos-
session of the Department.
J. M. SCOFIELD,
Secretary of War.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
asks consent to lay before the Senate the action
of the Legislature of Kansas ratifying the pro-
posed fifteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 8, 1869.
On motion of Mr. MORTON", and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President-; 
Mr. ANTHONY. I was going to propose
that we proceed to the election of the standing
committees of the Senate, as perhaps that
would facilitate business, if by unanimous con-
sent it can be done before petitions are re-
ceived, and then they can be appropriately
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the election of the standing com-
mittees previous to the business of the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Rhode
Island to postpone that until I have made a
few words of explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks leave to make a personal
explanation. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I find in the New York World
of Saturday last a communication from Wash-
ington which purports to detail some of the ]
proceedings which took place in the executive j
session ot the Senate on Friday, and among !
other statements made I find this :
" Without debate, but with a good ileal of secret
disappointment nix) disgust, the Senate proceeded to
contirui t lie nominations. When Mr. ilorie'snauie was
lead Senator Howk in\oluutarily asked, 'Who is
Borie?' whereupon Mr. Cameron rose and described
the antecedents and character of the Secretary of the
Navy. 'Well,'said Senator Howl; resignedly,'let
him pass; the League Island job will of course be
alt the safer.'"
I do not know that it is very important to
contradict a statement so manifestly false as
some of the statements in this letter are.
Among other misstatements this letter repre-
sents Mr. Conness, lately a Senator from Cal-
ifornia, as having communicated between the
Senate in executive session and the newspaper
correspondents outside. Of course the public
must know that as that Senator has ceased to
be a member of this body unfortunately lie
could not have been the medium of any such
communication. In ieference to this particu-
lar statement which I have read the Senate,
of course, if they remember, will be able to
bear witness to the truth of what I now state,
that I not only did not say what is put in my
mouth by this correspondent, but I absolutely
said nothing at all while the Cabinet nomina-
tions were pending, absolutely did not say any-
thing ; and I believe the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, whose name is introduced into this
report, was not in the Senate at that time.
Mr. President, I ought perhaps to feel com-
plimented that newspaper correspondents will
occasionally take the trouble to invent speeches
for me ; but I cannot feel grateful when they
invent speeches so very silly and inane as this
is. I can make all such speeches myself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand what
paper it was.
Mr. HOWE. The New York World of Sat-
urday last.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word in
connection with this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks consent to make a
personal explanation. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I had not seen this letter
and had not heard of it; but I am rather glad
that I have an opportunity of saying now  
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say that we can-
not hear a word on this side of the Chamber.
We do not like to lose anything the Senator
says.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that, as
every Senator knows, I was not present when
the nominations were brought into the Senate,
and I am glad of the opportunity now of giving
the reason to the public why I was not hero.
As the Senate will remember I was one of a
joint committee who were directed to call on
the President and inform him that the two
Houses were ready to receive his communica-
tions ; and having left the Capitol in the dis-
charge of that duty I did not return until the
moment the Senate adjourned.
Now, with regard to the member of the Cab-
inet from Pennsylvania I am very proud to
be able to say that he is an excellent selection.
He is a gentleman in the proper sense of that
word; has been a Republican as long as there
has been a Republican party; was a member
of the Whig party before—I do not care very
much about that, though, for I was a Demo-
crat—but he is a man of the very highest social
standing in Philadelphia, and everybody admits
that he is fully competent to be an able and
trusted adviser of the President. So far I can
say about him, and this I would have said had
I been in the Senate at the time.
As to the newspaper which has been alluded
to I will only say that I rarely have an oppor-
tunity of reading the World. I sometimes
read it with pleasure. It is very bitterly op-
posed to ail I believe to be right; but its articles
are always well written and generally amusing.
Besides, the newspapers have dealt with me so
long,and, as 1 think, so harshly, that I have been
accustomed to their harshness, and it never
disturbs me at all. Indeed I am rather sur-
prised when some of the newspapers of I lie
country, not belonging to the party of which I
am a member, forget to use such language
toward me. I begin to fear that I have not been
doing right because, as I believe, they have
always attacked me unjustly.
STANBING COMMITTEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
E,hode Island asks unanimous consent that the
Senate now proceed to the election of standing
committees. Istliereany objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that by unanimous
consent the committees may be elected by
nomination instead of by ballot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks that by unanimous consent
the thirty-fifth rule be dispensed with, requir-
ing the committees to be elected by ballot, that
they may be made by nomination. Is there
any objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate for standing
committees the Senators on the list I send to
the Chair.
The Secretary read the list, as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner,
(chairman,) Fessenden, Cameron, Harlan,
Morton, Patterson, and Casserly.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,)
Williams, Cattell, Morrill, Warner, Fenton,
and Bayard.
On Appropriations—Messrs. Fessenden,
(chairman,) Grimes, Wilson, Cole, Sprague,
Sawyer, and Stockton.
Oil Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chair-
man,) Corbett, Kellogg, Spencer, Conkliug,
Buckingham, and Vickerst-"
On Manufactures—Messrs. Morton, (chair-
man,) Yates, Robertson, Boreman, and Mc-
Donald.
On Agriculture—-Messrs. Cameron, (chair-
man,) Robertson, Tipton, Gilbert, and Mc-
Creery.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson, (chair-
man,) Howard, Cameron, Morton, Thayer, Ab-
bott, and Schurz.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Grimes, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Cragin, Nye, Drake, Scott,
and Stockton.
Onthe Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Stewart, Edmunds, Conkling, Rice,
Carpenter, and Thurman.
On Post Offices and Post lioads—Messrs.
Ramsey, (chairman,) Pomeroy, McDonald,
Hamlin, Cole, Gilbert, and Thurman.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Williams, Tipton, Osborn, Warner,
Sprague, and Casserly.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Williams,
(chairman.) Ferry, Sawyer, Kellogg, and
Bayard.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Harlan, (chair-
man,) Ross, Corbett, Thayer, Buckingham,
Poole, and Davis.
On Pensions—Messrs. Edmunds, (chair-
man,) Tipton, Spencer, Pratt, Brownlovv,
Schurz, and McCreery.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Yates,
(chairman,) Pool, Fowler, Brownlow, and
Saulsbury.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,)
Willey, Scott, Sprague, Robertson, Pratt, and
Davis.
Onthe District of Columbia—Messrs. Ham-
lin, (chairman,) Patterson, Sumner, Rice,
Harris, Pratt, and Vickers.t—'
On Patents—Messrs. Willey, (chairman.)
Ferry, Carpenter, Osborn, and Norton.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Morrill, (chairman,) Trumbull, Ferry, Cole,
and Stockton.
On Territories—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,)
Cragin, McDonald, Schurz, Howard, Bore-
man, and McCreery.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard,
(chairman,) Sherman, Ramsey, Stewart, Wil-
