28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
son, Harlan, Drake, Rice, Abbott, Fanton,
and Scott.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Stewart,
(chairman,) Chandler, Anthony, Yates, Boss,
Saulsbury, and Fowler.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United
States—Messrs. Cqnkling, (chairman,) Sum-
ner, Carpenter, Pool, and Bayard.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate—Messrs. Cragin, (chair-
man,) Edmunds, and Davis.
On jFViw&igf—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,)
Harris, and Casserly,
OntheLibrary—-Messrs. Cattell,(chairman,)
Howe, and Fessenden.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Thayer, (chair-
man.) Patterson, and Abbott.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Ross, (chair-
man,) Buckingham., and Norton.
On Education—Messrs. Drake, (chairman,)
Morrill, Sawyer, Corbett, and Pomeroy.
Th-e list of committees, as proposed, was
adopted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of
William A. Parker, of Massachusetts, captain
United. States Navy, asking that he may be
restored to the active list; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Sol-
omon E. Bowles, of Rochester, Massachusetts,
praying an extension of his patent for a ma-
chine for raising and transporting stones;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a memorial from the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, relating to property used in
the military service by certain cavalry regi-
ments in that State, in which they represent
that privates, enlisted men of those regiments,
were allowed to use their own horses under a
law of Congress, and that in many cases they
were lost and no provision of law for their
compensation. I move that this memorial be
printed and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
James Smith, Granville Butcher, David S.
Lowe, Thomas Eagan, A. J. Henline, George
Dancer, and others, of West Virginia, praying
compensation for property impressed during
the late war by the military authority ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Mrs.
Zelica T. Dunlap, widow of Lieutenant Col-
onel James E. Dunlap, twenty-ninth Illinois
volunteers, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying that in any pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution whfch
may come before Congress in regard to suf-
frage, and in any law affecting suffrage in tho
District of Columbia or in any Territory, the
right of voting may be given to women on the
same terms as to men ; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of artists of
Boston, setting forth that the existing laws do
not afford to authors of paintings, drawings,
statuary, and models, being works of the fine
arts, protection in the nature of copyright, and
praying for the passage of a law that shall give
to them that protection ; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of the Legis-
lature of the State of Arkansas, praying for an
appropriation by Congress for the erection of
a building at Little Rock for the accommoda-
tion of United States officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the petitions
of John B. Thompson, of Kentucky, and Eli-
jah Fox, of Mississippi, now on the table, be
taken upland referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary; and I also desire to present the
petition 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire of the
Senator from Kentucky what those petitions
are that he asks to have referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary?
Mr. McCREERY. To be relieved from dis-
abilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope those petitions
will not be referred this morning. I will state
to the Senator that it is in contemplation to
raise a special committee on that subject, and
I suggest to him, therefore, to let them lie on
the table for the present.
Mr. McCREERY. I will withdraw that part
of the motion then, and present the petition of
W. F. Hawes, asking to be relieved from polit-
ical disabilities, and move that it He on the
table until some action is taken on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table for the present.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered. That the petitions and papers of Richard
M. Hoe, Isabella C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus
Youngs, Polly Hunt, administratrix, and George W.
Hunt, administrator of the estate of Walter Hunt,
deceased, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered. That thatthepetition of Lorenzo Thomas,
jr., and Henry C. Thomas, and the petition of Ma-
thilda Victor, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the appli-
cation of William J. Patten, collector of the second
district of Arkansas, be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee or  Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, praying a confirmation
of the Rio Grande land grant to the actual set-
tlers who have occupied, improved, and lived
upon said land for the last ten years, be taken
from the files of the Senate, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Margaret Rid-
dle, widow of George Read Riddle, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WARNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of J. P. F.
Camp be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. WARNER, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions of the Legislature
of Alabama in favor of tlie passage of a law allowing
interest on $103,999 20 of two and three per cent,
funds, which accrued between 1820 and 1831, betaken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Allen
Smith be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of J. M. .
Forbes be taken from the files of the Senate and 1
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. !
On motion Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of M.
Wright and others be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ABBOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and other papers in
relation to the removal of the charges of desertion
fiom certain soldiers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry and the thirteenth Tennessee cav-
alry, andthepetitionof AnsonB.Sams, be withdrawn
from the files ot the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. ABBOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eliza Shelton and
others be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Leonard Pope be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of S. and H
Sayles be taken from the files of the Senate and
reierred to tne Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the regents of the
University of Kentucky, praying compensation for
damages done to their property, bo taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. ' I ask to have the papers
and the bill which is now upon the files of the
Senate relating to the claim of Clara Moore
taken from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that a bill of
the last session ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
have to introduce it as an original bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The papers I want re-
ferred ; of course I will introduce a new bill.
There are a large quantity of papers that have
been some time before the Senate. They are
on the files of the Senate, and I want them
before the committee so that they can exam-
ine the papers with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee does the Senator propose to refer the
papers ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will bs so
referred.
REFERENCE OP BILLS.
Mr. CONKLING. I wkh to submit a mo-
tion that bills heretofore introduced and lying
on the table, there being no committees at the
time they were introduced, be referred to the
appropriate committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New York moves that all bills and memorials
now lying on the table be referred to the appro-
priate committees.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
! No. So) to create an additional land district in
the Territory of Dakota, to be called the Pem-
( bina district; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
36) granting the right of way through the pub-
I lie lands to the Midland Pacific Railway Com-
] pany, and for other purposes; which was read
' twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 37) to remove the charge of desertion from
certain soldiers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry ; which was read twice bv
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 38)
to remove the charge of desertion from cer-
tain soldiers of the thirteenth Tennessee cav-
alry; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 39)
for the relief of Anson B. Sams : which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 40)
granting pensions to Eliza Shelton, Nancy
Shelton, Cerena Metcalf. Nancy King, Patsey
J. Shelton, Sarah Metcalf, Cloa Shelton, and
Mary Franklin, and their children under the
age of sixteen years; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 41) to prohibit secret sales or pmchasrs
of gold or bonds on account of the Ignited
States, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S.
