1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
No. 42) for the relief of Orlando Brown ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 43) supplementary to an act entitled " An
act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 44) to amend the judicial system of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
45) to incorporate the Washington Market
Company ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 46)
to provide for the hetter security of the lives
of passengers on vessels propelled by steam ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
47) for the relief of S. and H. Sayles; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consont obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 48) to refund to the States the interest and
discount on money borrowed to equip, pay,
supply, and transport troops for the service of
the United States in the recent war: which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
49) relating to freedmen's hospitals ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 50)
to encourage the growth of forest trees ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 51)
authorizing the Secretary of War to pay cer-
tain certificates issued for fortification purposes
in Lawrence, Kansas; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 52)
authorizingthe appointmentof a commissioner
and the settlementof claims of citizens of Kan-
sas ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 53) to pay two companies of Oregon vol-
unteers ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a billed.
No. 54) for the further security of equal rights
in the District of Columbia ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. A bill of the same title
passed this morning, but this bill relates to
other rights. I should like to have it read at
length.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Beit enacted, d-e., That the word "male,*'wherever
it occurs in the laws relating to theDistnet of Colum-
bia, or in the charter or ordinances ot the cities oi
Washington orGeorgetown, and operates as a limit-
ation on tbe right of any citizen ot the United States
and of such District, or ot either of the cities, to \ ote
or to hold office, be, and the same is horeoy, repealed,
and it shall be unlawful for any person or officer to
enforce or attempt to enforce such limitation after
the passage of this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 55) granting the right of way and lands to
the Pecos and Placer Mining and Ditch Com-
pany of New Mexico ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the relief of John
E. llceside; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 3) in relation to estab-
lishing the boundary line between the State of
Arkansas and the Choctaw and Chickasaw na-
tions ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 4) requiring partiesdesir-
ing to be relieved from political disabilities to
make application to Congress in writing over
their own signatures, setting forth the grounds
upon which relief is asked, which shall be
sworn to.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the resolution
He on the table for the present, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 5) authorizing the appoint-
ment of commissioners to examine the claims
of citizens of Douglas, Johnson, and Miami
counties, Kansas, for spoliations committed in
what is known as the Quantrel raid in August,
1863 : which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 6) enabling actual settlers
to purchase certain lands obtained of the Cher-
okee Indians; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. 11. No. 1) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read twice by its_ title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON DISABILITIES.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
concurrent resolution ; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved bv the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint special committee, con-
sisting of tour Senators and four Representatives, be
appointed, to whichshaU be referred all applications
for the removal of political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth artielc of amendment to the OoiibU-
tution.
LIGHT-SHIP AT MOUTH OF SAVANNAH UIVER.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee oil Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing
a light-ship to bo placed at or near the mouth of the
Savannah river, near a point known as the Oyster
Bed.
PENSION TO MIU3. LINCOLN,
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. £io. lit]
granting a pension to Mary Lincoln, widow oj
Abraham Lincoln, late President of the United
States.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill ia be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
I and will be read,
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
Mary Lincoln, widow of Abraham Lincoln, late
President of the United States, shall ree&iTea
pension of $6,000 annually, to be paid from
the date of the death of her husband.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is a subject
that merits inquiry by a committee. If this
lady is not destitute, and enjoys affluence or
comfort, then it may be that it will be entirely
unjust to give her this sum to the exclusion of
other widows of soldiers. If on the contrary,
as is represented, as I hear within a day or
two, she is in destitute circumstances and is
absolutely in want, it will undoubtedly be
proper for the Government to do something
for her. in that view 1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, 1 hope that
that, motion will not prevail. The bill at the
last session was referred to the Committee on
Pensions, which reported it back to the Senate
for consideration. I have 110 reason to sup-
pose that it would receive any different report
from the committee at this session. Still far-
ther, sir, there is no occasion for reference to
any committee. The question is so simple
that it does not need any inquiry or report. I
hope, therefore-, that the Senate will proceed at
once to vote upon it without any reference, and
so far as I am concerned I would say without
any speeches.
Mr. TIPTON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Pensions 1 was not present with the
committee at the time of its action in, this case.
I am anxious to do what is right in the prem-
ises. 1 wish an opportunity to look into the bill
thoroughly and entirely, and therefore I am
anxious that it go to the committee that I may
have an opportunity of investigating it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont
to refer the bill to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas aud nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
in reply to my friend from Massachusetts. He
says that this is a perfectly simple qsestion. He
fixes by his own will the sum of $5,000 a year
as exactly the sum, no more and no less, that
we are to give to this lady. Now, does it not
merit inquiry whether that is the proper sum
in view of all the circumstances? There are
a great many other widows ot sufferers from
this rebellion in the land who only have thirty
dollars a month, fifty dollars the very highest;
the great majority of them only fifteen, twenty,
and ten dollars. Now, are we to say, without
a single fact before this body reported by any
inquiry from a committee, that this sum of
$•5,000 for the life of a lady per year is to be
voted away 1 It may be that it will turn out
when all the facts arc known that it is perfectly
right; it may be that it will turn out, let me
say to the Senator from Massachusetts, that it
is entirely wrong ; and are we to set the pre-
cedent of refusing to have an investigation into
the propriety of the principle and the amount
on the spur of the enthusiasm of my friend
from Massachusetts ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, oil which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
: The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ol, nays 27 ; as follows:
; YE AS—Messrs. Bayaid, Boremau, Carpenter.Cole,
: Colliding, Orasin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, t erry,
1 Fesbcnden, Urimes, Hamlin, llowe, McCreery, Mor-
rill Patterson, Pomeroy, Kobertson, Ross, Sawyer,
i Schurz, Fuott. Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, iipton,
! Trumbull, Vickers, Wiliey, and Williams-dl.
1 NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Coroott, Wrake,
Harlan, Harris, Ilowaid, Kellogg, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, S to war t,
Sumner. Tluyer, Thurman, Warner, Wilson, anu
IbSn'T—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Fowler, Gil-
bert, McDonald, Sauls-bury, and bpencoi—7.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
j Pensions.
i CONSIDERATION Of K15SOLOTIONS.
| xhc VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
