80
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLO^
March 8,
informed that by the usage of the Senate res-
olutions heretofore laid over will now come up
in regular order. The first resolution is the
following, offered by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Hahlah:]
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint standing committee,
to consist of three members of the Senate and five
members of the House of Representatives, be ap-
pointed to consider all propositions relating to the
Indian tribes.
. Is it tlie pleasure of the Senate to consider
this resolution at the present time ?
Mr., EDMUNDS. I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is another
resolution which will probably be laid on the
table, as the Senate has adopted a concurrent
resolution on the same subject. This resolution
was offered by the Senatorfrom South Carolina,
[Mr. Robertson:]
Resolved, That a select committee of nine on the
removal of disabilities, be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the Senate, to whom shall be referred all
matters relating to the removal of disabilities under
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
affairs in georgia reference of bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
bill which I introduced the other day touching
affairs in the State of Georgia. I do not re-
member the number.
The bill (S. No. 3) to enforce the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution and the laws of
the United States in the State of Georgia, and
to restore to that State the republican govern-
ment elected under its new constitution, was
read by its title.
' Mr. EDMUNDS. ^1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to inquire of the
Chair whether the motion I made some time
ago was by the Chair considered as of force ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was stated by
the Chair covering all the bills and memorials ;
but if any Senator desired to make a special
motion in regard to them during the day the
Chair supposed it would be right to receive it,
as there might be some choice in regard to
committees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not know that
motion had been made.
Mr. CONKLING. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that I did move that bills
lying on the table be referred to the appro-
priate committees, those indicated by the mem-
bers introducing them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no business
before the Senate I will suggest that at my in-
stance some days ago a resolution was adopted
that the Senate would at one o'clock to-day
proceed to the election of a Chaplain. I sup-
pose there would be no objection by unanimous
consent to anticipating that order; but if there
is anything else to be done I withdraw the
suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that all
the bills on the table have been referred ?
The VICE-PRESIDENT. They have been
ordered to be referred by the Secretary to their
appropriate committees.
equal eights in tub district.
Mr, SUMNER. There is one bill, intro-
duced by me on Saturday, for the further pro-
tection of equal rights in the District of Colum-
bia, which I desire to have passed at once. It
is a bill which has already three several times
passed both Houses of Congress, but has failed
to receive the signature of the President. I
move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. "3) for the further
security of equal rights in the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to : and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to reppal the word "while" wherever
it occurs in the Uws relating to the District of
Columbia or in the charter or ordinances of
the cities of Washington or Georgetown and
operates as a limitation on the right of any
elector of such District or of either of the
cities to hold any office or to be selected and to
serve as a juror, and to provide that it shall be
unlawful for any person or officer to enforce or
attempt to enforce such limitation after the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
election of chaplain.
Mr. SHERMAN. If therebe no business
before the body, although the time for the elec-
tion has not quite arrived, I move that the
Senate proceed to the election of Chaplain for
the Forty-First Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nominations
are in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to nominate
as Chaplain Rev, William Withington, of
Washington, a venerable clergyman, exem-
plary in piety, scholarship, and simplicity of
life—excellent in all respects.^
Mr. CAMERON. I have risen to nominate
Rev. Dr. Newman, agentleman who, during the
war, was engaged in ministering to the wants of
the sick, the wounded, and the dying; whose
conduct was not only Christian-like, but heroic,
with our armies in the South.
Mi-. VICKERS. I nominate Rev. Dr. L.
W. Bates.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, I desire
to second the nomination which has been pre-
sented to the Senate of Rev. Dr. J. P. New-
man, ofNew Orleans. Dr. Newmanisacknowl-
edged, I believe, by all acquainted with him, as
a clergyman of superior ability. Born and
educated at the North, at the close of the war
he went to the metropolis of the South and
devoted all his energies to establishing a society
of his own persuasion, composed of Union
people. He was eminently successful. Under
his auspices and mainly by his own exertions
a large and most respectable society was
formed and a fine edifice built and dedicated
some two years since. Dr. Newman about
the same time established and has since con-
ducted with signal ability "The Advocate,"
the principal religious paper of the South.
His labors, earnest and indefatigable in the
cause of loyalty and humanity, have in some
measure impaired his health, and now, having
accomplished his desire of establishing upon
a sure foundation a Union religious society in
the principal city of the South, he is about to
take up his residence in this city and is to be
placed in charge of the Metropolitan Metho-
dist church recently dedicated. His salary in
that charge is small, and, as is usual with faith-
ful clergymen, he has little of this world's
goods, and the salary of the Chaplain of the
Senate will be a great help to him. He is
a most eloquent and effective preacher. He
has been an earnest champion of religion and
loyalty in the South. I submit that there is a
peculiar appropriateness in his selection as
Chaplain, If this honor is conferred upon him
I am sure it will be most appropriately bestowed.
Mr. MORRILL. I nominate Rev. E. H.
Gray, who has so acceptably performed the
duties for the last four years; and I think all
who have heard him will not be very likely to
desire a change.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I pre-
sent the name of Rev. John Chester, who is
pastor of the Capitol Hill Presbyterian church.
He is building up a very fine organization upon
the hill. He is a gentleman of culture and of
sincere piety. He belongs to the Presbyterian
religion, and is, I think, a very good man and
a successful preacher. I nominate him for the
place of Chaplain of the Senate.
Mr. McCREERY. I nominate Rev. W.
Logan Nourse, of Kentucky, a Presbyterian,
a young gentleman of fine character and high
attainments, and withal a man of exemplary
'' piety.
Mr. TAXES. I rise to second the nomina-
tion made by my colleague, though I do not
know that I am very much interested in this
question. I know Rev. Dr. Newman very
well. He is a splendid man, and especially as
a political preacher he is unsurpassed. I do
not know that I object to a certain connection
between religion and politics; on the other
hand, I have rather favored the idea that, though
religion and politics were separate to a certain
extent, there was yet a sort of connection be-
tween true piety and true republicanism. That
has been my theory and I think it is a correct
theory. But when we are to have prayers for
the Senate the question comes up whether we
should not discard entirely any political view
in those prayers. We have politics enough in
the Senate ; but if we are to have a politi-
cian, and Dr. Newman is uot successful, Intrust
we shall have another man of distinguished
piety and remarkable for his devotion to
Republican principles, Rev. Dr. T. M. Eddy,
of Chicago, Illinois, than whom a purer pat-
riot, a more devoted loyalist, or a man more dis-
tinguished for his piety does not live. But Mr.
Chester, I understand, is a man of humble, de-
voted piety, as my colleague says, a gentleman
of culture, a man who devotes his life entirely
to the service of his God and the promotion of
the interests of humanity.
With this view, while I admire and respcct
beyond perhaps any man in the Senate, be-
cause I am personally his friend, Dr. New-
man, I shall stand by this humble, pious, de-
voted follower of the Cross. I should like to
hear his plain, simple, musical, devotional
voice ascend to God for the Senate and House
of Representatives every morning as the sun
casts his glance upon this Capitol. Therefore,
sir, with the hope that we shall select my friend
from Chicago, unless we have this devout fol-
lower of the Cross, I shall, for the present at
least, cast my vote for Rev. Mr. Chester, and
we shall never regret it if we elect him.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, Rev. Dr.
Newman, who has been nominated, is agen-
tleman of eminent ability and of distinguished
attainments. He has shown his faith by his
works, as I understand. He has been some
five or six years in New Orleans. He was
there through the most desperate and trying
times. He was greatly distinguished by his
courage, by his devotion to his church, and to
his political principles when it was dangerous
to be so devoted. During the time of the prev-
alence of the yellow fever he showed the great-
est courage and devotion, applying himself to
the relief of the sick under circumstances that
endangered his own life. I think the whole
history of Dr. Newman shows that he is a min-
ister who is eminently entitled to this consid-
eration upon the part of the Senate of the
United States. I shall cast my vote most cheer-
fully for Rev. Dr. Newman.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I desire to
say that I shall cast my vote with great pleas-
ure for Rev. Dr. Newman, because I know
with what faithfulness and with what Christian
fidelity he administered to those who passed
away under the affliction that visitea New
Orleans hut two short years since. I have
reason to know his kindness, his Christian con-
duct and deportment to those who were near
and dear to myself. I think it would be an
honor to this body if he should be chosen as
its Chaplain.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to bear my bum-
ble testimony to the ability, the piety, and
the distinguished services to humauity of Rev.
Dr. Newman. I concur with the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] in saying that this body
will do itself honor by calling him here.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I call for the
previous question, which is the ballot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that the previous question does not
operate in this body. If there are no further
nominations or remarks in regard to nomina-
tions they are now closed, and the Secretary
will read the list of nominations.
The Secretary read the list.
