THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will
prepare their ballots and the Sergeant-at;Arms
will see to their collection.
The ballots having been collected and
counted, the result was announced as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 61; necessary
to a choice, 31; of which—
Rev. J. P. Newman received 25
Rev. William Withington 10
ltev. John Chester 10
Eer. E. H. Gray  7
Rev. L. W. Bates 6
Rev. W. Logan Nourse    2
Rev. D. C. Kelley 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. No person hav-
ing received a majority of all the votes cast,
there is no election.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed with another vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second bal-
lot will be proceeded with. Senators will again
prepare their ballots, and the Sergeant-at-
Arms will see to their collection.
The ballots having been collected and
counted, the result was announced as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, CI; necessary
to a choice, 31; of which—
Rev. J. P. Newman received.... 35
Rev. William Withington  7
Rev. John Chester  7
Rev. W. Logan Nourse 7
Rev. IS. II. Gray 0
Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., having received
a majority of all the votes cast, was declared
duly elected Chaplain of the Senate for the
Forty-First Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays oil that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Fessenden, Fowler, Gilbert, Grimes, Hamlin,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Scott, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Yates—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Drake, Ferry, Harlan, Morrill, Morton. Osborn,
Pool, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—27.
ABSENT— Messrs. Nye, Saulsbury, and War-
ner—3.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 9, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De Hass, of Washing-
ton.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of Nancy True, praying an increase of pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of James
Freeman, praying the passage of a law for pro-
tection against the exaction of the oyster ton-
nage tax imposed by the State of Virginia ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Dennis McCarthy, of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying to be allowed a pension; whioh was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of Charles A. Russell, of Texas, praying to
be relieved from political disabilities. I do
not know whether the committee on that sub-
ject has yet been constituted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the peti-
tion lie on the tkble.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a series
of resolutions passed by the Legislature of
Massachusetts, which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
In the Year 1869.
Resolves in relation to American Steamship Com-
panies.
Resolved, as the sense of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, That the bill introduced into the Senate of
the United States by our distinguished Senator, Hon.
Henky Wilson, entitled "A bill to establish aline of
American steamships between the United States of
America and Europe" should at once be passed; and
that our Senators and Representatives in Congress
be requested to use all their influence to secure the
passage ot said bill at the present session.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions
to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
Senate, February 2t, 18G9.
Passed—sent down for concurrence.
S. N. GIFFORD, Clerk.
House of Representatives, Pebruaru 21, 1869.
Passed in concurrence.
W. T. ROBINSON, Clerk.
Mr. SUMNER. Imove thatthese resolutions
be referred to the Committee on Commerce
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented thepetition of John
Cloptoit, of Williamsburg, Virginia, prayingthe
removal of his political disabilities ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of W. W.
Potter, coroner of the District of Columbia,
praying such legislation as will more specific-
ally define the duties and powers of the coro-
ner of the District; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of James
Sims, of Grenada, Mississippi, praying the
removal of political disabilities imposed on
him by the fourteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution of the United States ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Senora Marshall, praying that a pension bo
granted her on account of her ancestor's ser-
vices in the war of the Revolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented the petition of Alfred
Harris, of Georgia, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was ordered to
lie oil the table.
He also presented the petition of Jacob
Derk, of Georgia, praying to be relieved from
political disabilities; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812 resident in
the city of Allentown, Pennsylvania, praying
for an act of Congress granting them pen-
sions ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Christian
Sharps, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
for the reextension of the patent for Sharps's
breech-loading rifle ; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
captains and owners of vessels, praying to bo
relieved from the exactions of tonnage tax by
the different States, cities, and towns; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRATT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana in favor of the payment
of the claim of MaryBurress for services ren-
: dered by her son, William Burress, deceased,
in the quartermaster's department; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
the State of Indiana, praying the establishment
of a new judicial district in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented^ a petition of I
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an j
amendment to the Constitution of the United j
States as will fully acknowledge the obligations
of the Christian religion; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the creden-
tials of Messrs. Hill and Miller, elected Sen-
ators from the State of Georgia, which were
presented at the last session, as that case i?
still undisposed of, be taken from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee'on
the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that it would be better to have all
the papers in regard to Georgia matters go 'With
the credentials to that committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. I supposed
that motion would take probably all the papers
connected with the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
and the accompanying papers will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary if there be
no objection. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is so ordered.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Horace
Tyler, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Archibald
C. Creery, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the claim-
ants under tho treaty between the United States and
Venezuela, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
Grosch, on the files of the Senate, bo referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Wylly
Woodbridge, on the files ot tho Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That the following petitions with tho
accompanying papers, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims: the petition
of.). M. Best; the petition of Martha A. Estill; the
petition of Pablo do la Toba; and the petition of
Redick Mclvee.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of Joseph
R. Brown, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Stur-
gis, on the files of tho Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of R. B.
Williamson, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the following petitions with the ac-
companying papers, on the files of tho Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims: the petition
of Charles and Henry W. Spencer; the petition of J,
W. Medbury; and the petition of N. Daniels.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of David
McCanby, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and papers of Clem-
ent Wetle and of Antoinette Darling, on the files ol
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Bernard
K. ICnowlton, and the memorial and papers of D. B.
Allen & Co., on the files of tho Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by tho
Committee on Finance to report a bill to
strengthen the public credit and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin, which I ask
to have printed. 1 will add that the bill is in
the shape in which it passed the Senate at the
last session, and I give notice that I shall call
it up for action to-morrow.
The bill (S. No. 56) to strengthen the public
crcdit and relating to contracts for the pay
ment of coin was read a first time, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
12) to authorize the New York, Newfound-
| land, and London Telegraph Company to land
I its submarine cable on the shores ot the Uni-
1 ted States, have directed me to report it back
