THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. JENCKES. A part of the unfinished
business before this committee consists of in-
vestigations into transactions at the Treasury
Department with regard to the issue of bonds,
the contracts for loans, the printing of the cur-
rency, &c. A report was agreed upon at the
close of the last Congress and presented in the
Senate, but it covered only a small portion of
the actual inquiries of the committee into the
operations of the Government and its officers.
Unless the committee be continued all those
investigations will be lost. The greater por-
tion of the powers conferred upon this com-
mittee have already been exercised ; only those
in relation to the Treasury, the custom-houses,
&e., are to be continued. 1 hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not object to the
introduction of the resolution. I only asked
for information.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
• hy which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON OliDXANCE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will withdraw
his objection to the resolution to revive the
joint Committee on Ordnance.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir ; I do not with-
draw my objection.
pacific railroad—patents,
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
lie&olved, That the standing Committee on the
Pacific Railroad shall hereafter consist of thirteen
members, and the Committee on Patents of nine
members.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. SCliENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill (H. R. No. 1) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to in-
ternal revenue. I desire to say that this.bill
has been carefully examined again and again
some three or four times by the Committee of
Ways and Means of the last Congress. It also
went through the Committee of the Whole of
the last Congress, and as it is now presented
it embodies all the modihcations and changes,
malting the bill as complete as possible. 1 do
not think it necessary therefore that it should
go to the Committee of Ways and Means again
when that committee comes to be constituted
in the present Congress, as it is exceedingly
probable that it will be disposed to adopt the
work of the last Congress upon this subject.
I therefore ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and made a special order..
Mr. MAYNARD. Why not put it on its
passage? We have examined it.
Several Members. Oh, no. !
Mr. SCHENCK. That would suit me very
well.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, we all recollect
this bill very well. As the gentleman from
Ohio has stated, the Committee of Ways and
Means of the last Congress examined it very
carefully, and the Committee of the Whole
and the House have also acted upon it and
adopted it._ Nevertheless that does not re-
lieve the bill of very many objectionable fea-
tures, and I for one cannot consent to its being
put on its passage or being made a special
order. It should have no priority of other
matters that were left unfinished by the last
Congress. A great many now members do not
understand the details of this bill. They should
have an opportunity not oulj to examine them, '
but to be heard upon them at the proper time.
I have no objection to the bill going to the
Committee of the Whole, but I do object to its
being made a special order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I intended to have in-
cluded in my motion that the bill be printed
with all the modifications.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When does the gentle-
man propose to consider the bill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. As soon as wc can. If
this session should be continued for legislative
purposes I propose to have it considered at
this session. But I want at all events to put
it forward on the Calendar and make it a special
order with a view of taking it up at an early
day—of course not till it is printed—so as
to allow gentlemen an opportunity to exam-
ine it. As the gentlemau from New York
objects to its being made a special order, I
simply move that the bill be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
coinage.
Mr. KELLEY, by unaniroousconsentj intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2) for the coinage of
nickel and copper pieces of five cents and
under; which wa3 ordered to be printed and
referred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, when appointed.
JOHN B. IiODGEKS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I rise to a
privileged question. I send to the Chair the
following preamble and resolution in regard to
the credentials of the Hon. John B. Rodgers,
of Tennessee.
The Clerk proceeded to read the preamble
and resolution, as follows :
Whereas Hon. JohnB. Rodgers was on the First
Tuesday of November, 1868, elected to theForty-First
Congress of the United States from tho State of
Tennessee as a delegate Irom the State at large;
and whereas there is no existing law for the addi-
tional member, but the loyal citizens of Tennessee
believe that they are justly entitled to said addi-
tional member: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the credentials of John B.
Rodger^ be referred to tbe Committee of Elections,
and that thoy be iustructed to report at as early a
day as possible whether the credentials are in proper
iorm and whether 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. This is not a question of privilege. '
l'he SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the i
point of order. The resolution does not relate 1
to the right of representation in any district in
the United States, but refers to a law to confer
additional representation.
adjournment till fiuday.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider he
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i-ndiax affaiks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to introduce the following concurrent
resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representative*, (the Sen-
ateconcurring.) That a joint special committee on
Indian affairs, consisting of niDe members, three
Irom the henate and six from the House, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be referred all matters relat-
ing to treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annu-
ities and examination of claims reieired to Congress
from tile Interior Department relating to Indians,
with power to consider all questions arising under
said treaties, whether the same may be abrogated,
annulled, or modified; and whether any further i
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and if any :
under what restriction ; and whether any and what
revision of the several acts providing for the organ- I
isation of the department of Indian affairs may be I
expedient or necessary; also, whether any and what I
further provision may be necessaiy for auditing !
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation I
to feeding and earing for the Indians, and in what I
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted I
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart for i
them, and how tho same may be secured by law to i
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally, to consider I
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under ■
the laws of the United States, and what course shall
be taken toward them which shall best tend to their
civilization, Christianizatiou, aud ultimate citizen-
ship: and to report thereon by hill or otberwisc. Said
committee shall have power to employ a elerk and
examine witnesses, if necessary.
j Mr. RANDALL. lobject. There is already
i a Committee oil Indian Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman will not object if he will allow
me to explain.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objectiou to
hearing a statement.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the gentleman can explain.
Mr. RANDALL. Wehave already a regular
committee of the House whose duty it is to
perform just what the gentleman proposes to
require this special committee to perform.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will state
the difficulty, and if the gentleman will hear
me he will see why I introduce the resolution.
There is a regular Committee of the House on
i Indian Affairs, but we lost the Indian appro-
priation bill at the last session because of a
disagreement between the two Houses which
could not be adjusted except by a readjustment
of the system. The bill called for $'5,000,000,
and there must be some readjustment of Indian
affairs in order that the two Houses may agree.
The Senate are inclined to hold that treaties
with the Indiaus must be carried out to the
letter. That will require in the next ten years
$106,000,000 at least. The House desires to
subsist them, to take care of them, and prevent
war; and in order to bring the mind of the
House and the mind of the Senate together on
this great question, I have, after consultation
with gentlemen of the Senate, introduced this
resolution for a select committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman, as I did not give the reading of the
resolution that attention which its importance
demands, whether it contemplates an abroga-
tion of our present treaty relations with the
Indians?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It con-
templates that the committee may consider
that subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not tho resolution
then assume that any treaties we have made with
them at any time are contracts subject entirely
to our own discretion whether we will execute
them ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The res-
olution asserts nothing of the sort. It simply
proposes an inquiry into that subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will par
don me for making a remark. It will be recol-
lected by him and by the country at large that
when these people were comparatively numer-
ous and strong and the white people were rela-
tively few and weak we treated them with a de-
gree of respect and made contracts and agree-
ments^with them by which our fathers pur-
chased a large portion of their territoiy. and
now when the condition is changed i submit
that as a Christian nation and as a just peo-
ple we cannot turn round and change our
policy, and because we no longer fear them
deny to their weakness any rights. I trust the
gentleman will not put the House in any seem-
ing attitude like that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
j mean to do so. I do not mean that any rights
J acquired hy treaty where we have received a
; consideration in the shape of lands or other
j things from the Indians shall be abrogated.
' But I do mean to ask Congress to inquire into
the expediency of having treaties with these
Indiaus where the sole consideration for which
we are paying them millions and millions of
dollars is that they will keep peace with ns
and will not steal our cattle or murder our
people.
Mr. FARNSY/ORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will persist in that. I hope we shall stop
the policy of making treaties with twentv-fivo
or fi 1 ty naked Indianson the plains as an inde-
pendent nation. I am glad to see the gentle-
man start this thing, and I hope he will persist
in it. 1 '
