m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 10,
SELECT COMMITTEE Otf RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I offer the following reso-
lution, and 011 it demand the previous question:
Resolved, That there be appointed for the Forty-
First Congi ess a select Committee on Reconstruction,
to consist of thirteen members', under the same rules
and regulations as governed the proceedings of the
Reconstruction Committee in the last Congress, and
that all the documents and resolutions before the
Committee on Reconstruction of the last Congress
yet undisposed of be referred to them.
The previous Question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ISLDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the afiirmative^yeas 109, nays 43, not vot-
ing 42; as follows:
'TTSAS1—Messrs, Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Buffinton, Burdett, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna. Churchill, AmasaCobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfil-
lan, Hale, Hawley, Heaton, Hill, Hoar. Hooker,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Jencke*, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, KeHey, Kelsey,Kletchara,Knapp,Laf-
lin. Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lougbridge, Maynard,
McCrary.McGrew, ElUkimH. Moore, JesseH.Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Kegley, O'JSTcilJ, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser. Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Tovmseod,
Twichell. I'yner, Upson, Ward,Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
temore. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, JohnT. Wil-
son. Winans, and Witcher—109.
1 IN AYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Axtell, Biggs,
Bird, Burr, Cleveland, Dickinson. Eldridgre, Golla-
day, Griswold, llamil), Holman, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall. Mayham, McCormick. Mc-
Neely, Moffet, Mungen, Nibiack, Potter, Randall,
Heading, Reeves, Rice, Schumaker, Slocum, Stiles,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—13.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Beatty,
Beck. Bennett, Boyd, Brooks. Benjamin F. Butler,
Calkin, Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Crebs, Deweese,
Dixon, Dockery, Fitch, Fox, G.-tz, Greene. Haighf,
Haldoman, Hambleion, Hamilton, Hawkins. Hay,
Hoag, IngersoU, Johnson, Lynch, McCarthy, Mereur,
Morgan, Morrissey, Peters, Rogers, Schenck, Joseph
y. Smith, ^William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stone, Strickland, and "Van Horn—42.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tenuite-of-office act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal an act regulat-
ing the tenure of certain civil offices; -which
was read a first and second time.
It repeals the act of March 2,1867, regulat-
ing the tenure of certain civil offices.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the previous ques-
tion is not seconded I understand the bill goes
over.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like an
opportunity to debate it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question on the passage of the bill
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tbe question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative'—yeas 138, nays 1G, not vot-
ing 40; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Asper, Astell, Bailey, Banks. Bearnan, Beck. Ben-
nett Biggs. Bingham, Blair, Boutwell. Bowen,
Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Builer, Cake, Cessna, Churcbill.
Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Crebs, Cuilom, Davis, Dawes,
Deweese, Dtekey, Dickinson, Dyer, Bidndge, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Giiflilan, Golladay, Gris-
wold., Haldeman, Hale, Uaimll, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoag, Hoar, Holman, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham.Knapp,
Knott, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Mayham,
McCormick, McCrary, McCrew, McNeely, Moffett,
.Eiiakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,Samuel V. Morrill,
Negley, Nibiack, O'Neill, Ortb, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter,
Prosser, Randall, Reading, Rice, Rogers, Sargent,
Schumaker, Scoiield, Shanks, Sheldon, Slocum,
John A. Smith, WilliamJ. Smith, Stevenson, Styles,
Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson. John
T. Wilson, Winnns, Winchester, Witcher, Wood,
and Woodward—138. _
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Boles, Farnsworth. Eerriss,
Hotulikiss, Jenckes, Lawrence, Maynard, Scheiick,
Worthington C. Smith, Stokes, Taffe, Tillman,Ward,
Whittemore. nnd Willard—16.
NOX' V OT1NU—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bud, Biooks, Calkin, Cowles, Dixon,
Dockery, Donley, Duval,Fox, Garfield, Getz.Greene,
Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hooper, Hopkins,
Laflin, Lynch. McCarthy, Mercur. William Moore,
Morgan. Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen,
Poland, Reeves, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Joseph S.
Smith, William Smyth, Tanner, Townsend, and
Wilkinson—40.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the -vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question, and there were—ayes 27, noes
57 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE._ I hope not; I havo a
bill which I desire to introduce.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table a resolution
which has come in from the Senate in regard
to a joint committee on disabilities.
Mr. RANDALL. I object until this subject
is disposed of.
The question was put on Mr. Buti.er's mo-
tion ; and there were—ayes 86, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to ; and tbe House
(at two o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned till Friday.
louisiana election contest.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the depositions of sundry
witnesses in the contested-election case from
the first congressional district of Louisiana;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, when appointed.
kejioval of disabilities.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War relative to tho removal of polit-
ical disabilities in the State of Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee on lie-
construction, when appointed.
rush valley reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War relative to the Rush val-
ley military reservation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, when
appointed.
The call of the States and Territories for
resolutions and bills was then resumed.
indian affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
thefollowingconcurrentresolution, upon which
he moved the previous question.
Resolved. That a joint special Committee on
Indian Affairs, consisting of nme members, three
from tho Senate and six from the House, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be referred all matters relat-
ing to treaties with the Indian tribes, payment of
annuities, and examination of claims referred to
Congress from the Interior Department relating to
Indians, with power to consider all questions aris-
ing under said treaties, whether the same may bo
abrogated, annulled, or modified, and whether any
further treaties shall be made with Indian tribes,
and if any, under what restrictions, and whether any
and what revision of the several acts providine for
the organization of the department of Indian Affairs
may be expedient or necessary; also, whether any and
what further provision maybe necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation to
feeding and caring tor the Indians, and in what man-
ner and to what extent they shall be subsisted, and
what lands shall be reserved and set apart for them
and how tbe same may be secured bv lawto the use
of the Indian tribes: and finally to consider the ex-
pediency of determining by law what shall be the
legal status of persons of Indian descent under the
laws of the United States and what eourse shall be
taken toward them which shall«-best tend to their
civilization, Christianization, and ultimate citizen-
ship ; and to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Said committee shall have power to employ a clerk
and examine witnesses, if necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. That resolution assumes
entirely too much legislation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It ought to be examined
before it is passed.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB: The petition of H. B. Si-
monds, of Hunt county, Texas, for the removal
of political disabilities.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of William
H. Cloud, a soldier in the late war for the
Union, asking relief.
Also a petition of 77 citizens of the State of
New York, asking a constitutional amendment
allowing womeu the right of suffrage.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Thomas
Condon, of Augusta, Maine, for a pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Ken-
neth Rayner, of Tennessee, praying Congress
to grant him relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: The petition of
George W. H. Legg, a citizen of Spartenburg,
South Carolina, for the removal of his political
or legal disabilities.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A protest of the
Louisville Board of Trade against the extension
of that scction of the bankrupt law commonly
known as the fifty per cent, provision.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 10, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De HaSS, of Wash-
ington.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. As the Journal contains
a large number of petitions and bills introduced
I move that its reading be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 object. It ought to be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects. The reading will
be resumed.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal, but was interrupted by
Mr. FERRY. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is nearly through, I
suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the read-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER. I object. The Journal
should be read through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects.
The Secretary resumed, and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday.
•j1essage from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
! fives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
| that the House of Representatives had passed
> a concurrent resolution for the appointment
I of a joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
consisting of four members of the Senate and
seven members of the House of Representa-
tives, with the same powers and duties as were
conferred on the select Committee on Retrench-
ment in the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Con-
gresses; in which the concurrence of Ae Sen-
ate was requested.
