A"* - '
1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices ; and a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 1) to supply an omission in
the enrollment of the act making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes, approved^ March 3, 1869 ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the twenty-
fourth rule it is the duty of the Chair to lay
before the Senate, before the morning business
commences, messages from the House of Rep-
resentatives. The Chair therefore lays before
the Senate a resolution from the House of
Representatives.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Reiolved, (tho Senate concurring,) That a joint
select Committee on ltetrenctiment, consisting ot
four members of the Senate and seven members ot
the House, be appointed by the Presiding Officers oi
the two Houses, with tho same powers and duties as
were conferred upon the select Committee on Re-
trenchment in the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Con-
gresses; and to which all matters yet romaimng
undisposed of which were referred to the Commi ttee
on Retrenchment of the Fortieth Congress shall be
referred.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that resolution
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) to snp-
plv an omission in the enrollment of the act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1869, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know what
that omission 13.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent for the consideration of the
joint resolution at this time before proceeding
to the morning business. It will be reported
in full.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, &c.. Thai the followingitem omitted
in the enrollment of the act making appropriations
for sundry civil espouses of the Govei nment for the
year ending June 30. 1870, and for other purposes,
approved March 3,1869, be, and the same is hereby,
made to all intents and purposes a part ot said act,
that is to say:
" For this amount, to pny B. A. Shepherd the sum
due him on a lost check drawn by Robert fa. JN eigh-
bors, United States special Indian agent, on the 1.(1
of June, 1859. on tho Assistant Treasurer ot the Uni-
ted States at New York eity, for supplies furnished
the Indian department, $1,200."
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider the joint resolu-
tion now. It is simply to correct an omission
made by the enrolling clerk.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered at the present
time.
The bill (H. R. No. 8) to repeal an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest that that lie on
the table until we dispose of the morning busi-
ness, and I shall then call it up for considera-
tion by the Senate in place oi the bill which I
introduced the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Sarah
M.* Dove, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
S'°Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
James B. Royee, corporal of company I, sev-
enth regiment Vermont volunteer infantry,
praying lo be allowed a pension : which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Henry
Reens, late a private in company I, thirtieth
regiment Massachusetts veteran volunteers,
praying an increase of pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensious.
I
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of |
James B. Good, of Colorado county, Texas,
praying the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also preseut the petition
of officers of the Republican State Central Com-
mittee of Virginia, in which they represent that
they have received knowledge that notwith-
standing many of the names of loyal compe-
tent colored citizens have been presented to the
commanding officer of the district for appoint-
ment to office, he has persistently refused to
consider their claims or even to examine their
credentials : and they ask that colored citizens
in Virginia shall have their due share of ap-
pointments. I move the reference of this peti-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition^ of
Jaue D. Mumford, of Massachusetts, praying
to be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. IIARLAN presented the petition of
Hiram W. Love, of Johnson county, Iowa,
asking compensation for cotton eropsaestroyed
by the military authorities at White River,
Arkansas; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims. _ , .
He also presented the memorial of William
McGarrahan, praying that a patent be issued
to him for a portion of the land called the
"Rancho Panoche Grande" in accordance
wish the confirmation by the United States
district court for the southern district of Cali-
fornia and the survey now on file in the Gen-
eral Land Office ; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
I Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
1 the European and North American Railway
Company, praying aid in the construction ot
a railroad from Bangor, Maine, to the eastern
boundary of that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. _ _
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Archelaus M. Hughes, jr., praying to be re-
lieved from his political disabilities j which was
ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of loyal
citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia, and the petition
and paper^of J.vniesKelly, on the files of the feenate,
bo referred to the Committee on Claims,
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of William
f'hinn, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of L. Mer-
chant k Co. and the papers of Richard Cruikshank,
on the tiles of tho Senate, bo referred to tho Commit-
tee on Claims.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that 0. N.
' Cutler have leave to withdraw from the files
of the Senate his petition and papers. ^ I will
state that in this case a bill for the relief ot Mr.
Cutler passed the Senate, but did not pass the
House, and he desires to present the original
! petition in the House.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the sale of
tho Hot Springs reservation, on the files ot the Senate,
be referred to tho Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Minerva Lewis have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from tho files ot the
Senate.
Oil motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George
F. Brott, on tho files of the Senate, bercfeired to the
Committee cn Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. At the close of the last
session two resolutions were before the Oom-
i mittee on Printing on which the committee
were not disposed to make a favorable report,
but in which a number of Senators were inter-
ested, and the committee, therefore, did not
report at all upon them. In order to bring
them again before the Senate, I move that they
be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Printing, They area resolution
to print a certain statistical document prepared
in the Treasury Department, and a resolution
to print additional copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1868, with the accompanying maps and illus-
trations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
REPORTS OB' COMMITTEES.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 42) for the relief of Orlando Brown, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill (8. No. 83) to de-
fine the limits of the collection district of the
Teche, in the State of Louisiana, and forother
purposes; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by mammons
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 84) to carry into effect the decree of the
district court of the United States for the
southern district of New York in the ease of
the British steamer Labuan ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 85)
to carry into effect the two several decrees of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Louisiana in the cases of the Brit-
ish vessels Volant and Science; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 86)
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the district ot
Louisiana in the case of the British schooner
Flying Scud and her cargo; which was rea<J
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 87)
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the district oi"
Louisiana in the case of the British brig Dash-
ing Wave and her cargo ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 88)
to carry into effect tlie decree of the district
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York, in the case of the Eng-
lish schooncr Sibyl and her cargo ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
1 He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 89)
to incorporate the Uniontown and Washington
City Railroad Company, in the Distrsct of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed. _
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 90) to provide for the paving of 1 ennsyi*
vania avenue; which was read twice by its
' title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 91) to incorporate sundry churches, reli-
gious societies, and congregations in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the i)is-
trie! of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bilHb.
No. 92, in addition to the act. entuledAn
1NO. yii) iu auuii-iuu -----
act to incorporate the Washington and ^orge-
town Steam Packet Companywinch ^suiad
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
PrMr?HaWB asked, and by unanimous eon-
