TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
93) legalizing certain locations of agricultural
eerip therein designated ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 94) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad in California to Portland in
Oregon," approved July 25, 1866 ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 95)
Tor the sale of the Hot Springs reservation in
Arkansas; which was read twice by its title,
Teferred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 96) to provide for holding the
•courts of the United States in case of the sick-
ness or other disability of the judges of the dis-
trict courts, approved July 29, 1850; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed. |
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. i
No. 97) to fix the salary of the bailiff of the
Court of Claims; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
98) to authorize the appointment of a board of
commissioners to examine the claims of loyal
persons in the States lately in rebellion for
supplies furnished the military forces of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOl'T asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
99) to pay loyal citizens in the States lately in
rebellion for services in taking the United
States census of 1860; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also >sked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 100)
to provide for the payment of claims to loyal
citizens of the States lately in rebellion ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill without previous notice.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa objects. It requires one day's notice
under the rules if objection is made.
Mr. DRAKE. The difference is that I object
to things being taken up out of order and the
Senator from Iowa objects to their being taken
«o in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not debat-
able. The Secretary will read the title of the
bill that the Senator from Missouri proposes to
offer to-morrow.
The Seckexary. wA bill to amend certain
acts in relation to the Navy and the Marine
corps. ,
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous I
■consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 101) to provide levees to secure the low-
lands of Arkansas and Missouri from inunda- I
tion,_ and to eneourage the settlement and cul- !
tivation thereof; which was read twice by its i
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce, 1
and ordered to be printed. J
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 102) for the relief of the daughters of Gen-
eral Charles F. Smith, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 103) to establish additional national banks
secured by United States bonds and to secure
redemption of their circulation in coin ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 14) amendatory of a joint
resolution respecting the provisional govern-
ments of Virginia and Texas, passed at the
third session of the Fortieth Congress ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) giving construc-
tion to the acts of Congress granting lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in building rail-
roads ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public .Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 16) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Cooley and James W. Boswell; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
THOMAS w. PKIPPS.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That there be paid to Thomas W. Phipps
from the contingent fund of the Senate his salary as
messenger and ae ting assistant door keeper of the Sen-
ate, from thelst day of May, 1867, up to the present
time, deducting therefrom the amount received by
him during that time.
notice of bills introduced.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the twenty-fifth rule of the Senate
be so amended as to dispense with one day's notice
ol a motion to bring in a bill or joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless unani-
mous consent be given this resolution will lie
over one day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
that he had better have that resolution referred
to the committee appointed to revise the rules.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Rules.
san juan island.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bedirected to
communicate anyinformation existing in his Depart-
ment relating: to the military importance of the
island ot San Juan, in Washington Territory.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. PATTERSON. I desire to call up for
consideration the concurrent resolution re-
ceived from the House of Representatives this
morning asking for the appointment of a com-
mittee on retrenchment.
^ ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is closed, and the Senator from New
Hampshire moves to proceed to the considera-
tion of a resolution, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, (the Senato concurring,) That a joint
select committee on retrenchment, consisting of four
members of the Senate and seven members of the
House, be appointed by the Presiding Officers of the
two Houses, with the same powers and duties as were
conferred upon the select Committee on Rctrench-
me1nt m uhe Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses •
and to which all matters yet remaining undisposed
ot which were referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment of the Fortieth Congress shall be referred
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution which has been read.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on concurring in the resolution of the
rlouse of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT, The concurrent
resolution from the House of Representatives
reviving the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that matter will
not be taken up and acted upon at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate by the vote of the Senate on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can postpone it by
another vote, I suppose?
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does anybody want it?
Is there any object in it? The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] served upon that
committee at the last session, I have no doubt
to the great benefit of the public service, and
accomplished, as 1 trust, a great deal of good
by being upon it, and if he desires it io be
raised again I am certainly in favor of it. He
is better acquainted with the duties performed
by that committee; hut unless there is some
object in raising the committee and some par-
ticular views are entertained by those who favor
the resolution I think ve had better not adopt
|i it. This adopting resolutions without any coa-
|! sideration whatever to raise special committees
[[ and assign rooms for them and appoint clerks
;j for them I think is a bad practice. I have no
;! objection to the adoption of this resolution if
j; those connected with the committee at the last
]! session of Congress deem it advisable to con-
j| tinneit; and I should like to hear from the
Senator from Vermont, who was chairman of
the committee, on that subject.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that this resolution comes
from the House of Representatives. We have
had such a committee heretofore, and during
the last Congress I had the honor of serving
upon it, and I think there was no committee
of the Senate that did more hard work than
that committee. However, I am not particular
whether the committee is brought into exist-
ence again or not. If it is not the will of the
Senate to continue it let it go.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that if there
was no other action than thai of the House
j alone, if they desired to have this committee
] revived, the Senate would consent to it. The
| Hon se of Representatives have already acted
! on the subject, and a member of the Senate
j who was on the committee heretofore moves
; for concurrence by the Senate. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this old
committee has done a good deal of work ar.d
work that its members thought was useful;
! and probably if the Senate and House of Rep-
|| resentatives should see all that it had done in
i; the way of making abuses reform themselves
I: by applying blisters to officials, they would feel
j, a certain sense of gratitude for our labor,
although it has not been fulminated much by
speeches in the Senate. I feel perfectly at
liberty to say, inasmuch as the state of my
health and my engagements will not permit me
to serve on the committee again, that I know
of no committee that has, at the expense it has
been to the Government, done more for infus-
ing some order, regularity, and method, and
some slight traces of honesty into admimstra
tion than that committee has. It has undoubt-
edly made its mistakes and met with its misfor-
tunes; but, upon the whole, I think it has been
of great benefit. The subjects which naturally
come before it are those that other committees
do not conveniently take charge of; and I hope
it will be continued, although I say, so far as
I am personally concerned, it is a matter of
entire indifference to me, inasmuch as I should
excuse myself from having any place upon it
if it should be proposed in any event to put
me there.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ask a question
of the Senator from Vermont. I wish to know
whether that committee, that has already ex-
pired, ever brought any bill into the Senate or
House for the purpose of remedying any evil
or abuse ? '
