1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
. Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; it brought in
a good many bills. It brought, in the tenure-
of-office bill for one.
Mr. HOWARD. Had that any connection
with the matters referred to that committee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had special connec-
tion, because that very subject of the holding
of office was embodied in the resolution cre-
ating the committee as it originally passed the
House of Representatives and was adopted by
this body. It also introduced several other
subjects of public concern for the action of the
Senate; but like a good many other commit-
tees it has not had them all acted upon.
As to the detail of the resolution, I think it
would be better to amend it by making the
number from each House equal, say four Rep-
resentatives and four Senators, or three from
each House. But I will not make that motion ;
I suggest it Co my ftiend from New Hampshire,
who has the matter in charge.
Mr. MORTON. As retrenchment is the
order of the day, the great thing needed, that
which we are all very strongly professing, I
submit that we ought to have a committee to
work for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the resolution
is adopted I think the suggestion made by the
Senator from Vermont siiould receive attention.
This is a committee in reference to legislative
busiuess. It is to consist, if I heard the reso-
lution rightly, of seven members of the House
of Representatives and four Senators. It is
manifest that in a joint committee like that
the House of Representatives would have en-
tire control numerically. A joint committee,
I suppose, acts per capita, and the seven Repre-
sentatives would have entire control of it. If
it is to be a committee to furnish legislation
for Congress it should consist of an equal num-
ber of Senators and Representatives. I think
the committee is very large at any rate, and I
suggest to the Senator ftom New Hampshire,
who seems to take some interest in this matter,
as I shall make no objection to the passage of
the resolution after what has been said by the
Senator from Vermont, if those who served on
the committee think it advisable to continue
it, I suggest whether it would not be well to
reduce the number of the committee and make
it an equal number from each body.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend the
lesolution so as to make the committee consist
of three Senators and three Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was concurred in.
TSNURE-OF-Otfi'ICE LAW.
Mr. THAYER. I had intended to move at
this time to take up the bill introduced by me
on the second day of this session repealing the
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
but as a bill has come from the House of Rep-
resentatives repealing that law, which is now
on the desk of the Secretary, I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of that
bill at this "time—the House bill repealing the
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the House bill repeal-
ing the tenure-of-office act.
The motion was agreed to.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill ill. E.
No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, that bill
relates to a subject which has been referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. A similar
bill to this is now pending before that commit-
tee, with sundry amendments, I think at least
two .unendments; one introduced, if I recol-
lect rightly, by the Senator from \ ermont [Mr.
Edmunds] and one by the Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Williams.] 1 think, before acting
on the subject, we should have the whole mat-
ter before us, the amendments that are now
pending iu the committee, as well as this bill.
It is a matter of very considerable importance,
and should be thoroughly considered before it
is disposed of by the Senate. Whether it will
be best to repeal the lav/ absolutely, as pro-
posed by this bill, or to adopt some of the
amendments that have been suggested by Sen-
ators, is a question that is worthy of considera-
tion. I think, therefore, the better course
would be either to discharge the committee
from the further consideration of the bills and
amendments before it so as to bring the whole
subject into the Senate, or to refer this bill to
the committee that it may consider all the
propositions together, and report back some
one of the bills m such form as in their judg-
ment it may be best to recommend to the
Senate.
I think some action should be taken upon
this subject. I will state to the Senator from
Nebraska that I am in favor of early action on
the subject. The suggestion I make is not
with a view of delaying it. I think it should
be acted on at an early day. It is one of the
subjects we ought to dispose of at this session ;
and I will state further that I am favorable to
some action that will essentially change or
absolutely repeal the law. I say this that my
position may not be misunderstood. I think
the proper course, the other propositions hav-
ing been referred, is to refer this bill also and
let the committee consider the whole Subject,
and make a report in some shape for the action
of the Senate at an early day. I move, there-
fore, that the bill from the House be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THAYER. I hope that motion will
not prevail. This bill and the other bills to
which the Senator has referred have been be-
fore the Senate for some weeks. They were
considered iu the Judiciary Committee of the
last Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mis-
taken. This matter has never been considered
in the Committee on the Judiciary heretofore.
Mr. THAYER. It was considered by the
Committee on Retrenchment. I was mistaken
as to the committee, The bill was reported
back by the Committee on Retrenchment, and
I suppose if it had been the intention yesterday
to refer it it would have gone to that commit-
tee which had charge of it previously ; but the
subject has been before the Senate, has been
discussed somewhat at length, and has occu-
pied not only the attention of the. Senate but
of the country ; and as my friend from Illinois
is anxious for an early adjournment, I trust he
will unite with me now in pressing this bill on
the consideration of the Senate at this time
without a reference. Certainly there is nothing
to be accomplished by a reference of it now
when this bill and the other bills have been
discussed so much as they have been. The
amendments to which allusion has been made
can be offered here in the Senate ; and if Sen-
ators are anxious for an early adjournment I
hope they will all unite in securing the consid-
at.ion of this bill at this time without any fur-
ther delay.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this matter
has been before the Senate so often, has in fact
been so fully discussed, that there certainly can
be no necessity for referring the bill to a com-
mittee. I expect every Senator in this body
has his mind made up, and that no action of a
committee would change it. Itseems to me now
we have nothing to do but vote on it.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUND^. It would perhaps be a
little singular, unless we are in as hot haste to
deprive this body of its constitutional rights as
another body is to deprive us of them, that we
should dispose of a bill of this importance with-
out any reference and upon the same day on
which it is introduced. The Senator from
Nebraska, I think, seems to forget that this is
a subject that has engaged the serious atten-
tion of statesmen before his day and mine—■
the fathers of the Republic and their descend-
ants from time to time until now : and that it
is a question that requires consideration, even
if, as the Senator from Indiana supposes, every
Senator has a mind upon it now. I take it that
none of us would be unwilling to change oar
minds on an important subject connected with
our own rights and our own constitutionai
duties, if upon careful and friendly considera.-.
tion it would seem fit that we should do so.
I repeat this is a question of great importance,
not for to-day, not for this year, not for the
next four years, but of great importance to-.this
body and to the power of the States whom this
body represents for all time to come. And let
me remind Senators that it is a power, as the
law now exists, which, if once surrendered,
requires the assent of some future Executive
to its restoration.
Now, sir, the question is—without going into
the merits of the measure—is it fit that this
body should be so hasty to strip itself of the
constitutional exercise of the powers that by
law belong to it? It may be right that we
should do so, but is it not also right that we
should take counsel together and consider in
the usual methods of legislation, iiy reference
to and report from a committee, what ought
to be done? I think it safe to say that any
committee to whom this bil.l may be referred
will report upon it promptly, and I appeal to
Senators whose minds are made up for good
and all, as I suppose, whether it is not more
wise and more dignified to let it take the usual
course of legislation.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, we all have
a vivid recollection of the struggle we had to
procure the enactment of the tenure-of-office
act; and it is a portion of our legislative his-
tory which, I think, neither we nor the coun-
try will soon forget. It is undoubtedly true
that the immediate occasion for passing such
an act was the strange conduct of the recent
Executive in removing from office a great num-
ber of incumbents who had been appointed by
his predecessor and in his general opposition
to the policy of Congress as we enacted it in
our laws. The question of the power of the
Executive of the United States to remove from
office under the Constitution is surely a most
important one. It is one on which the coun-
try has never been perfectly united. There hss
ever been a class of very talented public men
who have held it to be the true doctrine that
the Executive does possess this power irre-
spective and independent ot legislation under
the Constitution of the United States; while, on
the other hand, there has been a class equally
talented, equally profound m their knowledge
of law, equally patriotic, equally deserving of
the respect of the country, who have held the
opposite doctrine; or, in other words, have
held that the whole question of the power of
removal from office, the whole question of
the tenure of office under the Constitution, and
all the incidents of that tenure were proper
subjects of legislation by Congress. The pres-
ent tenure-of-office act was enacted upon the
latter principle. I think myself that the coun-
try thus far has acquiesced in that legislation;
that is. a large majority of the people of all
classes of the United States have regarded the
tenure-of-office act as a salutary, not to say
under the circumstances that have passed, an
indispensable act.
Now, sir, considering its magnitude, consid-
ering the intrinsic importance of the proposi-
tion before us to repeal that act, it appears to
me that we ought to act with due caution;
that we ought t,o proceed slowly, carefully, and
cautiously, and have the question examined by
the best committee that this body possesses for
such a purpose, and a formal, ample, thorough
report made to this body upon the whole sub-
ject. I would therefore, for one, most urgently
ask the Senate to have this bill referred to the
proper commit tee of the body in order to obtain
from them theirviewsin aformal,solemn report.
1 am not for acting hastily on this great meas-
ure. It is one upon which there ought to be
no haste, and as to which there is no occasion,
call, or necessity for haste, in my judgment
I think myself, as I have heretofore said,
