44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcb 10,
that the power of regulating removals from
office belongs to Congress under tbe Consti-
tution ; anil if the early statutes enacted by
Congress on this subject had recognized that
power in Congress we should never have had
so much trouble, so much vexation as the coun-
try has experienced on account of removals
from office. I hope the bill will be referred and
amply considered. If we have time to delib-
erate upon anything, if it be our duty to delib-
erate upon anything, it seems to me that this
is one of the measures, to say the least, demand-
ing our most cautious and careful deliberation.
For one, sir, I announce it here, with all pos-
sible respect to those who may happen to differ
from me, that I do not feel like surrendering
to the Executive of the United States, whoever
he may be, this most conservative power, which
by the Constitution, I think, is lodged in Con-
gress, and I hope we shall be careful how we
yield again this great point.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Without at all discussing
the merits of this bill at this time I object to
any extraordinary course with reference to it.
I think it is a bill that needs discussion and
deliberation, because it is one that passed the
House of Representatives without any con-
sideration under tbe previous question. It
comes here at this time, and to undertake to
pass it now in the Senate without adhering to
the usages of this body, it seems to me, would
be a most remarkable course to be pursued.
Objection is made to the reference of this
bill on the ground that it has heretofore been
discussed in the Senate. Now, sir, several
bills have been introduced during this session
that were fully discussed in both branches of
Congress, and passed both branches, but failed
because the Executive did not approve them,
and yet they have been referred to their ap-
propriate committees without any objection
from any source, because this is a new session,
and there are members of the Senate now who
were not here at the last session of Congress,
and who may feel sotr.e interest in the question
that is now pending before the Senate. Con-
sidering the magnitude of this question, the
attention which it has attracted throughout the
country, and the controversy through which
the act that this bill proposes to repeal passed
at the time of its enactment, it seems to me
that the Senate owes it to itself to proceed
with decency at least in the consideration of
this measure.
A bill was introduced at the last session pro-
posing to repeal the tenure-of-office act. It
was referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment. That committee reported an amend-
ment which has never been considered in the
Senate, and probably this bill would now be
referred to that committee again if it was in
existence; but there is no other committee now
to which it can be referred except the Judiciary
Committee. Since the commencement of this
session a bill has been introduced to repeal the
tenure-ofoffice act, to which an amendment
has been offered; and that bill and amendment
have been referred to the Judiciary Committee i
and are now in the hands of that committee, j
Without waiting for any action on the part of
that committee, without allowing them to ex- '
press their opinion or make any report upon
a subject in their hands, it is proposed to take
up this bill the very day it is brought in here
from the House and, without adopting the usual
course that is pursued in reference to all bills,
pass it as though it was a matter of no sort of
significance, as though it was some little insig-
nificant bill in which the people of this country
took no interest whatever. That it is a bill of
consequence is evidenced by the fact that the
Legislative Assemblies of the different States
are passing resolutions in reference to it, and
the people are discussing it in their conven-
tions, and the newspapers are discussing it.
In view of such considerations it seems to
me, at any rate, that this bill might be allowed
to take the usual course and go to the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary. I have no idea that
that committee will hesitate to make a report
in proper time* and it may be of advantage to
some of the members of the Senate to have the
views of that very able committee upon the
constitutional questions involved in this act as
well as upon the question of expediency in-
volved. I hope, therefore, that this bill will
take the usual course of other bills.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, why does
the Senate appoint committees? I understand
that it is to elicit facts, such facts as may be
necessary to enlighten the consciences and
understandings of Senators, to enable them to
perform their duties here as the representatives
of the States. For that purpose the committees
have been organized; and no man has been a
greater stickler for the proper observance of
the rules in regard to the reference of all prop-
ositions that come before us than I have been
since I have been a member of this body. But
here is a case that does not come within the
rule, and in such cases we have always deviated
from it. Does any man pretend that there is
a Senator here who does not thoroughly under-
stand this question, and just as thoroughly un-
derstand it as the Judiciary Committee do?
Are there any facts within the reach of the
Judiciary Committee that are not known as
well to every member of this body? Has not
this whole subject been thoroughly discussed
in this body aud through the country for the
last two years, and is it not fully understood ?
Why, then, shall we refer ic to the Judiciary
Committee, where it may be retained for dis-
cussion in that august and able and learned
body for the next six weeks or. six months ?
This bill, or one similar to it, was sent to us
in the early days of the last session. I will not
say by a system of procrastination, but through
various methods its passage was prevented dur-
ing the last session of Congress. It was under
discussion. We all understood that discussion.
We all knew the arguments, pro and con, in
relation to the bill. It comes to us again in
the same way from the House of Representa-
tives. But it is said by the Senator from Ore-
gon that a similar bill has been already referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and an ac-
companying amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has gone
to the Judiciary Committee with it. Cannot
that amendment be rewritten ? Is it not within
reach ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Re-
trenchment., I said.
Mr. GRIMES. Can it not be proposed here
in the Senate? Is there anything in relation
to that amendment that I am not as capable
of judging of as the members of the Judiciary
Committee are? We send a question of this
kind to the Judiciary Committee in order that
tiiey may look up what are the past statutes,
what are the precedents on the subject. Are
they not familiar to every one of us? Is there
any member of that committee any more en-
lightened or afiy better informed than we are
on the subject? Then why should we not act
upon it?
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. President, in com-
moil with a large majority of the people of the
United States 1 have the fullest confidence in
the ability, integrity, and patriotism of the
present President of the United Stages. His
distinguished services to the country and the
large support accorded to his candidacy in the
several States of the Union demand that he
shall come to the discharge of his duties unfet-
tered by any preventive legislation. I am
anxious that he should enjoy every power be-
longing to any of his predecessors, believing
that such is the verdict of the people at the
recent election and the due meed of his char-
acter and services. I desire to accord to the
President the full exercise of the presidential
authority and let him bear the responsibility
before the people. If future experience should
demonstrate that the former adjustmentof the
relative powers of the President and Senate
is incorrect let the duty of readjustment be left
to future time and future experience. At pres-
ent this question is to me a question of confi-
dence ; and as I share the confidence of the
people in Q-eneral Grant to its fullest and most
unlimited extent I shall vote for the uncondi-
tional repeal of the tenure-of-office act.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is suggested by all Sen-
ators that this is an important bill, and I mos>t
checrfully concur in that sentiment: and for
myself, important as it may be, I believe I am
prepared at this time to vote for the uncon-
ditional repeal of the civil-tenure act; but
while such is my position, I am quite sure that
the bill ought to be referred to its appropriate
committee. A third part very nearly of this
body is now constituted of new members, who
have not had the benefit of the discussions to
which gentlemen have so frequently referred ;
and for that, if for no other reason, it should
be referred to a committee that it may reach
us in the ordinary channels. Itisan important
bill, sir. Hence the greater importance the
more imminent the necessity of referring it to
a committee.
But, sir, I take it, from casual interviews with
Senators, that it is well known in this body
that there are differences of opinion on this
question. There are those like myself who are
willing to vote for the unconditional repeal of
the act in question. There are other Senators
who wish, not for an unconditional repeal, but
for a comprehensive modification of the law.
Now, sir, I submit if there are those who desire
to retain any features of that law whether it is
not much wiser and much more appropriate to
refer the bill to a committee where an amend-
ment embodying the views of such Senators
as desire to modify the law may be prepared
and presented here under the care and sanc-
tion of a committee and under the delibera-
tion of a committee than to receive the amend-
ments of individual members who are unwill-
ing to repeal the law unconditionally, but yet
seek to modify it. Let us have the benefit of
the investigation of that committee ; and if
there are to be modifications of the law, if any
portions of the law are to be retained, let those
portions so recommended for retention be pre-
sented to us by a committee, which can much
better consider such matters than we can con-
sider it here in so large a body as this. There
is a general rule, in my judgment, which ought
to apply to all cases; it ought certainly to
appiy to this case: two much haste will not
make as much speed as more deliberation. I
believe, sir, that it is the wisest course; it is
in accordance with the theory and the practice
of your body; and I think we shall reach a final
conclusion upon this question much more sat-
isfactory to the Senate and at an earlier day by
allowing it to take its ordinary course and the
course that has been taken on all other bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I have expected at the
proper time to vote for the repeal of this ten-
ure-of-office act; but I confess the force of the
argument made by the Senator (rom Maine,
and I think the bill ought to go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to be considered. We
have got in part a new committee now. It is
possible they will not make the same report
that the other committee did; I do not know.
I have never yet seen any progress made by
hurrying things. I think we had better do
what we do with great deliberation and care.
When we yield a compliance to every rule of
the Senate in reference to reporting bills from
committees I believe we progress faster and
better. I shall support the motion to iefer
with the expectation that we shall have an
early report; and unless some better reasons
than I have yet heard can be assigned I shall
vote to repeal the act.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President., this is a
question that has been before the Senate for
some time, and to my mind it is a very plain
question whether we shall repeal this tenure-
of-office act, or "whether it shall stand, or
whether there shall be an amendment to it.
As for myself, I am prepared to-day to vote
for the unconditional repeal of that law, be-
lieving as I do that every man who is appointed
to office should be responsible to the President
of the United States. 1 believe that there
should be a head to this Government; aud
that if he appoints corrupt, bad men he should
