1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
rebel influences, that loyal citizens will be sub-
jected to great discomfiture, and that a repub-
lican government, in the justsense of the term,
cannot be oiganized ; wherefore they proceed
to ask that Congress will take this subject into
most careful consideration, and will provide a
provisional government for the protection of
loyal citizens through the security of public
property and the safeguard of republican insti-
tutions. In their memorial they set forth the
details of the government that they ask to have
created, i move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
David J. Millard. praying the payment of a
balance due him on a contract with the Gov-
ernment for the manufacture of sabers ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of B.
F. Dowell and others, praying payment for the
services of two companies of Oregon volun-
teers to suppress Indian hostilities in 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of
Oliver Evans Wood, who calls attention to a
large accumulation of dead letters in the postal
exchanges with Europe, and proposes a plan
to remedy the same. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads; and as it contains some very val-
uable suggestions I move that it bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
George Wright, asking for remuneration for
the use of his patent linch pin, adopted by the
War Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. HOWARD presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an ap-
propriation for the deepening of the St. Mary's
halls ship-canal ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He aiso presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of the erection of
a light-house at the mouth of the Manistee
river, in that Stale ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions ofciti-
zi ns of Massachusetts, praying that a recipro-
city treaty may be made with the Dominion of
Canada and the British Noith American prov-
viucesj which wen- refeired to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of .T. War-
ren Hutt. praying the removal of fiis political
disabilities : which w as ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. IIOWE. I n'-k leave to present the
memorial of George Catlin, an artist, who rep
resents that he is tiie author of a work on
Indian life, manners, and history, which has
been published in Loudon : that the sale of it
has been seriously injured by reason of the
patronage bestowed bj the Government of the
United States on another work of which Mr.
Schoolcraft was the author. He now asks as
a matter of justice to him that the Govern-
ment should subscribe j'or copies enough of
the work which he published to place it in the
public libraries and institutions where the
work of Mr. Schoolcraft has been placed. The
memorial is accompanied by some books illus-
trating the work. I move the reference of the
subject to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND RMERRKD.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Horace
lauery, on tiio files ot the Senate, bo referred to the
C.'Hnmittoe on Patents.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Onltred. That, the petition and papers of Isaiah
Walker, on the files ot the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Ciaims.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James
Trave--s, on the files of the Seuate.be referred to the
Commute* on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 47) for
the relief of S. and H. Sayles, reported it with
an amendment, and subintited a report; which
was-ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
24) for the reorganization of the Navy of the
United States, reported it with amendments.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution
(S. R. No. 8) for the relief of settlers upon the
absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 40) to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled by steam, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 77) for the preservation of the harbors and
navigable rivers of the United States against
encroachments, reported it without amend-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
104) to grant two million acres of public lands
for the benefit of public schools in the District
of Columbia ; which was tead twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. lOo)
for the removal of certain disabilities from the
persons therein named ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 10G) authorizing the Southern Minnesota
Railroad Company to connect their line with
the Northern Pacific railroad; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimons
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 107) to extend to the mouth of the Colum-
bia river the land grant heretofore made for a
railroad in Oregon ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOLasked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 108)
lor the improvement of the postal service by
dispensing with the test-oath at certain offices;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 109) to revive in part the grant of lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Selma to Gadsden, ir. the State of Alabama,
by an act of Congress approved June 8, 1856,
and to confirm the same to the Selma, Dalton.
and Rome Railroad Company ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 110)
for the improvement of the Kansas river, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBET! asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. Ill) to establish a department of Indian
affairs: which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 112)
toaid in theconstruction of the Oregon Branch
Pacific railroad; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and .ordered to be primed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce*® bill (S. No. 113)
to encourage, facilitate, and establish interna-
tional telegraphic communication ; which was
read twice bv its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
114) to enforce the fourteenth article of amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States •
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Commitfee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 115) relating to telegraphic communica-
tion between the United States and foreign
countries; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 17) authorizing the sale of
the Chattanooga rolling-mill property at Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee, to the Southwestern Iron
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 18) for the relief
of William B. Whiting, a captain, formerly a
commander in the Navy of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY' asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 10) enabling actual set-
tlers to purchase certain lands of the Great
and Little Osage Indians ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 20) in relation to light-
houses on the coast of Oregon ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the resolu-
tion lie on the table ; I propose to call it up
very soon.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF AS ERROR IN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House resolu-
tion No. 1. to correct an error in the enroll-
ment of an appropriation bill at the last session.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 1) to supply an omission
in the enrollment of the act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
18G9, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
VENEZUELA CLAIMS.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Eeiohed, That the Secretary of State be requested
to inform the Senate, if compatible with the publio
interest, whether the Government of Venezuela has
paid the first installment due to American citizens
under the awaid recently made by the mixed com-
mission of the two Governments.
There being no objection the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire to whom that
is addressed?
Mr. MORTON. To the Secretary of State.
Mr. SUMNER. It should be addressed to
the President.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I will make
that modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
