1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
here that it is exceedingly doubtful, in view of
the very decided expression of the other branch
of Congress, whether this bill can be passed
unless it embraces this second section; and
while' the section may not produce any partic-
ular good, I do not see that it will be produc-
tive of any particular harm, for it simply
affirms that certain contracts specified in the
section shall be valid. I do not quite agree
with the Senator from California in his position
that because the section contains the word
"hereafter," providingfor contracts hereafter
to be made, any implication arises that con-
tracts heretofore made are invalid.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question? When this second sec-
tion affirms that contracts hereafter made spe-
cifically payable in coin, and the consideration
of which may be a loan of coin, shall be valid,
is it not equivalent to an affirmation that con-
tacts hereafter made specifically payable in
coin the consideration of which is currency
shall not be valid?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Iam notnow discussing
that point. I was simply endeavoring to ex-
plain my views upon the position assumed by
the Senator from California. I understand the
law to be well settled that an act of Congress
is not to have a retroactive effect, unless it i3
so expressly provided or unless it follows by
necessary implication. All contracts made
prior to the enactment of this law must be
governed by the law in existence at the time
the contracts were made. Laws in existence
become a part of the contract, a part of the
obligation of the contract; and this statute
would not be construed by any court to impair
the obligation of any antecedent contract un-
less there were in it provisions necessarily com-
pelling tlie court to reach that conclusion. As-
suming that it has been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States that all contracts
heretofore made payable in coin are valid and
binding contracts, 1 undertake to say that that
court would not construe this section as in any
way invalidating or affecting those contracts,
because it expressly provides that its operation
shall be infuturo and that it shall not have a
retrospective operation ; and of course it could
not with that construction put upon it, which
would be a necessary construction, affect ex-
isting contracts.
11 provides that certain contracts made here-
af'iei, specifically payable in coin, shall be valid
and binding ; and the contracts are designated
by the different considerations. A contract
the consideration of which is a loan of coin
shall be a valid contract; a contract for the
sale of property shall be a valid contract; a
contract for the rendering of labor or service
of any kind shall be a valid contract. These
three classes of contracts, if made payable spe-
cifically in coin, shall be valid, and it is prob-
able that the implication would arise—and I
have no doubt that is the intention of those who
framed this section and who insist that it shall
be a part of the bill—that the section does re-
strict the validity of such contracts to those
made upon the considerations specified in the
section.
The objection made to a general provision
providing that all contracts made specifically
payable in coin shall be valid is that it would
enable the creditors in the country nt this time
to take advantage of the necessities of the
debtors and compel them to execute contracts
hereafter payable in coin when the contracts
at this time are payable in currency; and the
object of this section, as I understand it, is to
prevent the creditor class of the country from
oppressing the debtor class by requiring any
such contracts. It provides that all contracts
of this description that shall hereafter be held
to be valid shall be contracts founded upon
certain considerations. No contract for the
loan of currency where the borrower agrees to
pay specifically in coin would probably be held
valid under this section; but the contract to
be valid must be a contract made where the
money borrowed is coin; and so in reference to
the other considerations named in the section.
I would much prefer the section if it was
more explicit in its provisions, if it declared
unequivocally that these and no other con-
tracts should be valid or binding ; or I would
be content, so far as I am individually con-
cerned, to have the section stricken out of the
bill. I do not regard it as of any considerable
value, so far as I am concerned; but it was.
adopted by the Committee on Finance, having
been sanctioned hy both branches of Congress
at the last session, and it was supposed Con-
gress would adhere to its former decision on
the subject, and for that reason the report is
made. I shall not be particularly dissatisfied
if the section is stricken out; but itis my opin-
ion that in order to save the first section, which
is of such great value, it will be necessary to
include the second section of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am not
perfectly familiar with the decision of the Su-
preme Court on this subject. It is manifest
that the committee in drafting this second sec-
tion intended to impose some restrictions upon
the capacity of parties to enter into contracts
payable in coin. This clause authorizes such
contracts to be entered into only in three cases.
The first is where the consideration of the con-
tract is a loan of coin. That we understand
perfectly well. The second is where there is
a sale of property or there has been a rendition
of services, the value of either of which has
been settled by the parties upon the coin basis
or standard. It does not relate to the renewal
or novation of a contract which has already
expired; for instance, it would not apply, as I
suppose, to a case in which the original loan
had been in currency and the contract had
expired and become due. I take it that in
such'acase as that it would not be competent,
even under this statute, for the parties to agree
to make that old contract which had expired
a gold contract.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will suspend his remarks to enable
a message to be received from the President
of the United States.
i Mr. Horace Porter appeared below the bar
■' and delivered several messages, of an execu-
tive character, from thePresidentofthe United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. And so of any other kind
of contracts not expressly mentioned in the
section. I do not wish to discuss the question
as to the power of Congress to prescribe any
rules or regulations in regard to the validity of
contracts entered into in ihc States ; but I must
confess that I am rather inclined to the opin-
ion that so far as the States are concerned Con-
gress has no authority under the Constitution
to make such a rule as this which is expressed
in the second section. It appears to me rather
that the whole business of contracts, as we'll
as a thousand other matters of a domestic
nature, is reserved to the State Legislatures
to be regulated by State law. I will not, how
ever, undertake to discuss that question. It
is one of great doubt as well as of great im-
portance. But as it seems to be the disposition
of the committee to impose restrictions on the
general authority of parties to enter into con-
tracts, I beg to offer as an amendment., to come
in at the end of this section, the following pro-
viso ; and I commend it to the attention of
Senators as a means of introducing more cer-
tainty and exactness into the contracts con-
templated by the section:
Provided, That such contract shall be in writing
sittned by the paity to be bound thereby, and shall
expressly set rorth that it is payable in coin.
These requirements are not contained in the
section as it now stands. The section does
not require the contract to be in writing ; it
may rest in parol and be subject to all the un-
certainties attending parol contracts It is as
much exposed to those uncertainties as the old
coutracts were that became the subject of the
statute of frauds. I venture to offer this as an
amendment to the section ; it seems to me it
will improve it.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro- i
ceedto the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after half an
hour spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
adjournment to monday. ■
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that that motion is not in order at
present, except by unanimous consent, there
being a bill pending before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit that motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS and others objected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move, then, to postpone
the further consideration of the bill before the
Senate with a view of making that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I wish to make
one remark explanatory of my calling for the
yeas and nays. We are considering a bill here
which has been passed once, and it is a very
important bill. Suppose we reach the hour
of adjournment to-day and take no vote ; and
to-morrow, by being here a little while, we
could take a vote. Leaving out of view all
other business is it worth while now for us, at
this hour, to say that when we adjourn to-day
we shall adjourn to meet on Monday ; so that,
no matter how much we may want to be here
to-morrow, we shall not be able to be here?
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wn,sox,] who says in an undertone that
v e ought to be here every day attending to
our business until we dispose of it; but cer-
tainly with a bill of this sort pending, which I
hope we can dispose of to-day, but certainly
to-morrow, I see no reason why, without any
occasion, we should adjourn over.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator certainly knows
that we do business outside of the Senate
Chamber, which is just as pressing upon us as
our business here.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know about
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Min-
nesota wants to adjourn over in order to go
around and get offices for somebody, I advise
him to posipose that for a week or two, until
the Cabinet is settled.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no such intention,
I will inform the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no doubt that
appeals of that kind are made. I will state
that, in addition to the pending bill, there is
another bill which should be acted upon at the
present session, and is now ready to be acted
on : that is, the bill for the redistribution of
the banking circulation; and I am in hopes
that we shall sit here every day until we get
through our business and go home. I am vpry
anxious to go back to Ohio, and get out of
Washington as soon as possible. I shall there-
fore vote against any adjournment over.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Boreman. Carpenter. Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cragin, Fenton, Harris, Howard,
Howe. JlcCreery, Not ton, Pomeroy, Poo), Pratt,
Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Seott, Spencer,
Sprague. Stockton, Sumner. Thurmau, lipton. Trum-
bull, Yiekers, and Yates—29.
XAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cattell, Cole,
Conkimir, Corbott, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessen-
den, Gilbert, Grimes Hamlin, Harlan, Kellogg, Mc-
Donald, Morrill, Morton, Osborn, lliuo. Sherman,
Thayer. Warner, Willey, and Williams—25.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Anthony. Buckingham, Game-
rou, Davis, Fowler, Nye, Patterson, Saulsbury,
Schurj, Stewart, and Wilson—11.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 28, noes 22.
public credit.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of Senate bill No. 66.
