50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole,resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (8. No. 56) to strengthen
the public credit, and relating to contracts for
the payment of coin, the pending question
being on the amendment to the second section
proposed by Mr. Howard, to add as a proviso:
Provided, That, such contract shall be in writing,
signed by the party to be bound threby. and shall
expressly set forth that it is payable in coin.
Mr. HOWARD. As I remarked before, the
object of that amendment is to guard against
fraud and perjury in the enforcement of gold
contracts. It is a provision analogous to the
statute of frauds. It will have the effect, if it
is adopted, to require every such contract to
be reduced to writing and signed by the parties,
and the terms of the written contract itself to
be such as to leave no mistake or misappre-
hension as to the intention of the parties. It
will shut the door against false testimony as to
the agreement between the parties to the con-
tract, by reducing it to writing so that it may be
clearly understood by the parties and by the
court. I think there can be no objection to
such a clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is adding a statute of
frauds to this short section. If the Senator
wishes to accomplish the object all he has to do
is to insert the word "written" before "con-
tract;" so as to read: "any written contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin."
I-shall make no objection to that.
• Mr. HOWARD. Very well. I am anxious
to have the contract in writing so that the par-
ties to it may understand it; but even that will
not cure the defect in the present section. The
section does not require it to be stated in the
contract itself, if I understand it, that it is
payable in coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. The word " spe-
cifically" is as good a legal word as my friend
can coin for that purpose, I think. The lan-
guage is: "any contract hereafter made spe-
cifically payable in coin." If you introduce
the word " written," that covers the Senator's
point.
Mr: HOWARD. Very well; I accept that
suggestion, and beg to change my amendment
so as to propose to insert the word "written"
before the word "contract," if that is satis-
factory to the chairman of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan withdraws his former amend-
ment and moves now to insert the word 11 writ-
ten" before the word "contract."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to strike out the
second section.
Mr. PRATT. I move the following amend-
ment to the section
And provided further. That such contracts shall
not be valid until the Government shall redeem its
United States notes in coin.
I do not propose to debate the amendment.
I offer it simply in compliance, as I under-
stand, with the purpose and intent of a joint
resolution adopted by the General Assembly
of the State of Indiana, which reads as fol-
lows:
"Be it Tesohed by the General Assembly of the State
of inaiana, That our senators in Congress be in-
structed and our Representatives requested to oppose
fu thcu influence X,otes the passage of any bill
that snail specially localize coin contracts until the
United states shall redeem its Treasury notes in coin,
and oppose the -enactment of any law which shall
iiave the efreet to reduce the present volume of paper
money m use among the people of the United States."
The amendment was rejected.
Hie VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to strike out the second section.
.Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I consider
this section as probably the most mischievous
part of the bill. I think that it could fairly be
entitled "an act to emasculate the decisions
oftheSupreme Court." It will tend to foment
litigation and unsettle questions more than auy
act which could possibly be devised. Sub-
stantially the Supreme Court of the United
States have left men free to form their con-
tracts as they will, either in gold or in paper.
That is the effect of judicial interpretation.
That has been settled by that department of
our Government which is entitled to consider
and settle such questions.
This section of the bill quite as much as the
first section, in my opinion, is open to the ob-
jection of being an attempt to interpret laws by
a body whose function does not lie in that di-
rection. It is legislative interpretation, which
never was and never ought to be authoritative
upon any law except, perhaps, that which the
Legislature is passing at the time. It never
should be admitted that the legislative branch
of this Government is to exercise the right of
interpreting past laws. However much entitled
to respect the opinions of individual Senators
may be, no court would permit such legislative
interpretation to affect a contract in the past.
But here, sir, the people of the country, hav-
ing received an adjudication from that branch
of the Government entitled to weight, respect,
and obedience, may rest in security; men may
frame their contracts with a clear understand-
ing of their results, but pass the bill and you
will have the consideration of contracts inquired
into, and, to use the language of this section,
you will have the inquiry made whether they
have been adjusted upon the basis of coin.
1 think, sir, that this section will only make
glad the hearts of those men whose profits are
derived from public litigation. I think it will
destroy inagneat measure that certainty which
it should be the object of all legislators as well
as judges to reach. Now that the country has the
authoritative decision of the branch entitled to
make it, that coin contracts are lawful and that
they can be sustained and will be enforced, I
think that is all we need. This section not only
would give no force to that decision, but it would
unsettle it and throw it open to question here-
after. Peace and certainty ought to be the ends
of litigation as well as legislation. I think this
section tends in a great degree to destroy both;
and if the business men of the country, those
interested in this very class of contracts, could
understand the nature and effect and meaning
of this section, such expressions reach the ears
of gentlemen in Congress that they would not
hesitate to vote against it. Therefore, sir, I,
opposing this bill upon other grounds, possibly
to be hereafter mentioned, certainly shall favor
the striking out of this section.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the reading of
the section as amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That any written
contract hereafter made specifically payable in coin,
and the consideration of which may be a loan of coin
or a sale of property or the rendering-of labor or
service ot any kind, the price of which as carried into
the contract may have been adjusted on the basis of
the com value thereof at the time of such sale or the
rendering of such service or labor, shall be legal and
valid and may be enforced according to its terms.
Mr. STE WART. I see a good deal of trouble
and difficulty about this section. I think it is
going to embarrass the transaction of business
in the making of contracts.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind the Senator
that there is a motion now pending to strike
it -out.
Mr. S fEWART. I am aware of that, but
I wish to make a remark or two upon it. I
have been very much in favor of a gold con-
tract law, and have voted on every occasion
when 1 buve had an opportunity to do so for
such a law ; and if such a law could be enacted
now in simple form, so as not to embarrass the
business of the country and open a field of
litigation, I should be very glad to vote for it.
If this section could be amended so as to read j
thus: "that any contract made specifically;'
payable in coin shall be legal and valid, and I
may be enforced according to its terms," I i
should be in favor of it. But the section as it !
now stands contains an invitation to inquire i
into the consideration of ail contracts. It will j
involve the country in litigation, and will be
especially injurious, I think, upon the" Pacific I
coast,where the business has always been done '
on the coin basis. It will invite litigation into
the consideration of contracts and .raise new
questions that will embarrass the business of
the country.
I tbink the decision of the Supremo Court
that contracts may be enforced as they are
made will tend to relieve business from the
embarrassment that was supposed to-exist by
the legal-tender act. I never could understand
why we should make it unlawful for a person
to buy gold to pay duties with and at the same
time require him to pay duties in gold. I never
could understand how anybody in the world
was benefited by hampering contracts as the
law as it formerly stood was supposed to em-
barrass them. I never could see any virtue in
that law, but the Supreme Court have given it
such a construction that I do not think it will
be as injurious as the present proposition. If
the section is still open to amendment I should
like to offer an amendment and take the seuse
of the Senate upon the plain proposition of
allowing people to make their own contracts
without embarrassment. I inquire of the Chair
if it is still in order to offer an amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is open to
amendment. The motion to strike out is held
in abeyance as long as any motion to amend
is made to perfect the words proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. STEWART. I move, then, to amend
the section by striking out in the second line
the word "hereafter," and in the same line by
striking out all after the word "coin" down to
and including the word "labor"in the seventh
line, in the following words:
And tEe consideration of which may be a loan of
coin or a sale of property or a rendering of labor or
service of any kind, the price of which as carried into
the contract may have been adjusted on the basis of
the coin value thereof at the time of such sale or the
rendering of such service or labor.
So that the section will read:
That any contract made specifically payablein coin
shall be legal and valid and may been forced accord-
ing to its terms.
I think that will embarrass no one and will
be in accordance with the decision of the Su-
preme Court. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that plain proposition. If the
section is to be trammeled with an invitation
to litigation, to inquire into the original con-
sideration, to determine what contracts peo-
ple may make and what they may not make,
I think it will be injurious, and I shall vote
against the whole of it. I should like the yeas
and nays on this question of allowing the peo-
ple to make their own contracts to be paid in
gold according to their terms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator in the first instance demand a vote by yeas
and nays or a vote by count ?
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have a
vote by yeas and nays, because it is a very im-
portant question. I propose to leave out the
word "written."
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The only way in
which the Senator can arrive at that, as that
word has been specifically inserted, is to move
his proposed amendment as a substitute for
the section, which will then strike out other
words besides that which has been inserted.
Mr. STEWART. I will take the sense of
the Senate on the proposition with that word
in as it stands first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
allows the word " written'' to remain in, and
therefore the proposition will stand simply as
an amendment.
_ Mr. SUMNER. Some question has arisen
m the course of this debate with regard to the
decision of the Supreme Court. Senators
have attributed to it different meanings. For
instance, as I understand, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] restrains it to contracts
made anterior to the legal-tender act. I know
that one or two of the judges so limited the
decision, but L never understood that such
was the opinion of a majority of the court.
Since I made my motion 1 have received from
the Supreme Court room a copy of the de>
cision, and now hnve it in my hands.
