1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such a defense or not, and you would have the
country full of law-suits of that character at
once, and various other law-suits that I can con-
ceive of. Will any lawyer pretend to say that
an innocent holder of a negotiab'e note can
have it set up against him that the considera-
tion was not a loan of coin or the sale of prop-
erty? The Senator from Ohio very properly
says that innocent purchasers without notice
hold negotiable instruments free from all these
embarrassments. I think that would be true.
Then of how much use is this clause? Cannot
men make all their paper negotiable where
they make their contracts? How much pro-
tection will it be, then, to the debtor class ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the way now if
the Senator chooses to give me his note now
for $1,000 without any consideration and X
transfer it.
Mr. STEWART. So I understand the law.
Then it is no protection whatever so far as
negotiable paper is concerned. It is merely
a blind; and in regard to such paper, where
this defense can be set up, it will simply involve
law-suits; it will trammel trade; and it does
seem to me that the decision of the Supreme
Court has gone far to relieve the debtor class
to enable them to compound with their credit-
ors and agree to pay in gold and be prepared
for the day of resumption.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that in-
stead of making haste to restrict the decision
of the Supreme Court we ought to wait a short
time and see the etfect of that decision upon
the country. We may leave it open and let
the various States make their contracts in coin
if they choose or in legal-tender notes. It has
always been left to the States to decide what
is usury and what is not usury. In my opin-
ion if a contract is made now payable in gold
and the maker of the obligation sets up thatit
was usurious, that the other party only fur-
nished him with legal-tender notes, that is a
question for the State courts to decide. Let the
State courts decide what are usurious contracts
and cases of usury as they have always done,
and let the contracts be made as they can be
accordingtothedecision oftheSupreme Court,
either in coin or in currency, as the parties
choose. By striking out the second section
that question is left entirely open to every State.
What is usurious in New York would uot be
usurious in Oregon. There we allow a greater
rate of interest than they do in New York.
Our rate of interestis ten per cent, per annum :
in New York it is seven per cent. Let each
State decide that question for itself. Where
money is scarce, where trade is profitable, a
larger rate of interest can be collected. I de-
sire to leave this question entirely with the
various States as it always has been left here-
tofore. Then it resolves itself back simply to
the question of contracts made in coin or legal-
tender notes. Let parties make them as they
choose, and as to that question of usury let us
leave it where it has always been left hereto-
fore. I hope therefore we shall strike out this
second section. I see no harm to result from
striking it out. The ruling established by the
decision made by the Supreme Court has ex-
isted in the States on the Pacific coast for the
past seven years. We have legal-tender notes
in circulation there, and parties make contracts
payable in legal tenders or in gold as they
choose. We have found that it has worked
well, that it has tended to keep the coin in the
country ; and it will assist this portion of the
country eventually to return to specie payments
whenever you inaugurate the system of coin
contracts, which you do by leaving it just as
the Supreme Court hasalready decided. Iam
therefore in favor of striking out the second
section entirely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment, offered by the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to strike out the second section
of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall vote for the strik-
ing out of this proposition, as I am told that
if the second section is stricken out it will be
difficult to secure the passage of the bill in the
House of Representatives; but without express-
ing any other opinion about it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to in-
flict upon the Senate a speech on the merits
of this bill ; but as a matter of justice to myself
I wish to explain the ground of the votes I shall
give on this bill.
The decision oftheSupreme Court was made
upon a contract which was entered into before
the passage of the legal-tender act, and the
court simply held as matter in judgment that
that contract called for gold and that they
would render a judgment upon it payable in
gold ; but the reasoning of the court covers
the whole case; and that is that where any
contract is entered into payable in coin the
courts will enforce it as such. Thi§ section
seems to me to accomplish nothing. Here are
two classes of contracts, that class specified
in the section and all other classes. The
common law, as declared by the Supreme
Court, says that all these contracts shall be
valid. This section, by simply saying that one
class shall be valid without employing negative
words applicable to the other class, accom-
plishes nothing. It affirms only a part of the
decision of the Supreme Court, which needs
no affirmance at our hands, and does not neg-
ative the conclusion of the Supreme Court as
to the other contracts. I shall therefore vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Nevada
to strike out the words moved by him to be
stricken out. When that is accomplished the
section will then say just what the Supreme
Court has said ; and I shall vote to strike out
the whole section for that reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on striking out the second section. The
amendment of the Senator from Nevada was
decided in the negative.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLEY. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Mc-
Cbeery.] If he were here 1 should vote "nay."
Mr. COLE, (after voting in the affirmative.)
I ask leave to withdraw my vote. I am paired
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.] If he were here he would vote against
striking out the section and I would vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks leave to withdraw his
vote. The Chair hears no objection.
The result was aunounced—yeas 28, nays
15 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Oonkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry. Fei-senden,
Gilhert, Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Norton, Nye,
Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Wilson—2S,
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott. Anthony. Brownlow,
Drake, Grimes, Haml'n. Morrill, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Warner, and
Williams—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham,Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler,
Harlan, Howard, Howe. McCreery, Pomeroy, Pool,
Rice, Saulsbury, Spencer, Thayer, Tipton, WUley,
and Yates—22.
So the motion to strike outthe second section
was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it in order now to
move to amend the first section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. I find, Mr. President,
that there is some diversity of opinion as to
the scope of this section. Some Senators sup-
pose it contains no pledge to pay what are
usually called the five-twenty bonds in coin :
others suppose that it covers those bonds. In
order to ascertain distinctly the view of the
Senate upon that question I offer the following
proviso to that section, and upon it I ask for
the yeas and nays:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
apply to the obligations commonly called five-twenty
bonds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio,
and upon which he asks for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I am paired on all questions on
this bill that may arise during his absence
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.] I would have voted for this amend-
ment and he would have voted against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bavard, Boreman, Casserly,Mor-
ton, Norton, Osborn, Pratt, Ross, Sprague, Stockton,
Thurman, and Vickers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fenton,
Ferry, Gilbert, Grimes, Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Warner, Williams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham. Cameron. Cattell,
Chandler. Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, McCreery, Pomeroy, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Thayer, Wil-
ley, and Yates—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the first
section by striking out in the twelfth and thir-
teenth lines the words "authorizing the issue
of any such obligation." As the section now
reads it excepts from the obligation to pay in
coin "except in eases where the law authoriz-
ing the issue of any such obligation has ex-
pressly provided that the same may be paid in
lawful money or other currency than gold and
silver."
The only exception is where the la.w author-
izing the issue of the particular obligation ex-
pressly'makes it payable in currency or other
money than gold and silver. By striking out
the words that 1 propose it will read thus:
And of all the interest-bearing obligations of the
United States, except in cases where the law has ex-
pressly provided tbatthesamemaybe paid in lawful
money or other currency than gold and silver.
So that if there is any law outside of the
one creating the obligation that authorizes cer-
tain obligations to be paid in currency they
shall be excepted. This section makes no
exception now except where the law creating
the obligation provides that it shall be paid in
currency ; but by striking out the words that I
propose to strike out, if the law creating the
obligation is silent as to the kind of money in
which it shall be paid, but there is another
law that authorizes it to be paid in currency,
it may be so paid. In other words, there are
four of five acts of Congress authorizing the
issue of bonds that are silent as to the kind of
money in which they shall be paid. Those
acts say that the interest shall be paid in coin ;
but they are silent as to the mode in which the
principal may be paid. I am anxious to have
the bonds paid in gold or its equivalent, and
that will be the result when we return to specie
payments, as I hope we soon shallbut when
1 am asked to say that it is the original law of
the contract creating some of the bonds I
cannot do it without changing ray convictions
as to the construction of the statutes which
I have entertained from the first.
There are four separate acts of Congress
creating the United States notes that define
the office of those notes and provide to what
obligations they shall be applicable. The office
of the legal-tender note, in its capacity to pay
debts, is not determined by any of the acts
creating the bonds except one, and that is what
is called the ten-forty act, which provides ex-
pressly that the principal shall be paid in gold ;;
but as to what debts the legal-tender notes may
pay is left to the acts creating those notes and
is not provided for in the acts creating the
bonds. To determine by law the question as to
what debts may be paid in legal-tender notes we
must look to the several acts of Congress creat-
ing those notes. The first act is that of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862, creating the first $150,000,000,
and it contains this provision :
"And such notes herein authorized shall be re-
ceivable in payment of fill taxes, internal duties,
excises, debts, and demands of eveiy kind due to the
Uuited State*, except duties on uijuuit;-, and of all
claims and demands again:! the United States*'—
