1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
the bonds of 1881 nor the ten-forties in paper
currency ; and yet the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Indiana in his amendment would go
to that extent, for it would leave all the bonds
not specifically payable in specie by their terms
to be paid in currency. We never enacted
until the commencement of the war any pro-
vision that any bonds should be payable in
specie.
Air. CORBETT. There is one thing that
my friend from Indiana has left out. The
original acts" provided that the holders of legal-
tender notes should have a right to fund them
in United States bonds, and it was the inten-
tion to give them the right to place all the legal-
tender notes into bonds. If they were entirely
out of the way what should we .have to pay
with except gold or silver? That is the ques-
tion. The point is whether you shall issue new
notes and take up the bonds with them again,
when the original law provided that the holders
of the notes should have a right to convert them
into bonds. You have repealed the law which
provided that they could fund them into United
States bonds, but there was an implied obliga-
tion when you issued the notes that the holders
should have a right to fund them into interest-
bearing bonds, provided you could not pay them
off in gold and silver, and that those bonds
should bear gold interest.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that the Senator
from Indiana misconstrues this bill, because it
does not provide that the bonds or obligations
mentioned in the act shall be payable only in
coin, but it provides also that they may be
paid in what is equivalent to coin, and con-
templates the resumption of specie payments
before the bonds become due, and expressly
provides that the bonds shall not be paid be-
fore they reach maturity. I am sure the hon-
orable Senator will not controvert the assertion
that when these bonds were issued and made
payable ten, fifteen, or twenty years from their
dale, it was contemplated by the Government
and by every man who purchased one of the
bunds that the Government would resume spe-
cie payments before they became due. Was
no', that the universal understanding of the
couutry at the time the bonds were created?
Now, this bill simply proposes that the nation
shall faithfully and honestly observe that un-
derstanding. All that this bill proposes to do
is to declare to the world that the Government,
after such an understanding, will not pay its
obligations in depreciated paper; that it will
not pay in paper that is worth ten, twenty,
forty, or fifty cents on the dollar; but that it
will either paj these obligations in coin or it
will pay in paper after the nation has resumed
specie payments, so that its paper shall be
equivalent in value to com. That is the whole
scope and effect of this bill; and it entirely com-
ports with thetheory which the honorable Sena-
tor has heretofore advanced in the Senate. Upon
all occasions he has declared that it was neces-
sary forthwith for the Government to resume
specie payments, and he has proposed a plan
by which resumption should take place witbin
two years and a half from this time ; and if
Congress had adopted his policy, and it had
proved a success, every one of these bonds
would be payable in gold or silver or its equiv-
alent, according to the express declarations of
this bill. Now, I am sure the honorable Sen-
ator does not mean to say that this great nation
ought to pay in paper an obligation that was
executed with the understanding not only ou
the part of Congress, but on the part of the peo-
ple, that it should be paid in coin—an under-
standing that was verified by the express decla-
rations of every Secretary of the Treasury that
was concerned in issuing the bonds. I am sure
the Senator will not now claim that it would
be honorable or right to discharge such obli-
gations in the depreciated promises of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him for a moment, as I do not
wish to make another speech ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. My friend does not appre-
hend my position. This section contains a
declaration of the meaning of the original laws
upon the subject. It is to remove all doubts
and to settle the construction of those laws.
It gives to those laws a construction that I do
not believe in and that I have shown is con-
tradicted by at least four acts of Congress. I
agree that I want these bonds paid in gold ;
but I want everybody to be paid in gold or its
equivalent; I want my private debts paid to
me in gold; and therefore I have made it a
starting point in my whole financial views, as
I have entertained them, that a return to specie
payments is the first thing, because then the
Government creditors and private creditors
and everybody will be paid in gold or its equiv-
alent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, views
have been advanced in this nation, and in-
dorsed by a very large number of people, to
the effect that these obligations of the Govern-
ment might be discharged by an unlimited issue
of Treasury notes ; and the circulation of such
an opinion, in my judgment, has greatly dam-
aged the credit of this nation and cost it mil-
lions of dollars. Other gentlemen, not quite
so extreme in their views, have advanced the
doctrine that no matter what might be the value
of the Treasury notes now in circulation, these
obligations should be paid in those Treasury
notes ; and that doctrine, too, in my judgment,
has done the nation much harm in disparaging
its credit and in depreciating its obligations in
foreign countries. Now, sir, to put an end to
all questions arising out of this conflict of views
and opinions in this country and to assure the
civilized world that we do not intend to repu-
diate our obligations or to dishonor them in
any way, but that we, as a nation, expect to
treat our obligations as an honorable man
would treat his, we propose to declare that we
will, whenever we pay these obligations, pay
them in what is recognized by the civilized
world as money or its equivalent.
The primary object of this measure is to
make the declaration of our intention at this
time and of our purpose hereafter; and we
publish to the world a pledge, and record it
upon our statute-book, that, no such doctrine
as repudiation, no matter what disguise it may
assume, shall ever be tolerated in the United
States of America, and let all men understand
that we mean to pay our debts in the spirit
and with the understanding with which they
were contracted. This is what this bill means.
This is its object and purpose. Now, sir, if
the argument of the honorable Senator was
altogether sound—and I do not admit its cor-
rectness, though I shall take no time here in
discussing the construction of the legal-tender
act—Iafiirm that a reasonable construction of
that act will satisfy any man that it was not
contemplated then that the bonds should be
discharged in Treasury notes, for it provides
expressly that the notes may be converted
into bonds, and it would be nonsense to pro-
vide that the Treasury notes might be con-
verted into bonds, thereby extending what
might be supposed to be an advantage to the
holders of the notes, and that the Government
might then turn round and discharge the bonds
with the identical notes that it received.
I will not discuss that question at this time;
but assuming the honorable Senator's construc-
tion of the law to be entirely correct, I affirm
as a matter of good policy at this time, after
the rebellion is ended and after we have re-
sumed our former course of prosperity, as a
matter relating to our future history, we ought
now to declare that these obligations shall be
paid in gold and silver coin or its equivalent.
Suppose the law to be as the Senator says,
has not Congress the power to modify, change,
or repeal that law? Suppose it to be true that
the law provided that these obligations might
be paid in Treasury notes, but at this time we
find that we have the capacity to pay them in
gold and silver, and if we do so we shall ele-
vate our character in the estimation of the
world, so that when hereafter the circumstances
of the nation require us to make a loan we
can call upon the civilized world for assist-
ance, and they will have confidence in oar
promises, would not this measure be justified?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, upon
which the yeas and nays have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. 'Let it be read.
The Chief Clebk. It is proposed in the
twelfth and thirteenth lines of the first seetion
to strike out the words " authorizing the issue
of any such obligation;" so as to make the
clause read:
It is hereby provided and declared that the faith
of the United States is solemnly pledged to the pay-
ment in coin or its equivalent of alt the obligations
of the United States, not bearing interest, known as
United States notes, and of all the interest-bearing
obligations of the United States, except in cases
where the law has expressly provided that the same
may be paid in lawful money or other currency than
gold and silver.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
agreed that when it adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. GRIMES. At the suggestion of Sena-
tors around me I ask leave to make the motion
to reconsider now and have it put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the vote by which the Senate agreed that
when it adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday be reconsidered.
Mr. POMEROY. Several Senators have'
left'with the understanding that there was to
be no session to-morrow, and they are not here
now. I think it is hardly fair to those Sena-
tors who have left the Hall, and some of whom
have left town, to reconsider it.
Mr. GRIMES. I never heard of such a sug-
gestion as that made before, that it was unfair
to reconsider a vote because a Senator hap-
pened to have left town. I did not cause any
one to leave town, nor did the body.
Mr. POMEROY. When the Senate has
passed a vote to adjourn over to a given day
that is notice to all the Senators that there will
be no session to-morrow, and some Senators
find it very convenient to take advantage of that
notice. Personally I care nothing about it;
only I thought it was hardly fair to those who
have made arrangements for their business not
to have a session to-morrow to reconsider it
now and have one, but if the Senate think it is
fair and all right I shall not object. It is not
the course we usually pursue.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought that the Senator
from Kansas considered himself a monitor of
the Senate in regard to parliamentary law and
the rules of this body ; I was not aware that
he set himself up before to tell us what was
fair and unfair, honorable and dishonorable
in the transactions of this body. As for my-
self I must be permitted to judge for myself
what it is fair or proper for me to do, and I
cannot allow any other gentleman to be my
judge on such a question.
Mr. POMEROY. I only expressed my
views in regard to what is fair and honorable
and just. If they meet the views of the Sen-
ator from Iowa I am very glad ; if they do not
I am equally well pleased.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If this is to be discussed
I shall object to its consideration, but I am
willing to let the vote be taken. ["Vote!"
" Vote P]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to adjourn to Monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it riot in my province to
object to the consideration of this motion?
Several Senators. Too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
has already been entertained by general con-
sent and it is too late to interpose an objec-
tion now.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 16, noes 25.
