ffiE CONGRESSIONAL* GL(
March 12.
" Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this question, and will give as a reason that
I am informed, no doubt- correctly, that the
President desires to send nominations to the
Senate to-morrow. I am so informed from a
source that I do not doubt.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa
that the Senate reconsider the vote by which
it was ordered that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, Brownlow, Cattell, Cole,
Corbatt, Cragir.. Brake. Ferry, Eessenden, Grimes,
Hamlin, Kellogg.Morrill, Morton, Patterson, Pratt,
Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman, Car-
penter, Casserly, J?enton, Gilbert, Harris, Howard,
Howe. McCreery, McDonald, if orton, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thin-man, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viekers, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Conkling,Davis, Edmunds, Fowler,Harlan, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Rice,Ross, Saulsbury, and Sckurz—15.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No.
56 is before the body; and the question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton',] on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. McCREERY. I have paired off with
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxklixg.]
He favors the bill and I am opposed to it. I
do not think it is right for me to vote on any
of these amendments.
* The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 32; as follows":
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Brownlow. Casserly, Mor-
ton, Norton, Pomeroy,Pratt, Robertson,Ross, Spen-
cer, spiague, Stockton, Thurman, and Viekers—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Cattell.Corbett, Cra gin, Drake. Fen ton,Ferry,
1' essenden, Gilbert, Grimes, Hamlin, Howard, Howe,
Morrill, Patterson, Ramsey, Sawyer. Scburz, Scott,
Sherman. Stewart, Sumner.Thayer, Tipton, Warner,
Willey. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—3i
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Fowler, liar-
bin, Harris, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald. Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, and Trumbull—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, before en-
tering upon the general discussion of this meas-
ure I think it proper to submit a motion for
adjournment, as the late hour of the day is such
that I think the Senate will not be disposed to
remain and listen to what I may say; and I
deem the subject one of such great importance
and it has so occupied my thoughts and time
that I shall probably detain the Senate longer
than their patience would admit of to-day. I
move therefore that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted; and the Senate adjourned.
'HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 12, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain-elect, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and
approved.
indian affairs.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is a resolution pending when the House ad-
journed on Tuesday last, upon which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
called the previous question. The Clerk will
report the resolution to the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Reiolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint special committee on
Indian nfiairs, consisting of nine members, three
lroin the Senate and six from the House, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be referred all matters relat-
ing to treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annu-
ities and examination of claims referred to Congress
Irom,the Interior Department relating to Indians,
with power to consider all questions arising under
said treaties, and whether the same may beabrogated,
annulled, or modified : and whether any further
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and if any
under what restriction; and whether any and what
revision of the several acta providing for the organ-
ization of the department of Indian affairs may he
expedient or necessary: and alio whether any and
what further provision may be necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for the Indians, and in what
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted,_
and what lands all be reserved and set apart for
them, and how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes: and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
the Jaws of the United States, and what course shall
be taken toward them which' shall best tend to their
civilization, Christianization, and ultimate^ citizen-
ship; and to reportthereon by bill or otherwise. Said
committee shall have power to employ a clerk and
examine witnesses, if necessary.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
unanimous consent for a moment to explain
this concurrent resolution, because it arises
from a complication that came up in the last
Congress.
Mr. INGrBRSOLL. Is this the regular order?
The SPEAKER. It is the regular order,
the unfinished business pending when the House
adjourned on Tuesday last.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to be heard upon this res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw the call for the
previous question the resolution will then be
open to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
I desire that the House may understand ex-
actly the purport of this resolntion. In the
last House, as is known to the members who
were then present, the Indian appropriation
bill failed, calling for about six million four
hundred thousand dollars. It failed' for this
reason: that there was a difference of opinion
between the two Houses as to the present sys-
tem of treaties which bound the United States
to pay to the Indians on the plains, from whom
we receive r>o lands, very large sums of money.
These treaties, if we once enter upon them,
will continue for thirty years. Therefore the
House, finding itself about to enter upon a new
Indian policy, which Indian policy could not
then be discussed, refused to concur with the
Senate in making the appropriations necessary
to carry out these Indian treaties. Upon a
committee of conference of the two Houses it
was agreed to report to both Houses that there
was a disagreement and then to ask the next
Congress, upon the organization of the House, !
to appoint a joint select committee who should !
take all these matters into consideration and
report to the House before any appropriations
are made the system upon which they are to
be made.
There is no more important question which
can be presented to the House. I wish to say
further that while this resolution is very broad
it must be so in order to give the committee
jurisdiction of various questions relating to
the Indian tribes. I think there are one hun-
dred and seventy-two different acts of Congress
which must be consulted before one can ascer-
tain all the legislative provisions which bear
upon Indian affairs. Then there are a large
number of treaties which have been made,
modified, changed, and altered, running back
to 1/89; and very many of their provisions
are now obsolete.
Under these circumstances it was thought
wise that the whole matter should be brought
under the supervision of a joint select com-
mittee, which will probably be substantially the
Committee on Indian Affairs of each House.
And I trust there will be no objection to this j
resolution, because it does not in itself pro-
vide any legislation, but only for the appoint-
ment of a committee to consider these sub-
jects and to present them to the two Houses.
When the propositions which may be presented
by this committee shall come before the House
there will then be "ample room and verge
enough," as there ought to be and must be,
for discussion of the merits of those propo-
sitions. I yield to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker. I desire to
ascertain whether I understand the scope of the
proposition made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Bcti.ER.] IFI understand cor-
rectly the purport of this resolution its effect is
substantially to take from the jurisdiction of a
standing committee of this House all matters
connected with our Indian affairs and intrust
them to a joint committee of both Houses, for I
believe that every thing connected withthisques-
tion of our Indian affairs can under this joint
resolution be considered by this joint commit-
tee. Now, Mr. Speaker, I object to this method
of legislation. 1 believe that the theory of our
Government never contemplated that matters
should be legislated upon here by means of joint
committeesof thetwo Houses. Of course there
are certain matters which must be intrusted to
joint committees, but it seems to me that the
very basis of our legislation rests upon the idea
that every subject of legislation i3 to be consid-
ered by two separate committees in the two sep-
arate Houses of Congress. It is now proposed
to raise a joint committee which shall have
exclusive and entire control over our Indian
affairs. I, for one, believe that the consid-
eration of the subject-matter of Indian affairs
should devolve upon the separate committees
of the two Houses, and if those two committees
cannot agree, orifthetwo Houses cannot agree
with reference to our Indian policy, we should
settle those differences as we do every other
question of difference between the two Houses,
by committees of conference upon the partic-
ular question that happens to be under consid-
eration at the time.
Now, if this joint committee is to be raised,
it is, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
says, to be composed mainly of members of
the Indian Committees in the two Houses. If
that be true then we propose to organize com-
mittees within committees for the purpose of
jointly regulating this whole question of our
Indian affairs I believe the matter can be
better regulated by leaving it as at present to
the standing committees of the two Houses to
adjust these differences, if there are differences.
For one I shall feel constrained to oppose this
resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, if I under-
stand correctly the purport of this resolution,
I am in favor of it. Of course in this case,
as in all others, the success of the measure
depends very much upon the manner in which
it shall be carried out. If this committee is
to be constituted of gentlemen who are in
favor of the Senate policy of managing this
Indian question, then I am opposed to the
resolution and to the committee that may be
appointed under it. But if this committee is
to represent what I believe to be the fair sen-
j timent of the House—and of course the effort
| will be under the parliamentary rule to accotn-
; plish that—-then I am in favor of it.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] to tell
me why it is any more nccessary to have a joint
committee on this subject than to have a joint
committee on appropriations or a joint commit-
tee on finance or a joint committee upon any
general subject of legislation that may come
before us?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man ; or at least I will give him my answer,
whether it is a good one or not.
As I was going on to say, the Senate has
struck out a policy in relation to the Indians
which I believe has not met the concurrence of
the House, and never will. The diverse poli-
cies of the two Houses can only antagonize
each other upon a joint committee ; and there-
fore I am m favor of sueh a committee. Under
the present system whenever some persons
want to get a large portion of the public do-
main, and, having got a bill through the Sen-
ate, find themselves blocked in the House, the
House being always more sensitive io popular
sentiment, their next resort is to the wild In-
dians ; they get somebody appointed by the
