1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to make a
treaty; and the substance of the treaty is that
it is a sale or disposition of this land in a man-
ner designed to prevent the House from having
any control of the matter. So it is with large
claims like the Ohoctaw claim—" the two mil-
lion claim," as it is called. When such a claim,
based upon nothing at all, fails in this House
though it succeeds in getting through the Sen-
ate, a treaty is finally made and is ratified by
the Senate, agreeing to leave the question
to the Senate ; thus saying in effect that the
House shall exercise no part of the legislative
power upon this claim.
This system of Indian treaties has recently
gone the length of depriving the House of all
its legitimate power in the management of these
questions. The Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs appoints some man to make what is called
an Indian treaty ; the Senate go into secret
session on the subject and no one pays any
attention to it; and then we are told that we
are pledged and bound by what are called the
obligations of a solemn treaty. It is all a mere
farce. If I understand the purpose of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts it is to see whether
we cannot originate some policy which will
give us some kind of voice in the settlement of
these great questions. On that ground I am
in favor of the proposition, because a joint
committee can effect that object much better
than a standing committee of either House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. JUDD. If I understand the resolution
of the gentleman from Massachusetts it seems
to me eminently wise and proper that it should
be adopted. I have seen during the time I
have sat upon this floor what was an apparent
conflict between the two branches of Congress
in relation to our Indian policy. I have myself
individually found it exceedingly difficult to
arrive at any accurate conclusion in regard to
the facts connected with the Indian Bureau
and the treaties made with the various Indian
tribes. Now, I think the importance of having
a settled policy in this regard overrides almost
every other consideration ; and, sir, I believe
that there is no better mode in which this
House can get proper information for judicious
action than by having a committee of this body
acting in conjunction with a committee of the
Senate, through whose joint agency matters
relating to our Indian affairs shall be consid-
ered and submitted to the two Houses for its
judgment and final action.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
believes that it would be better to have stand-
ing committees in each House to consider these
Indian matters. If any proposition should be
reported from the joint committee it would still
be in the judgment of the House to refer it for
further consideration to the standing Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. I look upon a joint com-
mittee as a means of harmonizing the action
of the two Houses on these important ques-
tions and obtaining that information for the use
of the House which we cannot get in the man-
ner in which this business is now conducted.
I agree entirely with the declaration of the
gentlemanfromPennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,]
that if the power heretofore exercised under
the claim of the treaty-making power shall con-
tinue then the House of Representatives will
dwindle into insignificance in reference to the
disposition of the public domain, and our pub-
lic lands may be sold and disposed of by treaty
without the people's Representatives being in
any way consulted as to the manner of its dis-
position or the price to be paid for it. I will
support ;he resolution as the best mode of
arriving at a solution of the questions in dis-
pute between the two Houses of Congress, and
also as the best mode of determining the policy
which will hereafter prevent one branch of
Congress from entirely controlling the disposi-
tion of the public lands without the consent of
the Representatives of the people.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
next yield to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 do not wish to be mis-
understood, Mr. Speaker, in reference to this
subject. I agree entirely with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in the object which he has
in view. I am opposed to tiiis treaty-making
business on the part of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States; but, sir, we have a check upon
that body by refusing to make appropriations,
as we did at the close of the last Congress, for
the purpose of carrying out treaties made with
the Indians to which this House objected.
Aud for one I shall always stand here to vote
against carrying out such treaties by refusing
to make the necessary appropriations. Bat I
do not think that we can secure what the gen-
tleman proposes by the appointment of this
joint committee. If I thought it could be se-
cured in that way I should not oppose it. I
do not think that we should surrender our
privileges as members of the House of Rep-
resentatives in that way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the attention of the House, Mr. Speaker, to
the objections of the gentleman from Iowa. I
trust [ shall not be accused by those who
served with me in the last House with any
desire to put the privileges of the House at
the feet of the Senate, for if there is any one
subject upon which I have had more animad-
version than another it is because I have stood
up in every way for the privileges of the House
against the encroachments of the Senate.
Now, let me show why it is necessary to have
a joint committee. So long as we treat the
Indian tribes as independent nations, then so
long will the Executive with the aid of the
Senate make treaties with them, and we may
be bound by what is called the supreme law
of the land to pay them any sums of money
that the Senate may choose to fix ; and the
House has no jurisdiction, has no privilege,
has nothing to do upon one theory of the Con-
stitution and law except to vote appropriations
to carry out these treaties. Now, then, before
we can get any jurisdiction of this question we
must pass a law which shall put an end to this
treaty-making system. That law can only be
got by the consent of the Senate, by an adjust-
ment of the terms upon which that law can be
made.
Now I find this sentimentin regard to Indian
treaties: it is said that where we have received
a consideration, where the Indian tribes have
given us their lands and we have agreed to give
them annuities, these treaties must be pre-
served. I agree to that. What we have prom-
ised to pay must be paid. But where treaties
have been made simply that the Indian tribes
should keep the peace I would have those trea-
ties abrogated entirely. We should treat the
Indians as the wards of the nation. This na-
tion should govern them by law as we govern
all other tenants on our soil, whether citizens
or not. Our laws should be just and equitable
according to the faith of a great nation, and
not according to a treaty made in a wigwam
over what is called a council-fire. Therefore
we propose to try a joint committee of the two
Houses, so that upon conference with the Sen-
ate we can see how far they are willing to waive
their treaty-making power or to pass laws to
restrain the treaty-making power. I agree that
the late treaties made on the plains ought not
to be carried out. We mustchango this whole
system. It has been a subject of legislation
since 1834. In that year the Indian depart-
ment was established, and the proposition was
made to give presents to the Indians, to give
them domestic animals, &c. What do gentle-
men suppose was the amount of the appropria-
tion in 1834 for that purpose ? It was $5,000.
What did the present Indian appropriation bill
call for for that purpose? Four million dol-
lars. Under these circumstances it is neces-
sary that some new legislation should take
place. We are now acting under the act of
1834.
Now, I do not mean to take away by this
resolution from the Indian Committee of this
House their proper sphere of legislation and
examination. 'lhey must examine under the
' laws the treaties as they now exist and report
to this House propositions of law, which must
be sent to the Senate without any advice with
that body. But it has always heretofore failed,
and probably will fail.
Mr. JULIAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to suggest the radical difficulty in
this case, and whether his proposition will
meet it. We need exactly such" a system of
laws regulating our Indian treaties as he de-
sires, but when the House acts on these ques-
tions the Senate pays not the slightest atten-
tion to what we do. This House has repeatedly
passed bills and joint resolutions totally deny-
ing the power of the Senate and Executive, by
treaty with the Indians, to dispose of the pub-
lic domain except by direct conveyance to the
United States, which would subject the lands
to the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States. This House has, without any
demand for a division, enacted and reenacted
that sort of legislation here. The bills have
gone to the Senate, and there they have slept
soundly in the drawers of the Committees on
Public Lands and on Indian Affairs of that
body. The Senate have treated with seeming
contempt every proposition to abrogate their
iniquitous policy respecting our Indian trea-
ties. Now, if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts can satisfy this House 
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me rather unparliamentary to charge the
Senate with a corrupt system of legislation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is
not allowable.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw what I said if it
is unparliamentary, and will only state that
the action of the Senate has seemed to me to
be very indefensible and iniquitous ; and when
we have attempted by law to say so, and have
demanded a decent policy, conforming to the
authority of Congress, the Senate has utterly
refused to listen to the proposition. Now, as
I was about to remark, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts can satisfy this House that a
joint committee, through any sort of mission-
ary influence in the Senate, will be the means
of bringing that body into harmony with the
House, I shall be very glad to vote for such a
committee. Perhaps it would, and I do not
say that I will not vote for the resolution. But
the whole virtue of it will depend upon the
composition of the committee—whether it will
be strong enough to withstand the power of the
" Indian ring," whose shaping hand has been
seen and felt in the politics of our country for
years.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is to
meet the very trouble which the gentleman has
suggested that this resolution is introduced—
the trouble of separate legislation which my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison] has brought
to the attention of the House. If we cannot
do it in this way we cannot do it in any way.
We are here in this position: we shall prob-
ably adjourn in the course of a month with no
appropriations made for Indian affairs, either
to carry out treaties or to feed the Indians or
to prevent an Indian war after the 1st day of
July next. Something must be done and done
now: and I am convinced that we cannot set-
tle this matter in the way of ordinary legisla-
tion. I would that the labor might pass away
from me. I have no desire myself to be upon
this committee. It is a labor, a vast work, a
work that will require all the industry, all the
talent, and all the discretion that any commit-
tee of this House can bring to bear upon it.
But the committee will have this great reward,
that it will present the most necessary piece of
legislation that can be done, the most econom-
ical piece of legislation that can be done, and
that in future will save millions upon millions.
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it
seems to me that at least the proposition ot
the gentleman from Massachusetts can do no
harm, and by this process we may get the Sen-
ate aud the House to act together upon this trou-
blesome question in regard to the Indians.
While the Senate is pulling in one direction
