186.9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDHR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. There being no commit-
tees to be called for reports, the first business
in order is the call of States and Territories,
beginning with the State of Massachusetts,
where the call rests, for the introduction of
resolutions and bills.
INDEPENDENCE OF CUBA.
Mr. BANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 2) to authorize the recognition of
the independence of Cuba; which was read a
hrst and second time, ordered to be printed,
and to be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs when appointed.
ANNEXATION OF SAN DOMINGO.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 3) concerning the annexation
of the republic of San Domingo to the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and to be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs when
appointed.
Mr. JENCKES (at one o'clock and five
minutes, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion, on which I demand the previous question:
"Whereas recent developments have shown that
gross violations of the naturalization laws have been
committed in various portions of the Union, and
th.it a large number ot fraudulent naturalization
papers are scattered throughout the country and
have been used and are liable to be used in future
to effect illegal voting, and if this evil is permitted
to continue it can only end in the subversion of the
right ot suffrage and the overthrow of the Govern-
ment : and whereas it is desirable that the naturaliza-
tion laws should be so modified as to reach these
evils at the earliest period practicable: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary,
when appointed, be instructed to report a bill upon
the subject ot naturalization which shall secure the
iollowmg objects: first, restrict the power of natural-
ization to such courts and tribunals as will be less
likely from their nature and organization to engage
m fraudulent practices and be influenced by political
considerations; second, provide for the discovery
and surrender of the fraudulent naturalization papei'3
"already issued, and prevent the issuing of such papers
in future; and thiid, amend existing laws upon the
subject of naturalization so as to afford additional
•ecurity against illegal voting.
And be it further resolved, That the said committee
have leave to leport upon the subject at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the second
reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER.' It is a simple resolution.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that it be laid on
the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
4:1 ? noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas -16, nays 86, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, A.xtell, Beck. Biggs, Bird,
Burr, Crebs, Dewecae, Dickinson, Eldridge, Emkeln-
burg, Getz, Oolladay, Ilaldemau, Hamill, llolman,
Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr,
ICnapp, Knott, Marshall, Mayhain, MeCormick,
McNeely, Moffet, Mungen, iNiblack, Orth. Randall,
Heading, Reeves, Rice, Joseph £.Smith, Stile?,Stone,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van i'ruinp,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, and Winchester—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
stiong, Arnell, Asper, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd, Bnffinton, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Oobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,
D«i\ is, Doekery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Tarnsworth,
tfern.xss. Terry, Kirch, (iarfield. Giliillan, ilawley,
Hay, Heaton, Hour, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotehkiss,
Alexander 11. Jones, Julian, Kelsc>, K«tcham,Lai-
Jm, Lash, Loughridge, MeCrary, M<Grcw, Mercur,
EliMkim H. Moore, Jesse 11. Moore, William Moore,
Hatnuel 1\ Mori ill, Negley,O'Neill, Packard, Pome-
roy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, beo-
liold. Shanks, Worthmgton C. Smith, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strickland, Taffc, Tanner, Tilman, Iwichell,
Tyner, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Willard, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Winans—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Benjamin.
Bennett, Boutwell, Bowen, Brooks, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Calkin, Clarke, Cleveland, Cullora,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Fisher, Fox, Greene, Gris-
wold, Haight,Hale,HambIeton, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hill, Hoag, Ingersoll, Kelley, Lawrence, Logan,
Lynch. Maynard, McCarthy. Morgan, Daniel J.
Morrell, Morrissey, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters,
Phel ps, Poland, Potter, Rogers, Schenck.Schumaker,
Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Stoughton, Townsend, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Voorhees. Whittemore, Wilkins.on,
Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—62.
So the Hotrse refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. JENCKES. Doesit not require unani-
mous consent to entertain the latter part of the
resolution, that the committee shall have leave
to report at any time ?
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask leave to sub-
mit a few remarks on this subject.
Objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Iaakfor separate votes
on the preamble and resolution.
The question first recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. FINKELNBURG demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
71, noes 55.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge and
Mr. Wakd were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 58.
So the resolution was adopted.
The preamble was then agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WARD moved that that motion be laid
on the table.
Mr. RANDALL called for theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 09, nays 52, not voting
73 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler. Ames, AsPer« Bailey,
Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Bowen, Buffinton, Burdett, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cowles, Davis, Duval, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Haw-
kins, Hawley, Heaton, Hoar, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, Lash, Lynch, Me-
Crary, McCJ-rew, Mercur, William Moore, Negley,
O'Neill, Pomeroy. Prosser, Sanford, Sargent, Shel-
don, Wiiiam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Wil-
liam Smyth, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman, Tyner, Upson. Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn. William B. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
kinson. Willard. Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans,
and Witcher—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell, Beaman,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Burr, Amasa Cobb, Crebs, Cul-
lom, Dewcese, Dickinson, Dyer, Eldndgc, Finkeln-
burg, Getz, Golhtday, Haldeman, llolman, Hopkins,
Jonekes-, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott,
Logan, Lousrhridge, Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick,
McNeeiy, Moftet, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Paine,
Randall, Reading, Pveeves, llice, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone. Strader, Swann. Sweeney, Van
Trump, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Arnell,
Boutwell, Boyd, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin,
Churchill, Clarke. Cleveland, Cook, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Farnsworth, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Greene, Griswold, Haight, Hale.
Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hay, Hill, Hoag,
Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kelley,
Knapp, Lawrence, Maynard, McCarthy, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse B. Moore. Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Packard, Packer, Pal-
mer, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Potter, Rogers, Roots,
Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Slo-
cum, John A. Smith, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wells, Wheeler,
Whittemore, and Wood—73.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
contested election—switzler vs. dye.t.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a privileged
question. I offer the following resolution :
lleiolved, That the time now allowed by law for
the taking of evidence in the contested-election case
of Switzler vn. Dyer, from the ninth district of Mis-
souri, be, and the same is hereby, extended tor a
period of ninety days irom and alter the expiration
of time now allowed by law for the taking of evi-
dence in said ease.
Mr. KERR. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merely say that
this is asked for by both the contestant and
contestee, by an arrangement between them ;
hence, of course, there can be no objection to
the passage of the resolution. I have a letter
from the contestant consenting to the exten-
sion of time, and the sitting member, who is
on the floor, consents to it. I hold in my hand
the letter from Colonel Switzler, in which, he
says: " f have no objection to the extension
of the time by the House to take testimony.
You can have it done. If you want, have a
resolution introduced at once," &c. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FELONIES AND MISDEMEANORS.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Therewasabillreported
unanimously from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of the last House and passed by the House
without opposition, but which failed in the Sen-
ate for want of time. It is a bill to define fel-
onies and misdemeanors and regulate peremp-
tory challenges. I now offer it, and desire to
put it on its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
defines as felonies all offenses against the Uni-
ted States punishable by death or by imprison-
ment for not less than five years unless other-
wise expressly provided ;. all other offenses are
deemed misdemeanors. Section two fixes the
number of peremptory challenges on trials of
felonies and misdemeanors.
Sir. CHURCHILL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the introduc-
tion of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is introduced under the
rule.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is not a motion to refer
in order?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the.demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I would like to ex-
plain it.
The SPEAKER. If it is debated it must
go over.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays
on laying the bill on the table.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—■
ayes 19. noes 42.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I withdraw the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
adjourn.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw it.
BOUNTY TO DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. RANDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 5) to extend bounty to drafted men ; which
j was read a first and second time, and referred
| to the Committee on Military Affairs when
i appointed.
| INTERN All REVENUE ASSESSOR.
1 Mr. BIGGS introduced a bill (H. R. No. 6)
j to provide payment to the assessor of internal
■ revenue for the district of Delaware for assess-
[ ing the direct tax as levied upon the several
! Statet by act approved August 5, 1801; which
! was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims when appointed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokham,
i its Secretary, informed the House that the
j Senate had passed without amendment the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) to supply an
! omission in the enrollment ol an act making
' appropriations for sundry civil expenses oi the
j Government for the year ending June 30, 1870,
^ and for other purposes, approved March 3,
!■ 18t>9.
