m
the - oo^ommrnem mom
March, VI,
1
- The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 32} to pre-
vent the destruction of fur-bearing animals ia
Alaska, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
PUBLIC CREDIT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I introduce a bill (B. It.
No. 7) to strengthen the public credit and
relating to contracts for the payment of coin.
I propose to demand the previous question
upon it,' bat I will give way for one or two
amendments -which I understand gentlemen
desire to offer.
The bill was 'read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full, as follows:
Se.it enacted bv the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all just
obligations to the public creditors, and to settle con-
flicting questions and interpretations of the laws by
virtue of which such obligations have been con-
tracted, it is hereby provided and declared that the
faith ot the United States is solemnly pledged to the
p lyment ia coin or its equivalent of all the obliga-
tions ot the United States not bearing interest, known
as United States notes, and of all the interest-bearing
obligations of the United States, except in cases
where the law authorizing the issue of any such
obligation has expressly provided that the same may
be paid in, lawful money or other currency than gold
and silver; but none of said interest-bearing obliga-
tions not already due shall bo redeemed or paid be-
fore maturity unless at such time United States notes
shall be convertible into coin at the option of the
holder, or unless at such time bonds ot the United
States bearing a lower rate of interest than tho bonds
to be redeemed can be sold at par in coin. And the
United States also solemnly pledges its faith to make
provision at the earliest practicable period for the
redemption of the United States notes in coin.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin, and the
consideration of which may be a loan of coin, or a
sale ©f property, or the rendering oflabor or service
of any kind, the price of which as carried into the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time of such sale, or of the
rendering of such service or labor, shall be legal and
valid, and may be enforced according to its terms;
and on the trial of asuit brought lor the enforcement
of any such contract proof of the real consideration
may be given.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have agreed to allow the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] to move
to strike out the second section of the bill. I
have also agreed to allow the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peteks] to move to insert the
word "written" before "contract" in thesec-
ond section.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to allow me a few minutes. When
the bill was before the House during the last
Congress I had no opportunity to express my
views.
The SPEAKBB. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that debate
is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like exceedingly
to make an explanation of a few minutes' length,
but debate is not in order.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a parliament-
ary question. Is it not in order to move the
reference of this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and would it
not be agreeable to the late chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to fix a time
lor debate on this bill? It is a very import-
ant measure, and I make that suggestion.
Mr. SCHENCK. That would be very well
if the House had not just fixed a time for
adjournment, showing a disposition not to
debate anything.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When it is in order I
shall move the reference of the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
union.
IheSPEAKER. Should thepreviousques-
tion not be sustained on the passage of the bill
the gentleman will be recognized to make that
motion. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pe-
ters] is not here to make the motion indicated
by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand that the
fentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] avails
imself of the permission to move to insert
the word "written?"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine does not appear to be in his seat.
Mr. BURR. If the gentleman will give tne
the floor I will move to lay the whole thing
on the table, and demand the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot give way for any
such purpose. Will it be in order for me to
state that the bill which I now introduce is pre-
cisely the bill as it passed both Houses last ses-
sion, or would that be in the nature of debate?
The SPEAKER,
debate.
Mr. SCHENCK.
but that is the fact.
The SPEAKER.
That is in the nature of
Then I will not state it;
I Laughter. ]
If the gentleman leaves
the bill open for debate it mast go over under
the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURR and Mr. HOLMAN moved that
the bill and amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is the bill which
passed both Houses and was pocketed by An-
drew Johnson.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the bill on the table
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of' order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is this: the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] asked the Chair if it would be
in the nature of debate for bim to state that
this bill passed the House of the last Congress.
The Chair ruled that such a statement would
be in the nature of debate. After that ruling
of the Chair the gentleman from Ohio pro-
ceeded to make that statement. My point of
order is this: the gentleman having debated
his bill it should go over under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The point of order, even
if good, is made too late. The question is now
upon the motion to lay the bill on the table,
upon which the yeas and nays have been called.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 85, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Bowen. Burr, Benjamin P. Butler, Amasa Cobb. Co-
burn. Crebs, Deweese. Dickinson. EJdridge, Getz,
Gilfiilan, Golladay, Haldeman, Hainill, Hawkins,
Holman, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Johnson, Ttiomas L.
Jones,Kerr.Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick,
McNeely, Moffet,Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Reading,
Reeves. Rice, Shanks, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, Tyner,
Van Trump. Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm strong,
Arnell, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, BeojamiB,
Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bufiinton, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler,Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Donley, Dyer, Ferriss, Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher,
Fitch, Garfield, Hale. Heaton. Hoag, Hoar, Hooper
Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones, Judd. Julian,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Lynch. Mer-
cur, William Moore, Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Paine
Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots. Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, John A. Smith,
Worthington 0. Smith, Stevenson,Stokes.Stoughton,
Strickland, T&nner, TilJm&n, Twichell, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker,
Wlllard, and Winansr-85.
^OT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axteli, Boutwell,
Boyd, Brooks, Calkin, Clarke, Cleveland, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery, Duval. Farnsworth, Fox, Greene,
wnswold, Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hawley,
Hay, HiiJ, Kelley, Knapp, Lawrence, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCarthy. MeCrary, McGrew. Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesso H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell,
fcamuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Packer, Palmer,Peters,
Potter, Randall, Rogers, Schumaker, Sheldon, Slo-
cum, William J. Smith, William Smyth. Townsend,
Van Auken, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Whittemore, Witcher and Wood—55,
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
^ The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The Srst question was upon the motion of
Mr. Allison, to strike out the second section
of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the atfcrraative—yeas 86, nays 57, not voting
515 as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Bailcy.Bea-
man, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bingrham, Bird, Bowen,
Burr,Benjamin F.Butler,Cake, Cessna. Atnas&Cobb,
Coburn, Cullom, Davis, Deweese, Dickinson, Dyer,
Eldndge, Farnsworth, Ferries, Ferry. Fitch, Oeta,
Golladny, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hawkins, Uay,
floag, iiolman, Hooper, Hopkins. Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Thomas L.Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lvncb, Marshall* Mayham, Mc-
Covmick, McNeely, Mofiet, Jes&e II. Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill. Mungen, Niblack, Orrb, Reading. Sawyer,
Scofield, Shanks, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Taffe, Trimble, Tyner, Van Horn, William 15 Wash-
burn, Welker. Weils, Wilkinson, Wiliard, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winaus, Win-
chester, Witcher, and Woodward—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Asper. Axteli. Banks
Benjamin, Bennett, Blair, Boies* Boyd, Bufiinton,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Dawes, Dockery, Donley,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfiilan, Heaton,
Hoar, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lash, Logan, McGrew, Mercur,
William Moore, O'Neill, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Poland. Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sar-
geant, Schenck, Sheldon, John A. Smith, Stokes,
Strickland, Tanner, Twichell, Ward, Cadwalader 0.
Washburn, Wheeler, and Whittemore-—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Auibler, Arnell,
Boutwell, Brooks, Calkin, Clarke, Cleveland, Cook,
Crebs, Dickey. Dixon, Duval, Fox, Greene, (iris-
wold, Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hawley, IJii!,
Hotchkiss, Kelley, Maynard, McCarthy. Mt-Crary,
Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J, Morrell,
Morrissey, Negley, Packer, Peters, Phelps, Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Kice, Rogers, Schumnkei. Siocum,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith. William Smyth,
Tillman, Townsend, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees, and Wood—51,
So the second section was struck out.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
as amended to be engrossed and read the third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
ordered to be engrossed. The question is now
on ordering it to be engrossed and read the
third time.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nay3 48. not voting
53 ; as follows:
ZEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong", Ar-
nell, Asper, Axteli, Bailey. Banks, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boles,Bowen,Boyd,
Buffinton, Burdett, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg. Fisher, Fitch Garfield. Gilfiilan, Hale, Haw-
ley, Seaton. Hoar, Hooper, Hotehkiss. AlexanderH.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Keteham. Knapp, Lif-
lin, Lash, Lawrence. Logan, Lynch, MeCrary. Mc-
Grew, Mercur, William Moore, Negley, O'Neill,
Packer, Paine, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosper,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck Scofield,
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smitn,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland. Tanner, Tillman,
Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn. William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeer.
Whittemore. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and
Wi n an s—93.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Beatty, Beck, Big?s,Bird,
Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Amasa Cobb. Crebs, De-
weese, Dickinson, Dockery, Eldridge. (ietz.Golladay,
Hamill, Hawkins, Hoag, Holman. Hopkins, Inffcr-
spil. Johnson, Thorn.is L. Jones. Kerr, Knott, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McNeely, Mnngcn. Niblack, *>rtb,
Reeves, Rice, Shanks. JosephS. Smith,Stiles,Stone,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney. Trimble, Tyner, Van
Trump, Weils, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, and Woodward—48.
NOT VOTING—Me^srs. Adams, Ames, Boutwell,
Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Clarke,
Cleveland, Coburn, Cowles, Dickey, Dixon, Fox
Greene, Griswold. Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton!
Hamilton, Hay, Hill, Jenckes, Kelley, Louirhridge,
Mayoard, McCarthy. Mctorinick, Mofiet, Blitt kim
H. Moore. jesse ll. Moore. Morgan, Daniel J, Wor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,Packard, Palmer,
Peters, Potter, -Randall, Heading, Rogers, ,«eha-
maker. Slocuro, Willi,tm J. Smith, William Smyth,
btevenson, Taffe, Townsend, Van Auken, Voorhees,
Witcher, and Wood—53.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time.
Being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr, JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, is
it oot now iu order to move to refer the bill;
