m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15*
scarcity, made so by yonr acts, have driven
men from the production of gold into farming
and wool raising. This paper that I have
before me shows and speaks and criticises the
immense falling off in that production.
What, I ask, are you to rely upon to sustain
the price of your public debt when there is no
profitable occupation for your people? Will
this bullying operation that yon have tried for
the past three years have any effect? What
will this proposition of curtailing the currency
in order to increase its value effect? Nothing
but the same old story: want of prosperity,
wantof employm ent, and a condition of national
indebtedness like that of Mexico. Why not
have made an effort to restore prosperity to all
the branches of your industry on which to have
floated your debt rtnd maintained jts price,
rather than by constitutional amendments and
by statute law be constantly making an effort to
pull up the price of your national securities,
driving what little capital there was left into
their investment and depriving every other
industry of the necessary means to carryit on.
I do not sympathize at all with any of these
projects for paying the five-twenties in green-
backs or legal tenders, because that will be
deprivingthe Government of full value for what
they gave, and it will be robbing the people;
for the introduction of an additional amount
of currency, not heretofore well settled, not
heretofore permeating through all the avenues
of business and trade, will for the time being
depreciate the value of all, and that capital
being the only capital that the people hold they
would be robbed by any such increase of issue.
If those whose business it is to look well<
into this question will examine the policy pur-
sued by Morris when closing up the business
of the Confederation after the Revolution, or
by Hamilton in reconstructing the finances
on the formation of the Constitution, or by
Dallas when correcting the evils growing out
of the war of 1814, and will embody upon our
system the theory and practice established by
those men the country will ask for nothing
better.
The country and its business interests were
prostrated to the very dust three months ago
by the retirement of $6,000,000 of currency by
speculators in New York through Fisk and
others; and yet last month there was drawn
into the Treasury $13,000,000 more than was
distributed to the country—enough to stagger
even the strength and stability of Britain's
finances. No nation under heaven can stand
that draft upon it, can stand the scarcity pro-
duced by that result. And yet people wonder
why we are so affected by the rise and fall of
gold ; and we say it is owing to the fact that we
are not paying specie. Sir, if you forced your-
self into a condition of the payment of specie
to-morrow you would not have benefited your
position one iota. The same scarcity of capital,
the same high rates of interest would exist then
as exist now; and that condition of things being
so, you could not raise wheat in the West, we
could not manufacture in the Bast, and we
shall have nothing to do to employ our com-
merce, nothing whatever to give to our flag on
the sea.
It is said that the tariff is the cause of these
high prices. I deny it. If you will give to me
a system in your Treasury that will let the
money out of it at a given rate as fast as it is
received I, for one, will pledge myself to advo-
cate the repeal of all your tariff laws in five
years. We ask for nothing in this country, in
my judgment, but the reception of the revenues
upon the market to control capital in the inter-
est of abundance and a lower rate of interest.
Give me that and I will be your strongest advo-
cate for a repeal of all your tariff acts.
We condemn speculators and gold gamblers
and stock-jobbers. I have been led into that
error myself. But, sir, those gentlemen but
occupy the position that they have been taught
to occupy, and they avail themselves of a per-
fectly legitimate trade and business. The fault
is that the Congress of the United States, under
the advice of bad advisers, leave open the op-
portunities for money-making in that depart-
ment, inducing the people of the whole country
who have capital to employ their means in
those operations, withdrawing them from the
business interests of the country. Sir, you set
the example of speculation when you, in order
to create a better value for your legal tenders,
make them scarce. What more have Drew,
and Fisk, and Gould done?—and yet you con-
demn them. What more did Vanderbilt do
when he convulsed the market in his efforts to
place Harlem where he did? You dothe same
thing exactly under the sacred sanction of law
and in behalf of a great people. You are a
stock-jobber and gold gambler as much as
they.
If the country is prosperous why is it that
you are convulsed with failures and bankrupt-
cies? Why are your newspapers and your
courts filled day by day in every village, in
every town, and in every city of this country
with accounts of bankruptcies? There were
twenty-six hundred failures in 1867, twenty-
six hundred failures in 1868, and God only
knows what will be the extent of them for 1869.
It is said that the Parliament of Charles II
was the most successful of any of its prede-
cessors. It was in consequence of its repeal-
ing most of the laws that had been enacted
centuries before. This Congress may with
profit follow its example. They will do well
to look back and take back the acts which have
tied up the capital of the country or forced it
beyond the uses of its people.
I did not intend, Mr. President, when I rose
to my feet this morning to occupy the time of
the Senate so long; and I beg pardon for having
done so ; but the subject has worn upon me,
and the thought of the condition to which this
country is certainly drifting, and the fact that
thosearound me would not listen, nor will they
believe what is the true condition of the coun-
try at the present time, the fact that no impres-
sion can be made upon anybody about me,
makes me sick at heart and almost unable to
move. I would not have occupied the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment if that condi-
tion of things did not exist. Sir, if there was
auy credit, or if there was any advantage to
the country in the position taken by me in the
beginning of this war, if the force of that ex-
ample amounted to anything, or if I have ever
done anything in the course of my life of ad-
vantage to the country, this of giving the exact
condition in which the country is placed tran-
scends them all.
The Dutch said to the English somewhere
about the middle of the sixteenth century, " So
long as you are jealous of our financial policy
we shall continue to be mistress of the seas;
we shall continue to do the manufacturing and
the weaving also for the continent and for the
world." When the Dutchman succeeded to the
throne of James after the revolution of 1688
England obtained the Dutch system, and from
a Power less than Holland at that time, with
an income not as great as that of Holland and
not one fourth that of France, in thirty years
she triumphed over them all. Preeminent stand
William of Orange and William of Nassau—one
giving liberty to his country in his contest with
Charles V; the other giving liberty, civiliza-
tion, power, to the English nation superior to
that of any nation, ancient or modern.
I have illustrated in two or three little things
to show that it was in the most trifling append-
age almost to your Treasury that had determ-
ined all these things; and if I can call the
attention of Senators to that one point, and if
they will look at it as they look at any other
subject which occupies their minds, they will
give to their country a position equal to that
now held by England with every other advan-
tage beyond that of any people in the world.
With this financial system fully established the
career of this people in development in every
direction will be the wonder of this age an5
of this period.
Sir, I do not expect t® influence the passage
of this measure. I tell the Senate that every
word that I have said as to either what is or
what is to be may be relied upon. There can
be no mistake in the things that, I h&ye given
because they have been found established on
facts upon the exacfc situation iu which thinga
are. 1 could give the record for thein ull, but
I forbear; I know they will not be read. If,
therefore, I have drawn attention in a different
direciion from what has been heretofore given
to the Senate, it is because I have studied this
subject in the direction through which Great
Britain has obtained her successes, and by
which we can obtain similar successes. I knov
of no other way to understand a question than
to compare the condition of things in a coun-
try embarrassed with the condition of things
in a country that is prosperous. I ask the
attentive consideration of the suggestions that
I have made, not expecting to embarrass par-
ticularly the passage of this measure, but still
being opposed to it as being a measure similar
in its character and tendencies to the whole
financial system which has embarrassed the
country for the past three years.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate :
i?e80?iW,(theSenatec0ncnrring,)1hfltthpSpe ker
of the House of Representatives and the President
of the Senate adjourn tbe respective Houses of the
Forty-First Congress of the United States /or the
present session on Friday, the 26th of March instant,
at twelve o'clock m., without, day.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following concurrent reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of tbe Senate:
Revolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That'ajoint special Committee on
Indian Affairs, consisting of nine members, three
from the Senate and six from the House, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be referred all matters relat-
ing to treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annu-
ities, and examination of claims referred to Congress
from the Interior Department relating to Indian.*,
with power to consider all Questions arising and, r
said treaties, and whether the same may be abrogated,
annulled, or modified; and whether any further
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and it any,
under what restriction; and whether any and what
revision of the several acts providing for the organ-
ization of the department of Indian affairs m-iy be
expedient or necessary; and also whether any und
what further provUion may benecess.ny for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for the Indians, and in what
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted,
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart lor
them, and how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
tbe laws of the United States, and what course shall
be taken toward them which shall best tend to their
civilization, Christianization, and ultimate citizen-
ship; and to report thereon by bill orotherwise. Said
committee shall have power to employ a clerk and
examine witnesses, if necessary.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 7) to strengthen the pub-
lic credit; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 6) for the pro-
tection of the interests of the United States in
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and for
other purposes.
PUBLIC CREDIT.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill that 1ms just
come from the House of Representatives is in
the same words as the first section of the bill
which is now under consideration, and I hope
that by general consent it will be substituted
in place of the present bill, so that wo shrill
not go through the form of passing the Sumy
bill by the two Houses in different form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the House bill, the Senator from
i Ohio stating that it is iu exactly the same
!i language with the hill as it now stands in Cotn-
i: mittee of the Whole, will be substituted for thu
!; bill before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to
verify it to see if thev compare exactly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (
m. R.
