1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
credit." in reality? What is our public credit?
The confidence of the public that the Govern-
ment of the United States will thoroughly ful-
fill all its obligations in their letter and their
spirit,? There is our credit.
Now, sir, to obtain and justify this confi-
dence I know of no royal road. I never have
been ajile to understand the difference between
the principle that should be applied to the
honest extinguishment of a private debt and
a public debt. I take it they both rest upon the
same principle,, and they must both be treated,
if tieated honestly, in the same manner and
to the same effect. The payment in my opin-
ion of any debt, public or private, is a mere
combined question of ability and integrity.
Every law, therefore, that we may pass which
shall have a tendency to increase our ability
to pay our public obligations will strengthen
in fact our public credit. Therefore every act
of economy, every act of retrenchment, is an
act of this character, and I will most cheerfully
vote for it upon all occasions where 1 have the
opportunity. More than that, sir, every act
which tends to create popular confidence in the
permanence of our Government is an act of
this character. Every act which tends to restore
order and regularity to our proceedings and to
distribute governmental powers in accordance
with the intent of the charter of our Govern-
ment is of this character.
Thus, sir, an act to repeal the civil tetinre-
of-office bill, to restore to the Executive those
just and necessary powers for the proper exe-
cution of his duties which were wrested from
him or from a former incumbent of that office
only in the baneful exercise of the spirit of
partisan animosity, would, iu my opinion,, do
more to strengthen publiccredittlian a hundred
such proclamations and protestations as the bill
now under consideration contains. It would
let the people of this country know, and the
people of all other countries know, that we had
performed that first great act which is the ex-
hibition of a power signifying our will and our
ability to control ourselves.
Let us have, therefore, to strengthen public
credit wholesome acts tending to prove an in-
tent to make the Government able to pay all
its creditors, and let us not invite others or
come ourselves to those barmicidal feasts of
empty words, mere inouth-honor to the credit
of our country and nothing in substance. Sir,
the bill was well termed by an honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who spoke
upon it the other day, "mere leather and pru-
nella." I think his phrase in that respect was
about equal to the deserts of the bill.
But, sir, this act professes to be a declaratory
act. The language of it is that it is intended
to "'settle conflicting questions and interpreta-
tions of the law" in virtue of which certain
obligations of the United States were incurred.
Now, I invite the attention of honorable Sen-
ators to this fact: something as due to our
own character and the character of our body.
Each bill should do in substance that which
upon its face it professes. If anything would
be derogatory to and tend to weaken the char-
acter and the credit of the United States it
would be that under the guise of one measure
you seek indirectly to accomplish something
that you dare not place fully on its face. If
this act, however called, merely a declaratory
act, be intended in any degree to add any new
stipulations of an obligatory character upon
the Government of the United States, if it be
intended either expressly or by any implication
of the present law to give any new right of
action or claim to the public creditors under
the laws under which their obligations were
issued, then I protest against its passage as
being fraudulent upon its face and untrue; and
I claim that if such an intent is to be urged
hereafter, directly or indirectly, let our action
appear that men may clearly know what it is
they vote for.
But, sir, frankly I do not consider that any
honest or reasonable construction of this act
could make it anything else than a declaration
of the opinion of this Congress as to what
former acts of Congress were intended to sig-
nify. Declaratory acts are scarcely germane
to the spirit of our Government and the form
of laws under which our Government is admin-
istered. They had their rise under the English
system of government and were intended sim-
ply to preserve the traditions of an unwritten
law. It never was intended that the law-making
power should usurp the functions of the judicial
branch of the Government and interpret laws.
That never was the intent, although there have
been some sad illustrations lately in the legis-
lation of this country indicating an intent on
the part of Congress to usurp powers that they
never were intended to exercise and which they
never can exercise with due obedience to the
restrictions of the Federal Constitution.
"A declaratory act is one made
And here I cite the leading text-wriler on
that subject, Dwarris—
"A declaratory act is one made where an old cus-
tom ot tbe kingdom is almost fallen into disuse or
become disputable, in which case Parliament lias
thought proper, in perpefua rp% tpstimmni, for avoid-
ing all doubts and difficulties, to deelare what the
common law is and ever hath been, and such statutes
are expressed in affirmative or negative terms."'
We have no such case as that here ; there is
no such necessity here. If it be true that
where the reason ceases the law ceases, then
the reason does not exist for this declaration of
opinion by Congress as to what a former Con-
gress meant. Chancellor Kent uses on this
point language which I shall here adopt and
commend to the consideration of those within
my hearing. In speaking of this matter of
declaratory laws he denies, as well he may, Ihe
power of the legislative body to make declara-
tion as to the meaning of the acts of former
Legislatures. He says:
"Itseems to be settled, as the sense of the courts of
justice in this country, that the Legislature cannot
pat-s any declaratory law, or act declaratory of what
the law was before its parage, so as to give it any
binding weight with thecourts. It is only evidence
of the sense of the Legislature as to the preexisting
law. The powers of govei nmen t in this country are
distributed in departments and each department is
confined within its constitutional limits. The power
that makes is not the power to construe the law.
That latter trust belongs to the judicial department
exclusively."
I cannot suppose that any independent judi-
ciary, any honest judicial tribunal of this coun-
try, will ever permit their peculiar and neces-
sary functions to be invaded and wrested from
them by the unauthorized act of a legislative
body. The English writer to whom I have
before referred in these remarks says :
" It is the duty of a judge, in a land jealous of its
liberties, to give effect to the expre.-s sense of the
words of the lawin the order in whicli they are found
in the act, according to their fair import and ordi-
nary undei standing."
Such, sir, will be the rule, I trust, applied by
a worthy judiciary in their consideration of the
acts under which these debts were created. For
my own part, I would ask nothing but what the
most perfect integrity and honorable action
could demand on the part of the Government
that had bound itself to pay these debts. I
will not here repeat anything in addition to
what has been so ably said by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky upon that subject,
except to make an illustration as to what that
natural sense of good faith is which exists in the
heart of man and is not placed there by educa-
tion, something that naWire itself almost dic-
tates in regard to the question of discharging
in a more valuable currency a debt which was
contracted in a debased and inferior one. Sup-
pose it had pleased the Congress of the United
States in the exercise of a power which I hold
far more constitutional and right than that
which they did exercise when they issued paper
money, professing to find a power for that under
the limitations of the Constitution—suppose
it had pleased Congress to order a debasement
of our national coinage; suppose twenty-fiveper
cent, more of alloy of worthless metal had been
interjected into our currency, and with that
base coinage men had come forward to buy
your bonds, what would be thought of the man
who when the day of payment of those bonds
arrived should say, " I gave you Lead, or lead
in certain proportions, bijt for all the worthless
metal I handed you you must gi^e mo hack
pure gold?" Whether he "was mo: 3 maddened
or more dishonest would be the O-ily question
arising in men'sminds; but I think any equit-
able mind would reject, his proposition as being
too absurd to be considered iu the light of an
honest proposition.
I do not, however, sir, propose at tais time
to makeany extended remarks upon that which
lies in the future. " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof ;" sufficient for me it is in con-
sidering this bill to find it in a shape that I
cannot give my approval to, because it trans-
gresses that which was always with me, and I
trust ever will be, the rule of my action in
treating upon governmental matters. It is an
attempt by Congress to invade the prerogatives
of another branch of the Federal Government,
and I believe that I can strengthen my Gov-
ernment no better than by keeping the proper
departments each within their proper sphere.
Our danger at this time is that men lose sight,
it seems to me, of the dividing lines of power;
that there are departments in public justice,
and that if those departments are overridden,
if those barriers are broken down, confusion
will come, the first name of which confusion
will be perhaps an elective despotism, and the
word "anarchy" will come in soon after. It
cannot be otherwise if the experience of the
past history of this world is to affect us here of
America in the future.
Therefore, sir, having heard this bill dis-
cussed within the last few days fully, having
heard the honorable Senator from Indiana dis-
cuss it at great length, having heard the hou-
orable Senator from Oregon discuss it at great
length, I have been unable to find anything of
substantial merit in it that justifies the term "a
bill to strengthen the public credit." It is a
bill rather that exhibits the will if not the power
of the legislative branch of the Government to
usurp functions which it is not fit or proper or
justified in attempting the exercise of.
While I am perfectly willing to support the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky I cannot vote for the bill in its
present shape, for I think it cannot have any
effect to strengthen the public credit; but I
think it may have this effect, in regard «) which
I either feel indifferent or am hostile: it may
temporarily inflate tae bonds of the United
States Go"ernment; but for what good end?
Is the legislation of this country to become a
matter for the use of speculators? Already
the creation of your so-called lawful money of
paper has given rise lo an elasticity of business
which has destroyed credit, which is making
everything in this country purely speculative ;
and I am not disposed to dignify such a mere
stock-jobbing result as a temporary puffing of
these bonds into an increased price as worthy
of an act of Congress or of anything that we
should give our assent to.
Then, if it is supposed that by raising these
bonds in their value temporarily you may in-
duce a larger portion to be held by fo reign
holders, to that I say, as at present advised, I
cannot give my assent or approval. As this
debt is to be paid, and as it is to be paid with
such enormous interest upon it in this other
lawful money, so superior in value to the paper
which bore that name, if the people of the
country are to pay the interest, I wish that it
should be paid to our own fellow-citizens and
not to persons who reside abroad. The strange
paradox seems to have pervaded men's minds
at the present time that the greater a man's
debt the richer he was, and the more the bouds
of our Government could beheld abroad so
much greater the proof that we were a pros-
perous, a rich, and a great nation. I cannot
so consider it. Look at the great debt of
England, .not proportionate to the amount of
accumulated capital or to the amount of inter-
est paid, one half as great as our own ; those
who are fond of citing that as an illustration
of our consolidated ability to meet it should
remember that there ran always with it tbe
proposition that it was mainly held within the
