1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
suffrage in till! territories.
Mr. JULIAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 68) to extend the right of suffrage in the
Territories of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Territories when ap-
pointed.
sale of hot springs reservation.
Mr. JULIAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 69) for the sale of the Hot Springs reser-
vation in Arkansas ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands when appointed, and ordered
to be printed.
memphis and el paso pacific railroad.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 1G) granting the right of way to
the Memphis and El Paso Pacific Railroad
Company from El Paso to the Pacific ocean;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
when appointed.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask that the committee
have leave to report that bill at any time.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
government employes.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 70) to distribute the number and rank of
Government employes among the several con-
gressional districts and Territories; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds when appointed.
monitors for crete.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 17) directing the Secretary
of the Navy to deliver possession and title
without cost to the Crete Government, through
its accredited minister to this Government, of
the two monitors Miantonomah and Agamanti-
cus, in condition, and where they now lie in har-
bor, and to be without further cost to the United
States ; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs when appointed.
national currency.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
71) supplemental to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 8, 1864 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency when
appointed, and to be printed.
property of married women.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill (II. R. No.
72) concerning the property of married women
in the District of Columbia; which was read a
first, and second time, ordered to be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia
when appointed, and to be printed.
post route in illinois.
Mr. CULLOM (on behalf of Mr. Cook, ab-
sent on account, of indisposition) introduced a
biil (H. R. No. 129) to establish a post route in
the county of Kankakee, in the State of Illi-
nois ; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads when ap-
pointed.
mississippi and atlantic railway.
Mr. CCLLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
73) to authorize and provide for the construc-
tion of a national military and freight railway
from the Mississippi river to certain ports on
the Atlantic, and for other purposes : which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals when appointed.
national currency.
Mr, INGBRSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 74) supplemental to an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3,1864, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency when appointed, and to
be printed.
mail route in illinois.
Mr. BURR introduced a bill (II. R. No. 75)
to establish a mail route in Illinois ; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post lloads when appointed.
jacob shy.
Mr. BURR also introduced a bill (H. II.
No. 76) to grant a pension to Jacob Shy, of
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions when appointed.
pension laws.
Mr. BENJAMIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 77) relating to the operations of the pen-
sion laws, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
when appointed.
st. jambs and little rock railroad.
Mr. BENJAMIN also presented a joint res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
souri, asking for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of the St. James and Little Rock
railroad ; which was ordered to be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands when
appointed, and to be printed.
appraisement of imports, etc.
Mr. FINKELNBURG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 78) to regulate the appraisement and
inspection of imports in certain cases, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means when appointed.
arsenal at st. louis, etc.
Mr. FINKELNBURG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 79) to amend an act entitled " An
act to provide for the sale of the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri," and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs when appointed.
llaleas corpus, etc.
Mr. BOYD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 80)
to amend an act entitled " An act relating to
habeas corpus and regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain cases.'' approved March 3,1863,
and an act to amend said act, approved March
11, I860 ; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary when appointed.
heirs of john a. stevens.
Mr. BOYD also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
81) for the relief of the widow and heirs of
John A. Stevens, deceased, of Springfield,
Missouri: which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims when appointed.
district court in missouri.
Mr. ASPER introduced a bill (H. R. No,
82) to provide for holding terms of the United
States district court for the western district of
Missouri at St. Joseph in said State; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary when appointed.
appraisement of imported goods.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. _R.
No. 83) relating to the appraisement of im-
ported goods ; which was read a first lind sec-
ond time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when appointed.
george j!. iialsted.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 84) for the relief of George B. Halsted:
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when appointed.
louisiana, in missouitl.
Mr. DYER introduced a bill (H. R. No. 85)
to constitute the city of Louisiana, in Mis-
souri, a port of delivery ; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
improvement of mississippi-river.
Mr. WELLS introduced a hill (H. R. No.
86) providing for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river, between the mouth ofthe Illinois
river and the mouth of the Maramec river, and
for the improvement of the harbor of the city
of St. Louis; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce when appointed.
land offices in arkansas,
Mr. BOLES introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 18) relative to the establishment
of land offices in Arkansas; which was read a
firstand second time, and ordered to be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands when
appointed.
james m. johnson and gayle h. kyle.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 87) for the relief of James M. Johnson
and Gayle H. Kyle, members-elect from the
State of Arkansas to the Thirty-Eighth and
Thirty-Ninth Congresses; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Elections.
third arkansas cavalry.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 19) relative to certain dis-
charged soldiers ofthe third Arkansas cavalry ;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs when appointed.
jesse overton.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 88) for the relief of Jesse Overton, of
Arkansas; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims when appointed.
arkansas agricultural collegk-
Mr. BOLES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 20) to extend the provisions of the act in
regard to agricultural colleges to the State of
Arkansas ; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee oil the Public Lands when appointed,
claims of citizens of arkansas.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 21) to extend the provisions
of the act of July 4, 1801, limiting the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims to the loyal
citizens of the State of Arkansas; which was
read a first and second time, and ordered to
be referred to the Committee of Claims when
appointed.
major lucien j. barnes.
Mr. BOLES also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
89) for the relief of Major Lucien J. Barnes;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs when appointed.
improvement of michigan harbors.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
90) making appropriations for certain harbors
in the State of Michigan ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and to be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce when appointed.
fur-bearing animals in alaska.
Mr. FERRY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 91) to prevent the extermination of fur-
bearing animals in Alaska; which was read
a first and second time, and ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed.
port of entry in -michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced abill \H. II.
, No. 92) to discontinue Sault Ste. Marie as a
I port of entry in the Superior district and to
