1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*1
Jasper Packard Indiana.
Job E. Stevenson Ohio.
John Fox New York.
Committee on Accounts.
Henry L. Cake Pennsylvania.
Samuel M. Arnell Tennessee.
J,i mes Buffinton Massachusetts.
William H. Kelsey New York.
J. S. Golladay Kentucky.
Committee on Expenditures in the State De-
partment.
Alexander H. Bailey New York.
Eugene Hale Maine.
Ginery Twichell Massachusetts.
John D. Stiles Pennsylvania^
Stevenson Archer Maryland.  
Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury
Department.
William B. Allison Iowa.
William A. Wheeler New York.
Israel Gr. Lash North Carolina.
Samuel J. Randall Pennsylvania.
Benjamin T. Biggs Delaware.
Committee on Expenditures in the War De-
partment.
William Williams Indiana.
Adolphus H. Tanner New York.
John Cessna Pennsylvania.
Clinton L. Cobb North Carolina.
Albert G. Burr Illinois.
Committee on Expenditures in the Navy De-
partment.
John Lynch Maine.
George W. Cowles New York.
Oliver J. Dickey Pennsylvania.
Patrick Hamill Maryland. *■
Henry A. Reeves New York.
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office
Department.
William Moore New Jersey.
John A. Bingham Ohio.
John B. Hay Illinois.
John F. Benjamin Missouri.
Stephen L. Mayliain New York.
Committee on Expenditures in the Interior
Department.
Jacob H. Ela New Hampshire.
David S. Bennett New York.
Jasper Packard Pennsylvania.
Peter W. Strader Ohio.
George M. Adams Kentucky.
Committee on Expenditures on the Public
Buildings.
John C. Churchill New York.
Jacob H. Ela New Hampshire.
Darwin Phelps Pennsylvania.
Tinman H. Hoag Ohio.
Charles M. Hamilton Florida.'
Committee on the Rules.
The Speaker Maine.
Nathaniel P. Banks Massachusetts.
Thomas W. Ferry Michigan.
James A. Garfield Ohio.
James Brooks New York.
joint Committees.
Committee on the Library.
John A. Peters Maine.
Frank W. Palmer Iowa.
George W. Woodward Pennsylvania.
Committee on Printing.
Addison H. Laflin New York.
Henry L. Cake Pennsylvania.
William Mungen Ohio.
Committee on Enrolled Bills-
John Beatty Ohio.
James S. Negley Pennsylvania.
John Fox New York.
Committee on Retrenchment.
Martin Welker Ohio.
Porter Sheldon New York.
John It. Reading .....Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. Tile Chair desires the
Clerk to read a resolution passed by the For-
tieth Congress, under which the Committee
for the Reorganization of the Civil Service of
the Government was appointed by the Chair.
It was the intention of the Chair to have had
the resolution read before the committees were
announced ; but it was inadvertently omitted.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That a joint committee, to be
composed of three members of the Senate and five
members of the House of Representatives, shall be
appointed at the beginning ot the next session, in the
same manner as other joint committees are appointed,
which shall continue daring the Forty-First Con-
gress, and shall have leave to sit during the recess
of that Congress, and whose duty it shall be to ex-
amine and report upon theexpediency of reorganiz-
ing the civil service in the seveial Departments of
the Government, the clerical force necessaryin each,
the rate of compensation, and such regulations as
will secure a moie economical and efficient perform-
ance of the civil service."
UNION PACIFIC RAILKOAD.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution for the protec-
tion of the interests of the United States in
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and for
other purposes.
The joint resolution, which was read, recites
in the preamble that the proceedings of the
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company, con-
vened in the city of New York on the 10th
day of March, 18G9, were interrupted by an ex
parte injunction issued by a judge of the su-
preme court of the State of New York before
the business of the meeting was concluded and
before the time for closing its polls ; that the
Government of the United States is largely
interested in the proper management of the
affairs of the company and in a strict observ-
ance and proper administration of the laws
organizing and governing it; and that embar-
rassing legal questions may arise as to the
validity of the acts of the meeting interrupted
as aforesaid.
The joint resolution therefore provides that
the meeting of the stockholders of the com-
pany mentioned in the preamble be declared
to have been lawfully convened and organized,
and that the resolutions adjourning t.hesameto
meet in the city of Washington on Thursday,
March 18, 1869, and fixing the city of Boston
as the place for holding the annual meeting of
the stockholders for the year 1870 be declared
valid and of full lawful force ; and the stock-
holders when convened in said adjourned
meeting in the city of Washington, or at any
adjourned meeting to be held within one month
and at Washington or Boston, are required
to elect a board of directors tor the company
for this year and until their successors shall
have been elected and qualified, and they may
then transact such other business as they are
required to do or may lawfully do. Every
stockholder at such meeting is to be entitled,
in person or by proxy, to cast one vote for each
share of stock lawfully held by him and stand-
ing in his name on the books of the company
on the 1st of March, 1869; and any and all
proxies given to be used at the meeting of the
10th of March, 1869, which were given on or
since the 1st of September, 18G8, and none
others, are to be good and valid at the adjourned
meeting to be held on the 18th of March,
18(59, and at any adjournment thereof, and may
be used thereat with the same effect as they
could have been used at the meeting of the j
10th of March, 1869. But nothing in this res-
olution is to be construed to affect or limit the
right of any stockholder who has given any
proxy to vote on his stock in person, or his
right to revoke his proxy by giving one of later
date or otherwise; but the right of* every stock-
holder thus to vote for himself or to so revoke
his proxy previously given is fully affirmed and
established.
It is further provided that on the election of i
the directors provided for in this resolution S
the term of office of all other persons then act- i
ing or claiming the right to act as directors of
thecompany, except (he Government directors, '
shall cease and determine. The board of di-
rectors is empowered, whenever in their judg-
ment the interests of tlie company or of the
Government of the United States may require
it, to remove the general office of the company
and all its books, papers, and effects from the
city of New York to either of the cities of
Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicago,
Cincinnati, St. Louis,Council Bluffs, or Omaha,
and in no manner is a free exercise of said
judgment and removal to be restrained.
It is further provided that no court other
than a United States circuit or district court
shall have power or jurisdiction to enjoin any
of the acts authorized in this resolution, or to
appoint a receiver for or on account of any of
the rights, property, assets, effects, or interests
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company in any
case in which the defense rests on the Consti-
tution or any law or treaty of the United States,
and all actions in any court whatsoever in con-
flict with this clause shall, on application of
the company or of any person interested therein
as a bona fide stockholder, he removed to the
United States district or circuit court having
jurisdiction in the district within which such
action or actions may arise, which application
to remove may be made directly to the United
States district or circuit court, and the joining
of other parties as defendants with the company-
is not to affect the right of the company to make
such application or Us right to have such cause
or causes removed.
It is further provided that the annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the company, after
the meeting provided to be held in the city of
Boston in the year 1870, may be held in either
of the cities of Boston, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
Washington, Cincinnati, Chicago, Omaha, or
St. Louis, as may be determined by the stock-
holders at their next preceding annual meeting.
Mr. AXTBLL. I objectto the consideration
of the joint resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules in order to introduce the joint resolution.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I doubt whether
the House understands this resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The question being put on suspending the
rules—there were ayes 90, noes 47.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Bixgham
and Axtell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes 28.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) for the
protection of the interests of the United States
in the Union Pacific railroad, and for other
purposes, was read a first and second time,
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and being engrossed it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
Mr. WOOD. Is it now in order to move to
refer the resolution to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad?
The SPEAKER, It is not. If the previous
question is not sustained the Chair will then
entertain that motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 32, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beaman,
Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Bhiir, Boles, Brooks,
Buffinion, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Cullom,
Dawes. Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer. Ferriss, t erry,
Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamill, Heaton, tiofir,
Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, IngersoII, Jenokes, J udd,
Julian. Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin. Lash,-Law-
renee, Logan, Loughridge. McCarthy, McCrary, Afc-
Grew. Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore. W iIIuilu Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, S.imuel P. Morrill, ZStblack
O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Paokei, Paine, Palmer,
Poland. Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots Sargent, Sawyer,
Schennh, Swfield, Shanks, John A, Smith, mlliair
