-78
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Swaim,Tafie, Tiilman,Town-
send/fwicheil, Tyner.Cadwalader O.Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn. Welker, Wbittemor8, Willard,
Williams, John X. Wilson, and Winans—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Biggs, Bird, Burr. Calkin,
Davis, Dickinson, Finkelnburg, Getz, Golladay,
fiaigbf. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Mar-
shall. Mayham, McCormick, McNeely, Moffet.Mun-
sren, Potter, Reeves, ftogers, Sohumaker, Sweeney,
Tanner, Trimble, Van Auken, Wells, Wheeler, Win-
chester, and Wood—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cowles,
Crebs, Deweese, Dixon, Doekery, Ela, Eldrid^e,
Farnsworth. Fisher, Fox. Greene, Griswold, Harde-
man, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton,Hawkins. Ilawley,
Hay, Hill, Hoag, Hotchkiss, Alexander G. Jones,
Kerr, Knapp, Lynch, Maynard> Jesse EI. Moore,
Morgan, Morrissey, Negley, Peters, Phelps, Randall,
Reading, Rice, Sanford, Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles,Stone, Strader,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump. Voorhees, Ward,
Wilkinson,, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—66.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SKEVICE.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, for reasons per-
fectly satisfactory to myself and which I think
would be so to the House, I ask to be excused
from service on the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The question being taken on excusing Mr.
Orth, It was agreed to—ayes ninety-eight.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which he was excused; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committer on the Rules be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of setting
apart some particular time of each week, month, or
other definite portion of each session for business
relating exclusively to the District of Columbia.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That tho Committee on Accounts be in-
structed to inquire in to and report to this House at the
earliest practicable period what committees should
be authorized to employ clerks and the rate of com-
pensation to be paid to each; and said committee
shall be authorized to report at any time.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 123) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending the 30th of J une, 1870; which
rej^d ^ first and second time, and referred
to the Comipittee on Appropriations.
JUDGE ABV0CATHS
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 124) to declare
#uid fix the status of judge advocates of the
Army; which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that tbe department of
judge advocate of the Army shall be fixed
«t ten members: and it authorizes the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to 211 all vacancies which have
occurred or may hereafter occur.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY TO INDIANA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 125) granting to
the soldiers of the twelfth and sixteenth regi-
ments of one year Indiana volunteers a bounty
of' fifty dollars ; which was read a first and sec-
on 1 time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
INTERNAL REVENUE WAREHOUSES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 28)
to correct an error in the enrollment of an act
approved March 3, 1869, making an appropria-
tion for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870. It enacts that the follow-
ing provision shall be deemed and declared to
be a part of the act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1889:
" Provided, That after the passage of this act the
proprietors of all bonded warehouses shall reimburse
to the United States the expenses and salary of the
storekeeper and other officers in charge of said ware-
houses, and thesame shall be paid into the Treasury
and accounted for like other public moneys, the same
haying been part of said act, which was accidentally
omitted in the enrollment thereof."
I hope, Mr. Speaker, there will be no objec-
tion to the introduction of the resolution, and
I shall make a brief explanation to the House
to show what it is. In the legislative appro-
priation bill which passed at the close of the
Fortieth Congress the provision to which I
have referred was inserted in the Senate and
agreed to by both Houses, but by a most unac-
countable mistake on the part of the enrolling
clerks, between the hour of twelve o'clock at
night and the next morning this very salutary
provision was dropped out. This joint resolu-
tion is merely for the purpose of correcting that
mistake.
Mr. DA^\ ES. I have been told that several
items dropped out of the appropriation bills
duringthe process of their enrollment. If that
be so I would suggest whether it would not be
better to have them all incorporated and passed
in one bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I willsay
in reply to my colleague that there were two
items dropped out of the appropriation bills,
one of which has already been provided for.
_ Mr. DAWE8. I have no objection to this
joint resolution ; but if it be true, as I am
told, that there are several other items which
were dropped out of the appropriation bills, it
seems to me better they should all be incor-
porated in one bill.
Mr. FAKNSWOETH. I notice from the
appropriation bills, as they have recently been
published, that a great number of things
dropped into these bills which this House
knew nothing about. That being so, would it
not be better for us to pass in review all-of the
appropriation bills which were passed at the
close of the last session ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I answer that when the gentleman says the
House knew nothingabout them he must mean
himself, and I have no doubt that is correct.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know there are
things in those bills which this House never
dreamed of when they passed* upon the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says that the bills contain matters which '
this House never dreamed of. I know that i
when the bill was passed a great many mem- j
bers were lying around the Hall asleep, and it ;
is possible they may have dreamed of them, i
[Laughter, J i
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is this debate
in order?
The SPEAKER. No objection having been
made the joint resolution is before the Hous*>,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts is enti-
tled to the floor.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to explain this joint resolution to the House.
The cost of bonded warehouses for external
revenue is paid by those who use thein: but
the cost of bonded warehouses for the internal
revenue is paid by the Government. In order
to save that cost to the Treasury a provision)
after full examination, was inserted in the
legislative appropriation bill reimbursing to
the Government those expenditures from the
parties using those bonded warehouses. I will
state for the information of the House that the
amount which is thus proposed to be saved to
the Government will reach about fifteen hun-
dred thousand dollars. At the last session this
provision passed almost without comment in
the Senate. When it came before the commit-
tee of conference it was adopted unanimously.
It will be agreed to by any one who will take
the trouble to examine the subject. By some
mistake of the enrolling clerks ic was unfor-
tunately dropped out ofthe bill, and this joint
resolution is for the purpose of correcting that
mistake.
Mr. CULLOM. As this involves a good
deal of money I hope it will be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations. Nothing
will be lost by so doing, as that committee can
consider the subject and, if necessary, report
the joint resolution back to us at an early day.
Mij BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not involve the appropriation of a dollar of
money. The law now requires the United
States to pay for these storekeepers and ware-
houses, and this joint resolution is simply to
make the owners pay these expenses them-
selves. It is right the other way from that
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will so amend his joint resolu-
tion as to confine its action to internal revenue
warehouses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It refers
only to internal revenue warehouses.
Mr. LYNCH. The language of the joint
resolution is general, and I suggest to the gen-
tleman to so amend it that it will refer only to
internal revenue warehouses.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I answer that the joint resolution provides that
only so much as passed into law at the last
session and was dropped out in the enrollment
be now enacted into law. In other words, I
merely provide for the correction of the mis-
take in the enrollment of the legislative appro-
priation bill. If it had not been for a mistake
of the enrolling clerks the provision of the
pending joint resolution would be the law at
this time.
Mr. GOBI;RN. I have no doubt of the
statement of t.he gentleman from Massachu-
setts being true ; but I desire to suggest to this
House whether a matter of this kind ought not
to be investigated by one of its committees.
Before we pass this joint resolution it ought to
be first ascertained exactly to be the fact that
this provision was omitted from one of the
appropriation bills. It seems to me that a
matter of so much importance as this is ought
not to be taken on the mere statement of any
member. While I regard the statement of the
gentleman from Massachusetts with as much
confidence as that of any other man, I any that
no member's statement should be taken in such
a. matter: but it should be referred for exam-
ination to one of its committees as to whether
the appropriation bill passed in such terms
and such a mistake was made by the enrolling
clerks. I hope, therefore, that'the joint reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no sort of objection to its reference, and I will
