1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7%
therefore move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
committee on ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to oiler the following concurrent resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there shall
be appointed a joint select Committee on Ordnance,
counting of three members of the Senate and three
meLibers of the House, to which shall be referred all
matteis in relation to ordnance and ordnance stores
which - hall come in question and be referred to them
by cither Hous^ during the Forty-First Congress,
and whose duty it shall also be to report from time
to time such measures in reference to those subjects
as to the said committee may seem advisable; and
there is hereby referred to said committee all papers
and matters which were referred to or under consid-
eration of the joint select Committee on Ordnance of
tho Fortieth Congress, and all unfinished business
reported from said jointcommitteein that Congress;
and the said committee shall have the same powers
as were conferred upon the Ordnance Committee of
the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a concurrent resolu-
tion for the purpose of reviving the Committee
on Ordnance of the last session of Congress.
Mr. POLAND. And I object to it.
Mr. SCHENCIv. 1 move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. POLAND. I hope the rules will not
he suspended, as I do not think the resolution
should be adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope we shall have some
explanation of this resolution.
Mr. SCHENCIv. lean explain the resolu-
tion in one minute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. fs debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object.
The House divided; aud there were—ayes
70, noes 40.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand tellers, and I
hope the House will allow me an opportunity
to explain the resolution.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can we all have an
opportunity to explain? If we can I do not
object; otherwise I do.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schexck and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes 40.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the yeas and
nays. I want the record to be made to see
who are in favor of covering up these frauds.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 92, nays 52, not voting
♦53 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Asper, Banks,
Beaman, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Buftinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butlei, Cessna, Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cullom, Davis. I)eweese, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry. Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hay,
Heaton, Hoar, Hopkins, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll. Alex-
ander H. Jones. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey.Knapp,
Lafiin. Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, May-
nard,Mc<Jarthy,McGrew, Mcrcur, Eliakim H.Moore,
.Te*se If. Moore. William Moore, Neglcy, Orth, Pack-
ard, Packer, Paine. Palmer. Peters. Phelps, Pomeroy,
Proper, Rogers, Roots, Santord, Sargent, Schenck,
Shanks, Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthmgton C.Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland. Tillman, To wnsend, Twichell, Tyner, XJp-
son, Van Hoi n, Welker, Wheeler. Whittemore, Wil-
kinson. Williams. Winans, and Witeher—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Axtell, Beck, Benton,
Biggs.Bird Brooks,Burr,Calkm, AraasaCobb,Crebs, 1
Dawos, Dickinson, Eldridge, Getz, Grolladay, Haight,
Haldetnnn, Hamiil, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely. MofFet,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Poland. Potter. Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Scofield, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
William Smyth, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Cadwalador C.
Washburn, Wells, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam3, Allison, Ambler,
Arnell, B.iiley, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett. Bovven, ,
Bojd, Ilodeiick R. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Cook, Covles. Dickey, Dixon. Dockery. Ela,
Fox, Greene, Griswold, Hambleton, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, IIa.w ley, Hill, Hong, Hooper, Jenckes, Kerr,
Ketehuui, Lynch, MeCormiek. McCrary. Daniel J,
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mornssey. O'Neill, Ran-
dall Sawyer, Schumaker, Stevens, Stiles, Strader,
Taffe, Voorhees, Ward, William B. Washburn, John
T. Wilson, and Woodward—53.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules.
blanton duncan.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 29; for
the relief of Blanton Duncan ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
removal ok political disabilities.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
a concurrent resolution, passed by the Senate
March 8, 1869, that a joint special committee,
consisting of four Senators aud four Repre-
sentatives, be appointed, to which shall be re-
ferred all applications for removal of political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the resolution
be concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope it will be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh no; let it be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
committee on retrenchment.
The next business on the Speaker's table
were the following amendments of the Senate
to aconcurrent resolution ol the House for the
appointment of a joint select Committee on
Retrenchment:
Strike out" seven " and insert " three," and strike
out "four'' and insert "three;" so the resolution
will then read as follows:
Jiesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That a joint
select Committee on Retrenchment, consisting of
threemembersoftheSenateand thirteen merabersof
the House, be appointed by the Presiding Officers of
the two Houses, with the same powers and duties as
were conferred upon the select Committee on Re-
trenchment in the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Con-
gresses; and to which all matters yet remaining
undisposed of which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment of tho Fortieth Congress shall
be rcfen ed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair took noticeof
this action on the part of the Senate, and only
appointed three members on the part of the
House. If the House should insist on more
members of course it will be within its power
to make the correction. The Chair did notfeel
authorized to appoint more than three members
in view of this action of the Senate.
Mr. WELKER. I move non-concurrence in
the amendments of the Senate; and if neces-
sary we can have a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The question will be on
concurrence.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
45, noes 51 ; no quorum voting,
Mr. WELKER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Welker and
Mr. Brooks were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes ten. noes not counted.
So the amendments of the Senate were non-
concurred in.
rights of citizens.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 23, for the further security of
equal rights in the Disirict of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs that the word "white,"
wherever it occurs in the laws relating to the
District of Columbia or in the charter or ordi-
nances of the cities of Washington or George-
town, and operates as a limitation on the right
of any elector of such district or of either of
the cities to hold any office or to be selected
and to serve as a juror, shall be repealed, aud
it shall be unlawful for any person or officer to
enforce or attempt to enforce such limitation
after the passage of this act.
Mr. WOOD moved to refer the bill to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
43, noes 72.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WELKERdemanded the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
6-1, noes 48.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WELKEJtt demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas a-nd
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 46? not vot-
ing 40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs Ambler, Armstiong>Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd. Buflinton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick li. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, Clarke. Atnasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dockery,
Donley, Duval, Dyer. Ela, Femss, Kerry, Fink-
cLnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gaifield, GilfilLui, Hale,
Heaton, Hoar, Hooper, Hopkins, Ilotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Law-
rence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
MeGrew, Mercur, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
Willuim Moore, Daniel J. Morrell. Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roois,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scotield, Shanks,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tan-
ner, Tillman, To wnsend, Twichell.Tyner. Upson, V an
Hoin, CadwaladerC. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, WhiUemore.Wiikiuson, Wil-
lard, AViliiams, and Winans—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Brooks, Burr, C;ilkin, Crebs, Dickinson, Eidndge,
Getz, Grolladay, llaight, Haldeman, Ham ill, Hoi man,
Johnson, Thomas L. .Jones, Knott, Marshall, May-
ham, McCormick, McNcely, Moffet, Morgan, Muu-
gen, Niblack, Potter, Reading. Reeves, Rice, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells, Eucenc M.
Wilson, Winchester, Witeher, and Wood—4ti.
NOT VOTING — Messsrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Bennett, Bowen, C,ike, Cleveland, Coburn. Cook,
Cowles, Dickey, Dixon, Farnsworth* Fox, Greeny
Grriswold, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins, Uawley,
Hay, Hill, Hoag, Kerr, Logan, Lynch, Morrissey,
Packer. Randall, Rogers, Schumaker, Sheldon, Wor-
thington C. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Voorhees, Ward,
John T. Wilson, and, Woodward~40.
So the bill was passed*
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed j and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
The next business -on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 2dr suppleme ttary to an
act entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomae railroad into and within
the District of Columbia," approved February
5, 18(57; which was taken up and read a first
and second time. It provides that the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company, which,
by the act of Congress entitled "An act to.
authorize the extension, construction, and us©
of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and Poto-
mac railroad into and within the District of
Columbia," was authorized to extend into and
construct within the District of Columbia the
lateral branch of its road in that act of Con-
gress mentioned, may enter the city of Wash'
ington with their said railroad and construct
the same within the limits of the city on and
by whichever one of the three routes herein
designated the company may elect and determ-
ine upon, namely :
First, beginning at the intersection of Alary-
land avenue and Boundary street; thence north-
