m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
westwardly along Boundary street to West
Seventh street.
Second, beginning at the intersection of
Boundary street and North Carolina avenue;
thence southwestwardly along North Carolina
avenue to South D street; thence along South
D street westwardly to Virginia avenue; thence
along Virginia avenue northwestwardly to the
intersection of South C street and West Ninth
street; or,
Third, beginning at some point on the north-
ern shore of the Eastern Branch of the Poto-
mac river between South L and South M streets;
thence westwardly between those streets to the
intersection of Virginia avenue with South L
and East Twelfth streets; thence along Virginia
avenue northwestwardly to South K street;
thence along South K street westwardly to
South B'ourth street; thence, by a line curving
to the right, to the north bank of the canal; and
thence along the bank of the'canal northwest-
wardly to Virginia avenue ; thence along Vir-
ginia avenue northwestwardly to the intersec-
tion of South C and West Ninth streets. In ail
cases where the parties owning land or other
property required by the company cannot agree
with the company on the amount of damage
claimed either for the land or materials in the
construction of its road, and a condemnation
and valuation shali have been made as provided
in the act approved February 6, 1867, either
party may appeal to the supreme court of the
District of Columbia within thirty days from '
the rendition of the verdict of the jury ; and in
all cases where the company shall take an
appeal they shall give bond to the party or
parties claiming and entitled to damages in a
penalty at least doable the sum found by the
jury, with a condition that the company shall
pay or cause to be paid such amount of dam-
ages and costs as the party may be entitled to
receive on the judgment of the supreme court,
without delay, and on which bond ample and
sufficient sureties shall be given, to be approved
by the supreme court; and in all cases where
the party or parties claimant shall appeal, it
shall be lawful for the company, if it shall re-
quire the immediate use of the property con-
demned and valued before an appeal can be
heard and decided, to execute and tender a
bond to the party in at least double the sum
found by the jury, with sureties to be approved
by the supreme court, and with a condition to
pay without delay such sum and costs as may
be awarded by the court without further delay;
and upon the delivery or tender of such bond
the company may proceed to the construction
of their road as if the parties claimant and the
company had agreed upon the compensation to
be paid for the property to be used ; and in all
eases where the company shall appeal and give
bond they may have the power to proceed in
the construction of the road and appropriation
of the property for the uses thereof as if no
appeal had been taken and the parties had
agreed upon compensation for the property re-
quired. In all cases where the company and
parties agree upon the price to be paid for land
and materials the same shall be paid before the
property shall be taken and used.
The Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany and any other party or parties interested,
and who may consider themselves aggrieved
by the verdict of the jury, are to have the right
to appeal to the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, which shall have jurisdiction of
all such cases, and shall hear and determine
the same, after notice to all parties, without,
the intervention of a jury, and the judgment
of the court is to be final.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I movethat the bill be
put upon its passage ; and if there beno desire
to debate it I will demandthe previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
• tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alaska eor-beailinfl animals.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 32, to prevent the extermi-
nation of fur-bearing animals in Alaska ; which
was taken up and read a first and second time,
it provides that it shall be unlawful to kill any
fur-seal upon the islands of St. Paul and St.
George, or in the waters adjacent thereto,
except during the months of June, July, Sep-
tember, and October in each year; and it shall
be unlawful to kill such seals at any time by
the use of firearms; but the natives of the
islands are to have the privilege of killing such
young seals as may be absolutely necessary
for their own food and clothing during other
months, and also such old seals as may be
required for their own clothing and for the
manufacture of boats for their own use, which
killing shall be limited and controlled by such
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
It is declared to be unlawful to kill any
female seal or any seal less than one year old
at any season of the year except as thus pro-
vided, and also to be unlawful to kill any seal
in the waters adjacent to those islands, or on
the beaches, cliffs, or rocks where they haul up
from the sea to remain. Any person who shall
violate either of these provisions is to be pun-
ished, on conviction, for each offense by a fine
of not less than $200 nor more than $1,000,
or by imprisonment not exceeding six months,
or by such fine and imprisonment both, at the
discretion of the court having jurisdiction and
taking cognizance of the offense ; and all ves-
sels, their tackle, apparel, and furniture, whose
crew shall be found engaged in the violation
of any of the provisions of the act are to be
forfeited to the United States.
For the period of ten years from and after
the passage of the act the number of fur-seals
which may be killed for their skins upon the
island of St. Paul is limited and restricted to
seventy-five thousand per annum; and the num-
ber of fur-seals which may be killed for their
skins upon the island of St. George is limited
and restricted to twenty-five thousand per an-
num. The Secretary of the Treasury in any
contract made by authority of the act is to re-
serve the power to restrict and limit the right
of killing if it shall become necessary for the
preservation of the seals, with such" propor-
tionate reduction of the rents reserved to the
Government as shall be right and proper.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to lease
separately, to the best advantage, for a term
of ten years from the 1st day of April next,
the right to engage in the business of taking
fur-seals on the islands of St. Paul and St.
George, and to send a vessel or vessels to those
islands for the skins of such seals, giving to
the lessee or lessees of each island a lease duly ,
executed, in duplicate, not transferable, and
taking from the lessee or lessees of the island
of St. Paul a bond, with sufficient sureties,
in a sum not less than $120,000. and from the
lessee or lessees of the island of St. George a
bond of like sureties in a sum not less than
$40,000, conditional for the faithful observ-
ance of all the laws and requirements of Con-
gress and of the regulations of the Secretary
of the Treasury touching the subject-matter of
taking fur-seals and disposing of the same, and
for the payment of all taxes and dues accru-
ing to the United States connected therewith.
In making these leases the Secretary of the
Treasury is to have due regard to the preserv-
ation of the seal fur trade of the islands and
the support of the natives thereof. The lessees
are to furnish to the several masters of vessels
employed by them certified copies of the leases
held by them respectively, which shall be pre-
sented to the Government revenue officer for
the time being who may be in charge at the
islands, as the authority of the party for land-
ing and taking skins.
At the expiration of the term of ten years,
or on surrender or forfeiture of any lease, other
leases may be made in the same manntr for
other terms of ten years; but no persons other
than American citizens shall be permitted, by
lease or otherwise, to occupy the islands, or
either of them, for the purpose of taking the
skins of fur-seals therefrom, nor shall any for-
eign vessel be engaged in taking such skins:
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall vacate
and declare any lease foreited if the same be
held or operated for the use, benefit, or ad-
vantage, directly or indirectly, of any person or
persons other than American citizens. Every
lease shall contain a covenant on the part of
the lessee that be will not keep, sell, furnish,
give, or dispose of any distilled spirits or spir-
itous liquors on either of the islands to any
of the natives thereof, such person not being
a physician and furnishing the same for use as
medicine; and any person who shall kill any
fur-seal on either of the islands, or in the
waters adjacent thereto, (excepting natives, as
provided by the act,) without authority of the
lessees thereof, or either of them, and any per-
son who shall molest, disturb, or interfere with
the lessees, or either of them, or their agents
or employes in the lawful prosecution of their
business, under the provisions of the act, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.
In addition to the rental provided for, a
revenue tax or duty of one dollar is to be laid
upon each fur-seal skin taken and shipped from
the islands, to be paid by the party taking the
same into the Treasury of the United States ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is em-
powered to make all needful rules and regula-
tions for the collection and payment of the
same, for the comfort and protection of the
natives of the islands, and also for carrying
into full effect all the provisions of the act.
The Secretary of the Treasury may terminate
any lease given to any person, company, or
corporation, on full and satisfactory proof of
the willful violation of any of the provisions
of the act or the rules and regulations estab-
lished by hira.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope that will be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. AXTELL. I move that it be now put
upon its passage.
Mr. JOHNSOX. I desire to oppose the bill,
and I trust that it will not now be put upon its
passage.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-message kro.m tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, itsSecretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed the following bill
and joint and concurrent resolutions, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 11) to renew certain giants of
land to the State of Alabama;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) authorizing
the removal of the public stables, steam saw-
mill, and other public buildings from the Capi-
tol grounds;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) relative to
consular fees;
Concurrent resolution rescinding concurrent
resolution of the two Houses passed at the
third session of the Fortieth Congress for the
appointment at the first session of the Forty-
First Congress of a joint committee to examine
into and report, upon the expediency of a re-
organization of the civil service of the United
States; and
Concurrent resolution providing that the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, and the Committee on
Accounts of the fiouse of Representatives be
a joint committee for the purpose of conferring
