TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 15,
atives of the value of ten cents and less. To
do this there will be required at_ present no
large purchase of nickel. The bill proposes
to call in the outstanding coinage of these
values. And the pennies with the twelve per
cent, of nickel and the old three and five-cent
pieces with their twenty-five per cent, of
nickel, will probably furnish the Mint with all
or nearly all the nickel it will require for the
coming two years. At least the amount to be
purchased will not be greater than that now
purchased for your multiform, and I was about
to say-barbarous, coinage.
If there be any other questions from gentle-
men I will now answer them. But before re-
ceiving any other question I would like to make
a more definite statement of the profits of this
coinage.
- Mr. SCOFIELD. If the House now adjourns
■will not this bill be the first business in order
to-morrow?
.The SPEAKER. It will come up as un-
finished business after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
adjourn until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The very long journal
will- keep the clerks hard at work until late
to-night. All the bills and joint resolutions
that have been introduced to day and all the
eommittees that have been announced must
be journalized.
Mr. DAWES. This will not affect the labor
of the journal clerks, who are now engaged in
their work. Let us finish up this bill before
we adjourn ; let us do something.
- Mr. KELLEY. I was about stating that,
taking the present market value of the metal
required for these coins, the copper and nickel,
I have the assurance of the Director of the
Mint—and to this I invite the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,]
—that the cost of these coins is as follows:
for one hundred five-cent pieces, seventy-four
cenls; for one hundred three-cent pieces, forty-
four cents; for one hundred one-cent pieces,
twenty-two cents. The change from the coin-
age we now have will add largely to the profits
of the Government, as it will to the convenience
of the people.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does the
bill provide for the redemption of these new
issues?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Then there
will not be any profit, I apprehend.
Mr. KELLEY. There will be a profit to
this extent: these coins, to the amount of
$40,000,000, will be required to supplant the
present coinage and to supply the wants of the
people. I now yield, as I promised, to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
_Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The House
will observe, Mr. Speaker, that this is no small
matter. This bill proposes to empower the
Director of the Mint to purchase material to
make these coins to the amount of $40,000,000.
Mr. KELLEY. In a long series of years.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In a series
of years, which will be longer or shorter ac-
cording as he works faster or more slowly in
getting in the present coinage, and supply-
ing the country with these new coins. Now,
my amendment simply provides that in pro-
curing this material, nickel, which the gentle-
man says has a market value just as cotton
or flour or any other marketable commodity,
the purchases shall be made by contract with
the lowest bidder after public advertisement.
I here will be required of this metal—I speak
within bounds—at least $10,000,000 in value
Mr KELLEY. If the gentleman had
tened to my statement 
Mr. BU I'LBR, of Massachusetts. I did
listen to it.
Mr. KELLEY. He would have learned that
nickel is a component part to a very large
extent of coins already in circulation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I heard
%at. But I say that at least $10,000,000 in
vulue of this metal will be required to be ob*
by exchange of the present coin-
age or by purchase. Now, all I desire is to
protect the interests of the United States. We
have now, no doubt, a very honest Director of
the Mint. But suppose that by accident we
should not have such an officer hereafter; I
desire that there shall not be a purchase or
acquirement of $10,000,000 worth of property
by the United States, unless all the people
have an opportunity to bid for the contract. I
am acting only in the interest of the Govern-
ment and of the people. 1 cannot see why
there should be objection to my proposition.
It contemplates the same system that we adopt
in all similar matters. My amendment, which
I have sent to the Clerk's desk, provides that
ail materials purchased under this bill shall be
purchased under contract from the lowest bid-
der after public advertisement.
Mr. KELLEY. Say '"lowest and best bid-
der."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
purchase be made from the lowest bidder who
can furnish the required article. This is not
a thing that requires any particular skill any
more than to furnish the metal. ILits not like
buying wagons, for instance, where you might
want the best wagons. This metal is to be
bought in the pig, in the bar. If a man offers
to furnish the metal, and does furnish it at a
lower price than anybody else, let the purchase
be made from him. Ifhe does not furnish it,
it is easy to obtain it from somebody else.
Mr. DICKEY. Let me ask the gentleman
right here whether the quality of the nickel in
the 'bar does not differ as much as the quality
of the spokes of a wagon ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman means to say that there is a differ-
ence in the bars as to fineness and purity I
agree with him ; but that matter can always be
tested at the Mint. I cannot conceive what
reasonable objection there can be to my prop-
osition.
Right here I want to make a single remark.
At the beginning of the last session of Congress
I was bold enough to advocate a spe.cies of
money which should not have any intrinsic
value. 1 know that my doctrine on that sub-
ject was deemed at the time a great heresy. I
am, however, glad to see it is now proposed
to issue for the use of our people $40,000,000
of money which it is agreed shall not have any
intrinsic value any more than if it were so much
leather or paper, or anything else stamped as
bearing a certain value. The intrinsic value
of this coinage is to be as nothing compared
with the stamped value. I trust that this is
the beginning of an experiment which shall
give us 
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman wants to
move his amendment let him have it reported
to the House. I cannot yield my whole hour
to him for the discussion generally of this
whole question, and for the purpose of stating
what he did in the last Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
showing what you have done, and I desire to
have the bill so amended that the Government
will not be cheated in buying the amount of
metal which may be necessary. For that pur-
pose I will move the following proviso:
Provided, That the materials purchased under
thjy act shall be by public advertisement for con-
tracts at the price offered by the lowest bidder there-
IOl'.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot consent to aeeept
that amendment., because there is, as we have
learned from reports of the Mint, so great a
difference in the quality of the metals, both
copper and zinc, as to have given at times
great difficulty in managing them; but I am
happy to say that scientific experiment with
every grade of copper known to the science of
metallurgy has demonstrated that the copper
of Lake Superior can be used with the greatest
advantage in the various alloys at the" Mint.
In nickel the difference is as great. Unless the
gentleman from Massachusetts, therefore, will
modify his amendment so as to embrace not
only the idea of cheapness, but the superiority
of the quality, I will not consent to its beiti"
brought to a vote; for mere cheapness would
compel the Director of the Mint to buy metals
which would be unfit for coinage.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where is the best nickel
to be obtained ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That i-s
the auestion which I was about to ask the gen-
tleman.
Mr. KELLEY. The best nickel obtained
at this time is from a mine in Pennsylvania.
The best nickel of commerce is from England.
I wish to say to the gentleman from Missouri,
whose colleague at the last session had inserted
in the bill a provision that none but American
materials should be used, that those who^ are
engaged in the production of nickel in Eng-
land are to-day in treaty for the establishment
of works at Lamotte, Missouri, at which place
there is the richest deposit of nickel to be
found.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
the other States to have a chance to compete
with the Pennsylvania mine.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman is acting in
the interest of a New York concern.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
heard of such a thing before.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 now wish to redeem my
promise to the gentleman from .New York ; but
before yielding to him I wish to say that my
only object is to secure to the Mint not only
the cheapest, but the best materials.
Mr. POTTER. I merely wish to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
What will be the intrinsic value of the coin
which it is proposed to create by this bill ?
What will be the intrinsic value, for illustration,
of the twenty-five cent pieces as compared
with the gold coinage ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer the gentle-
man. According to the bill these pieces are
to be composed of copper and nickel m the
proportions of not less than twenly-five per
cent, nor more than thirty-three per cent, of
nickel. It will require costly machinery to
counterfeit one single piece of our token coin-
age. Nickel is a metal difficult to work, and we
have a letter from the Director of the Mint show-
ing that they have never in ail the coin they have
examined found a counterfeit of these nickel
pieces. The allusion, therefore, to nickel coun-
terfeits is a mistake. Taking the proportion
of twenty-five per cent, of nickel, tile intrinsic
value will be seventy-four cents for one hun
dred pieces of five cents, anQ taking the pro-
portion of thirty-three per cent of nickel it
will be eighty-eight cents in currency. I have
not made the calculation in gold.
Mr. POTTER. That is near enough.
Mr. KELLEY. If twenty-five, itwiilbefortv-
four cents for one hundred of three cents: if
thirty-three, it will be fifty-three cents for one
hundred of three cents. I desire to hear the
question which the gentleman irom New York
wishes to put to me.
Mr. POTTER. My objection is that it de-
bases the coin. The original coin will be
debased about one third ; that is to sav, nom-
inally a dollar of the new coinage will lie worth
but sixty-six cents.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman, in
reply, if he can tell me the intrinsic value of
one hundred bronze cents, or of fifty two-cent
pieces which we now use ? They have only
the commercial value of old metal.
Mr. POTTER. Doesthe gentleman under-
stand that the new coinage will be of nxere
intrinsic value than the existing debased coin-
age?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; it will be of more
intrinsic value; and being smaller and re-
quiring but one alloy, instead of the several vv<:
now use, they will be more economically made
at the Mint: that is, they will cost the Govern
ment less to make them in pioportion to their
intrinsic value.
Mr. GARIIELD. Willthegentleman please
tell me what the five-cent com will he worth
intrinsically ?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 have already stated it.
-if they are made of twenty.fiy« pel.
