THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSP.
March IS,
8,nd referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
great salt lake city.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also by unanimous
consent, introduced a Mil (H. R. No. 128) for
the relief of the inhabitants of Great Salt Lake
City, in Utah: which was read a first and sec-
ond time, an® referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
contbstbd-eiection oasgs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers in the following con-
tpsted-eUrCtion cases; and the same.were re-
%rr$d to the Committee of Elections:
Contested-election case from the second con-
gr^siopal district of Louisiana ;
Contested-election case from the fourth con-
gressional district of Louisiana;
. Contested-election case from the fifth con-
gressional district of Louisiana;
Contested-election case of Van Wyck vs.
Greene, from the eleventh congressional dis-
trict of New York ;
Contested-election case of Zeigler vs. Rice,
from the ninth congressional district of Ken-
tucky ; and
Contested-electioncaseofBoydenes. Shober,
from the sixth congressional district of North
Carolina.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Read-
ing for four days,
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDos-
alb, its Chief Clerk, announced that that body
had passed without amendment the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 7) to strengthen the public
credit.
printing of bills.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent of
the House that the various bills introduced by
me this morning may be printed.
No objection was made, and the order to
print was made accordingly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
, now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at fow o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of George
H. Nixon, of Tennessee, for relief from politi-
cal disabilities.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A petition of citi-
zens of Canton, Missouri, praying for the re-
peal of the duties on foreign barley.
By Mr. BO WEN: The petition of T. C. Hub-
bell, postmaster at Orangeburg, South Caro-
lina, for relief from liability on account of
stolen post office funds.
Also, a memorial of citizens in his behalf,
with accompanying affidavits.
liy Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Mary S. Wilson, for compensation
for property destroyed in Paducah, Kentucky,
during the war.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Rev. J.
C. K. Milligan and 800 others, praying that
the Constitution be' amended by inserting a
clause acknowledging Almighty God, the Lord
Jesus Christ, and the Holy Seriptures.
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petition of Dr.
A. D. Wellenger, of New London, Ohio,pray-
iftg for the repeal of so much of the internal
revenue act as imposes a tax of ten dollars
upon physicians whose business amounts to
less than one thousand dollars per annum,
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of GalHns
Kirchner, of Jennings county, Indiana, for re-
lief in connection with contract with the United
S%tes for furnishing blue limestone for public
- 1863..
: The petition of Mar-
garet P. Duff, widow of John W. Duff, private
company B, tenth regiment Tennessee cavalry
volunteers, praying relief against defective
proof of enlistment.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey : A petition
of owners and masters of vessels of Port Jef-
ferson, Long Island, praying the intervention
of Congress to protect all engaged in naviga-
tion from illegal exactions by State and muni-
cipal corporations.
Also, a petition of owners and masters of
vessels of Greenport, Long Island, praying
the intervention of Congress to protect all
" in navigation from illegal taxes.
Also, a petition of the. Vessel Owners' and
Captains' Cooperative Association of New
York, praying the intervention of Congress to
protect all engaged in navigation from illegal
exactions by State and municipal corporations.
Also, the petition of Joseph H. Cunningham,
of Baltimore, Maryland, of schooner S. B.
Harding, praying Congress to protect all en-
gaged in the oyster trade from illegal taxes by
the States of Maryland and Virginia.
Also, the petition of Captain Edward J. Rus-
sell, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Captain Joseph \V. Del-
lastations, for the same purpose.
By Mr. PROSSER : The petition of William
L. Nance, for the payment of quartermaster
stores taken and used by the United States
Army during the war.
By Mr. ROOTS : A memorial from the Gov-
ernor and other officers and citizens of Arkan-
sas, asking for an expenditure annually in each
southern State for the benefit of education of
an amount equal to the cost of maintaining a
regiment.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of William
B. Sloan, for removal of political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Dwight F. Hayes, of
Indiana, praying Congress to pay him for cot-
ton seized by the United States.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of D. B.
Allen & Co., for services in carrying the United
States mails.
Also, the petition of Abraham Jacobs, for
services in carrying the United States mails.
Also, the memorial of Charles S. Divine, for
compensation as first-class pilot.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Theodore
Kirner, for a pension.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Andrew Diss, of Ohio, praying for relief and
compensation for causes therein stated and set
forth.
By Mr. WARD : The petition of George H.
Blackmon, for increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Barnabas Leach, for
compensation.
Also, the petition of James Dand, guardian,
&c., of Charles M. Brown, for relief.
Also, the petition of George G. Langworthy.
for compensation.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition
and testimony in the case of James 0. K. Hub-
bard, a soldier of the war of 1812.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 10, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De Hass, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That th e Speaker
of the House of Representatives and the President
of the Senate adjourn the respective Houses of the
Forty-First Congress of the United' States for the
present session on Friday, the 26th of March instant
8,t twelve o'clock m., without day.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolution
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table for the present.
joint committee on indian affairs
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives:
Resolved ly the Borne of HfpreieninHves. (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That a joint special Committee oa
Indian Affairs, consisting of nine numbers, three
from the Senate and six from the House* he ap-
pointed, to whom shall be referred all matters reiat-
ing to treaties wiih Indian tribes, paymaotot annu-
ities, and examination of claims referred to Congress
from the Interior Department relating to lodinns,
with power to consider all questions arising nndfr
said treo ties, and whet h er th e same m ay be abrogated,
annulled, or modified; and whether any further
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and if any,
under what restriction; and whether any ana what
revision of the several acts providing for the organ-
ization of the department of Indian affairs may be
expedient or necessary; and also whether any and
what further provision may be necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for the Indians, and in what
manner and to whatextent they shall be subsisted,
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart for
them, and how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
the laws of the United States, and what course shall
be taken townid them which shall best tend to their
civilization, Chiistianization. and ultimatei citizen-
ship ; and to report thereon by bill or otherwise. Said
committee shall have power to employ a clerk and
examine witnesses, if necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that that reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution adopted at a mass meeting of naturalized
Germans in the city of New York, without dis-
tinction of party, approving and ratifying the
resolutions and memorial presented by the joint
committees of conference of the Democratic
general and Republican central committees
in reference to the proposed changes of the
laws of naturalization, and declaring the same
to be the unanimous expression of the mass
meeting ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Ap-
pleton Grey, of Montgomery, Texas ; the peti-
tion of William C. Hooker, of Montgomery,
Texas ; and also the petitions of Charles L. S.
Jones, Joseph Boom, and Lemuel C. Cart-
wright, all of Montgomery, Texas, praying to
be relieved from political disabilities; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that women
be granted the right of suffrage ; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that women
be granted the right of suffrage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan, which I ask may be read, printed, and lie
on the table.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as fol-
lows :
Joint resolutions requesting our members of Con-
gress to use their influence in procuring the pas-
sage of an act granting the right of way and aid
to the State of Michigan for the purpose of aiding
in building a railroad from the shore of Green bay,
or Bay de Noe, to the iron district, in Menomooea
county.
Whereas large deposits of iron ore have, within
the last two years, been discovered in the interior of
Menomonee county; and whereas the wholeciiuntry
between the shore of Green bay and said deposits of
iron ore is a wilderness, with no roads or settlements;
and whereas to open up said mines and to mako
them useful to this St tte and nation it is necessary
that a railroad be constructed Xo the same, and be-
lieving that not only the State, but the wkoJecountiy
will be bonefited by opening said mines to the world •
therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and Houne of Represtntativts
of theblatenf Michigan, That our Senatois and Repre-
sentatives in Congress be requested to use ail proper
efforts for the passage of an act granting the nfriit
of way through lands of the United States and aid
for the construction of a railroad tVoui said deposits
of iron ore to the most feasible point on Green bav
or Bay de Noo; Pr-mded, Thatif ihe aid asked shall
be granted 111 the form of an appropriation of lands
Sui,i.ani ,J •not; he taken out of market, but
shall be held subject to sale, and the proceeds thereof
held as a fund m trust to be applied in aid of said
railroad.
Renohed, That theGovernorbe requested ty tran ~
