m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 136)
to establish a postal telegraph system and to
incorporate the United States Postal Tele-
graph Company ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
arid Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 137) to grant lands to the Northern Mich-
igan Railroad Company in extension of the
Northern Pacific railroad; which was read
twice' byits-title, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
•. Mir; SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 138) for the relief of Abbott Q. Ross;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, aud ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by tTnanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
135) for the relief of Catharine H. Crown,
widow of the late Thomas Crown, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 140) to renew certain grants of land to the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, aud by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 141) to provide a remedy for the loss or
destruction of judgment records or decrees ap-
pertaining to proceedings in the United States
courts ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, aud by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 142) to perfect the title of Franklin Oliver,
6 soldier of the war of 1812, to certain lands
winch he claims to have covered by military
«si "rants; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 143) to define the qualifications of voters
in the Territory of Utah; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been informed,
and suppose it to be "true, that a majority of
the citizens of the United States living in Utah
cannot vote on account of their sex. This, I
think, is a very important bill, and I hope it
will be reported on promptly by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, to which committee I
move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S: No.
144) to create the office of surveyor general
of the Territory of Wyoming, provide for the
survey of the public lands therein, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
tale, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 29) in relation to the Bur-
lington and Missouri River railroad branch of
the Union Pacific railroad; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. As the,committee have
examined this resolution, at'the request of the
Senators from Iowa I ask that it may be read
at length and considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution ?
iir. SHERMAN. I should like to hear it
rend through first.
The join, resolution was read.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that one of
the Senators.from Nebraska, who is not now in
hiii seat; wishes to look into this matter. I am
iiuormed that he objects to the passage of the
resolution until he can see and examine it. I
move, therefore, that it lie on the table for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 30) to authorize the recog-
nition of the independence of Cuba ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to a bill that will soon come up relative
to the distribution of bank circulation. I will
state that my amendment is to strike out the
fourth section of Senate bill No. 43, and to
insert what I send to the Chair. I move that
the proposed amendment be received and or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message fkom the hocsk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 23) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
and
A bill (S. No. 25) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore aud Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1857.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (H. R. No. 124) to
declare and fix the status of judge advocates
of the Army ; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the resolution of the House for the ap-
pointment of a joint Committee on Retrench-
ment.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 124) to declare and fix
the status of judge advocates of the Army was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
c03xmittee on retrenchment.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the appointment of a joint
Committee on Retrenchment, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
Resolved, That tho Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said resolution disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of tho two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That theconfereos on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Patterson, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Casserly.
executive communication.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting the report of the
Government directors of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company j which was referred to the
Com mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 7) to strengthen the
public credit; and it was thereupon signed by
the Vice President.
naval reorganization.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 24) to reorganize
the Navy of the United States.
The reading of the bill was resumed. The
next amendment in order was to add to sec-
tion [nine] eight the words "nothing con-
tained in this section shall he construed as
vacating the commission of any master or
ensign now in the service so as to make the
section read:
And be itfurther enacted, That tho number of moo-
ters and ensigns authorized by jaw U hereby fixed
and established at one hundred in each grade; and
ensigns in the Navy shall hereafter bestoer^o offi-
cers, unless assigned to duty as watch and division
officers. Nothing contained in this section shall be
construed as vacating the commission of any master
or ensign now in the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [ten]
nine, line nine, after the word " lieutenant"
to insert "but junior to that grade;*5 in line
ten, after the word i( master," to insert "but
junior to that grade-/' in line twelve, after the
word " ensign," to insert " bat junior to that
grade;" and in line sixteen to strike out the
word li to " and insert u below j" so that the
section will read:
And be it furtker enacted, That the medical corps
of the Navy shall consist of one Surgeon General,
with the assimilated rank of commodore; five med-
ical inspectors, with the assimilated rank of captain,
butjunior to that grade; ten deputy inedicalinspect-
ors, with the assimilated rank of commander, but
junior to that grade ; ten staff surgeons, with the as-
similated rank of lieutenant commander, butjunior
to that grade; forty surgeons, with the assimilated
rank of lieutenant, but junior to that grade; forty
passed assistant surgeons, with the assimilated rank
of master, but junior to that grade; and torty-five
assistant surgeons, with the a&iimilat.cl rank of en-
sign, but junior to that grade. But nothing in tbis
act shall be so construed as to deprive any medical
officerof his commission; and no promotion shall be
made to the various grades herein mentioned until
the number in said gradesshaU be reduced below the
number mentioned in this act. The pay of the Sur-
geon General shall be that now allowed to the chief
of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery; and med-
ical inspectors, deputy medical inspectors, and stall
surgeons, shall be paid as now from the date of their
commissions, as surgeons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [eleven]
ten, line eight, after the word '•lieutenant" to
insertki but junior to that grade ; " in line ten,
after the word master, " to insert *'but juu-
ior to that grade ;" in line twelve, after the word
11 ensign, " to insertu but junior to that grade:"
in line sixteen to strike out the word uto" and
insert u below;" so that the section will read :
And be it further enacted. That the pay corps of the
Navy shall consist of oue Paymaster General, with
the assimilated rank of commodore; live pay inspect-
ors, with the assimilated rank of captain, but junior
to that grade: ten deputy pay inspectors, with the
assimilated rank of commander, but junior to that
grade; ten staff paymasters, with the assimilated
rank of lieutenant commander, but junior to that
grade; twenty-five paymasters, with the assimilated
rank of lieutenant, but junior to that giade; twenty-
five passed assistant paymasters, with the as&iuiiiated
rank of master, but juniorto thatgrade; and twenty-
five assistant paymasters, with the assimilated rank
ot ensign, but junior to that grade. But nothing in
this act shall be so^ construed aa to deprive any pay
officer of his commission ; and no promotions shall be
made to the various grades herein mentioned until
thenumber in saidgrades shall be reduced bclowtne
number mentioned in this act. The pay of the Pay-
master General shall be that now allowed to tlie chief
of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing: and pav
inspectors, deputy pay inspectors, and stuff paymas-
ters shall be paid as now, irom the date of their com-
missions, as paymasters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [twelve]
eleven, line eight, after the word lieuteuant"
to insert " but junior to that grade j" in line
nine, after the word "master," to insert (tbut
junior to that grade y1 in line eleven, after the
word" master," to insert " butjunior to that,
grade;" and iu line fifteen to strike out the
word "to" and insert " below ;" so that the
section will read:
Andbeit further enacted, That tho engineer corp.-
ot the jNavy shall consist ot three inspectors of ma-
chinery, with the assimilated rank of captam, but
junior to that grade; five deputy inspectors of machi-
nery, with the assimilated rank of commander, but
; junior to that grade; eight staff engineers, with tho
i assimilated rank oflieutenantcominander, butjunior
1 to that grade; thirty engineers, with the assimilated
rank of lieutenant, but junior to that grade - siuv
hrst assistant engineers, with the assimilated rank
of master, but junior to that grade; and seventy-
tour second assistantengineers, with the assimilated
rank ot ensign, but junior to that grade. But noth-
ing in this act shall be so construed a3 to deprive any
engineer officer ot his commission. And no promo-
tions shall be made to the vaiious grades herein
mentioned until the number in said grades shall be
nroTu9®, t*1® number mentioned in this act.
The title of chief enirmeer in the Navy is hereby
changed to engineer. Inspeetorsofmaobf tier*, deputy
