88
THE OONOEISBIONAL G-LOM;
March 16,
bill No. 8, to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded ta
consider the bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
an amendment, to strike out in line five the
word "repealed" and to insert ''suspended
until the next session of Congress so as to
make the bill read:
That an ftcfc passed the Id of March, 1867, entitled
"4  act reguiHiiDc i he lenurp of eertain civil offices,"
be, and the same is hereby, suspended until the next
session 6f Congress.
, ;jfcr. TE0MBULL. Mr. President, this ques-
tion of the tenure of office under our Govern-
ment has been one about which various opin-
ions have prevailed from the beginning, and
good fnenof all parties and at all times during
Ih-e history of the Government have thought
that there was an evil in the system which pre-
vailed. The Constitution seems to be very clear
as to the appointment of office) s, and when we
refer to thai instrument we find that no person
in this country can by its provisions be ap-
pointed to any office whatever, winch is not
made elective by its terms, except by the con-
sent of Congress or the consent of the Senate.
The' men who made the Constitution declared
in so many words that the President should
nominate, and by and with advice and consent
of the Senate appoint, all officers provided for
by the Constitution and all officers whose offices
should be established by law. The Constitu-
tion then gave Congress authority to allow the
President alone or the heads of Departments
or the courts of law to appoint inferior officers
in such cases as Congress should think proper.
So it will be seen that not an officer can be
appointed in this Government, under the plain
reading of the Constitution, except by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate or by the
permission of Congress in pursuauce of a law
authorizing the President, heads of Depart-
ments, or courts of law to appoint certain infe-
rior officers. To this there is no exception;
but- the- men who made the Constitution, aware
that the Senate would not always be in session,
provided for a filling up, as they called it, of
vacancies which should happen during the
recess in this language :
"The President shall have power to fill up"—
Not to appoint, it will be observed, as in the
previous clause of the Constitution, but—
"to fill up alf vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the benate by granting commissions which
shall expire at the end of their next session."
The plain reading of this Constitution would
seem to be that the consent of the Senate
should he necessary to the appointment of all
the officers, and. that this exception of filling
vacancies was only to be extended to cases
which should happen, occur by accident, and
not to those which should be made by removal •
and then tne persons who were appointed un-
der^ that clause were only to hold temporarily
until the end of the next session of the Senate.
Under this Constitution, which in its language
seems to be thus clear, a practice obtained of
removing from office during the recess of the
Senate by the Executive. That has obtained
to a great extent during almost the whole his-
tory of the Government. The authority to
remove was combated at various periods in
our history, and it was thought to be a great
evil that persons should be removed from office
at the will of the President, or, as it finally
virtually became the practice, not at the will of
the I resident, but really at the will of the local
representative, for a habit had grown up by '
which, the appointment of the local officers !
throughout the 0 nited States was virtually left
to the Representative from the district. He
designated the postmasters and the revenue offi-
cers, and whoever else were to be appointed from
his district, and he removed them at bis pleas-
ure; that is, he recommended removals, and
generally succeeded in obtainingthem whenever
he was acting in harmony with the Adrmnistra-
at that time.
' Tte was- thought to be a great evil, and some
reform in the tenure of office seemed to be
demanded by the people for many-years. Two
years ago the Congress of the United States
with very great unanimity passed what is known
as the tenure-of-office act, by which persons
once appointed to office by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate were to continue
in their offices until removed by the appoint-
ment of a successor by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or the Senate should in
some other way assent to their removal. But
this law is somewhat crude and Cumbersome.
It was passed during an emergency in the Gov-
ernment, at a time when there was a conflict
of opinion between the executive and the legis-
lative departments of the Government, and
seemed to be required by the necessity of the
time. Now we have a change of Administra-
tion. There has succeeded to the Presidency
one who is the choice of the people for that
office, or he could not occupj' it, one who has
the confidence of the country to as great an
extent perhaps as any man who was ever ele-
vated to that position.
It has been the complaint throughout the
country that the offices have been badly filled
in many instances during the last two or three
years arising out of the conflict of opinion be-
tween the different departments of Govern-
ment. Applicants for office, in order to obtain
nominations, have sought friends to recommend
them to the favor of the Executive and made
professions of being in harmony with the Ex-
ecutive in many instances, and when the nom-
inations were obtained they were represented
to the Senate to be in harmony witli Congress
in order to obtain confirmations. In this way,
doubtless, men have obtained office who ought
not- to have been appointed. But I do not wish
this remark to apply to all officers. Very many
excellent men have been appointed by the Pres-
ident and confirmed by the Senate within the
last two or three years, and yet the tendencv
of this disagreement between the departments
of Government has been to give the positions
to men who were represented, if they did not
represent themselves, as entertaining one set of
opinions to the Executive and another to the
Senate. Therefore some reform in the offices of
the country is required at this time ; and there
is a very general disposition, 1 believe, to afford
the present Executive an opportunitv to cor-
rect the abuses which have grown up within the
last two years in appointments to office.
White the Committee on the Judiciary be-
lieved that it was proper that the present Admin-
istration ^ should not be embarrassed or ob-
structed in its efforts to introduce reform into
the public service and to have able and efficient
officers to discharge public duties, they were
unwilling after Congress had with such great
unanimity adopted this law within the last two
years, and adopted it upon the principle that
some law of this kind was proper to regulate
the civil service, to recommend its absolute
repeal; and believing that everything could be
accomplished that is desired bv any one by
removing this law out of the way for the pres-
ent and affording an opportunity, after the
public service shall have been reformed in this
matter of office, to consider the bill discon-
nected with any pressure for office, they thought
it better to recommend the suspension of the
act until the next session of Congress, and then
Congress can either repeal it or adopt some
eml-service bill which in its judgment .shall be
thought to be lor the best and permanent, inter-
ests of the country. It was with this view that
the Committee on the Judiciary recommended
that instead of an absolute repeal the law j
should be suspended until the next session of !
Congress. |
The law, it will be observed, really has no :
operation during the session of Congress: it is I
only during the recess that it operates at all, j
because the President cannot appoint anybody '
to office; he cannot give a commission to any I
one while the Senate is in session without its
consent. It#is only during the recess of the
Senate taat the tenure-of-office act operates, j
.therefore, by suspending it until the next ses- i
•ion Of Congress, we virtually *u*p«nd it until
the end of the next session of Congress. In
the mean time the present Executive will lmve
an opportu nity of looking over the various offices
of the country and making such changes as in
his judgment the public service requires.
I should hope that this disposition of the
subject would be satisfactory to all the friends
of the Administration and satisfactory to all
those who originally voted for the tenure-of-
office act. It is true Congress and this body
have somewhat changed since the tenure-of-
office bill _ \vas passed, and yet a majority of
this body is composed to-day of members who
advocated and voted for the tenure-of-office
act upon principle, not simply as a temporary
expedient, but as a proper provision to re-
main permanently upou the statute-books ; mi
although that act, being a new one, has been
somewhat crude and cumbersome iu its opera-
tions, yet there is a principle, or was supposed
to be a principle underlying it, which it was
important that we should preserve. Our own
consistency, as well as the principle upon which
we acted at that time, would seem to require
that we should not hastily and forever repeal
this law; and as everything can be accomplished
by the suspension of it until the next session
of Congress that any one can ask. as it is to be
removed entirely out of the way during the
long recess which is to follow our adjournment
and can embarrass no one, 1 hope that it will
be found acceptable to the Senate to adop tthe
amendment of the committee.
Mr. THURM.AN. Mr. President, as re-
ports from committees do not show how the
members of the committee voted on the meas-
ure recommended, I deem it proper to say
that in the Committee on the Judiciary I did
not assent to the proposition to amend the bill
of the House which is before the Senate; nor
does my judgment approve of that amendment
now.
It is not my purpose to go into an argument
of the constitutional question where the power
■ i o! removal is vested. That question has been
11 argued until I imagine no new light is likely
|| to be shed upon it. I shall not, therefore, go
jj into that discussion, further than to notice the
| differentopinions that have prevailed with re-
ji spect to it.
Until lately I supposed there were but two
interpretations thought of; one an interpreta-
tion that gives to the President the unqualified
power of removal, the other an interpretation
that requires the concurrence of the Senate in
the exercise of the power of removal. Of late
I understand that a third interpretation has
been suggested, and that is that the President
may exercise the power of removal, but sub-
ject to such regulations as Congress in its
wisdom may prescribe. To my apprehension,
sir, this third view of the Constitution is totally-
inadmissible. Either the power is vested iii
the President by the Constitution without limit
or qualification, or the concurrence of the Sen-
ate is made necessary to the exercise of that
cower, if the Constitution vests the power
absolutely in the President, then it is not com-
petentfor Congress to restrict, restrain, orlimit
-i?0' -lf Constitution vests the power in
the President with the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, it is equally inadmissible for Congress to
restrain or limit or restrict a power thus verted
in the President and Senate.
I do not, therefore, with great deference to
those_ who think differently, suppose that tins is
a suoject for legislation. I suppose that Con-
gress may well enough prescribe a term of
office ; but I do not suppose that that touches
the question where the power of removal re-
: sides. Congress may prescribe a term of office;
; but il the Constitution vests either in the Pre*;.'
j dent alone or in the President and this hodv the
right to remove that power can be exercised
notwithstanding it may abridge the incum-
bency ot any individual.
_ I say, then, Mr. President, that we are brought
simply back to the original question, is The
power of removal vested in the President alone,
or is the cbueurrence of (he — -
senate necessary
