1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to that power? It is not, in my humble judg-
ment, a question for legislation; it^is a ques-
tion of constitutional interpretation. This being
the case it seems to me that there is but one of
two modes to adopt. If in the opinion of this
Senate the power of removal is vested in the
President alone, then the civil tenure-of-office
act ought to be repealed. If in the opinion of
the Senate he does not possess that unqualified
power, but the assent of the Senate is neces-
sary to a removal, then I submit that the ten-
ure-of-office act or some similar law should
stand as the law of land.
Why, Mr. President, wliatisitnowproposed
to do? To take neither one of these inter-
pretations. I understand it to be very truly
stated by the Senator from Illinois that a ma-
jority of this body believe that the true inter-
pretation of the Constitution requires the con-
currence of the Senate in the removal of an
officer. If so, I submit to honorable Senators
how can they vote to suspend this law? There
is one theory upon which they can vote for it
very well, one theory upon which they could
vote for the repeal of the tenure-of-office act,
and that is that the President of the United
State's will obey the Constitution as they under-
stand it; that without any law on the statute-
book he will, in every instance, submit to the
Senate the question of removal from office. Do
Senators expect that? Do they expect that
the President wiil interpret the Constitution as
they interpret it, and act upon it as they think
it requires? Do they expect that every removal
from office will be submitted to this body if the
tenure-of-office act should be repealed ? If they
do not expect that, what, then, do they propose
to do? Do they propose to suffer the Pres-
ident of the United States to violate the Con-
stitution, according to their interpretation of
that instrument; or what will they do should
he so violate it? Should he so violate it, and
should he be impeached for that violation, what
will be their votes on the impeachment ? Will
they find him guilty or not guilty of an infrac-
tion of the Constitution ? If they believe that
he has no unqualified power of removal, if they
believe that the concurrence of this body is
necessary in every instance of removal, how
can they say that he will be guiltless of a vio-
lation of the Constitution if he removean officer
without submitting the question to the Senate?
And yet is not that the object of this bill, to
suspend this act ? Suspend it why ? Suspend
it for what? Suspend it that the President of
the United States may exercise that absolute
and unqualified power of removal that was
exercised before the passage of the tenure-
of-office act.
Now, sir, it does seem to me that it will be
regarded throughout the country, if this bill
be passed, that the Senate of the United States
interprets the Constitution to mean one thing
when one man is President and interprets it
to mean another thing when another man is
President; and I do most respectfully submit
to tiiis body that it is hardly consistent with its
dignity, that it is hardly consistent with the
dignity of the Congress of the United States,
to pass a law like the tenure-of-office act after
great and solemn consideration, and the mo-
ment that another President is elected and
installed into office to suspend that law and
make it a dead letter. Let this precedent be
set, and what will be the value of the claim of
the Senate to a concurrence iu the power of
removal from office? Does not every Senatur
see that whenever a new party gets into power—
and can it be supposed that in a free Govern-
ment one party will always have povvei—we
are to have a suspension of this act; in other
words, that the act is to be enforced when it
will have uo practical effect, and is not to be
enforced when it would have practical effect?
Entertaining these views, Mr. President, and
believing that the original interpretation of the
Constitution is the correct one, that the power
of removal from office is an executive power ;
that the duty of exercising that power is en-
joined upon the President by the provision of
the Constitution that he shall take care that
the laws be faithfully executed -f believing that
the assent of the Senate is not a necessary and
logical result from the fact that the Senate con-
sents to appointments; believing that no such
inference necessarily follows from the concur-
rence of the Senate in making appointments ;
and believing also that it is wiser that it should
be as our fathers settled it; that the offices will
be better filled and the laws more faithfully
executed if this power is vested in the Presi-
dent alone—entertaining these sentiments I
feel bound to vote for an unqualified repeal of
the tenure-of-office act. I shall therefore vote
for the House bill as it is without any amend-
ment whatsoever, and of course am opposed
to this suspension of the act, which is not an
affirmance that the power remains in the Sen-
ate, though impliedly perhaps it was intended
for that ; but it practically ignores the very
interpretation of the Constitution upon which
the tenure-of-office act was framed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am at a
loss to understand the propriety of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The House bill presents the question of
the unconditional repeal of the tenure-of-office
law. The committee report in favor of its sus-
pension until the next session of Congress.
Why suspend it until the next session of Con-
gress, and not until the second session here-
after, or the third ? Can any reason be offered
for a recommendation in favor of suspending
it simply for the coming summer and fall?
If it is proper to suspend this law at all it
is proper to repeal it, or at least to suspend it
through this Administration. The proposition
to suspend ituntil the next session of Congress
is peculiar in its character. Although the pur-
pose of the committee was undoubtedly good
and fair, the language of this amendment is
that of distrust. It will be interpreted as put-
ting the President of the United States on trial,
on probation, until the next session of Con-
gress. It is substantially saying to him, " We
will try you until the next session of Congress,
and if your conduct does not meet with our ap-
probation this law will then go into full force and
operation again." This is the way in which it
will be understood by the country, that the
President of the United States is to be placed
upon trial. I ask whether within the recollec-
tion of any Senator on this floor a like prop-
osition has ever been made in regard to any
President of the United States before? It
would be better to let the law remain as it is
now than to propose to suspend it for the period
of eight months and a half. We do not want
to start out—1 do not, at least—as one who has
contributed according to my feeble ability to
bring this Administration into power—with a
declaration of distrust, by proposing to untie
its hands for the period of eight months and a
half, when the fetters shall be again placed upon
it unless in the mean time its behavior shall be
such as to warrant us in taking them off alto-
gether.
Mr. President, I believe the tenure-of-office
law is constitutional. I have never entertained
serious doubts upon that question. The power
of removal in the hands of the President may be
limited, it may be regulated, but in the absence
of that limit and in the absence of that regula-
tion it may be exercised by the President of the
United States as it was for seventy-eight years,
like many other powers that may be exercised
iu the absence of congressional limitation or
control. Whatever view may be taken of the
question the President is at least a part of the
removing power, and in the absence ot the exer-
cise of any control on the part of Congress he
may exercise the power of absolute removal.
But, sir, if it is right and constitutional to leave
him the power of removal absolutely for eight
months and a half, it is equally constitutional
and proper to leave it to him during four years
or to have no law on the subject. When it is
confessed that he may for eight months and a
half exercise this power without limitation or
control the whole principle is confessed. No
one who is in favor of the suspension can make
an argument against the power, because the
suspension, even for a day, carries with it the
confession that in the absence of legislation the
President may exercise the power of removal.
It was said by the Senator from Illinois that
from the beginning men's minds have been
divided upon the question as to whether this
power of removal existed in the Executive
absolutely or in connection with the Senate of
the United States. That the President might
exercise it absolutely in the absence of legisla-
tion orrestriction is confessed by the continued
practice of the Government for sevetity-eight
years down to 1867. But the Senator says the
minds of men were divided before that time'
on the question. Sir, that division did not
amount u> much. There have been very few
questions raised in this country that there has
not been something said on both sides within
the last seventy or eighty years; but there has
been as strong a union of opinion in favor of
the exercise of this power by the Executive in
the absence of legislation, as cau be found, per-
haps, upon the exercise of any other power
that is granted by the Constitution. Moreover,
there has been a great unity of sentiment from
the first that legislative limitation upon the
exercise of that power was not desirable.
I disagree with the Senator entirely, if my
reading of the history of the times is correct,
in the opinion that the tenure-of-office law was
intended to be a permanent legislative enact-
ment. My understanding is that it was adopted
for a special purpose; that it was special in its
character; that it was intended to meet a con-
dition of things that had never occurred before
in the administration of the Government, and
which we hope will never occur again. It was
not made for all future Presidents, but it was
made to meet the condition of things arising
from what was regarded as the maladministra-
tion of President Johnson. Sir, let me ask
this question : if the tenure-of-office law had
not been passed when it was, and was not now
the law of the land, would it enter into the
head of any Senator, of any member of Con-
gress now, for the first time, to pass such a law?
No, sir; that would not occur to any one. The
enactment of the law was brought about by a
peculiar state of public affairs. It was intended
to meet the particular condition of things at
that time, and was not intended to be a con-
tinuing limitation, if I read aright the debates
of the times, and if I understand the spirit with
which that law was enacted. It might have
been a proper enactment for the administra-
tion of President Johnson, but would not be
thought to be a proper enactment for a new
President, coming in under favorable circum-
stances, and who had the faith and the confi-
dence of the people.
I believe that the repeal of this law is de-
manded by the best interests of the country.
In other words, I do not believe that the Ad-
ministration can be carried on efficiently and
successfully under the operation of the law
I am of the opinion to day thatthe country has
gained nothing by the operation of the law
even during the administration of President
Johnson ; and as a parly man I will say that
the Republican party has gained nothing by it.
I believe it was a mistake from the first.
The argument was made by the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] at the last session of
Congress that there was just as much propriety
in allowing the President to remove the judges
of the courts at his pleasure as in allowing
him to remove at bis pleasure a member of
his Cabinet or an officer of the revenue depart-
I ment; in other words, that there should be the
; same limitation upon the power of removal in
| regard to Cabinet and all administrative offi-
| cers as there is upon the removal of judges
of the courts. That, I believe, broadly was the
• argument of my friend from Wisconsin at the
i last session. 1 disagree with it entirely upon
{ theory and upon practice. I insist that it is
: adveise to the whole theory of our Govern-
ment. Sir, the theory of the Government is
that ihe judiciary shall be independent, espe-
cially that it shall be independent of the Execu-
tive. and it should be as far independent ot the
