1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one of the judges on the trial of Andrew John-
son for doing this very thing.
Mr. YATES. What opinion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. " The opinion of Mr.
Senator Yates, of Illinois." [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. Whatever I said in that opin-
ion is good law. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. No doubt about that.
Mr. YATES. And good authority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that entirely.
Mr. YATES. As I stated, I did not. propose
to enter into the general argument of this ques-
tion. I voted for the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, and so I would again, 1'or the reason
that he deserved impeachment and for the rea-
son that he deserved a bill like the tenure-of-
office bill to restrain him in his conduct. But,
on the other hand, I see no reason whatever
for imposing any restrictions upon the present
President of the United States. I trust and
believe, however, that if G-eneral Grant should
go back one solitary inch upon those principles
on which he was elected there is no Senator
on this floor who would quicker arise and
denounce him than I would. But, sir, what I
complain of is this distrust, this w.mt of confi
deuce in the President of the United States.
There is no reason for it. 1 have not got any
appointments from him yet; I am not one of
his favorites ; and I presume but few Senators
have got any.
But that is not the question. The question
is, shall this Administration have a fair chance
in the government, of this country? On many
a battle-field in the canvass T have stood bv
the President and by the principles for which
we contended; and 1 will not so easily give up
the fight now and surrender the battle. I pro-
pose. if we are to have an organization against
the President, that it shall be upon principle,
that the division shall be broad and marked,
that this Administration shall be sustained
upon principle or shall not. The act which we
now propose to repeal does hinder the Presi-
dent in the performance of his duty; it is a
restriction; it is a limitation. It was not im-
posed on former Presidents, and was imposed
on the late President for a special reason, for
his disloyalty, for his treachery to his party,
and for bis treason to the Government. But
here, sir, on the other hand, is the favorite of
the American people, the President who lias
led our armies from victory to victory, who
has upheld our flag, whom we have chosen
and selected as our standard-bearer and the
administrator of the principles for which we
have contended. Here is a law passed for a
special purpose, it cannot, be denied—passed
to control the action of Andrew Johnson. It
has performed its office, and now let it be re-
pealed insta,ntly; unconditionally repealed.
Mr FESSENDEN". Mr. President, I shall
vott for the repeal of this law ; but I shall not
vote for it on the ground that to voteotherwise
would be to exhibit a distrust of the President
of the United States. I shall vote for it be-
cause when the law which it is proposed to
repeal was passed I did not approve it. I fore-
saw and foretold that it would be attended with
evil, in my judgment more evil than good ; and
1 therefore withheld my vote, although 1 did
not choose to differ with the great majority of
my friends in the action that they had decided
upon. I was not opposed to it because I be-
lieved it to be unconstitutional. On the con-
trary, I had the impressiou, and I have it still,
that the Congress might impose upon the Presi-
dent, in the administration of that particular
duty, the restrictions that that act did impose.
My notion at the time was that it would be at-
tended with evil; that we had a sufficient check
upon the action of the President in the power
to withhold our assent to his nominations ; and
that it was not necessary that we should have
a further check by being particularly consul ted
with regard to removals from office, which, as
the Constitution had been construed, he had a
right to make. I thought then, and I think
now, that the law was unnecessary, except for
the particular occasion, and I am not usually
in the habit of. framing my legislation, unless
where it is absolutely necessary, for particular
occasions, especially in matters so important
as this.
The principal evil that the law has been
attended with, in my judgment, is this: it has
transferred substantially the power of appoint-
ment to office from that particular portion of
the Government to which it was intrusted by
the Constitution to the members of the House
of Representatives. The effect, in my judg-
ment, was bad. We all can judge something
from the experience we had, and our experi-
ence was that the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives substantially dictated who should
be appointed to office while that law was in oper-
ation. I do not apprehend any evil, because
I think we never have suffered evil, except in
a short period, from the operation of the Con-
stitution as it was originally construed and as
we practiced under it; nor do I think that we
shall be likely to suffer ill if thatreading of the
Constitution is restored.
I have so frequently expressed my opinion
on this subject, that the law was a bad one,
that 1 cannot do otherwise than vote for its
repeal. While I say that I treat with all def-
erence the opinions expressed by other gen-
tlemen and entertained, perhaps, by a majority
of this body, that the check is a necessary one
in all cases, that whoever may be President
of the United States this power of acting upon
removals, this power of the Senate to hold
something in its hands by which it may affect
the perfectly unlimited operation of the power
of removal as it existed before, is a necessary
one—necessary not only in the case particu-
larly under consideration when the law was
passed, but thai it may become necessary again,
and that therefore the law should be permitted
to remain upon the statute-book. I saythat I
treat with all deference these opinions; I ac-
knowledge their force ; and I am not surprised
at. the action of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in recommending a suspension instead
of an absolute repeal of the law.
But what I rose particularly to say was that
while I vote for the repeal of this law I do not
cast that vote under any apprehension that
another and a different vote, a vote for the sus-
pension instead of the repeal, could be justly
construed into any suspicion whatever of the
Presidentof the United States or any reflection
upon him. It is not just to entertain such an
idea for a moment. The very fact of suspend-
ing the law, considering it as a law on the
statute-book, for a limited period is in fact an
expression of confidence in the President of
the United States, saying that he has a work
to do which requires more power than he holds
under the law as it exists, and that we are per-
fectly willing to intrust him with that power.
I do not consider that any man here has a right
to say that the suspension of the law would be a
reflection upon the President or an expression
of distrust of the President.
Sir, I am somewhat tired of hearing this
repeated. I do not know exactly what to call
it, but 1 will say this repeated expression (to
call it by a gentle name) of this utmost confi
dence in the present President. Why, sir, it
is to be presumed. We elected him ; we sus-
tain him; and we, of course, have confidence
in him; and I think the day has gone by when
with good taste we here in the Senate, men of
some consequence, representing States of the
Union, considering ourselves great men in our
way, should think it necessary to be continu-
ally slavering the President and talking about
his victories and his battles and all that sort
of thing 1 Sir, he has ceased to bo a General
in the ordinary sense of the word ; he is noth-
ing now but President of the United States,
and a hard time he is likely to have of it.
[Laughter.] I am disposed, as 1 helped to
elect him, to stand by him, to praise all that
is good, as J expect the most of it will be, and
to excuse ali that is unfortunate, and he will
be more than mortal it he does not. make mis-
takes. I think, sir, that we should have some
respect to ourselves, and when a matter of
legislation is proposed aud of important legis-
lation affecting the great interests of this eoua-
try, we, as Senators, should look not to a
coordinate branch of the Governmentto inquire
what our duties are, but look to those duties -
themselves, to what the interests of the coun-
try require; and even if we feel called upon
to do something that may be disagreeable to
the Chief Magistrate of the nation, much as We
respect and much as the people love him. that
is the misfortune of our condition, but. our duty
is to do it and not to inquire whether the Presi-
dent is a man very much beloved or otherwise,
but to do our duty here in relation to that
matter as to all others.
I hope 1 shall not be considered as lecturing
anybody ; sometimes when I have expressed
my opinions rather plainly gentlemen have ac-
cused me of lecturing the Senate ; I do not want
to lecture anybody, but I wish to say for myself,
and I go no further than that, in my legisla-
tion here I do not consider the office of Presi-
dent or who holds it, nor do I consider anything
else if I know how to keep myself within pro-
per bounds of restraint, except what my duty
as a legislator and as a Senator of the United
States, having respect to myself as a Senator
and to th j great body of which I am a member,
and to thegreatconsutuencies which we repre-
sent here call upon us to perform. That is the
plain matter. 1 hope thar in considering this
question as all others, we shall ask ourselves
not what may be agreeable anywhere, except
to ourselves in considering our duly, but what
that duty demands of us with respect to the
subject-matter before us.
Now. sir, I repeat, fori do not mean to make
a speech on this subject, I have no voice to
talk to-day, being afflicted as I am with a severe
hoarseness—1 repeat that while I vote for this
repeal I do it because 1 consider the law a bad
one, and it has been a bad one in its effects.
That is my opinion and it governs my action;
but i do not do it with reference to its effect
upon the mind of anybody except so far as it
may affect my own and my own conscience ;
and I should not if I considered it my duty to
vote lor the suspension, believe that i was pay-
ing the slightest disrepectto the eminentcitizen
whom the people have chosen to preside over
the destinies of this country for four years, or
throwing the slightest imputation upon him or
exhibiting any distrust of him. If I suspended
it simply because he was President I should
deem that it was demanded by the exigency of
the occasion, by what he had to do, and that I
was manifesting my respect for him and my
entire confidence in him when for any period I
saw fit to say that we would remove from the
exercise of that power in his favor the restric-
tion which the law imposed upon him.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maine says that he does not propose to
lecture anybody. Whether he proposes to do
it or not I do not propose to be lectured, i
differ with him very materially ou this prop-
osition. To use his own language, he does not
consider the office of President or who holds
it. 1 say that the Senator from Maine did con-
sider the office and who held it when he voted
fur the civil tenure-of-office bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not vote for it.
Mr. YATES. Then I ask the Senator's par-
*don ; but I know that many others who voted
for that bill did consider the office and the man
who held it; and I maintain that it is a correct
proposition that we ought to consider the men
in office who hold office if we mean to admin-
ister the affairs of this Government properly ;
and in my pla.ee in the Senate if I think there
is any obstruction thrown in the way ot the
administration of the Government, or if there
is a law by which the President, of the United
Srates ia hampered in the administration of
the Government. I propose, independent of
: any and of all persons, to utter my opinion
' upon that question. .
! I defer to the honorable Senator from Maine;
I defer to his opinion : but 1 know that I speak
i not only for Illinois, but for the Northwest,
! when I say that General Grant, in the admin-
i isiration of this Government, should have the
