m
THfi, OO^^EISSIOFAL GLOBE:
March 16,
g£iJB§ -unfettered power which belonged- to all
the Presidents down to Andrew Johnson, and
I do not think it at all out of place, in the Sen-
ate or elsewhere, to say that we should main-
tain the President of the United States; that
we shonld give him a helping hand; that before
rtoing.anything to restrain him we should.wait
mil ii he has committed some overt act, for cer-
tajaly so far he has done nothing to merit the
reprobation of the Congress ot the United
States; .This law does hamper him. This law
is-a-restraint upon him. There is no more
reason why .we should require from him the
causes why he removes an unfaithful officer
iij.au ther,ehas been why we should inquire of
Greuera,! Jackson or any other President in the
past history of the country why he removed an
officer.
- But, sir, I -do not propose to occupy time
ou this question, f supposed when I rose that
the Senator from Maine had voted for the ten-
ure-of-office act. It seems, however, thai I
was mistaken in that, and therefore what I in-
tended to say-is not applicable to hiin. But
those who voted for it did so for a special
reason; they voted forit because Andrew John-
son was Presidentof the United States and for I
110 other reason. The law was never thought j
of until he became President of the United )
States.
Mr. HOWARD Oh, yes it was.
Mr. YATES. It may nave been thought of.
but it was never enacted; it was never passed
uutil.he became President oft.he United States.
He has gone-home covered with glory or infamy
as history may decide: the law has performed
its office; and I contend for its unconditional
and immediate repeal. I wish the President
of the United States—the man sustained by such
a unanimous voice of the American people,
whose record is brilliant with glory, covered all
over with shining achievements for this coun-
try, loyal and true to the country and the flag,
sustained bv the people, an honest and true
man—1 wish him to have the same opportu-
nity to administer this Government that other
Presidents have had.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, for myself
I must protest against the imputation so often
thrown out by the honorable Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Morton] and by the honorable
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] that those
of us who do not favor the absolute repeal of
the tenure-of-office act, or its suspension oven,
hhow a want of confidence in the present
Executive of the United States. Sir, there
is >10 foundation for this. The imputation
itself, I must be allowed to say without intend-
ing any offense to those gentlemen or others,
is entirely gratuitous. There stands the law,
enacted more than two years ago. It is to-day
the law of the land and has been such since
March, 1867, before which every citizen of the
United States, including the present respected
Executive, is bound to bow in honest submis-
sion to the voice of the people who enacted
it. Now it is proposed by some that we
should repeal this act which we once thought
bO salutary, so necessary to the public service.
1 cannot vote for its repeal. 'Ihe time is not
yet quite long enough, we have not yet had
sufficient experience under its workings, to know
whether it be necessary absolutely to repeal it.
It, was enacted for a great and good purpose.
Let me. speaking of course for myself individu-
ally. say to the honorable Senator from Illinois
1 hat with me the sole motive was not the re-
straint of Andrew Johnson in his wild career,
but my motive was to put upon the statute-
book of the United States a salutary legal en-
actment, the principle of which I still believe
to be necessary for the public service, neces-
sary as well to the people as to the Bxecutive.
Tt is very true that the misconduct of Presi-
dent Johnson presented a very flagrant occa-
sion for the exertion of the power of Congress
to restrain him in removals from office. That
conduct, I say. was the mere occasion ; and
it is the occasion always which suggests the
enfc<?tBf¥Gmi of a good law. We look-a-t the
evils bet ore w'epi-£>oe«d to enact a l.iw ('or their
removal. We discovered them numerous and
flagrant in the administration of President
Johnson ; and the safety of the country, the
interests of the Treasury, all the interests of
the country demanded of us at that time the
enactment of such a law, and we proceeded to
enact it after a long, vigorous, and obstinate
struggle between the friends and the opponents
of that measure.
As I said before, it is now the law of the
land, as obligatory upon the President as upon
any other individual; and to say to us now that
because we are not willing to repeal this im-
portant statute, because its mere suspension
is asked for temporarily, we are wanting in
confidencein the present Bxecutive, is to me a
very harsh reflection. It is not acceptable to
me, I can assure gentlemen.
I too, sir, perhaps with the same attention
which has marked the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] have noticed the bril- j|
banc career of General Grant. I trust I have ,j
not been entirely indifferent to his fair fame : j:
and there is 110 page in the history of my own ;J
or any other land, aucient or modern, which !j
to my mind is more attractive, more brilliant [t
than the history of his military career. I i|
trust in God, and I believe that if his own
judgment is his guide, his civil career will be ,,
equally admirable, equally brilliant. So far -
as depends on me, 1 can assure you, sir. I ^
can assure him, that there shall be nothing j;
wanting in the support which I will give to all jt
the measures which he may recommend, pro- I
vided they meet my own conviction and cor- I
respond with my ideas of conscientious duty. jj
Let me say here that neither the present Ex- |l
ecutive nor any other human being shall ever (
cause me to sweivea hair's breadth from that ||
line of legislative duty which I feel resting upon j!
me. I have not been taught and I will never ;!
learn the lesson, God helping me, to—
"Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawning."
Sir, 1 hive belonged to that school who
believe with Webster and Clay and other legal
and political lights, surely as brilliant as any
we have in the firmament of modern times,
that the power of removal from office under
the Constitution of the United States is a power
vested jointly in the Executive and in the Senate
of the United States. I never could bring my
mind to any other conclusion. As a question
of law it is to me very clear and scarcely debat-
able. Allow me in one word to illustrate that
idea, although not particularly pertinent to the
question now before the Senaie. An appoint-
ment to office nnderthe Constitution—L speak
of an appointment, not the mere filling of
vacancies in the recess of the Senate—the
appointment, to office is the joint act of the
President of the United States and of the Sen-
ate: an act performed in this way: the Presi-
dent nominates, that is, names to the Senaie a
person whom he wishes to appoint to an office:
the Senate, if it sees fit, gives its advice and
consent, to this appointment of A B as the in-
cumbent to fill tlie particular office. It is a
joint act; both the minds of the Senate as a
legislative body and of the Executive as Pres-
ident of the United States must concur in the
appointment; that is, in conferring the office
upon the contemplated incumbent.
To illustrate it familiarly, the Constitution is
a letter of attorney conferring upon the Presi-
dent and Senate this joint power of putting A
B into office. If this illustration be correct,
if it be the joint act of the two bodies, the
Executive and the Senate, then I ask any man
how one of those two parties to whom the
power is thus jointly given can revoke or annul
the act of the two parties in making the ap-
pointment? To admit such a doctrine is to
admit that in such a case one of the two joint
parties has power to undo the very thing to
perform which the consent and act of both
parties were required.
That has always been my view of the power
of removal; and in this I have the support of
such men as Webster and Clay and Kent, and
varioHsothersofthe most brilliaiitluminarjesof
the law ever produced iti the United States; and
I might add two other names equally famous in
our history, equally profound in their knowl-
edge of constitutional law, Thomas II. Benton
and John C. Calhoun. At the same time I
admit that in virtue of the authority giveu to
Congress it is entirely competent for the two
Houses who are vested with the whole of the.
law-making power of the United States to regu
late the mode and manner in which a removal
may be affected, aa the law may regulate tin-
tenure of office and annex to the office all us
incidents of every kind and description, for an
office exists only in virtue of law, and can exist
only while the law creating it is in existence.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him whether he referred to the latest
opinions of the men he named ?
Mr. HOWARD. I never heard of any varia-
tion in their opinions. The honorable Sen-
ator cannot be ignorant of the firm, massive
character of Thomas H. Benton, a man whose
opinions very seldom varied, one of the firmest
and most solid members that ever graced this
body.
I have only a word further to say. I deem
it in a very high degree—and iu this I certainly
utter 110 self-adulation as a Senator—-compli-
mentaiy to the present Executive ofthe United
States that the Senate should be willing even
to suspend the teuure-ofoffice act for 11 given
period of time. It shows a perfect confidence
on our part in him, that, withiu that period of
time, he will commit no act with which we shall
have just ground to find fault. If we suspend
this act until the next session of Congress it
will be substantially a suspension of the whole
act for a year to come, for we all know very-
well that the act itself has nothing to do with
the period during which the Senate shall he in
session, but is applied solely and exclusively
to the period intervening between the adjourn-
ment of the Senate and its next meeting, that
is to say the recess of the Senate.
Mr. COXKLING. More than a year to
come.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be mo#e than a
year to come. Is not that sufficient, to give
him this power for more than a year to come
to suspend an act which it cost this Senate
such a struggle to procure, one which was so
necessary at the time, one which may be equally
necessary hereafter? Is it fitting and proper to
say of an act like this that it exhibits a want
of conBdence in General Grant? No. sir. Jf
I know anything of the character of General
Grant he would hurl back Such an imputation
the moment he heard it. He would say to us,
" Senators, proceed and act according to your
own best conscientious opinion, yourown judg-
ment upon this matter; and, as I have alread,
announced in my inacgoral address. I will s«
to it that the laws are executed whether they
please me or displease me." That is the spit it
of Grant, let me tell you. He would not stand
and higgle with the Senate of the United States
about the absolute repeal of this tenure-of-office
act. No, sir; lie is not that kind of man, let
me tell you.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Michigan yield the floor?
Mr. HOWARD. I will not yield at this
moment; I am about concluding my remarks,
arfd then the Senator will have an opportunity
to be heard, if he will excuse me for refusing
to yield. Although 1 hold, as I have already
remarked, that the power of removal pertains
to the President and Senate of the United
States, to be regulated by statute, still I am
willing under the circumstances to vote for the
suspension of the act for a year; but let me
say at the same time that I shall never give
up this principle. It is asking a great deal of
me, let me suggest, to vote for even the sus-
pension of the statute. I wish, however, tu
be upon terms of harmony and conciliation
with all my brother Senators in this body, but
when I am asked to swallow the words I ut-
tered two years ago, to swallow even the vote
which I gave upon that occasion, wheu there
