1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is apparently no necessity for such an act, it
is asking entirely too much of me. I will vote
for'tfie suspension, but I will never vote for the
repeal of this act. If modifications are de-
sired, and I think they are very much needed
in the original act, I shall be very happy to
vote for them j but when I am asked to renounce
the principle of the act for which we strug-
gled so hard, and which I think was so neces-
sary to the country, I meet the request by ail
emphatic no, let it affect whom it may.
> Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is a sub-
ject of some curiosity, I have no doubt, to the
disinterested spectator of this scene, if there is
any such, to see the influences that combine to
strike off from the statute-book a law for which
some of the wisest and some of the purest of
the fathers struggled, and for the want of which
executive patronage has more than once by its
direct intervention controlled and coerced the
will of the people. We find the Democratic
party here in a solid body advocating this
repeal, undoubtedly in the minds of some upon
principle, possibly in the minds of others that
they may put the Republican party, who passed
this law against their votes, in the wrong, and
hold them up to the country and to the world
as a party who would resort to a mean and un-
constitutional contrivance against an Executive
whoso measures they did not like, and who
would hasten when they got rid of him to aban-
don them in favor of an Executive whom they
did like. And we find that party aided by some
of the most distinguished and patriotic mem-
bers of our own, who are inspired to it not by
any of the motives that control those to whom
I have already referred, but by an excess (if
they will permit me to say soJ of zeal and con-
fidence in favor of an Executive in whom we
all have eoulidence and for whom we have all
shown zeal, forgetting that the Constitution only
permits him to exercise the functions of Presi-
dent for four short years, and forgetting that
the future only can tell what, President and
what party will then befall the country, who
fceem to act upon the principle that this Gov-
ernment is personal, a government of men
instead of a government of laws. And so, com-
bining with diverse and opposite motives, they
make the great array and body of the opposi-
tion to this law. Now, sir, it is worth while
for the representatives of the States of this
Union, to whom the Constitution has confided
not only legislative but administrative powers
as being the advisers of the President of the
United States, not of one man for one year or
for four years, but of the officer forever, to con-
sider a little what step it is that they propose
to take.
History is not silent on this question ; it is :
the old contest of the powers of Government;
it is the contest of the one-man power against
the power of the people represented by their
own agents as a check upon the supreme Ex-
ecutive. This question was mooted in the first
Senate of the First Congress, where the friends
of executive power, who had quarreled with
the Constitution as it was adopted because, as
they said, it did not give them a Government
strong enough, because the Executive was not
near enough to a king, tiiumphed after a fash-
ion ; and with them arose the same stress, the
same motives which pervade forever in human
nature that we see here now.
You know, sir, weall know, that the debates j
in that Senate were secret. It sat during its i
first sessions with closed doors. There was no
reporter to tell the people what arguments,
what influences were brought to bear; but the
notes of that discussion taken by one of the
Senators on the spot have been handed down
to us. The Senate then was a small body, con- I
sisling of only twenty Senators. You will per- I
eeive that within those secret considerations |
and debates it was easy for men to know the j
motives and to see the appliances, if I may i
use such a term, that were brought to bear to j
influence men's actions. Mr. Maclay, then one ;
of the Senators from Pennsylvania, wrote out j
in manuscript form the notesofthe debate and i
the occurrences which took place on the bill 1
for the formation of the Department of Foreign
Affairs, and his record is well worthy of the
attentive consideration and reflection of any
Senator on this floor who desires to be what
the Constitution has made him and what his
State expects of him, a representative of the
rights of the States and a part of the admin-
istration of the Government. I cannot do bet-
ter than as a portion of my remarks on this
subject to read somewhat copiously extracts
from this manuscript of Mr. Maclay, which
have been furnished to me, I may say, by the
late Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Bucka-
lew, in whose possession the original manu-
script, which has never been published, is. Mr.
Maclay first gives the substance of his own ob-
servations in the speech which he delivered on
the subject as opening the debate, and then
follows it with what took place afterward. I
will not read the whole of his speech; but'
speaking of the officeholder as an agent of the
law as he is in all the States as well as in the
nation rather than as an agent of the Execu-
tive, he said:
"Of what service can his abilities be to the com-
munity if afraid of the nod or beck of a superior ?
lie must consult his will in every matter. Abject
servility is most apt to mark the line of his conduct;
this on the one hand will not fail to be productive
of despotism, and tyranny on the other. l^oi I con-
sider mankind as composed nearly of the same ma-
terials in America as in Asia—in the United States
as in the Ka^t Indies. The Constitution certainly
never contemplated any other mode of removing
from oftioc. The case is not omitted here; most
ample provision is made. If gentlemen do not like
it let them obtain an alteration m the Constitution.
But this cannothc done by law. It* the virtues of the
present Chief Magistrate" [General Washington]
"are brought forward as a reason for vesting him
with extraordinary powers no nation ever trod more
dangerousground. His virtues will depart with hun.
but the powers which you give him will remain, and
it nor properly guarded will be abused by future
Presidents if'they are men."
Mr. President, how true is ihat ? The virtues
of George Washington did depart with him ;
he was succeeded in after years by other men
who made executive patronage the source of
perpetuating their own powei and that of their
own dependents, and he was succeeded at last ;
by Andrew Johnson, who performed the very j
things that the wise men of those old days i
foresaw would be performed by a President in |
order to establish himself against the will of ;
the people. i
s* I
"This, however, is not the whole objection I have
to the clause." j
He then proceeds to speak of the detailed •
objection to a Chief Clerk exercising the duties ■
of Secretary, and then says : [
"Sir,l consider the change as exceptionable evciy
waj, and 1" thcrefoie move to strike it out."
That was the proposition, that when the ;
Secretary should be lemoved by the President |
of the United States, the chief clerk should :
have charge and power iu the office. The
narrative proceeds :
"Lanudox jumped up in haste, hoped the whole
would not be struck out; but moved that the uiaur-e
only of the Piesident's removing should be shuck
out.
"bp rose Mr. Ellsworth, and a most elaborate
speech, indeed, did he make; but it was all drawn
froni writers on the distribution of government. The ■
President was the executive officer; lie was interfered
with in the appointment, it is true, but not in the :
removal; the Constitution had taken one, but not
the other from him; therefore removal remained to '
him entire. He eareiullv avoided the subject of i
impeachment. He absolutely used the following
expressions with regard to the President: 'It is sac-
rilege to touch a hair ot his head ; and we may as
well lay the Pro^ident's head on a block and strike
it off at one blow.' "
The same argument, although pot in the '
same words, was advanced by the honorable
Senator from Indiana to-day: :
"The way he came to use the^e words was after '
having asserted that removing fiom otftce whs his !
privilege we might as well do this as deprive him of
it. lie had i-ore ovo and a gieen silk over them.
On pronouncing: the last of the two sentences he
paused, put his handkerchief to his face, and either ,
shed tears or appeared to do so."
IMiere was the argument of executive influ-
ence for you !
" When he sat down both Butler and Tz ird sprang
up. Butler, however, continued up. Hebesranwith ,
a declaration Vhat ho came into the House m (he
most perfect state of indifference, and rather disposed
to give the power in question to the President. But
the arguments of the honorablegentlemanfrom Con-
necticut had, in endeavoring to support the clause,
convinced him in the clearest manner that the clause
was highly improper, and he would vote against it.
Izard now got up for the clause, and a most con-
fused speech he made, indeed. I have notes of-it,
but I think it really not worth answering unless to
show the folly of some things which he said.
" Doctor Johnson rose and told us twice, before he
proceeded far, that he would not give an opinion on
the power of the President, This man's conscience
will not let him be a thorough-paced courtier, yet he
wishes not to lose his interest with the President.
However, his whole argument ran against the clause,
and at last he declared Ho was against the whole
of it.
"Mr. Lee rose. Hespokelongandpointedly against
the clause. He lepeated many of my arguments, but
always was polite enough to acknowledge the men-
tion I had made of them. He spoke from a paper
which he held in his hand, He continued until it
was past three o'clock, and an adjournment was
called and took place. In looking over my notes I
find I omitted to set down sundry arguments which
I used. But no matter; I will not do it now.
"July 15, Senate met.. McCarroll showed impa-
tience to bo up first. He got up and spoke a consid-
erable length of tune. Tho burden of his discourse
seemed to be want of power in the President and a
desire of increasing it; great complaint of what he
called the atrocious assumption of power in the
States; many allusions to the power of the British
kings—the king can do no wrong—if anything im-
proper is done it should be the ministers that should
answer. How strangely this man is changed 1
"The collection bill was called for and read for the
first time. [The Senate Journal states that the Sen-
ate resumed the consideration of the bill for estab-
lishing an executive department to be denominated
the department of foreign affairs. The journal of
Mr. Machiy proceeds:]
" Now Ellsworth rose with a mostlengthy debate.
The lirst words that he said were: 4 In this case tho
Constitution is our only rule, for we are sworn to sup-
port it,' but never quoted it nor ever named it after-
ward, except as follows; he said, by allusion, 1 buy
a square acre of land—I buy the trees, waters, and
everything belonging to it. The executive power
belongs to IhePicsident—the removing of officers is
a tree in this acre; the power of removing is therefore
his: it is iu him, it wnowhere else.'
" Thus we aie under the necessity of ascertaining
l>y implication where the power is. He called Dr.
Joliu>on * Thomas, Aquinas ' by implication, too, and
said things i ather uncivil of some other of his oppo-
nents. Moftt caiefuliy did he avoid entering on the
subject of impeachment. After some time, however,
he got fairly on new g! ound: lamented the want of
power in the President; asked, 'Bid we everquarrel
with thupuwer ot the Ciown oi Great Britain? No. We
contended with the power of tho Parliament. No
one ever thought the power of the Crown too great
and said, 'he was growing infirm, should die, and
should not see it. but the Government would fail for
want of power in the President. He would have
power as far as he could he seen in his coach and six.
We mu-st extend the executive arm.' (Mr.Leeyes-
teidav had said something abouttlie Dutch.; 4II we
must have examples,' said he, * let us draw them from
the people whom wc used always to imitate, from
the nation who have made all otners bow belore
them, and not lroiu the l)uU;h, who arc divided and
factious.' lie said a vast deal more, but the above
was all I minuted down at the time.
44 Mr. Iz, uio lose and an&wered.
"Mi. Butlp.h lose and spoke.
" It was after three. Mr. Lee rose and said, ' he had
much to say, but would now only move an adjourn-
ment..4 As it was late, the House accordingly ad-
journed.
" I have seen more cabaling and meeting of the
members in knots this day than ever I observed
before. As I eatne up-stans Ellsworth, Ames, and
Mi. Moms stood in a knot up-stairs. Soon after
Ellsworth, Carroll, and Strong got together. As
sonn a55 the House adjourned Carroll took Paterson
aside, and there seamed a general hunt and bustle
among tho members.
"I seo plainly public speaking on this subject is
now useless, and we may |>ut the question when we
please. It seems as if a court party was forming.
Indeed, I believe it was formed long ago.
" July 1G. Attended pretty early this morning;
many were, however, there before me. It was all
h uddling away in small parties. Our President, John
Adams, was very busy indeed, running to every one.
He openly attacked Mr. Lee before me on the sub-
ject in debate, and they were loud on the business.
1 began to suspect that the court party had pre-
\ ailed. Senate however met, and at it they went.
"Mr. Lee began, but I really believe the alterca-
tion. though not a violent one, which he had with
the President had huit him, for he was languid and
much snorter than ever I had heard him on almost
any subjcct,
"Mr.PArri?sox got up. For along timeyou could
not know what he would be at. After, however, he
had warmed himself up with his own discourse, .13
the Indians do with their war song, he said he was
for the clause continuing. He had no sooner said
so than he assumed a bolder tone of voice, flew over
to England, extolled its government; wished in tho
most unequivocal language that our President had
the same powers ; said let us take a second view ot
England, repeating nearly the safne thing. Let us
tako a third view of it, said he, and he then abused
the Parliament for having made themselves lira
tiiennial and lastly septennial. Speaking of the
Constitution he ^aidexpressly these words, speaking
