1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
whole people—the insinuation or the flat
charge that he had been actuated in giving that
vote by the ambition that he had to attain to,
and the expectation that he had of arriving at,
the office of Chief Magistrate of the nation.
He wag charged with it, and in a letter to a
friend he tamely excused himself and said that
that was not the motive that he really had ;
that he expected to be President because he
said he did not expect to be. That is the
modest way that all citizens. I suppose, have
who are looking forward to high office, of say-
ing that they do not expect it; that it comes
unsolicited and unexpected. So said John
Adams.
But, sir, the acquiescence in this system of
legislation, if you can call it such, only con-
tinued so long as the conduct of good Execu-
tives made the law, in substance, a dead let-
ter; Because, until the times of John Quincy
&.damsiu 1825 and 1826, there were no attempts
on the part of the Executive to make removals
during the recess of the Senate. George Wash-
ington, and Adams and Monroe and Madison,
his successors, never undertook to face the
Senate at the end of a recess with a great num-
ber of removals in the mere discretion and will
of the Executive, supplied by others in their
places. It was only when the administration
of the later Adams came in, and when removals
began to be made as the repayment of party
services, that this question again, as all such
questions always will, came to be considered
by the representatives of the States and the
people. And what happened then, sir? Let
us see. Here is the record:
In the Senite op tub United States,
May 4,1826.
Mr. Benton, from the select committee to which
was referred the proposition to inquire into the expe-
diency of reducing the patronage of the executive
government of the United States, made the follow-
ing report.
I may say that this committee, although I
have not the names of it in my hand at the
moment, was composed of seven of the most
eminent, illustrious, patriotic, and conservative
members of this body—men whose purity could
not be assailed by any Senator present, men
whose patriotism cannot be impugned by say-
ing that they were opponents of the Adminis-
tration, men who were actuated by as lofty
motives (and no higher praise can be given to
them) as those which actuate my distinguished
friend from Illinois and my friend from Indiana.
They investigated this subject, and they re-
ported six different bills for the action of the
Senate, intended to curb and restrain the great
growth of executive power. Among these was
a bill to prevent military and naval officers from
being dismissed the service at the pleasure of
the President.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will ask him a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. He stated a few minutes ago
that this power to remove from office had not
been abused until the administration of John
Quincy Adams. I ask the honorable Senator
how many removals were made by John Quincy
Adams during his administration?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know. I will
say for safety that it was probably between one
and ten thousand. .
Mr. DAVIS. I will tell the honorable Sen-
ator how many there were, as I had it from
the man himself. 'He removed two, and for
cause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say that John
Quincy Adams did abuse that power. I said
that until his administration there had been
no complaint or apprehension on the part of
the Representatives of the States and the peo-
ple of the conduct of the Executive.
Mr. GRIMES. There had been in Jeffer-
son's time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Iowa, on
the other side, suggests that there had been
complaint in Jefferson's time ; but as we were
all such good Democrats then I did not wish
to allude to that.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. IT.
permit me I will state that there were only
about thirty removals during Mr. Jefferson's
administration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am glad to know that;
and I felicitate myself, as I think other Sen-
ators may, on the fact that we have among us
one gentleman whose connection with the his-
tory of the Government, beginning at the be-
ginning, is able to inform us on points of his-
tory from the first down. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me I think he had better make himself
a little better acquainted with the history of
the Government before he enters into such a
detail of facts. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite unnecessary
from the fact that we must take judicial notice
of it as we have the history here in the person
of my friend from Kentucky. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I will give you a little more
of it after a while.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we may take notice
of that also.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Missouri rise ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yield with pleasure ; I
am not in the least disturbed.
Mr. DRAKE. It is very evident to me that
this debate will not close to-day, and if the
honorable Senator from Vermont will yield for
a motion to go into executive session I will
make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
executive message from the President on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yield, then, for that
motion.
executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 10, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when, on motion o?' Mr. B.eaman, the further
reading was dispensed with.
imprisonment op americans in paraguay.
Mr. CULLOM (having obtained unanimous
consent to present a memorial) said : 1 pre-
sent the memorial of Porter C. Bliss and
George Frederick Masterman, in relation to
their imprisonment in Paraguay by the presi-
dent of that republic, and subsequently on the
United States gunboat Wasp and the flagship
Guerriere, of the South Atlantic squadron, by-
United States officers. This memorial con-
tains statements of very grave importance, and
I desire to submit a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a select committee to which the sub-
ject shall be referred for investigation.
Mr. WOOD. I move to refer the memorial
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cullom] is on the floor at present.
The resolution which he desires to submit will
be read, after which there will be an oppor-
tunity for objection to its introduction.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of
fire members, be appointed by the Speaker, to whom
shall be referred the memorial of Porter C. Bliss and
George I?. Masterman, lately prisoners in the hands
of President Lopez and afterward prisoners on board
tho United States gunboat Wasp and flagship Guer-
riere; and that said committee be instructed to
inquire into all the circumstances attending said
imprisonment, and into the conduct of the late Amer-
ican minister in Paraguay and of the officers com-
manding the South Atlantic squadron since the
breaking out of the Paraguayan war; and that said
committee be authorized to send for persons and
papers, to administer oaths, and to report at any
time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this resolution ?
There was no objection.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WOOD. What has become of my mo-
tion to refer?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should not be seconded that motion will be in
order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the previous question will be seconded and the
resolution adopted.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 60, noes 57.
Mr. WOOD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wood and
Mr. Cullom were appointed.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to propound an inter-
rogatory to the Chair. If the previous question
should be sustained would a motion to refer to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be. If the
previous question should not be seconded a
motion to refer will be in order.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
how this resolution can be entertained without
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, after the reso-
lution had been read, asked whether there was
objection to its introduction, and no gentleman
objected. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] rose and indicated his intention
to move the reference of the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Chair
staled that the motion would be in order if the
previous question should not be seconded.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 48, noes 64.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the memorial and
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and that the memorial be
printed.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion which
was indicated by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood.]
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
registry of vessels.
Mr. BCJFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 130) to extend
the laws relating to the registry of vessels;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
message erom the president.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House by General Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
message er05i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution of the follow-
ing title, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 14) amendatory
of a joint resolution respecting the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas, passed at
the third session of the B'ortieth Congress.
election contest louisiana.
Mr. PAINE presented papers relating to
the contested election from the fifth, congres-
sional district of Louisiana; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
nickel-copper coinage.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday, being the
bill (H. R. No. 2) for the coinage of nickel-
copper pieces of five cents and under, on which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] had demanded the previous question.
The previous question was secouded and the
main question ordered, which was upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
