1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
do not mean to complain of this, but I mean
to say that I do not like to have my friend, the
Director of the Mint, led into temptation. All
I desire is that, in regard to this immense pur-
chase of metal, amounting to millions of dol-
lars, there shall be an advertisement for such
things as the Director of the Mint wants, and
when ho has advertised, then that the man who
bids the lowest to supply what he does want
shall have the preference.
I now desire to answer another argument.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
says that he is in favor of having this done by
general law. That,is a favorite way of stopping
any reform—to say, " Oh, yes, make a gen-
eral law.'' A general law is good for a general
purpose, and a particular law is good for a
particular purpose. We are providing for a par-
ticular purchase now. Xow, the reason that a
general law is not required for these purchases
is that the Director of the Mint does not pur-
chase gold and silver at all; he only receives
those metals, parts them, assays them, and
coins them. But in this case he is to go into
the market and purchase metals to an immense
amount. The difficulty is this : there is a large
nickel mine in Pennsylvania, and the largest
establishment in this country and the second
only of all such establishments in the world.
That establishment has heretofore done all this
nickel business for the Mint.
Mr. KELLEY. One moment. The gentle-
man is mistaken in one respect.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] if there is
any harm in Pennsylvania manufacturers hav-
ing the preference over English manufacturers
of nickel?
Mr. KELLEY. I was about to answer the
gentleman from Massachusetts by stating that
the establishment to which he refers is ill New
Jersey and not in Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Be it so,
then; I will say New Jersey. The mine is in
Lancaster, Pennsylvania; the manufacturing
establishment is in Camden, New Jersey. I
think I know all about this thing when I am
put to it. And in answer to the other gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] X have
to say that there is no harm iu Pennsylvanians
having an advantage over Englishmen unless
they tax the people to pay them for that ad-
vantage. If they do that, then there is the
harm ; and that I stand by everywhere.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellky]
says that he desires the same thing L do.
Very well; I have talked this matter over with
the Director of the Mint no longer ago than this
morning, and he says that he can get along
under my amendment; that he wili not have
any trouble under it, as I do not mean lie shall
have. But I do not mean that there shall be
one special favored manufacturer in this coun-
try who shall have the run of the Mint and
shall have what must eventuate in a,job, I care
not how pure men are when they start out. 1
now yield for a few moments to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall supportthis amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[Mr. Bi'tlkb,] placing my support on a slightly
different ground from ins—one I intimated yes-
terday—and which, it seems to me- 1 either
overvalue or my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelldy] greatly undervalues.
In the peculiar slate of our small currency—
unusual, and I trust temporary—it ia proposed
to give us more of what we already have, a
coinage whose intrinsic value is but fifteen per
cent, of its nominal value ; and this is to be
done by dispensing with the ten-cent note and
issuing these coins of the denomination of one,
three, and five cents. When the ten-cent notes
are withdrawn, as proposed, we shall have for
general circulation in the small business trans-
actions of the country nothing but these base
pieces of five cents and less. I submit that in
this way the pockets of the people would be
filled with an inconvenient quantity of what I
had almost said is little better than trash.
While we have the ten-cent notes the incon-
venience resulting from the use of these small
coins is much less than it would be under the
system now proposed ; but even with the ten-
cent notes in circulation this inconvenience has
been so great that the Treasurer of the United
States, in his last annual report, has given us a
most vigorous protest against the manner in
which this small coinage has been thrown out
upon the community. I think, therefore, that
thegentleman who has charge of this bill should
not propose to withdraw from circulation the
ten-cent notes, thus compelling the people to
fill their pockets with these small coins in order
to carry on those little every-day transactions
in which we must all to some extent engage
and which constitute the staple of the business
done by a large portion of the people. I trust,
therefore, that the gentleman will not retain
the feature of his bill to which I have called
attention and which I have sought to remedy
by au amendment. I am acting on this ques-
tion not in any captious spirit, but from a
regard to the public convenience.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley. ]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard]
for his suggestion, which gives me an oppor-
tunity to make an explanation forthe informa-
tion of the House. This bill is an official bill.
Tt is not an emanation from the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures. Tt was pre-
pared at the request of the Secretary of the
Treasury by the Director of the Mint, and was
transmitted to the House through the Speaker
by the Secretary of the Treasury, with an offi-
cial communication recommending its passage.
! It was examined by the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, and was reported
as it came from the Treasury Department. As
chairman of the committee at that time I con-
ferred with the Treasurer of the United States,
who, after examination, stated that the remarks
in his report about the disfigurement of the
small coinage, its odor, ifcc.,had reference not
to the nickel coinage, but to the bronze coins,
he having used the term "nickel" when he
should have employed the word " bronze.''
He said further that if the bill should contain
a proviso making these coins redeemable, so
as to prevent the creation of a surplus and to
enable public officers as well as private citi-
zens, when they found these coins accumulat-
ing in their hands, to exchange them for legal-
tender money, his last objection would be re-
moved. 1 discussed with him especially tin-
clause to which the gentleman from Tennessee
refers ; and he said that knowing as he did,
from the wear of the five cent copper-nickel
coins now in existence, their freedom from
impurity, he hoped the ten-cent note would be
withdrawn, as is provided in the bill. This
measure, therefore, has the sanction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the Treasurer of
the United States, and the Director of the
Mint.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
! tleman means the late Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. KELLEY. The late Secretary of the
Treasury, the present Treasurer, and the pres-
ent Director of the Mint. I will say that in-
directly the measure has the indorsement of
; the present Secretary of the Treasury f who as
1 a member of this House supported the bill
in substantially its present form in the later
days of the lant Congress, and who voted for
it when it contained the ciause which was in-
serted by a vote of the House providing that
American materials should have the prefer-
ence. That clause is contained in the bill as
printed, but not in the measure as now under
consideration. The bill, therefore, as it now
stands, has, as I have said, the direct approval
of the late Secretary of the Treasury, the Treas-
urer of the United States, and the Director of
the Mint, and the indirect approval by his vote
in this House of the present Secretary of the
Treasury. There is a point upon which the
gentleman from Massachusetts will permit me
a word further. I am requested to reduce the
amount for which this coin is a legal tender. I
have no authority to do that, but 1 would have
no objection if the House should determine to
reduce the amount to thirty cents, giving us
the quarter of a dollar arid one of these five-
cent pieces to settle the smaller balances of
accounts which cannot be reached by legal-
tender money.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, whatever we
may have thought with reference to this bill
originally we have been deprived of an oppor-
tunity to discuss it in a way in which, in my
judgment, its great importance requires it
should be discussed by this House. We are
now confined simply to a consideration of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which proposes simply to de-
prive the Director of the Mint of the discre-
tionary power which he now exercises in the
purchase of material.
Mr. KELLEY. It is open to general amend-
ment. The previous question has not been
ordered.
Mr. WOOD. Not without the consent of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLEY. When his hour expires the
bill will be still open to amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I understood the gentleman
from Massachusetts to refuse to allow thegen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. McCormick] to
offer an amendment to bis own amendment.
I have risen, therefore, simply to say a word
with reference to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, which is to incor-
porate a provision in the bill that the nickel
and copper shall be purchased only by public
advertisement and from the lowest bidder. I
] am glad that at last this principle is sought to
be incorporated in our legislation. I have no
] doa'ot that hundreds of thousands of dollars
j are annually wrongfully taken from the Treas-
: ury by allowing our subordinates to go into the
j market and make purchases at any price they
! please, of any quality they please, and in any
I quantity they please.
! Now, I know no reason why the Director of
■ the Mint in Philadelphia cannot offer compe-
j tition to the whole world in a public adverti.se-
' ment to furnish such material as will be suit-
I able and adapted to this purpose. Ashe is to
frame the advertisement, as he is to judge of
the quality of the article when it is proposed
to him, and as he is restricted only to giving it
to the lowest bidder, in my judgment it would
save hundreds of thousands of dollars. And
i, as wo arc required virtually to do away with
.! the existing currency of this character and give
|, to him the power to substitute an amouyt equal
!' to thirty or forty million dollars,allowing him
!■ to expend of the public money from twenty to
II thirty million dollars, I hold "that the tempta-
|: tion is too great to be placed in the hands of
1; one man, whoever he may be, or however far
i beyond reproach or suspicion. I think it is
| our duty to guard in our legislation the public
H Treasury in every respect, and it seems to me
ji that the adoption of this amendment will, with-
i i out doing injury to the currency or to the proper
ii creation of this coin, as is proposed by this
|; measure, protect the Treasury, and throw open
' to competition not only the nickle mines ol
l! this country but of all other countries, pro-
jj vided they can furnish a suitable article at the
lowest price.
11 Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
|i to thegentleman from New York to make a
Ii motion.
i Mr. DAVIS. I am a member of the Com-
' mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and
' as I think this bill lias not been suffieientiy
j considered by any committee of the House I
\ move that, it be recommitted.
I' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ I yield
J- to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for a
j' moment.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say that this bill
