102
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of a
number of merchants in the city of Toledo,
Ohio ; and as their petition is very brief I will
read it:
' 'Believing the provinces above our northern bound-
ary should be embraced as nearly as practicable ia
our commercial system, with as little restriction on
our intercourse with them as is compatible with a
fair reciprocity, we respectfully request you to en-
courage by legislation the policy which will best pru-
mote that object."
1 move its reference to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
the New Jersey Women Suffrage Association
and of the Vineland convention, in favor of
suffrage for women ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I presentthe memorial of
commissioners elected by the reconstruction
convention of the State of Texas, who repre-
sent the condition of the State and the wants
of the loyal people, in which they set forth the
frightful condition of things there ; that the
number of assassinations since the rebellion ,
has steadily increased ; and that in point of j
fact since the election of General Grant as j
President the assassinations in Texas have I
averaged two persons daily. All this they
attribute to what they call in twowords " John-
son's policy." They object to the organiza-
tion of a State government at this time under
the proposed constitution, showing at length
that such a government would be in the hands
of rebels and would be in itself disloyal to the
nation. They set forth various remedies, and
among others, and the last on which they rely,
is that Congress will provide territorial or mil-
itary governments for the State of Texas, divid-
ing the State into two or three subdivisions.
They think under such governments there might
be some protection to life and freedom of speech
and of opinion until such time as that com-
munity shall be fit for a State government. I
move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Samuel Pierce, of Cambridge. Massachusetts,
praying for a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of John
L. Lav and William W. W. Wood, citizens of
the United States, praying compensation for the
invention of the torpedo and torpedo appara-
tus used by the Government to destroy the
rebel ram Albemarle ; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. V1CKERS presented resolutions adopted
by the Board of Trade of Baltimore, Maryland,
in regard to the immunity of private property
at sea in time of war, in regard to building
levees on the Mississippi, and the action of the
National Board of Trade thereon, and in re-
gard to the national bankrupt law ; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented a letter from
William Welch, or Philadelphia, praying for
such legislation by Congress as will afford pro-
tection to American vessels at the island of
Ouba; which was referred to the Committee I
on Commerce. !
He also presented a memorial of members i
of the Philadelphia Board of Marine Under-
writers, praying that for the benefit of com-
merce, the protection and safety of property
and life, steps may be promptly taken to pre-
vent the loss of the Absecom light-house from
the encroachments of the sea; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
a|s® presented a petition of citizens of
•Philadelphia, praying that pensions be granted
to the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812*
which was referred to the Committee 011 Pen-
sions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas
B. Wales & Co., on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Charles
P. Redmond, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ABBOTT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of citizens of Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, praying an appropriation for
building a post office, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and- Post
Roads; and thattbe petition of citizens of Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, praying for an appropriation
for deepening the Capo Fear river, and the memo-
rial of the Chamber of Commerce, of Wilmington,
North Carolina, praying an appropriation for the
same purpose, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committeeon Commerce.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That Margaret Doyle have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Ellen J.
Brosmarf, on the Hies of the Senate, bereferred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Daniel H. Smith, on
the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
B. Looney, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Pensions; ;ind tbatthememorials
of the Legislature of Alabama, praying grants of |
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads, ;
on the files of the Senate, be relerred to the Com- j
mittee on Publio Lands. |
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 3) to enforce the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution and the laws of the United
States in the State of Georgia, and to restore
to that State the republican government elected
under its new constitution, have recommended
an amendment to the bill, and report the bill
back to the Senate without any recommenda-
tion whatever, the members of the committee
who were present being equally divided ia
regard to the bill, although they agreed in ref-
erence to an amendment to it. 1 am instructed
by the committesto report it back, without any
recommendation as to its passage, with that
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thesamecommittee, to
whom were referred the credentials of Hon.
Joshua Hill and Hon. H. V. M. Miller, claim-
ing to have been elected Senators to this body
by the Legislature of Georgia, have instructed
me to report them back with a recommenda-
tion that they lie upon the table until action
shall be taken upon the bill in regard to the
State 01 Georgia. I will state, in making this
report or recommendation of the committee,
that I do it under the direction of the commit-
tee ; that for myself I am opposed to the rec-
ommendation, and believe it the duty of the
Senate to act upon the credentials of these
gentlemen at once. I do not wish the recom-
mendation of the committee disposed of. Let
the case go on the Calendar. I shall resist
that action,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will go 011 the Calendar. '
testimonials to naval officers.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on For- \
eign Relations have directed me to report a \
joint resolution, and I desire to have it acted i
upon now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. It. No. 31) authorizing Lieutenant Com-
mauder Arthur A. Yates, Surgeon Albert L, '
Gihon, Passed Assistant Surgeon Charles H. j
White, and Assistant Surgeon Jerome H. Kid- !
der, of the United States Navy, to accept
decorations from the king of Portugal in rec-
ognition of humane services, was read three
times, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED. |
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous i
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. |
No. 145) to promote the building of steamships
in the United States, and to provide for tne
transportation of the United States mails be-
tween New York and Europe by steamships
built in the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
011 Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
146) relating to the Freedmen's Bureau ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 147) granting a pension to William 13.
Looney, of Alabama; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 148)
granting to the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
, tanooga Railroad Company the right of way
through the public lauds of the United States,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORX asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. Xo.
149) granting land to aid m rebuilding the Pen-
sacola and Louisville railroad : which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committeeon
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. I0O1
providing a mode of settlement of certain
claims; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 151 1
to further the administration of justice : which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. l-"2 >
to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania ave-
nue ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District, of Columbia,
and^ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill' S. No.
153) to extend the letters-patent orijrnailv
granted to John Young; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee 0:1
Patents.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill i.S.
No. 154) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas Se-
ttle Pacific ocean, with a branch to the south-
ern boundary of the United btates in the direc-
tion of El Paso ; which was read twice by it,
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON, in pursuance of prewous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 32) prescribing
the manner of proceeding by State Legisla-
tures upon amendments to the Constitution
proposed to them for ratification ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the resolution
lie on the table ior the present, and be printed,
lhe motion was agreed to.
CORRESPONDENCE OF CASS AND Bl'OItANAN.
Mr. CIIAiSiDLER. 1 offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Jleiolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to communicate to the Senate a copy of the corre-
spondence between James Buchanan, tbeu President,
of the United States, and Lewis Cass,"then iWtiv
of State, regarding the policy to be pumml to avert
the war of the rebellion then threatening, which cor-
respondence led to the resignation of All*. Cass.
There being 110 objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER, That resolution should be
addressed to the President of the United States
and not to the Secretary of State. '
