1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
and patronage that the States with extreme reluc-
tance yielded their assent to the establishment of the
Federal Government. Nor was this the effect of idle
and visionary fears on the part of an ignorant mul-
titude without knowledge of the nature and ten-
dency of power. On the contrary, it resulted from
the most extensive and profound political knowl-
edge, from the heads of statesmen unsurpassed in
any age in sagacity and patriotism. Nothing could
reconcile the great men of that day to a Constitution
of so much power but the guards which were put
upon it against the abuse of power. Dread and jeal-
ousy of this abuse displayed itself throughout the
instrument. To this spirit wo are indebted for the
freedom of the press, trial by jury, liberty of con-
science, freedom of debate, responsibility to con-
stituents, power of impeachment, the control of the
Senate over appointments to office, and many other
provisions of a like character." -- >• =
" The committee believe that they will be acting
in the spirit of the Constitution in laboring to multi-
ply the guards and to strengthen thebarriers against
the possible abuse of power. If a community could
be imagined in which the laws should executethem-
selves, in which the power of government should con-
sist in tho enactment of laws in such a state the ma-
chine of government would carry on its operations
without jar or friction. Parties would be unknown,
and the movements of thepolitical machine wouldbut
litile more disturb tho passions of men than they are
disturbed by tho operations of the great laws of the
material world. But this is not the case. Thescene
shifts from this imaginary region wherelaws execute
themselves to the theater of ieal life, wherein they
are executed by civil and military officers, by armies
and navies, by courts of justice, by the colled ion and
disbursement of revenue, with all its train of salaries,
jobs, and contracts; and in this aspectof the reality
we behold the working of patronage and d scovor
the reason why so many stand ready in any country
and in ail ages to flock to tho standard of power,
wheresoever and by whomsoever it may bo raised."
The committee on these principles reported,
as I said yesterday, six. distinct acts, some of
which passed the Senate. One of them, which
illustrates the character of them all, is con-
tained in one single section, but it contains the
identical principle and the very substance of
the act which yon have now before you under
consideration. It declared:
" That commissions issued to the officers in the
Army and Navy of the United States shall 110 longer
be made out with a clause importing that they are
' to c ntinue in torce during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent of the United States for the time being;' but
shall be mode out with a clause declaring that they
arc 'to continue in force duringyour good behavior;'
and no officer shall ever hereafter bo dismissed the
service oxcept in pursuance to the sentence of a
court-martial or upon an address to the President
rrom tho two Houses of Congress.''
Thus it will be perceived that far within that
magical period of eighty years, which has so
great an effect upon the mind of the distin-
guished Senator from Indiana, the statesmen
of the day, the representatives of tho States,
and through them the representatives of the
sober and reflecting will of the people, thought
it necessary, and this body accordingly enacted
so far as it could on its part, to declare that
the President of the United States should not
exercise, as applied to one particular branch
of the public service, the irresponsible power
of removal from office during a recess of the
Senate.
In 18o-5, on the 9th of February, ten years
after the events to which I have last, referred,
Mr. Calhoun, from a similar committee, made
a report upon the same subject, in which, after
giving the number of the employes of the Gov-
ernment, its officers and agents, and the great
disbursements that were then being made for
the public service, amounting to S'22,713,755,
as the total expenditures of the Government
under the direction of the Executive, he pro-
ceeds to say, referring to the great number of
officers who received these disbursements and
the great power of presidential patronage in
controlling the action of these officers thus
receiving the money:
"But, as great as is this number, it gives a very
imperfect conception of the sum total of those who,
as furnishing supplies or otherwise, are connected
with, and more or less dependent on the Govern-
ment, and of course liable to be influenced by its
patronage, the number of whom, with their depend-
ents, cannot even be conjecturcd. If to these be
added the almost countless host of expectants who
are seeking to displace those in office or to occupy
their places astliey become vacant, all of whom must
look to the Executive tor the gratification of their
wishes, some conception may be formed of the im-
mense number subject to the influence of executive
patronage."
Then he proceeds:
" In speaking of the practice of removing from
office on party ground as of recent date, and of
course comprehended under the causes which have
of late contributed to the increase of execu tive pat-
ronage, your committee are aware that eases of
such removals may be found in the early stages of
the Government; but they are so few, and exercised
so little influence, that they may be said to consti-
tute instances rather than as forming a practice. It
is only within the last few years that removals from
olhce have been introduced as a system, and for tho
first time an opportunity has been afforded of test-
ing the tendency of the practice and witnessing the
mighty increase which it has given to the force of
executive patronage and the entire and fearful
change in conjunction with other causes it is effect-
ing in the character of our political system. Nor
will it require much reflection to perceive in what
manner it contributes to increase so vastly the ex-
tent of executive patronage.
"So long as offices were considered as public trusts,
to be conferred on the honest, the faithful and capa-
able for the common good, n.nd not for the benefit
or gain of the incumbent or his party, and so long as
it was the practice of the Government to continue in
office those who faithfully performed their duties, its
patronage in point of fact was limited to tho mere
power of nominating to accidental vacancies or to
newly-created offices, and could, of course, exeiciso
but a moderate influence either over the body of the
community, or of the officeholders themselves; but
when this practice was reversed, when offices, instead
of being considered as public trusts to be conferred
on tho deserving, were regarded as the spoils of vic-
tory, to be bestowed as rewards for partisan services
without respect to merit; when it became to be
understood that all who hold offieo hold by the ten-
ure of partisan zeal and party service, it is easy to
see that the certain, direct, and inevitable tendency
of such a state of things is to convert the entire body
of those in office into corrupt and supple instruments
of power, and to raise up a host of hungry, greedy,
and subservient partisans ready for every service
however baseandcorrupt. Were a premium offered
for the best means of extending to the utmost the
power of patronage, to destioy the love of country
and to substitute a spirit of subseiviency and man-
worship; to encourage vice and discourage virtue;
and, in a word, to prepare for the subversion of lib-
erty and the establishment of despotism, 110 scheme
moro perfect could be devised, and such must be tho
tendency of the practice with whatever intention
adopted or to whatever extent pursued."
I might go 011 with this reading, I think, to
the profit of myself and those who hear me ;
but these were the opinions that actuated the
conduct of a majority of this body in times
gone by 011 more occasions than one. They
were opinions founded in vast political ex-
perience. They were opinions founded in the
lessons of history, because, turn which way
you will, you cannot in history point to an in-
stance where the liberties of a people deserv-
ing to be called in any degree civilized or in-
telligent have been overthrown otherwise than
by the gradual accretion of executive power
running up from a pure democracy to some
consul, from some consul to an emperor, and
frotn an emperor to a tyrant, who at last is ex-
pelled and overthrown by a pure revolution.
Now, sir, coming down to the present his-
tory of these measures, we do not find, as my
friend from Illinois supposed yesterday, that
the law which it is now proposed to repeal was
an invention intended to cramp the feet and
tie the hands of Andrew Johnson merely. We
find that a Republican Congress with a Repub-
lican President, in whom it had entire polit-
ical confidence—Mr. Lincoln—when in 18G'2
and 1863 it created a new executive office, that
of Comptroller of the Currency, which was to
have its agents in every section of the country,
and was to exercise, therefore, considerable
influence upon the destinies of the people, de-
clared in express terms in its law that the
Comptroller of the Currency should not hold
his office at the will of the President of the
United States, but that he should hold his
office at the will of the people found in its
authorized expression in the statute-book ; and
that law stands a witness to the purity of a
Republican Administration to this day. Are
Senators dissatisfied with that? If they are,
why do not they with the same zeal make haste
to put the Comptroller of the Currency at the
will of the present President of the United
States?
They did not stop there, sir. They provided,
although I now forget the precise year, that
no removal of any officer of the Army or of the
Navy of the United States should be made at
the will of the President alone, and that those
officers should only be removed upon the sen-
tence of a court-martial upon a trial; that is
to say, that the tenure of their offices should
be independent of executive will and should
depend upon the law. And yet nobody sus-
pected that any indignity was being offered to
the Executive ; that any affront was being ten-
dered to him; that it expressed any want of
confidence in him ; but rather that it expressed
a settled and everlasting principle of true ju is-
prudence in a Government that is of the people
and for the people.
The Senators and Representatives who ap-
plied that law to their own administrations only
imitated what they had found in their own
States worked the best. I beg to ask my hon-
orable friend from Indiana whether the con-
stitution and frame of government of that State
put any of the executive officers of that State
into the control of the Governor? I have ex-
amined the constitution of Indiana, and, like
that of Vermont, the officers whom that frame
of government provides for are the officers of
the law. Their title to office does not depend
upon the will of any roan in Indiana, behe
high or low. It depends upon the selection
of the people; and they hold according to the
terms prescribed by the constitution, subject
to being expelled by impeachment for misbe-
havior. Is not the State government of Indiana
a model for us all? Is not justice administered
there? Are not the revenues collected ? Are
not the public agents virtuous and attentive
and assiduous in their duties ? Nobody doubts
it. The machine of government treads, if I
may use the expression, upon flowers. Indiana
has not suffered because executive power and
executive patronage were not built up on the
modern theory of partisan democracy in the
United State?. And so it is in every State, I
believe, or nearly every State of this Union;
and yet every mail who hears me knows that
every State government in this Union is better ,
administered to-day than the Government of
the United States is ; that every State govern-
ment in this Union has been better adminis-
tered for the last forty years than the Govern-
ment of the United States.
We therefore find that this disposal of officers
in the will of the Executive is not a necessa'y
step for good administration. We find, on thp
contrary, that the practice of their being in the
hands of the Executive has been an evil in the
practical administration of the Government,
because all around the Government you have,
as I say, the constant witness of State organiz-
ation and State administration which puts your
national administration to shame upon the very
same class of officers.
1 am not to be told, therefore, that purity of
administration, that success in the collection
of the revenue, and that progress in the course
of government depend upon the fact that all
the agents of the law are merely the creatures
and agents of the Executive, whoever he may
be. Why, sir, when an officer is appointed
under any frame of government that is other
than a despotism what is he? Is he the mere
servant and creature of the Executive, or is he
the responsible agent of the law that imposes
upon him certain duties and surrounds him
with certain rights, so that, treading ill the path
of his duty, he can compel the President of the
United States to pay his taxes as well as he can
compel me to pay mine ? That is the idea that
I have been taught to entertain of the true func-
tion of an officer of a free people.
Well, sir, this tenure-of-office law came to
be enacted, and it came to be enacted, as Sen-
ators have said, because the prime and moving
cause on the spot was that this very power in
the hands of an Executive whose politics you
did not like was going to be put in practice
to displace good men and to put in their stead
bad men, as we believed; that Mr. Johnson
intended, in the absence of the Senate, as he
did do to a very great extent, to remo?e from
office the faithful public servantswhomhehad
nominated or whom his predecessor had nom-
inated, and who had been subjected to the
scrutiny and had received the approval of the
Senate, aud to put into their places men who
had shed tears at Philadelphia or who had em-
braced at Boston ; and so the law stepped 10.
