1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
misunderstand the act of 1867._ He knew that
that act, as guarded and restrictive aa it was,
was intended to confer upon him an absolute
discretion ; to be sure a responsible discretion,
not a capricious one, but an honest and a con-
scientious discretion, which, being honest and
conscientious, was completely absolute; and
he acted upon it; and he suspended the high-
est and the best officer in his Cabinet, without
any disparagement to the others, upon a mere
point of etiquette ; and he sent the suspension
to us; and how did we act upon it? I am at
liberty to speak of it inasmuch as the injunc-
tion of secrecy in that case has been removed.
We did not put in any plea of abatement to
Mr. Johnson's exercise of that power, but we
treated it in the same spirit that he had sent
il, to us, upon its merits; and we thought, and
I believe the country sustained us in it, that
that was not a good cause for changing Mr.
Stanton and succeeding him by whoever the
personage might be. Was that wrong?
To go back a little ; my attention is called
to the purpose of the enactment of this law,
and I am now shown and will read another
passage from the debate on that occasion.
When Mr. Doolittle, {if Wisconsin, charged
that although the purpose of the measure was
in his opinion to force the President against
his will to retain the Secretaries appointed by
Mr. Lincoln, and yet that the phraseology was
such that the bill if passed would not accom-
plish that object, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman".] who was a member of the confer-
ence committee and assisted to frame the pro-
viso which was under debate, said:
" I do not understand the logic of the Senator from
Wisconsin. He first attributes a purpose to the com-
mittee of conference which I say is not true. I say
that the Senate hare not legislated withaviewto any
person or any President, and therefore he commences
by asserting what is not true there."
That, sir, is the language of one of the gen-
tlemen of this bQdy to whom we all look as
justly among our leaders, one who had charge
or assisted in having charge of the conference
between the two Houses on the subject; and,
as I said before, X believe an examination will
fail to disclose that any Senator who voted for
the passage of the bill put it upon any such
ground as has been intimated by the Senator
from Illinois.
To return to I he subject of the operation of
this law. I have shown that it has no opera-
tion at all during the session of the Senate;
that this restriction upon the President of his
power to suspend from oflice is in terms con-
fined to a recess of the Senate. Now honor-
able Senators say that the law has proved to
be a bad one because it has embarrassed the
Executive m the exercise of his power to re-
move incompetent, incapable, and dishonest
officials, and as proof of that they point to the
fact that the incoming Administration finds the
offices filled up with that class of persons.
Well, sir, 1 think that is pretty true as a fact
that they are so filled up. How many days,
though, I should like to know, has this act
been in operation since it was passed, and how
many days has it been a barrier upon Andrew
Johnson? Just three hundred and twenty-
three days, while there have been three hun-
dred and ninety-two days since the passage of
the act down to the commencement of the
present session when the Senate has been in
session, and the sessions of the Senate were
distributed over the following periods of time :
the first session began on the 4th of March,
1867, and lasted through that month to the
JSOth; a special session began on the 1st of
April and lasted until the 20t,h of Ajiril, 1867 ;
another session began on the -3d of July and
lasted until the 20th of July, 18G7 ; another on
the 21st of November and lasted until the 2d
of December, 1807; another on the 2d of De-
cember, 1807, and lasted until the 27th of
July, 1808; another on the21st of September,
1868; another on the 10th of October, 1868;
another on the 10th of November, 1868; and
then the last session of the last Congress began
in December, 1868. Thus during this very
period of time when gentlemen say the law
has been an injury to the public service in
preventing the displacement of evil officials,
because the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue could not find legal evidence, there hap-
pened once a month all the time a session of
the Senate ; and if there had been any pretense
of such a thing the Senate could have been
appealed to by a new nomination; but we did
not get a new nomination; and what was the
reason? It was not because there was such a
law, but it was because the Executive of the
U nited States either did not believe that his
officers were guilty of any impropriety, or else,
believing it, he did not care to remove them
or to propose to remove them for that reason.
The allegation, therefore, that this act has
proved injurious to the public service entirely
falls to the ground, because there has been no
time for thirty days that it has stood in the
way of a session of the Senate where the Presi-
dent of the United States, had he been embar-
rassed by anything in the law in the way of
finding proof, could not have found his way out
of it by sending in a nomination to this body.
No, sir; it is a sheer complaint of the enemies
of this principle of legislation, who are endeav-
oring out of the disordered state of public
affairs and of public administration to find
some motive or some excuse for overthrowing
a law which has not interfered with the public
service at all.
Now look on the other side. How many
good officers appointed by President Lincoln
and by Mr. Johnson in the earlier days of his
administration were kept in by force of this
law? They can be counted by thousands. Sen-
ators know perfectly well that the public ser-
vice was carried on in spite of the efforts of
the Executive to turn out honest and industri-
ous and determined public servants and to put
into their places mere politicians who had
apostatized from their party or who had come
up out of the sink of the rebellion desiring
again to be fed out of the public Treasury. A
careful examination of the records of this body
and of the records of the State Department
will demonstrate that the officers appointed by
Mr. Johnson, after his apostasy to his party
and before this law passed and to fill up vacan-
cies which the Constitution gave him power to
fill up as a whole, proved the most mischievous
of all. The law, therefore, instead of being
a barrier against his removing bad officials, has
been a barrier against his removing good ones;
and you find when you look at the facts that
every opportunity that he did have, speaking
as a whole, was made use of to fill up the pub-
lic service with a class of persons whom nobody
has any faith in.
Why, sir, look at the one instance alone of
the effect of this law upon the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, in whom we all had con-
fidence. Are Senators ignorant of the fact that
he would have had his office taken from him
in a moment but for this law? No man can
doubt it. Are Senators ignorant of the fact—
and this is a matter of public notoriety—that
name after name, when the Senate has met,
i.as been sent in for his place, whom commit-
tees of this body have repoited unanimously
against, and whose nominations have beeu le-
j^-cteJ with scorn because they were persons
wholly unworthy of public confidence? What
would hare been the condition of the internal
revenue administration at this moment had
not this law stood between the will of Andrew
Johnson and his advisers and that faithful
public otlieer who has jjst retired from that
office?
Look at the case of the Secretary of War.
Look at the condition of the country as touch-
ing his office. Are Senators ignorant of the
fact that it was believed by a great portion of
the people of this country that the President
of the United States meditated, by the aid of
some of the extremes of the Democratic party
and of the rebels, to resist the measures of
reconstruction by force, and to set up govern-
ments of his own in the southern States in spite
of the will of the representatives of the people?
Senators are not ignorant of it, It is a* matter
of public history, and you cannot shut your eyes
to it. Where was the barrier that intervened
and stood in his way in carrying out sueb a
plan? It was this same much-abused tennre-
of-office bill. The Secretary of War, Mr. Stan-
ton, laying aside those sentiments of delicacy
that would have led him, consulting his own
personal wishes, to resign at once, and yielding
to the unanimous wish of the Republican mem-
bers of the House of Representatives and to
the wish of a very large number of Senators,
stood by the law and stood by his office in spite
of the will of the President, and thus thwarted
that design, if there ever was such a one, as I
believe there was. Who can measure the dis-
asters to this country had such a scheme existed
and been carried out? A creature of the Pres-
ident of the United States in the War Office
and another in the Navy—if he was not there
already—would have put the whole power of
this Government at the disposal of one man,
and your reconstructed States, arising out of
their disasters under the beneficent and mer-
ciful legislation of Congress, would have been
consigned to an aristocracy of serfdom where
the white rebels would have held the rod of
tyrants over the white loyalists and the black,
ones.
I dislike, therefore, to hear gentlemen, with-
outqualification, accusing this law as one which
has brought detriment to the country. It is
not so. It has brought good to the country in
the ways I have named.
Now, what do we propose to do? We pro-
pose, in order as we had hoped to meet the
views of our own political friends, who had seen,
or thought they had seen, practical difficulties
in administration under this law, to give, by an
act of generous confidence in the present Ex-
ecutive, to him during the next recess of Con-
gress a complete power to sweep out of office
the persons who now hold it. But we are met
by the argument of gentlemen that this is a
want of confidence in the Executive, that it
implies that we are putting him on probation.
Sir, it is a new way of exhibiting want of con-
fidence in the President to suspend a statute
which restrains him, and leave him entirely at
liberty for any period of time. I should have
supposed it was a vote of the highest confi-
dence. The argument of gentlemen who adopt
that method of argumentation reminds me of
a little scrap of history that I saw in reading a
book the other day, and 1 will refer to it.
By an imperial law of Gratian, in the time
of the Romans, it. was decreed t'ftat those who
called in question the prince's judgment or
doubted the merit of such as he had chosen
for a public office should be persecuted as guilty
of sacrilege and burnt. I am sure that gen-
tlemen who take this lugubrious view of our
relations to the President of the United States
must have got their system of republicanism
from the Roman days, and must really suppose
that Senators who differ from the judgment of
the Executive, if he has one—and we have no
message from him on that subject—are really
guilty of a sacrilege and an affront. But, sir,
that is not so. The newspapers may say so if
they like. In fact I believe we were told in
argument yesterday by one distinguished Sen-
ator that the newspaper press of the country,
■the representatives of public opinion, demanded
this repeal. Certainly some of the newspaper
press do ; but they do not represent the public
opinion of my State, as far as I understand it.
I saw in a paper of this city two or three days
ago a very long article and a very ingenious
one, written evidently by somebody who under-
stood the subject, who pointed out to the Sen-
ate of the United States that it would be a
piece of impertinence for us to refuse to pass
a bill that the House of Representatives bad
sent to us by such a unanimous vote ; that we
are recreants to our duty. The same song has
been sung here. The overshadowing majesty
of the Representatives of the people is ap-
pealed to ; and I wonder that Senators who
wish to carry on this pageant to its highest
degree of perfection should not have suggested
that the House should be marshaled here with
