110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
charge the duties of the office. That power
cannot and will not be abused ; but the power
of removal is a very different power, a power
never contemplated to be invested in the Sen-
ate. I am willing to join Senators in any proper
measures to restrain the power of removal in
the President, to limit it by a tenure-of-office
act even, if you please, to create a tribunal to
pass upon cases of removal, to pass what is
called a civil service bill founded upon just
principles; but to transfer to the Senate the
whole power of removal, as is practically done
by the tenure-of-office act, it seems to me
involves us in trouble and controversy that
has no remedy.
_ Mr. President, there are one or two very
simple propositions that ought to be in the law
to guard against and avoid the abuses men-
tioned by the Senator from Vermont. Those
abuses gave rise to the tenure-of-office law.
The first is, that the removal during the session
of the Senate should only be complete by con-
firmation. Practically that has always been
so, and perhaps it is not necessary to pass any
law on that point, because if a nomination is
sent to us during the session of the Senate,
even if it is accompanied by an absolute re-
moval, practically no change in the office takes
place until the action of the Senate or the con-
firmation. With the single exception of the
case of the removal of Mr. Pickering, in the
time of John Adams, there was no case of
a removal during the session of the Senate
except when it was completed by the act of
confirmation of a successor.
Mr. HOWE. How was it with the Vienna
mission?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not certain. My
friend from Massachusetts can tell. I do not
remember a single case of removal during the
session of the Senate unless it was completed
by the confirmation of a successor except the
case of Pickering.
Mr. HOWE. I remember now that the
Vienna case was the case of an accepted res-
ignation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend from
Massachusetts, whose lore is much greater
than mine, it there was any other case in the
history of our Government.
Mr. SUMNER. None other than that of
Mr. Pickering.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There were half a dozen
cases of navy agents and others cited during
the impeachment trial.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Maine
stated the other day that there was no case,
and I quote him.
Mr. SUMNER. There was none on the
records of the Department of State. The case3
to which the Senator from Illinois refers may
have been in the Navy Department; but I
know that the records of the Department of
State were ransacked in order to find an in-
stance, and the only one that was found was
that of Mr. Pickering, and the Senate will
remember that it was doubtful whether that
was a case in point.
Mr. SHERMAN. In that ease the act of
confirmation was so rapid on the act of re-
moval that it was doubtful whether they were
not really parts of the same act. Then there
is no need mw by extraordinary legislation to
guard against that difficulty, because during
the session of the Senate practically the power
to act on the confirmation controls thepower of
removal. The right of removal by the Presi-
dent during the recess, in my jugdment, ought
to be absolute, and the appointment only tem-
porary. That is the constitutional provision;
and appointments made during the recess can
endure no longer than until the next session.
One reason why the tenure-of-office bill was
passed was because Mr. Johnson, when he
abandoned the Republican party, evaded by a
device the provisions of the Constitution which
require nominations to be submitted to the
Senate. How? During the recess some one
was appointed to office. By the Constitution
that appointment expired at the close of the
next session. Bet he, in violation of the spirit ■
of the Constitution, held on to that nomina-
tion until near the close of the next session,
when he sent it to us, and if we rejected the
appointee he was immediately reappointed at
the close of the session. Thus, in violation of
the Constitution, overriding our authority,
overriding our clear power, he maintained in
office a man who had been rejected by the Sen-
ate. That was done for years. In other cases,
where we neglected for want of time to act on
the nomination, where he did not allow us
proper time, he reappointed the same person
or appointed special agents to perform the
duties. It was these classes of cases that gave
rise to the passage of the civil tenure act; and
but for that, in my judgment, that act would
never have been passed by the Senate. It was
because the President of the United States was
violating, in terms and in substance, the pro-
visions of the Constitution and taking from the
Senate all control over the appointment of
officers. It was that which led to the passage
of the tenure-of-office act.
But, sir, we could easily guard against this
abuse, first, by providing that all nominations
made during the recess should be sent to the
Senate immediately on our convening. Next,
we can provide that no money shall be taken
from the Treasury of the United States to pay-
persons who have been appointed after they
had been rejected by the Senate. By these two
provisions, which could be passed at any time
over any Administration, we could cure all the
evils that were intended to be healed by the
tenure-of-office act.
We can go further than that; and I have no
doubt the administration of General Grant, or
any Administration, would cooperate with us ;
we might pass something in the nature of a
civil service bill that would prescribe the dura-
tion of the term of office. The diplomatic ser-
vice undoubtedly ought to be revised and placed
upon substantially the basis of the military and
naval service, so that no one engaged in that
service, after being then partially educated by
experience in the foreign service, should be
summarily removed and displaced and a poli-
tician in our country, without any experience,
sent out to fill his place. There never can be
and never has been any difficulty in making
limitations and restraints upon the power of
removal by general acts of this kind. You
may, indeed, require an officer to hold his
office for a term of years—say three or four or
five years, and deny to the President the power
to remove during that term of office ; and that
was done in the cg.se mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, of the Comptroller of t.he
Currency, who holds his office, beyond the
power of removal by the President of the
United States, for five years.
There is no trouble, then, in meeting all the
difficulties that grow out of the abuse of exec-
utive_power by wise regulations which will not
impair or evade or invade the great power
which must rest in the Executive to remove
from office when in his judgment the public
service demands it, or if that power of re-
moval must be limited, require it to be limited
by general law, or, if necessary, to be subject
to the revision of a tribunal similar in degree
and in character to a court-martial. So all
the good purposes, all the good objects of the
tenure-of-office actmaybe easily accomplished
without resorting to the extraordinary pro-
vision of denying to the President of the United
States the power to remove a man except for
crime, for that is £he substance of the second
section of the tenure-oi-office act.
But my friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
says to us he agrees with us that experience
has shown that the tenure-of-office act has
failed in its purpose, that it is not a wise law,
that it ought to be modified and ought to be
repealed, and he says that the Judiciary Com-
mittee have unanimously reported that fact.
It is a great admission when so distinguished
a committee as the Judiciary Committee ad-
vise that a law deemed so important and which
almost, if not quite, a majority of the Senate
seem now to stand by( shall be suspended for
one year. Why, sir, if it ought to be suspended
for one year it ought to be repealed. If there
is any object whatever for this law to accom-
plish it ought to exist during the next recess
of the Senate. The whole power is to be trans-
ferred to General Grant for one year. He may
remove any one for any cause whatever; and
then, after everybody that is in is turned out,
the doors must be shut on all future Presi-
dents, all future Administrations. Is that what
the Judiciary Committee mean ? Suppose that
at the end of four years the people of the Uni-
ted States, the common masters of us all, should
change their minds, and General Grant's ad-
ministration should not meet their approval,
and some other Administration should come
in, would you then deny to the new Adminis-
tration a power which you concede to General
Grantfor one year? Why, sir, the public voice
and the public judgment would denounce that
as partisan legislation, and all the power, all the
authority of the great Republican party could
not defend and maintain such a doctrine.
If this law ought to be suspended it ought
i to be repealed, because if it is suspended dur-
! ing the next recess this Administration will
i place in power all its appointees, and then we
| shall have no right to legislate so as to protect
j those men, our political friends, in power
I against the judgment and voice of the people.
' The very argument that leads the Judiciary
i Committee to report in favor of suspending
the law leads me irresistibly to think it ought
not to stand at all. And here we may as well
confess, what every man knows, that this law
was designed to meet an emergency. It was
founded upon a great principle, it is true, but
it was designed to meet an emergency. The
principle upon which it was founded was that
the authority of the Executive over all the
officers of this Government ought to be limited
and restrained by law. That was the great
principle upon which it was founded ; but the
question is, is it wise to leave the Senate as
the tribunal to restrain the power of removal?
Is it not better to leave that question to be
regulated by general law fixing the duration
of the term of office, fixing some mode and
manner of removal; so that the power of the
President should be controlled and curbed
and regulated by law, and by tribunals estab-
lished by law, rather then by the changing will
and whim of the Senate. There is the ques-
tion, and that is undoubtedly the point which
has led to the rapid and prompt and almost
unanimous repeal of this law by the House of
Representatives. The principle of the tenure-
of-office act is proper and right, and should be
made the permanent law of this country ; but
the tribunal to participate with the President
of the United States in the act of removal it
seems to me ought not to be the Senate of the
United States. Rather there ought to be a
law fixing the duration of the term of office'
fixing the reasons of removal, and if some tri-
bunal is necessary to pass upon those reasons
let jt be a tribunal independent of the legis-
lative, as of the executive authority.
We protect the officers of our Army by a
court-martial composed of their own number
We protect the officers of our Navy in the same
wS;y- T1\e on,y trouble about the tenure-of-
office act is that we have drawn into it a poiit-
ical body, like the Senate of the United States
to participate in an executive act of removal!
and have denied to the President the power to
remove during the recess of the Senate except
for crime. v
Now, sir, I do not say that public opinion
demands the repeal of the act, bccause here we
have nothing to do with public opinion ; we arc
here as independent Senators; butuudoubtedlv
the judgment of the House of Representatives
is a very strong indication that they who par-
ticipated with us m passing the law feel that
the object of it has been accomplished, and that
now some other mode ought to be devised to
control and limit the power of removal by the
President. It seems to me that we are now
acting as judges in our own case. If this great
power of the Senate is maintained to prevent
