i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from the speech of Mr. Calhoun, delivered in
the Senate, February 20, 1835 :
" If the power to dismiss is possessed by the Exec-
utive he must hold it in one of two modes: either
by an express grant of the povi'er by the Constitution,
or as a power necessary and proper to execute some
power expressly granted by that instrument. All the
powers under tne Constitution may be classed under
one or the other of these heads; there is no interme-
diate class. The first question then is, has the Presi-
dent the power in question by any express grant of
the Constitution? He who afhrms that he has is
bound to chow it. That instrument is in the hands
of every member; the portion containing the delega-
tion of power to the President is short. It is com-
prised in a few sentences'
"I ask the Senators to open the Constitution, to
examine it, and to find, if they can, any authority
given to the President to dismiss a public officer.
None buch can be found; the Constitution has been
carefully examined, and no one pretends to have
found such a grant. Well, then, as there is none
such, if it exists at all it must exist as a power neces-
sary and proper to execute some granted power, but
if it exists in that character it belongs to Congress
and not to the Executive. i venture not the asser-
tion hastily; 1 speak on the authority of the Consti-
tution itself, the express and unequivocal authority
which cannot be denied or contradicted. Hear what
that sacred instrument says: 'Congress shall have
power to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-
ers " (those granted to Congress itself)' and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Government
of the United States or in any department of oflice
thereof.' iVlark thefullness of the expression. Con-
gress shall have power to make all laws, not only to
carry into effect the powers expressly delegated to
itself, but those delegated to the Government or any
department or office thereof, and of couise compre-
hends thepowerto pass lawsnecessary and proper to
carry into effect the powers expressly granted to the
executive department.
" It follows, of course, to whatever express grant of
power to the Executive the power of dismissal may
be supposed to attach, whether to that of seeing the
law faithfully executed or to the still more compre-
hensive grant, as contended for by some, vesting ex-
ecutive powers in the President, the mere fact that
it is a power appurtenant to another power and
necessary to carry it into effect, transfers it by the
provisions of the Constitution cited from the Execu-
tive to Congress, and plaoes it under the control of
Congress, to be regulated in themannerwhich it may
judge best. If there be truth and reasoning on po-
litical subjects the conclusion at which I have arrived
cannot be resisted. I would entreat gentlemen
who are opposed to me to pause and reflect, and to
point out it possible the slightest flaw in the argu-
ment, or to find a peg on which to hang a doubt.
Can they deny that all powers under the Constitu-
tion are either powers specifically granted or powers
necessary and proper to carry such into execution?
Canit be said that there are inherent powers compre-
hended in neither of these classes and existing by a
sort of divine right in the Government ? The Sena-
tor from New York_(i\Ir. Wright) attempted to estab-
lish some such position, but the moment that my
colleague touched it with the spear of truth ho (Mr.
Wright) shrunk from the deformity of his own concep-
tion. Or can it be asserted that there are powers
derived from obligations higher than the Constitu-
tion itself? The very intimation of such a source of
power hurled from office the predecessor of the pres-
ent incumbent. But if it cannot be denied that all
the powers under the Constitution are comprised
under one or the other of these classes, and if it is
acknowledged, as it is on a.ll sides, that the power of
dismissal is not specially granted by the Constitution,
it follows by irresistible and anecessary consequence
that the power belongs not to the Executive but to
Congress, to be regulated and controlled at its pleas-
ure."—Gales and Seaton's liegizter of Debates, vol. 11.
p. 553-51.
Mr. CARPENTER. This subject came
before Congress and was much discussed in the
early days of the Republic. The determination
which was then reached has never been satisfac-
tory to the country and cannot be vindicated
upon the Constitution. I should stand in silent
reverence before the authority of Madison and
other great names in our history who have main-
tained the opposite view if I were not supported
by equally distinguished and more recent au-
thority. No man can read the first discussion
of this subject without being struck with the
fact that the discussion proceeded almost en-
tirely upon the question of what powers the
President ought to possess, rather than the
question of what powers the Constitution had
in fact conferred. The speeches of Mr. Madi-
son are partially an exception to this remark.
He attempted to show that the Constitution had
granted such power, but he based this power
upon grounds which havelong since been aban-
doned in constitutional discussions upon other
subjects. He derived this power for the Presi-
dent from two provisions of the Constitution:
first, thatdeclaring "the executive power shall
be vested in aPresident;" and secondly, upon
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 8.
the provision, "he shall take care that the
laws be faithfully executed."
It is believed that no lawyer to-day would
maintain that the declaration in the Constitu-
tion first mentioned couferred any power what-
ever. The Constitution creates three great
departments of Government. It provides that
the legislative power shall be vested in Con-
gress, the judicial power in the courts, and the
executive power in the President. Had the
framers of the Constitution understood these
classifications to be so many grants of power
to the respective departments, then the subse-
quent provisions in each article would have
been in the form of limitations or qualifications
upon power. The provision, for instance, that
the legislative power should be vested in Con-
gress would have made Congress as omnipotent
as the Parliament of England, and the subse-
quent provisions of that article would have
been employed to limit the general power.
But the Constitution, after declaring that the
legislative power shall be in Congress, pro-
ceeds upon the theory that nothing has yet been
granted to grant specifically and in express
words all the legislative powers which it was
designed to confer upon Congress. The same
remark applies to the three articles of the Con-
stitution creating the three great departments
of the Government. If the declaration that the
legislative power shall be vested in Congress,
the judicial power in the courts, and the execu-
tive power in the President, be regarded as
grants of power, then they grant all legislative,
judicial, and executive power, and the tenth
amendment to the Constitution, that "the
powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution are reserved to the States
respectively or to the people," is nonsense.
The whole theory of this Government is that
no powers exist except those which are enumer-
ated in the clauses of the Constitution which
follow the above general declarations respect-
ively; and this precludes the idea that the
President possesses the power of removal, be-
cause in its nature it is executive power.
The provision that the President shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed is the
weakest ground upon which the power of re-
moval can possibly be rested. If it clothes the
President with the power of removal not ex-
pressly given to him by the Constitution as a
means of executing the laws it would equally
give to him the power to raise armies and equip
navies in the vacation of Congress. Indeed,
it clothes him with absolute and dictatorial
power.
It is believed that the fact that the presiden-
tial chair was filled by George Washington,
whose great name and white fame might, well
tempt all men to bo heedless of placing re-
straints upon him, greatly tended to the first
decision of this question in Congress. Notwith-
standing this, Senators were equally divided
upon the question, and the decision was finally
made in this body by the casting vote of the
Vice President. And it will be unfortunate,
indeed, if a similar decision shall be arrived
at now, because a great patriot second only
to Washington presides over the executive
department.
So the matter stands upon principle and the
Constitution. The power has been exercised
by all our Presidents, but ithas been challenged
at every step by patriots as pure and statesmen
as great as those who stood around the chair
of Washington.
The machinery of government, like every
other device of man, must be intrinsically im-
perfect, and long-continued operation must
bring its imperfections into view. It has always
been regarded as an evil, and as our country
is extending and executive patronage increas-
ing the evil is augmenting day by day. This
immense patronage in a single hand overshad-
ows every department of the Government;
and if I could summon the Senators here each
to the bar of his own conscience I should'ven-
ture to ask them whether they feel quite as free
to vote against this power as they would did
they know the present President desired them
so to do. The Senator from Illinois may have
been conscious of some such tendency when
he sought to guard against the inference in his
own case by saying that he was not a favorite
with President Grant and had not yet pro-
cured any appointments from him. "if after
the prodigal laudationswhichheshowered upon
the President appointments do not come thick
and fast upon that Senator's friends, then
indeed, we shall know, what I sincerely believe,
that the President could not relish such gor-
geous praise.
But if the delusion existed with our fathers
that all men could be trusted because Washing-
ton could be, the bitter experience of the last
four years has opened our eyes to the truth.
The course pursued by the late President made
it necessary in the opinion of our best men to
bring back the practice of the Government to
the principles of the Constitution. This was
accomplished by the bill which it is now pro-
posed to repeal. In my judgment it added
nothing to the restraints which the Constitution
places upon the executive office. But as the
practice of the Government had been other-
wise it was well enough for a statute to declare
that the Constitution should not be further dis-
regarded. Il.is very properalso that we should
provide by law, as this bill did provide, for the
suspension of officers whom the President can-
not remove in vacation of the Senate. But
this bill was passed in haste while the Govern-
ment was still tossing with the throes of revolu-
tion, and ithas many imperfections. Its chief
fault is that it requires the President in case
of the suspension of an officer substantially to
prefer charges against the delinquent,and refers
the matter to the Senate for atrial. The Presi-
dent thus in effect beeo>.ies a prosecutor, while
he has no means provided by law for subpeua-
ing witnesses to make good his charges,and the
whole proceeding becomes too cumbrous for
the Senate to dispose of. All this should be
swept away. The present bill should be so
modified as to authorize the President to sus-
pend any officer in his discretion until he can
advise with the Senate in regular session in
regard to the removal. Properly to adjust the
details of such a law will require more time
and consideration than Congress can well be-
stow upon it in the few remaining days of this
session. I shall therefore vote to suspend the
present law, which has many features no longer
necessary, and leave the matter for full con-
sideration at the next session of Congress.
Speaking for myself I must dissent from the
Senator from Vermont as to the reason for the
suspension of this law. I understood him to
say in substance that as the offices were now
filled by men who ought to be removed he was
willing to leave the President free to remove
them. I do not believe that the suspension or
repeal of this law would leave the President
free to do any such thing. The President in
such case would be left free to do whatever the
Constitution authorizes him to do in the prem-
ises. It will then be a question for the Presi-
dent to determine for himself whether he will
obey the Constitution, construing it as I claim
it should be construed, or shall follow what has
been the practice of the Government and exer-
cise an unqualified power of removal during
the recess of the Senate.
Great efforts have been made in the country
and through the press to misrepresent the effect
of this law ; and it has been asked with great
emphasis on this floor why General Grant
should not be left as free as General Washing-
ton, and why it is necessary to continue this
law during the administration of General Grant
which had no existence under the administra-
tions of our early Presidents. I answer that
General Grant should be left as free as Gen-
eral Washington, was and no more so. Even
under the present law the President has all the
power which Washington had while the Senate
is in session. And even under this law he has
a power which I believe Washington never had,
to suspend a public officer in the recess of the
Senate. It is usual to speak of this law as a
great restraint upon the President; properly
