114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
regarded, however, it enlarges tlie power of the
President, and I am willing to amend it so as
to grant still farther power to the President
during vacation, and relieve him from the
necessity of stating to the Senate the reasons
why he suspended an officer. Such a law is no
restraint upon the President, for he may keep
the Senate in session as long as he chooses.
When he has no further need of the Senate and
we adjourn he can reassemble us upon any
occasion. I am willing to adjust this law so
as to relieve the President from any restraint
except that which the Constitution imposes
upon him to advise with the Senate upon the
subject of removal. .
We have been told upon this floor that the
House of Representatives has twice passed a
bill repealing this law. We have been told
that the country demands its repeal. If by
the country is meant the army of office-seekers
now laying siege to Washington I assent to the
statement. If it should be said that the Sen-
ate would be abused in the public press for
refusing to repeal this law I can well believe it.
A great party has recently come into power;
thousands are anxious to obtain places who
would not scruple even to accept them though
conferred in the vacation of the Senate. Bat
the very object of conferring a long term of
service upon Senators was to enable them to
preserve the conservative powers of the Gov-
ernment even against a temporary popular
clamor. 11 is a part of the sacrifice which every
Senator may be called upon to make to thwart
the temporary impatience of his friends when
that impatience would overstep the limits of
the Constitution. And under such circum-
stances any Senator may console himself with
the reflection that the " sober second thought''
of the people is always right and will sustain
whatever is right. It has been said thatno man
could die too soon who dies for his country.
It might as truthfully be said that no man can
lose his place too soon who is compelled to
choose between position and duty.
I apprehend no danger from doing our duty
in this instance. I have so high a respect for
the President as to believe he would despise any
Senator who might surrender his own honest
convictions to secure preferments for himself
or his friends.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall de-
tain the Senate but a very few minutes. I do
not intend to go into the argument of the law
on this question. I take it that there are some
questions of constitutional law that can be set-
tled by time, and especially by contemporane-
ous exposition. After the Constitution was
formed came the First Congress. That Con-
gress was largely composed of the men who
framed the Constitution; and that Congress
passed upon this very question. That Congress
found this power to reside with the President;
and that construction was acquiesced in for
seventy-eight years; and yet we are now told
that there is nothing settled. Now, we have
technical constructions of the Constitution re-
sorted to to overturn the contemporaneous
exposition of the Constitution that was acqui-
esced in for seventy-eight years. I have heard
no argument made here that I can regard as
otherwise than technical, that I can regard as
otherwise than far-fetched; and when we con-
sider that it is technical, and when we consider
that the very men who made the Constitution
decided against thatconstruction. and the coun-
try acquiesced in that decision for three quar-
ters of a century, it is too late to come forward
with an acute and subtle and technical con-
struction of the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, the friends of the repeal
of this law may rest npon the action of (he
Judiciary Committee as an answer to every
argument by the members of that committee
against the repeal of this law. Sir, we have
had distinguished Senators, the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the Senator from
Vermont, [Air. Edmonds,] and the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Caepextek,] but just
now-iarguing that the President has no power
to make, a removal except by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; and after
having made that argument those Senators
express their determination to vote for the
suspension of tlie law until the first Monday
in December next. If the President has no
power to make a removal except with the con-
sent of the Senate why do they propose to
allow him to make removals until the first
Monday of December? The two positions are
wholly inconsistent. If the President may
exercise this power for eight months he may
for eighteen; he may for all time. When these
distinguished Senators confess that the law may
be properly suspended for eight months, and
that during eight months the President shall
be allowed to make removals, they confess
away the whole principle. There is not a single
peg for them to hang their argument on after
that.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on the Judiciary is an answer to every argu-
ment that is made on that side. The Senator
from Vermont argued a long time yesterday,
and he read an extract from an unpublished
document in regard to the legislation of 1789,
all of which went to show that the President
could not remove an officer without the consent
of the Senate without a violation of the Con-
stitution, and yet that distinguished Senator
declared that he would vote for the suspension
of this law until the first Monday of December
next. What is the purpose of voting for the
suspension of the law? For the express pur-
pose of authorizing the President to make un-
constitutional removals. I will read what the
Senator said:
"But my friend asks thequestion, why snspend it ?
Well, sir, there is considerable force in that inquiry.
I will tell my friend as a practical question why, for
one, I am ready to suspend it. Because it appears to
us now at this moment, owing to the peculiar cir-
cumstances that have attended the last Administra-
tion, that it is desirable that there should be an im-
mediate and general removal"—
Not suspension, but removal—
" of the officeholders of the country as a rule; and as
an agency for that removal, subject to our approval
when we meet again in tho confirmation of their suc-
cessors, these bad men being put out. we are willing
to trust this Executive with that discretion."
The Senator is willing to suspend the law j
and allow the President to remove unconstitn- |
tionally Mr. Johnson's appointees; but when j
he has had reasonable tune to perform that j
duty the law is to come back and place its
restraint upon his power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator entirely mis-
states my position. He stated it correctly as far
as he read it; but when he relapsed to himself he
misstated it. I did not maintain or admit that
the removals of the President authorized by a
suspension of tliisact would be unconstitutional,
because I have always maintained, as the Sen-
ator from Ohio maintains, that this is a subject
of legislative power ; that it does not belong
to the President by the Constitution, but that
it belongs to the law ; and that if wo suspend
this act, having confidence for the moment—to
attain an object that we all want to attain—in
the present Executive we merely remit him to
the act of 1820, and all the other acts that have
provided for these officers, which expressly
declare that he may remove them. There is no
unconstitutionality in that, I take it.
Mr. MORTON; Well, Mr. President, I am
very glad to be informed, but it certainly is
contrary to my understanding of tho whole
tenor of the Senator's argument yesterday, that
after all, in the absence of the teuure-of-office
act, the President has the'power to remove
during vacation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because the law gave it
to him.
Mr. MORTON. Whether the law gave it
to him or the Constitution gave it to him he
has got it, and the Senator is willing to have
the present law suspended for eight months to
give the President time to remove the present
obnoxious officeholders, and then the lawshall
resume its force, and the hands of the Presi-
dent shall be fettered after that time. If there
is any force or strength in that position 1 can-
not understand it. It is about as consistent as
that of the politician who was i:i favor ot the
Maine law but was opposed to its execution.
Mr. President, tho Senator from Michigan
yesterday certainly argued against the power
of the President to make these removals. J
think I can state the position of these Senators
generally in this way: the President has no
power to make removals without the consent
of the Senate; the teuure-of-office act was
passed to prevent such removals from being
made; therefore it should be suspended for
eight months to enable the President to make
unconstitutional removals ot the officers ap-
pointed by Andrew Johnson! Therefore, with
a proposition brought forward by these dis-
tinguished Senators themselves to suspend the
law until the first Monday of December next,
it is unnecessary to argue the constitutional
question, because there can be no constitutional
question against the repeal of the law that is
not equally valid against its suspension for the
period of eight months. The friends of repeat,
then, need not trouble themselves to answer
these constitutional arguments.
I asked the Senator from Vermont the ques-
tion this morning whether this law was not
binding upon the Piesiderit in spirit and good
faith during the session of Congress as much
as during the vacation. He had been making
an argument, such as was made by theSenator
from Michigan yesterday: ''This law only binds
thePresident during vacation ; itdoesnot affect
him while Congress is in session ; therefore, it
is not so important after all." That was the
purport of his argument to day and of the
argument of the Senator from Michigan yes-
terday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will excuse
me; that was not the purport of my argument.
That was in answer to the suggestion made by
the Senator from Indiana himself, that even
Mr, Johnson, such a man as he was, had been
embarrassed in obtaining good officers during
the course of his administration on account of
this law ; and the answer to that was that the
law had not been in operation on that precise
point of getting officers out for more than half
the time.
Mr. MORTON. I am very sorry that I mis-
apprehended the force of the Senator's argu-
ment, because I certainly did understand him
to say that it only bound the President during
vacation ; in other words, it was only operative
during vacation ; and certainly, yesterday, in
answer to-a question, the Senator from New
York said to tho Senator from Michigan, it wili
be a practical suspension for more than a year,
and not simply to the first Monday of Decem-
ber. Why? Because it does not operate during
the session of Congress. I am not mistaken
about that.
I asked the Senator from Vermont to-day if
j this law was not binding upon the President in
principle during the session of Congress, and
he finally admitted that it was, and he admit-
ted that the President should not make a re
moval during the session of Congress except
for the same reason for which the law would
authorize him to make a suspension during the
vacation of Congress. What is to be the prac-
tical effect ? Under the operation of (his lav
the President cannot suspend an officer during
vacation except where an officer is shown " by
evidence satisfactory to tho President to he
guilfy of misconduct in office, or crime, or for
any reason become incapable or legally disqual-
ified to perform its duties:''
" Jn such ease, and in no other, the President rn.ij'
suspend such officer nn<l desiKnatcsome suitable r>r f-
son to periurm temporarily the duties of .nidi ortieo
until the next meeting of the Senate."
The Senator admitted here to-day that it was
not proper for the President to recommend (lie
removal of an officer during the session of
Congress by sending in the name of an officer
to be confirmed for an office in place of an
incumbent removed except for the same rea-
sons that would justify his suspension during
