1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
vacation. If you believe that principle, what
is the effect of it? Why, sir, the effect of it
is that the President shall not nominate any
man while we are here to-day or to-morrow
except for crime, for misconduct in office, or
lor incapacity in the incumbent, according to
the Senator's admission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry to inter-
rupt my distinguished friend; but whatever
aigument he bases upon my admissions he
ought to base upon a statement of them as they
were. I made no such admission. Ididadmit
that the same principle should prevail during
the recess that prevailed during the session. I
do not say that the President ought not now to be
invested with the power of suspending in his
discretion just as he nominates in his discre-
tion. I was not arguing to maintain the pre-
cise limitations, as I said, that were affixed to
the administration of Mr. Johnson ; but I was
arguing to maintain that the President of the
United Slates should not have an absolute
power in vacation that he did not have during
a session of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Ifthe Senator from Indiana
will allow me one word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Only one moment. I un-
derstand the honorable Senator from Indiana
to say that in my remarks made yesterday I
stated that the tenure-of-office act applied only
to eases arising during the recess of the Sen-
ate. i certainly did so slate; and I stated, or
intended to state further, that it does not apply
to any case arising during the session of the
Senate. That is an entire misapprehension of
the very language of the statute, and, by the
indulgence of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, I beg to read so much of the second sec-
tion as seems to rue to be necessary to correct
the error into which he seems to have fallen
in reference to the honorable Senator from
Vermont at least, ft declares that—
" When any officer appointed as aforesaid, except-
ing judges of the United States courts, shall, during
a recess of the Senate"—
Not during the session of the Senate, but
during the recess'of the Senate ; that is to say,
when the Senate is not in session—
"be shown, by evidence satisfactory to the Presi-
dent, to be guilty of misconduct in ollice, or crime, or
for any reason shall hocomcincapable or legally dis-
qualified to perform its duties, in such case and in
no other the President may suspend such officer and
designate pome suitable pei'Mjn to pcrfurm tempora-
rily the duties of such office."
Sir, the statute does not refer to any case
arising during the session of the Senate, directly
or indirectly, but, in most explicit terms con-
fines its operation to eases arising during the
recess of the Senate. I can hardly imagine
how a gentleman could make a mistake on
reading the law.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I stated the
Senator's position exaetly. I have not said
that this statute applies to the President during
the session of the Senate. On the contrary, I
know it does not But the question I asked
the Senator from Vermont was this, and he
answered me in the affirmative: whether the
principle of this lav; was not just as applicable
during the session of the Senate as it was dur-
ing the vacation, and if it was right for the
President only to suspend for cause during the
vacation he should not propose to remove dur-
ing the session except for cause, and he admits
that to be true.
Then, sir, according to his admission the
President should not to-morrow send in anom-
ination for an office unless the present incum-
bent conies under the head of some of these
qualifications or disqualifications named in the
law. That is the point. The law in terms
does not apply to the President during the ses-
sion. I admit that, and I stated the position
of the Senator from Michigan correctly. But
the point is that the Senator from Vermont
agrees that the President should administer the
spirit of this law duriug the session of Con-
gress as he is bound to administer it during the
vacation. Therefore, sir, according to this
doctrine of the Senator from Vermont there
will be 110 removals for political cause. If we
were to ask the President to turn out a Demo-
crat, a man obnoxious to us, who, after all,
has done nothing that would come under the
head of cause, according to the Senator from
Vermont the President should not do it; and
that the President will feel constrained to ad-
minister the Government in accordance with
the spirit of this law I have no doubt. If this
law is to be held over him during vacation he
will carry out its principle during the session
of Congress I have no doubt. Is the Senator
from Vermont prepared to say that all Demo-
cratic officials now in office shall be continued
unless it can be shown that they are guilty of
misconduct in office, or crime, or for any rea-
son shall become incapable or legally disquali-
fied to perform the duties of their office? that
in such case and in no other shall the Presi-
dent suspend? "Iu such case and in no other,''
says the Senator from Vermont, "'let the Presi-
dent now send in a nomination."
Mr. President, we are not prepared to take
this ground. The Republican party as an
organization cannot be maintained upon this
principle. The Democratic party in its palmy
days never took this ground; and if it was in
power to-day it would not take it. And yet,
sir, the tenure-of-office act leads to it directly.
There shall be no suspension during vacation
except fjjr crime, for misconduct in office, or
for legal incapacity ; and if the President ad-
ministers the Government according to the
spirit of this law there will be no removals
while Congress is in session except for the
same causes. Those men who have been placed
in power by President Johnson, or who have
become recreant to their political principles,
will be continued in office unless we can make
out a case of crime, misconduct, or legal inca-
pacity. I do not see how the President can
avoid the recognition of this principle, and I
believe that he will administer the Govern-
ment as well while Congress is in session as in
vacation upon the principle established by this
law.
Mr. GRIMES. With the assent of the Sen-
ator from Indiana,who yields the floor for that
purpose, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall have a
vote on this bill to-night.
Several Senators. We cannot.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, let us fix the time
when tve shall have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana yields to the Senator from Iowa,
who moves that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. That motion
is not debatable.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. I hope the Senator from Illinois who
has charge of this bill will indicate some time
when he intends to bring it to a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will say to my friend
from Rhode Island that I am as anxious as any
one to bring it to an early decision, but it is
manifest that we cannot at this moment, nor
until we see further the disposition of the Sen-
ate, fix a time for taking the vote. I hope we
may be able to vote to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to : and after a short
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 17, 1809.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
swearing in of the chaplain.
The oath of office was administered to the
Chaplain, Rev. J, Q, Butler.
excuse i'rom committee service.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I ask to be excused from service on the
Committee on Reconstruction and the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will, as usual,
submit the question to the House.
The question being put, there were—ayes 29,
noes 11.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask that by general con-
sent the gentleman be excused.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. ward J withdraw his question
of privilege until a quorum is present'!
M\\ WARD. I have stated my desire; I
will not press it further.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will regard the
question as not having been acted upon by the
House unless the gentleman renews it.
custom-house at &t. louis.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
J'ffolvcil, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to communicate to this House
the present condition of the c-u&tom-house at St.
Louis, and to state whether it is practicable to en-
large it to accommodate the business of that port;
and if so, the probable cost, together with his opinion
as to the propriety or expediency of disposing of the
present building and site and purchasing another
site and erecting a new building tor the accommo-
dation of the custom-house, post office, United States
courts, internal revenue, and other offices in that
city.
election contest rkid \s. julian.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported back the following resolution,
with a recommendation that it be adopted:
Resolved, That in the case of the contested election
of John K. Keid vs. George W. Julian thirty days'
further tinve li'om this date be granted to both parties.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I suggest that the time be
extended to sixty days. The gentlemen are
both here, aud Judge Iteid will find it impos-
sible to be out of court for some time to coine.
I presume it will be more satisfactory to both
parties to extend the time to sixty days.
Mr. PAINE. I can only report according
to the instruction of the committee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
lo allow the amendment to be offered?
Mr. PAINE. I will.
Mr. 110LMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing "sixty" instead of '* thirty."
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved lo reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
election contest—-zreoler vs. mce.
Mr. PAINE, from the same committee, re-
ported back the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That in the contested-election ease of
John S. Zieglor vs. John AT. lliee, from TCenlucky,
the time in which to taketestimonyshail becxtendcd
for both parties for tlie period of sixty days from
March 17, 1<500, to be used in all other ress>ects as
proscribed by existing law.
Mr. PAJXE moved to reconsider the vole
by which the resolution was adopted; and al«o
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contested elections.
Mr. PAINE. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution for reference to the Com-
mittee of Elections :
JU?o-ved, That in all contested-elcction cases re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections in which it
«.hall l>e nllescd by a party to the case or member of
the House that either claimant is unable to take the
oath pre.-cribed m the act approved July 2,1862,.en-
titled :"An act to picseribe an oath of office, anu for
other purposes," it shall be the duty of the committee
to ascertain whether such disability exists; and it
such disability shall bo found to exist the committee
shall so report to the House and shall notlurthor
consider the claim of the person so disquahfaed with-
out the further order of the House. And no com-
pensation will be allowed by the House to any claim-
ant who shall have been ineligible to the office of
