118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
This wholesale denunciation of somebody as
being worse than everybody else, it seems to
me, is not fair to any one that might by the least
human possibility be implicated. If the gen-
tleman knows anything, or is prepared to charge
anything against any person, let him do so.
Now, I do not know who were the enrolling
committee, but I am willing to trust that they
did their duty according to the best of their
ability. I do know one of the enrolling clerks.
I believe lie was not the one who enrolled this
particular part of the bill, but he supervised
generally the enrollment. He has given me
his explanation, which the gentleman meets by
showing that it was impossible that any such
excuse could be true by holding up the en-
grossed copy of the legislative appropriation
bill, either not knowing the fact or intending
to have somebody else believe that'the enroll-
ment is made up from that copy of the bill.
In the case of a report of the committee of
conference the enrolled bill is made up from
that report with all its various items.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is mistaken. I have not held up the
general legislative bill, but the amendments of
the Senate to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; he help up the
amendments of the Senate. Now, the enrolled
bill is not made up in that way where there is
a report of a committee of conference. The
enrolling clerks in that case take the report of
the committee of conference and pick out and
arrange and collate the items so as from the
whole to get up what sort of a bill was agreed
to by the committee of conference. And it is
> a very much more difficult matter to accom-
plish, especially if there be not a good and clear
report made by the committee of conference,
than the gentleman would have the House sup-
pose. But I will end that matter by remark-
ing that, so far as I know the officers of this
House or the members of the enrolling com-
mittee, they are at least as little likely to aid in
committing a fraud upon anybody as the. gentle-
man from Massachusetts himself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the !
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] if this !
proposition of the Senate, in the form of an j
amendment to the legislative appropriation I
bill, was ever read in the House at all ? I
• Mr. SCHENCK. I was just coming to that.
Here there lias been foisted into an appropria-
tion bill new legislation interfering w'ith a gen-
era 1 law of the country in regard to taxation.
It is but an instance of that kind of legislation
which has been scattered along through all the
appropriation bills for the last few months,
unexampled, I undertake to say, in the history
of Congress on any former occasion. Here is
a change in the tax law inserted in an appro-
priation bill. The gentleman may talk about
the necessity of putting more and more taxation
in some form or other upon those who manu-
facture distilled spirits or tobacco. Ail I have
to say is that the Congress of the United States
has fixed what the tax upon these articles shall
be, and the Government has its officers to col-
lect that tax. But the gentleman seeks to in-
crease that tax—or this bill seeks to do so,
whoever may be the author of it—by adding to
all the other taxes paid on tobacco and whisky
the expenses and costs of the warehouses and
the salaries of the officers who have charge of
those warehouses. It is, in short, an attempt
sneaked into the body of an appropriation bill
to change the taxes on certain manufactures
ot tne country.
^ I therefore say that, inasmuch as this provis-
ion now comes up before us for reenactment—
I do not care whether it was in the bill before
or not, it ought not to have been there—we
ought not to do anything now which shall make
it a law if a blunder was committed before.
Let every tax be provided for by a tax law.
Let us know by systems of taxation how much
is charged upon tobacco, how much is charged
upon whisky, and how much is charged upon
every other article that is the subject of taxa-
tion. Let us not be compelled to look for a
portion, of the tax in the tax laws and for an-
other portion in the appropriation bills of the
country, in provisions which charge over against
these manufacturers other things which were
not contemplated when they were taxed under
the general law.
Now, the most that can be made of this mat-
ter is that the Senate or somebody did a thing
which never came before the Honse, which
was agreed to in committee of conference, and
which has by some accident been dropped from
the bill, and which proposes to change the
mode of taxation in regard to these particular
articles.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon this joint resolution.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 44, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
liis point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this bill is being con-
sidered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, my point of order is that the previous
question cannot be enforced while any mem-
ber desires to offer an amendment. That, I
understand, has been uniformly held to be the
correct practice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that any member desired to offer an
amendment. And calling the previous ques-
tion in this instance is in the nature of moving
in Committee of the Whole to rise and report
a bill to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move to strike
out the portion of this joint resolution relating
to the payment of these storekeepers..
The SPEAKER. Had the Chair known
that any gentleman desired to offer an amend-
ment he would not have entertained the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that
in Committee of the Whole no member can
move that the committee rise and report the
bill while any other member desires to offer
an amendment.
The SPEAKER. That is true; and the
Chair on reflection sustains the point of order
that, as this bill is being considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole, the right
to offer amendments cannot be cut off.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, then, to strike out
the first proposition contained in the joint res-
olution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, what has be-
come of my demand for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. On seconding the demand
for the previous question no decision was made,
no quorum voting. The Chair sustains' the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and holds that as the
bill is being considered in the House as. in
Committee of the Whole amendments cannot
be cut off, but are in order so long as they may
be offered.
Mr. DAWES. The Chair will allow me to
say that I have always understood the rule to
be that under these circumstances all the rules
of the House obtain except those conflicting
with the five-minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of a differ-
ent opinion. On the contrary, when a bill is
being considered by the House as in Committee
of the W hole all the rules of the Committee
of the Whole obtain, except that the yeas and
nays can be called, that being in the House a
constitutional right which cannot be precluded.
With this qualification the rules of the House
are in the case under consideration subordi-
nated to the rules of the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I send my amendment to
the Clerk, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
^ j"8.1. of the joint resolution change
•^act" a0tS" t0 "item" and
ou^ ^le flowing paragraph :
ac5 makil>e appropriations for the lesisla-
tive, executive, andjudicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year endins the 30th of .Tunc. ]8"0, after
the proviso to the paragraph beginning " For sala-
ries and expenses of collectors, assessor?,
assessors, revenue agents," &c., insert, " I'l-ovidfl
further. That after the passage of this act the pro-
prietors of all bonded warehouses shall roimbur.-e t<>
the United States the expenses and salary of nil
storekeepers or other officers in charge of such ware-
houses, and the sameshall be paid into tho Treasury
and accounted for like other public moneys."
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word on this subject. I understood the
fentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctlkh]—
hope I have misunderstood him—to intimate
that there had been some unfairness in the
enrollment of this bill. I ask the gentleman
whether I understood him correctly'!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 said
precisely this: that the bill had this provision
in it when it went to the enrolling clerks, and
that the provision dropped out while the bill
was undergoing enrollment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe I understood the
gentleman to intimate further that the pro-
vision might have been omitted intentionally,
and perhaps he referred to the members of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
not, sir. All that I said about the Committee
on Enrolled Bills was that the reenaeiment of
this provision, which by accident had dropped
out, was opposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills or by a member of
that committee on a point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not
exactly understand what is to be inferred from
the language of the gentleman. If he means
to intimate that any member of the Committee
on Enrolled Bills in the last Congress acted
with any degree of unfliirness in the perform-
ance of the duty assigned to the committee I
throw the words back in his teeth.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh no,
sir; I have not said that. There was no occa-
sion for that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was a member of that
committee. I believe this bill was compared
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Wil-
son,) who is not now a member of the House,
a gentleman whose high character for integrity
the gentleman from Massachusetts cannot call
in question. Mr. Speaker, this mode of refer-
ring to members on this floor when omissiona
happen to have been made under the circum-
stances under which this omission occurred, at
a late hour of the night, when a bill had been
reported with a multitude of amendments, and
when mistakes could easily occur ; this intima-
tion that fraud may have been intended, and
that a member of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills may have been controlled in his conduct
as such by the circumstance of bis opposition
to a particular provision, is entirely unworthy
of a gentleman occupying a seat on this Jloor.
I believe this is the first time in my experience
in this House when a gentleman has thought
proper to couple a mistake like this with the
insinuation that it may possibly hav*1 been the
result of a design to del'eat tho wiil of Con-
gress by corrupt conduct in reference to the
enrollment of the act. I do not know by what
authority or by virtue of what commanding
position the gentleman from Massachusetts
assumes the right to indulge in such insinua-
tions.
r u1 ja'd "l the 0PeninS of this discussion that
1 had never heard this provision read. 1 pre-
sumed it was incorporated into the bill by the
action of the committee ot conference, and 1
should have supposed so now were it not for
the statement that this provision was added to
the bill by the Senate. Now, of this 1 am
certain, that if there is intended to be any inti-
mation, directly or remotely, thateither tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Wilson.) who
compared this bill, not now a member of the
House, or any of the enrollment clerks, either
by direct or indirect agency, procured the
omission of these words for fraudulent pur-
poses, the intimation is not only false, but it
could only be suggested by a willingness to
perpetrate just such a fraud upon the legislation
of the country.
