122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
trusted its own committee. It had its clerks,
who, I suppose, did their duty as well as they
could, as did, no doubt, the examining, com-
mittee. But I say that the proposition now
before the House is a new proposition entirely.
It never has been law. If it be adopted now
it will be made law for the first time. It ad-
dresses itself to the judgment of the House as
a new and distinct proposition for considera-
tion at the present time. I say, therefore, that
not approving the provision as an independent
proposition, I cannot vote for it. Since it is
not law let us dispose of the question now
upon its merits ; for the question as to the
merits of the proposition is all that is now
properly before us. I repeat that the proposi-
tion is in conflict with the deliberate judgment
' of the House Tepeatedly pronounced:
"But," it is said, " this measure is noaddi-
tion to the taxes." Assuredly, sir, it is an
additional burden upon the manufacturers of
these various articles. The taxes have hereto-
fore, after great consideration, been reduced
in accordance with the deliberate judgment of
the House; and I submit that it is not wise now
to change that legislation in this way. My
objection is that the proposition came in here
in such a way that if flings were to be made,
if anybody was to be found fault with, if the
linger was to be pointed anywhere, I might ask
with pretty decided emphasis the question, how
did this piece of legislation, which did not
appropriately belong in an appropriationbill,
get into such a bill, and how was it foisted
through here when nobody knew anything
about it?
Now, Mr. Speaker, for my own part I am
opposed to this measure simply upon its merits.
I trust the House will not adopt it. But if it
is to be adopted, I say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts and all others let it come before
the House as a distinct proposition when the
House can properly consider it. Let us look
it in the face and consider it fully without ref-
erence to any adventitious circumstance. Let
the question thus be decided according to the
deliberate judgment of the House, and I shall
be satisfied.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswobth] for five minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if it
were really true that this provision had, after
consideration, been adopted by the two Houses
of Congress, and had then been accidentally
omitted in the enrollment of the bill, I should
very readily concede that it ought to be re-
adopted and the bill perfected. But there is a
question behind this. The fact that this mat-
ter is being to-day discussed for the first time
upon its merits is of itself sufficient evidence
tliat the question has never before been con-
sidered by the House.
Now, let us inquire what are the facts. And
I am very glad that the introduction of this
measure has given us the opportunity to con-
sider and discuss the manner in which busi-
ness has been, is, and perhaps in the future
will be, done in this House. An appropriation
bill passed the House of Representatives and
went to the Senate. The Senate put upon it
amendments to the number of perhaps seventy
or eighty. Those amendments came to the
Speaker's table of the House. I tried my best
to get them read, so that the House might at
least hear what the Senate had been doing,
but nay efforts were of no avaii. We were not
permitted even to hear them read, much less
to have them printed so as to read them for
ourselves, but were obliged to go it blind
under the lead of the Appropriation Commit-
tee, and to vote for or against amendments by
number without knowing what the amendments
were. The question was put to the House
upon agreeing to Senate amendment No. 78,
and disagreeing to Senate amendment No. Go.
Well_, of course, being obliged to do that or
nothing, the Committee on Appropriations or
those members who had charge of the matter
had everything their own way. Without know-
ing what was contained in the amendments we
voted to concur in part and to non-concur in
part. Then a committee of conference was
appointed, and they agreed upon a report, and
it was submitted to the House in the same way,
the House agreeing to amendments numbered
so and so and disagreeing to amendments
numbered so ar.d so, not a member of the
House knowing what^he was voting for except
those who were on the conference committee.
Now, sir, I said it before, and I say it again,
that it is a mockery of legislation for a deliber-
ative body to vote in this blind manner, know-
ing nothing whatever about what it is called
upon to vote for. Among the items thus put
in is this provision which it seems the Senate
had incorporated. What is the provision '? It
is an attempt to legislate additional taxation
upon a portion of the people in order to raise
revenue—a matter which belongs exclusively
to the House of Representatives in the first
instance to originate. That provision in a bill
appropriating money in pursuance of provis-
ions of law already in force, is sent into the
House and we blindly agree to it. Sir, I am
opposed to this- whole system of legislation
through the Appropriation Committee. I do |i
not believe that the Committee on Appropria- j
tions have time to attend to all kinds of legis- i
lation. We have a Committee of Ways and
Means whose duty and business it is, and who
are selected because of their peculiar fitness for
the work, to examine into all these measures
with reference to raising revenue and to pro-
pose such amendments as are necessary on that
subject. I hope, therefore, that this matter will
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means for their deliberate consideration, and
that we will not allow the Senate through acom-
mitteeof conference in this underhanded man-
ner to forestall the House of Representatives
and force upon it provisions of law of this char-
acter which properly belong to this House to
originate.
Mr. DAWES. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I do not ex-
pect to be able to imitate either the good sense
or amiable temper of the distinguished gentle-
mau from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who
has seen proper to speak of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as I believe, disrespectfully
in connection with this measure. Bat, sir, I
do not expect here or elsewhere to intentionally
misrepresent a colleague with reference to any
measure. I regret that the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not in his seat.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman knew per-
fectly well that when I made a few remarks
before on this subject I stated that I was in
favor of restoring this provision which had
been unintentionally omitted either by the en-
rolling clerk or by the Committee on Enrolled
Bills. But I am not here to charge upon a
subordinate officer of this House these mis-
takes, inasmuch as we have a Committee on
Enrolled Bills, whose business and duty it is to
see that the enrolling clerks perform their duty.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts tells
me in a way which I do not seek to imitate, if
I could, that I had not read this provision. It
is true I had not read it with that care that was
necessary, and I think there is a reason why I
did not. It came into the House this morning
from the Committee on Appropriations in manu-
script. It was sent to the Clerk's desk, where
I called twice to see it, and could not find it
because the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations had it in his possession at both
times. It seems that it came here in the first
place from the Senate as an amendment to an
appropriation bill at the close of the last Con-
gress. Upon motion, I presume of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] or
some one of his colleagues on the committee,
the amendment was disagreed to. Not a single
word of it is read at the Clerk's desk. It goes
then to a committee of conference, of which I
presume the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butleb] was a member. It is next brought
in as an amendment of the Senate, No. 31, and
is concurred in by the House, no one except
perhaps some of the members of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations and the members of the
committee of conference knowing anything at
all about it. _
In the last expiring moments of a Congress,
and in the hurry of getting through the appro-
priation bills, no man knows what provisions
are in these bills, and we take the word of the
Committee on Appropriations—which was ati
honest and upright committee in the last Con-
gress and I trust is now—that they have inserted
no new legislation in the bills and are not seek-
ing to compel the House to adopt any new meas-
ures of legislation. And now because, forsooth,
gentlemen here question the expediency of this
legislation, we are denounced by the gentleman
from Massachusetts as being connected with
improper persous here in the shape of a lobby
about this House against this measure. I told
thegentleman from Massachusetts that I should
vote for this bill for the purpose of correctiiif;
an error in our legislation, and yet we are told
that improper influences are being brought to
bear for the purpose of defeating this meas-
ure. I am opposed, as I have already said, to
the principle of this legislation, and I shall vote
against it when the question of repeal comes up,
because I believe that there is now a sufficient-
tax imposed upon distilled spirits and tobacco.
But I call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to the fact that
this is crude legislation. It applies by its very
terms to bonded warehouses for imported goods,
and the astute gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lysch] has offered an amendment by which
this provision shall be applied to internal rev-
enue warehouses only. It is a piece of crude
, legislation thrust in on an appropriation bill,
i I care not whether by the Senate or by the
I committee of conference, without theknovsl-
I edge of the House, and it is our right as it is
| our privilege properly and fairly in a gentle-
j manly way to criticise the provision pending
i before the House.
! [Here the hammer fell.]
] Mr. DAWES. I yield now to the gentleman
i from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] for three minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, when I was
speaking upon this subject before, believing as
I do that we have the whole matter now within
the jurisdiction of the Senate and the Housr
to do as we will about restoiing these omitted
items, just as we have a right to repeal the
whole law if we think proper, I spoke upon
the merits of the question, and I said that here
was an attempt to interfere with a settled system
of taxation which had produced thus far good
fruits. The proof of that is that we are now
receiving at the rate of more than forty-eight
million dollars a year—and I believe it has
swelled within the last month to a rate exceed-
ing 350,000,000 a year—from distilled spirits,
whereas in the whole of the last year we ob-
tained but $13,000,000. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bctlee] replies to that
that he will meet the Committee of Ways and
Means and those who take any such view of
the effect of that legislation at some future time
and demolish all their fallacies; he will show
that that legislation was under influences I
know not how corrupt, and that no such results
have come from the amendment of the tax
upon distilled spirits as I claim. And why'.'
He says that we only killed the goose that laid
the golden eggs, and that this increase in re-
ceipts from the taxes on distilled spirits has
been from whisky that was in bond when tlie
new law was passed.
When the gentleman is talking of my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Allison] speaking of that which he has
not read and knows nothing about, it would bo
well for him to take a lesson from his own pre-
cept, and when he talks about the result of the
law in the production of revenue to know what
the facts are. Sir, I hold iu my hand the last
report made by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and I find from it that this law through
the months of July, August, and September,
getting gradually into operation, began at once
