1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
the principle of it shall be made applicable to
the administration of this Government at all
times—and that cannot be otherwise if it is
right—there can be no removals for polit-
ical considerations. The man who agrees with
the President and with Congress cannot be put
into office, although he may have every qualifi-
cation that the present incumbent has, except
upon the condition that the incumbent has in-
curred disability from some one of the causes
named in the law.
Now, sir, whatever pretenses we may make
here on this subject, practioally they will be
hypocritical. "Why? Because this party, nor
fhe Democratic party, nor any other party that
may come can practice or allow the adminis-
tration of the Government upon these princi-
ples. Those in authority will place in power
as their subordinates their friends and those
who agree with them in political principle and
those who have been instrumental in placing
them in power. Whatever professions we may
make hero, tliat will be the result.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
yesterday admitted that the principle which
should govern the President under the law in
the vacation of Congress ought to govern him
during the session of Congress. In answer to
a question I asked him on that subject ho said:
" I think I begin to comprehend it "—
That was, my question. He said at first that
my question was so long ho could not remem-
ber the beginning of it:
" Undoubtedly the same principle which governs
the changes in tho administration of ollice during a
recess ot the Senate ought to govern it duriiig a ses-
sion of the Senate. I am very glad, indeed, to know
that my illustrious friend thinks so, a" I assumo be
does trum ins putting the question. I assume that
he believes in tho affirmative of the question he has
propounded; and it gives ine a considerable degree
of satistaction to know it."
He then went into a discussion of the law,
which is not at all borne out by the reading of
the law, and then went into a definition of what
would be regarded as '"cause'' under the law.
It will read that:
" Ao\t, what is cause? The Constitution has made
the cause. The united discretion of the Piesident
of the United Stales and the representatives of the
States—that is cause. If the President of the United
States thinks for any reason that satisfies his moral
nature that it is better to make achange in an office,
and proposes it to us, and we are satisfied for any
reason that is consonant to our moral sense of right
and wrong that that changeought to or may be made,
then it is done, and there is cause."
This is the way the Senator avoided the force
of his admission. Why, Mr. President, that is
not cause at all. [Mr. Edmunds laughed.]
-My friend's forte is laughter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not a crying philoso-
pher, certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator tried to avoid
the force of the admission by saying that what-
ever the President thought was good cause was
sufficient for the removal. No, sir: the law
fixes the cause. It does not leave it to the
President as to what he may think to be suffi-
cient cause. He may have moral evidence
that the officeholder is dishonest or incapable,
and yet lie may be able to make out no cause
at all to the Senate or before a jury. Now,
what are the causes? As I read before, " mis-
conduct in office," "crime," or "any reason"
that shall make him "incapable or legally dis-
qualified to perform its duties;"' and for no
other cause, says the statute. The Senator
admits that there should be removals during
the session of Congress only for the same
causes for which suspensions should be made
in vacation, and I read the causes that author-
ize suspensions in vacation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, when he says that I admit any such
proposition as he now asserts he unintention-
ally misstates my position. I will read to him
the rest that he did not read, or a part of it, of
my reply to his question :
"Therefore I say that 'canse,' in the sense that I
understand it, and in the sense that the people have
understood it, for a change in an office, is not neces-
sarily some erimc,is not necessarily some misconduct
ot an officer, but ltisagenerat anddiseroetsurvcy,by
those who are intrusted with tho right and who have
imposed upon thein the duty of deciding it, of the
general public and political reasons—not political in
a party sense necessarily, but in a wider and a better
sense—which should govorn administration."
That was what I admitted.
Mr. MORTON. That is precisely what I
read, although I read another paragraph, to j
the same effect, of your speech. You admit,
that the cause should be the same iti session
as in vacation, but you attempt to fritter away
"cause;" whereas what is "cause" isdefined
by the statute. Therefore the Senator's argu-
ment entirely fails on that point. The statute
defines the cause, and the Senator says that
the same cause should govern during the ses-
sion as well as during the vacation ; but now
lie comes out and says that whatever in the
opinion of the President would make it im-
portant to remove an officer is "cause;"
whereas the statute says that certain things
shall be "cause," and nothing else shall be.
I simply confront him with the statute.
The Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
ter,] to whose argument 1 listened last night
with great pleasure, recognizes the objection
to the law from inconvenience which I made
the day before yesterday. I made the argu-
ment that this law would impose upon the Sen-
ate an amount of business that it could not
discharge ; that physically and intellectually it
would be unable to perform that business.
Although the Senator from Wisconsin in his
speech takes ground that I cannot indorse,
and which I think is entirely nullified by his
proposition to vote for the suspension of the
law, yet he admits that this law places the
President in a false position and imposes upon
the Senate a labor it cannot perforin. Speak-
ing of the law as it, is he says :
"Its chief fault is that it requires the President in
case of the suspension of an officer substantially to
prefer charges against, the de inquent, and refers the
matter to tho Senate for a trial. Tho President, thus
in effect becomesaprosecutor, while hehasnomeans
provided by law for subpenaing witnesses to make
good his chalges, and the whole proceeding becomes
too cumbrous lor the Senate to dispose of."
I agree with his argument upon that point.
The law is not capable of execution for those
reasons. But when he says it makes the Pres-
ident a public prosecutor I do not agree with
him. lie has not named the character of the
President under the law. It makes the Pies-
ident a common informer. That is the char-
acter in which it places him, that of a common
informer to inform the Senate in regard to the j
delinquencies, the inefficiency, or the corrup-
tion of an ollicer, and the Senate is thei-i^ to
proceed to the trial. It puts him m a position
that is not honorable to his high character, and
one in which he should never be placed.
Mr. President, I said in the course of my
remarks the day before yesterday tluit the prop-
osition to suspend this law for eight months
was putting the Presidenton probation, putting
him on trial; that it breathed the language of
distrust. 1 did not mean to say that any Sen-
ator on this floor entertained personal distrust
of the President. They have said they do not,
and I believe what they say ; but what I mean
to say is, that a proposition to suspend this law
for eight months will be understood by the
country as placing the President upon proba-
tion; it will be interpreted everywhere as taking
him upon trial. No -matter what the motives of
Senators may be, however earnest they may be
or however strong may be their faith in the
President, the proposition^ will be so inter-
preted by the country, and it is now so inter-
preted. It is a proposition to grant the Presi-
dent a plenary indulgence for the period of eight
months.
The learned Senator from Vermont said he
was in favor of suspending this law until the
first Monday in Decembemext. Why? Be-
cause it was necessary to make a great many-
removals ; it was important that the President
should have the power to make those removals,
and he was therefore in favor of allowing him
to do it. That is a confession which carries
the law along with it. There may be, however,
another interpretation given to it. What is
that ? Tho offices are now to a great extent
filled by men who are not our friends ; we will
give the President time to turn them allout—say
eight months, that is time enough—we will get
our friends put iti their places ; and then we
will put the stocks on the President again and
see that our friends are kept in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is not stating
that argument as mine, 1 trust.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir : 1 am not stating
that argument as yours, but I am stating what
you said on that point; and as 1 have great
difficulty in comprehending what the Senator
says I think it better to read what he ditl say.
He said:
" I will tell my friend as a practical question why,
for one, I am ready to suspend it. Because it ap-
pears to us now at this moment, owing to the peculiar
circumstances that have attended the last Adminis-
tration, that it is desirable that there should be an
immediate and general removal of tho officeholders
of the country as a rule."
For that reason the Senator is in favor of
suspending the law for eight months. That
of course carries with it the admission that
with the law there could not be a general re-
moval of these officeholders appointed by the
late President, and that to enable the Pres-
ident to clean them out and to make thorough
retrenchment and reform it is necessary to
suspend the law for the period of eight months,
until the next meeting of Congress. That is
what the Senator said, according to the Globe.
Sir. EDMUNDS. Have you read all that
I said on that precise point?
Mr. MORTON. The S-nator said further :
"And as an agency for that removal, subject to
our approval when we meet again in confirmation
of their successors"—
Not in the trial of the causes of suspension,
but in the confirmation of their successors—
"these bad men being put out, wo are willing to
trust this Executive with that discretion."
Now, Mr. President, I submit that was the
reason given by the Senator. I say that the
public might give to it another interpretation :
that wo are willing that the President should
have eight months in which to turn these men
out and put our friends in, and then wo will put
the stocks oil the President and keep our
friends in.
Mr. President, we hear very general expres-
sions of confidence in the present Executive.
I am glad to hear them. 1 concur in them.
But what is the reason that Senators give
for desiring to continue this law? It is that
we may have bad Presidents hereafter. The
Senator from Wisconsin yesterday very aptly
illustrated it by the story ot' the Arkansas trav-
eler, who could not, mend his roof when it
rained, and when it did not rain it did not need
it. He suggested that we should tnend the
roof while it was dry, that it might be ready for
the next shower. That is a very good illus-
! tration and a very good argument. But, sir,
j in view of this general confidence in the pros-
j ent Executive of the United States, and m
I view of the fact that Senators simply want to
keep this law for a bad President, who may
come hereafter, I beg to inquire why they did
poi propose to suspend it for the period of four
years during his Administration? We should
then have it on hand for the next bad President,
and the present Executive would be relieved
of it. Why not make that recommendation
instead of making a special and an invidious
recommendation of suspending it simply for
the period of eight months? ll it is merely to
be kept for the next bad President we cannot
conceive that in any event we shall have abad
one during the coming four years ; but it is
possible that after 1873 we may have a bad one,
and we want to keep this law for him; ami in
view of that general argument on the part of
the committee I beg to iiiquire why they did
not propose to suspend the law during the
administration of the present Executive, and
then have it on hand fresh and good and well
preserved for the next bad President that may
come ? On the contrary they propose to sus-
pend it simply for a period of eight months ;
and I say that whatever may be the motive ox
Senators, however strong their confidence may
be in the President of the United States, that
