134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
This power is confided by the Constitution to
Ms discretion ; and he having a general, dis-
cretionary, and absolute power to remove from
office, there is no power in the Gowrnment
.which can restrict, circuifiscribe, revise, or con-
trol his excrci&e of the po.ver of removal.
I next advance one further step in my line
of argument. The honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] and the sharp Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmonds] both con-
tend virtually and without qualification, as I
understand them, that the power to remove
from office results by implication from the
power to appoint to office, and that the same
functionaries or officers of Government that
Tj&ve the power of appointment by necessary
Implication have the correlative power to re-
move from office. I think I state the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Michigan
fairly.
Mr. HOWARD. Withthisprinciple—if the
Senator will excuse me for interrupting him—
it is the same power which appoints and re-
moves, making uo distinction ; at least making
no distinction between the power to appoint
had the power to remove ; both, if it be pro-
per to say so, pertain to the President and the
Senate, and the power in each case is exactly
the same power.
Mr. DAVIS. So I understood the honor-
able Senator, and so 1 think I have stated
him. The honorable Senator has a clear and
an original mind ; he is a souud lawyer ; and
although, as I think, mistaken in many of his
lego-political conclusions. lean always under-
stand him. 1 understand that the honorable
Senator assumes precisely the same position
and principle that was taken in the first Con-
gress by the opponents of the proposition that
the President had the sole and exclusive power
of removal. I never heard the principal stated
upon the true basis until John 0. Calhoun
wiote his report and made his speech after the
removal of the deposits in 1835. He then took
the ground that was adopted by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] last
evening, that this was a legislative power. I
will, however, come to that position afcerawhile
and will treat it more particularly. In the
mean time I will consider the proposition so
clearly and distinctly taken by the honorable
Senator frotn Michigan, and as 1 have under-
stood by all the early opponents of the princi-
ple, that the power of removal was purely a
presidential power. In the case of Hennen,
before the Supreme Court ex parte, on a motion
for a mandamus, the Court adverted in the
course of the opinion to this question. I will
read a passage from the decision which was
rendered by Mr. Justice Thompson, one of the
ablest members that ever sat upon that, illus-
trious bench:
" It oainoot for a moment be admitted that it was
the intention of the Constitution that those offices
which are denominated inferior offices should be
held during lite; ;ind if removable at pleasure, by
whom is snea removal to be made V in the absence
0_f all constitutional provision Oi statutory lobula-
tion, itwould seem to be a sound and necessary rule
to coiiMder tlie power ot removal as incident to the
powei ot appointment. Tins power ot lemoval from
oiface w.is a subjecL much disputed and upon which
a greiit diversity ot opinion was entertained in the
early history ot this Government. This reiat ed, how-
ever, to the power of the President to remove officers
appointed "svuh^the concurrence of the Senate, and
the great question was whether tiic removal was to
oe by the .President alone or with the concurrence
ot tbe bonate, both constituting the appointing
l ower. No one denied the power of the President
and tile i.e.mite jointly to remove where the tenure
oi the ofiieo was not fixed by the Constitution, wnich
was a lull recogni tion ot the principle that the power
ot removal was incident to the power of appoint-
ment. But, it was very early adopted as the practi-
cal construction ot the Constitution that this power
was vesteu m the President alone, and saeli would
appear to have been the legislative construction of
tiie OiiuMituUon, form the organization of the three
great Departments of btute. War, and Treasury, in
the year provision is made for the. appointment
of a subordinate officer by the head of the Depart-
ment, who should have the charge a ml custody of tho
records, books, and papers appertaining to the office
when the head of thcDcpartmcnt should be removed
from office by the President ot the United States.
U btory, 5, 31, 47) When tbe Na vy Department was
established, m the year 1798, (1 Story, 498,) provision
Was.jBade fur the charge and custody of the books,
records, and documents of the Department in case of ;
vacancy in the office of Secretary by removal or '
, otherwise. It is not here said by removal by the i
I President." j
The previous laws establishing the Depart- j
ment.s had recited expressly that when the ,
removal of the head of the Department took ;
place by the President the chief clerk should ;
take charge of the books, papers, &c. |
" It is not here said by removal of the President,
as is done with respect to the heads of tho other De- ij
partments"—• !
Here itsaid merely removal generally, with- i
out specifying who should make the removal— j
"and yet there can be no doubt that he holds his I
office by the same tenure as the other Secretaries and !
is removable by the President. The change ot |
phraseology arose probably from its having become i
the settled and well-understood construction of the !
Constitution that the power of removal was vested '
in the President alone in such eases, although tbe |
appointment of the officer was by the President and j
Senate." j
Here is an explicit recognition of the prin- '
ciple that the power of removal from office rests h
in the President alone, and that it was so set- !;
tied by the legislative department of the Gov- !;
ernment when these great Departments were !j
organized, and that it had been the uniform ,
practice up to the time when this opinion was ;
rendered. The power was exercised by every ;
President of the United States from Washing- '
ton down to and including Andrew Johnson, ■
until the civil office tenure bill was passed. 1
have a-list of the officers who were removed
by the exclusive action of the President from •'
their places in the Government from the days
of Washington down to the trial of the im-
peachment of Andrew Johnson, and they :i
amount to hundreds, some of whom were re- j'
moved as well during the session of the Senate
as when the Senate was in vacation. The jj
power had been exercised by every President i'
according to his discretion, and usually accord-
ing to his absolute will. The debate m the
Congress of 1789 settling that it was exclusively i
a presidential power to remove from office, the I
truth of that principle, although practiced upon
by every President, was never controverted,
in practice at least, until the passage of the l!
civil office tenure bill. This was conceded by I
Mr. Webster, and I will read from the speech ;!
of Mr. Webster on the subject, and I will com- '!
ment after a while upon the report of Mr. Ben-
ton and the various bills that he reported to
the Senate.
The juvenile and green member from the
Green mountain State of course is too young
to recollect the fact; but the older members,
and the members who have had careful and
correethistoric reading, know that John Qniney
Adams was elected by Congress, and for the
time the Democratic party was displaced from
power by that election. The manner in which
that party was ousted from, power produced a
great furor of indignation throughout the whole
United States. I recollect a declaration re-
ported of Richard M. Johnson, who was after-
ward electtd Vice President of the United
Siates. Somefriendofhisremonstrated against
the vehement and tactions opposition which the
Democrats were making to tlif? administration
of John Quincy Adatns, and Mr. Johnson re-
marked that such was the suspicious manner in
which he came to the Presidency, that though
he was as pure as the angels who sat upon the
throne at tbe right hand of God, they would
feel themselves bound, if they could, to hurl
him from power. The Democrats commenced
for the ensuing presidential canvetis by nomin-
ating by acclamation General Jackson as their
candidate, who they said had been cheated out
of the office by bargain and sale and corruption.
Mr. Benton issued a high-sounding proclama-
tion calling and summoning his forces to the
coming conflict, and that high-sounding proc-
lamation was the report that he made and the
six accompanying bills, whieh were never acted
upon and never called up. Afterward General
Jackson directed the removal of the deposits
from the United States Bank. William J. Duane
: was Secretary of the Treasury. He construed
the law that it was hisdiscretion and his power
to remove the deposits from the United Suites
Bank or not, and he refu.ed to remove them.
General Jackson then removed him from offica
and put Iloger B. Taney in tbe ofBca of Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and he removed them.
Every gentleman of that day recollects thu in-
dignant feelingwhich this removal of the public
deposits from the Bank of the United States by
the indirect but positive and absolute command
of General Jackson produced in the country.
Mr. HOWARD. That was when he "took
the responsibility."
Mr. DAVIS. That was when he " took the
responsibility." It was under the influence
of the feelings of exasperation thus engendered
that Mr. Calhoun thought he would play the
rSle that Benton had played when John Quincy
Adams was elected President, and he had a
committee appointed and made a report against
the extent of executive patronage, and he in-
troduced three bills for the purpose of restrict-
ing and reducing executive power. It was in
support of that report and Mr. Calhoun's bills
that Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay made their
speeches upon the subject of executive patron-
age. I will read an extract from the speech
of Mr. Webster. He said :
"I think, then, sir, that the power of appointment
naturally and necessarily includes tbe power of re-
moval, where i.o limitation is expressed, nor uny
tenure but that at will declared. Tile power ot ap-
pointment being conferred on the Pi esident and Sen-
ate, I think the power of removal went along with
it, and should have been regarded an a part of it, and
exercised by the samehfmds. I think,consequently,
that the decision of 1789, which implied a power of
removal separate from the appointing power, WuS
erroneous.
"But I think the decision of 1789 has been estab-
lished, and recognized bysubsequent law, as the set-
tled construction of the Constitution ; and that it is
our duty to act upon tbe case Ueeordingly, for the
present, without admitting that Congress uiny not,
if necessity shall require it, reverse the decision of
1789. I think the Legislature possess the power of
regulating the condition, duration, qualification, and
tenure of office in all case,, where tbe Constitution
has made no express provision upon the subject.'*
Here is a distinct concession by Mr. Webster
that the legislation of Congress in the session
of 1789 in establishing the various Departments
of the Government and subsequent legislation
had settled the construction of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. Benton admits in his report and his bills
that the power of removal belongs to the Pres-
ident. The active, alert, and sharp Senator
Irom Vermont read from Mr. Benton, and from
his manner of reading any frank and candid
man would have come to the conclusion that
Mr. Benton had denied the right of the Presi-
dent singly to remove from office, and that Mr.
Benton contended for tbe joint exercise of the
power of removal by the President and Senate,
and that Mr. Bentotrs report and his six bills
were all in favor of the sharing of this power
between the President and the Senate. It was
no such thing, as 1 will in a very few sentences
show. What says Mr. Benton in the outset of
his report ?
"That after maluredeliberation Ihecommiltce are
of opinion that it^id expedient to diuimit-ii or lo reg-
ulate by law the Executive patronageof the FeJt-iCti
Government whenever tbe same can bcdonecone-hf-
eotly with tho provisions of tho Constitution, and
without impairing the proper efficiency of the Gov-
ernment. Acting tinder this conviction they have
reviewed, ascaretully as time and other engagements-
would permit them to do, the degrev and amount of
patron-age now exercised by the President, and have
arrived at the conclusion that the same may and ousrht
to be diminished by law. Forthid purpose they hero-
w.th present to the Senate six bills, entitled:
r i. •! to regulate the publication of the laws
 ♦ <, a 1?• 11" States and of public advertisement?,
j j- i Ji t0 sceury office tho faithtul collectors
and disbursers of the revenue and to displace de-
taulters.
"3. A bill to regulato the appointment of post-
masters.
4. A bill to regulate the appointment of ca.deK
.). Abill to regulate the appointment of midship-
men.
These were the grand and gigantic measures
which the great brain of Benton conceived,
and which have been so ostentatiously paraded
in general and ambiguous terms by the Se t-
ator from Vermont to sustain his position that
the powpr of removal from office is shared by
