THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
vicious and unconstitutional, absurdly void and
unconstitutional ?
The President lias no more power to nomi-
nate to office, and the Senate 110 more power
to advise and consent to his nomination to
office, than, according to your principle, the
President and the Senate, both concurring,
have the power under the Constitution to re-
move from office. AU the powers are analo-
gous in one respect. They are all constitu-
tional powers. They are all executive powers.
None of them are legislative powers or apper-
tain to Congress. They are powers belonging
to and inhering in the President alone, as 1
maintain. Here you contend that the Pres-
ident arid the Senate have the power to remove
from office, always, perpetually, under the Con-
stitution. • It belongs to them because it is
vested in them by the Constitution, you say, by
the necessary implication of the Constitution,
from its express words. If so, it is no more
their power than if it was given them by the
plainest and most explicit language ; and yet,
after assuming the position that it is a consti-
tutional power of the Senate to unite with the
President, that is, to act upon the same subject
of removing an officer from office, you propose
to suspend this right of the Senate till the next
session of Congress. If the Senate coricurwith
the President, the removal, you say; takes place,
both branches of the appointing powers having
agreed to it. The Senate may dissent from it;
they may reject the conclusion of the Presi-
dent, and you say the officer remains in office
by the non-concurrence of the Senate in the
act' of removal which the President has at-
tempted ;• and yet you are guilty of the stupen-
dous absurdity of saying that this constitu-
tional power of the Senate to concur with the
President in removing an officer from office,
which is not legislative in its character, but
purely executive, which the Senate derive not
from Congress but from the Constitution alone,
Congress may suspend the exercise of until the
next session of Congress. I say that your
position strangles the measure which you have
proposed to this Congress to pass ; your prin-
ciple overthrows it. Your measure cannotlive
if that principle has its effect.
Senators who assume the ground that Mr.
Maclay,Richard Henry Lee, and others assumed
in the Congress of 1789, that this power of
removal is a power incidental to the power of
appointment, to act with any reason, any con-
sistency, to maintain any respectability before
the good, strong, common sense of the coun-
try in relation to this principle, must come back
to the proposition that this is exclusively on
the part_ of the President and the Senate a
constitutional power with which and over
which Congress has no power to legislate.
The attempt by Congress to pass a bill to sus-
pend the civil-office-tenure law until the next
session is a farce—no, not a farce, but a bald
and bare assumption of power which you do
not possess under the Constitution,
1 now come to the position assumed by the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Car-
pextjsk] yesterday. He places the present
measure upon a different principle from the
honorable Senator from Michigan and the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont. He adopts and
reads^ from Mr. Calhoun, and he states the
principle thus: that the power to remove from
office is^ a casus omissus in the Constitution ;
and being omitted in the Constitution, Con-
gress has power to legislate upon the subject
under the general clause in relation to inci-
dental legislation, which I will read. The sec-
tion which enumerates the powers of Congress
concludes with the following general grant of
power:
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States or in
any department or oflieer thereof."
Mr. Calhoun's opinion, as expressed in his
report, and probably in his speech, was that
this ease of removing au officer had been from
some cause omitted in the Constitution, and
that Cwngress under its power to pass all laws
necessary and proper to enable Congress to
carry into execution any of its enumerated
powers, or to enable any department or officer
of the Governmentto carry into execution any
of its or his powers, was authorized to pass a
law on the subject. John C. Calhoun in early
life, I would inform the erudite Senator from
Vermont if he was in his seat, was a very sound
constructionist of the Constitution according
to my school. He construed it very soundly.
We all know that he was the father, if I may
use the term, of the Bank of the United States of
1817. We all know that he and the South re-
fused to pass the first protective tariff in 1816.
We all know that he himself proposed the prop-
osition by which the paper of the United States
Bank should be received by the Government in
payment of public dues. Mr. Webster at the
same time offered an amendment that the
paper of specie-paying State banks should also
be received in payment of public dues, We
all know, in addition, that while he was Secre-
tary of War John C. Calhoun looked over the
whole United States and conceived the idea of
a general system of national internal improve-
ments which should be aided, if not executed,
by the General Government. But Mr. Calhoun
became ambitious ; he became a nullifier; and
we have heretofoie thought that his sin of nul-
lification tainted his whole politics in afterlife.
It was in 1835, after he had been a nullifier and
after the compromise measure had been passed
by Congress which terminated thatstruggle, and
after the removal of the public deposits from
the Bank of the United States, and after
the little magician," Martin Van Buren, had
wormed himself into the confidence of " Old
Hickory,'' and had produced a hostility be-
tween Mr. Calhoun and General Jacksou that
was ever afterward held, it was when these
great men had become so hostile to each other
that Mr. Calhoun sought to take revenge upon
Jackson by introducing his measures to restrict
and to reduce executive power.
Ihe honorable Senator from Vermont was so
anxious to get the support of Mr. Calhoun aud
of others to this new idea of his, and which
stands opposed to his principle that the Senate
have a constitutional right to unite in the re-
moval of officers, that he quoted Mr. Calhoun
and denounced the administration of John
Quincy Adams for having entered upon the
corrupt and profligate abuse of power by re-
movals from office. John Quincy Adams was
inaugurated in 1825 and went out of office in
1829 ; a,nd I will read what Mr. Calhoun said,
in 1835, in one passage of his report:
" It is only within the last few years
Prior lo 1835, when John Quincy Adams
had gone out of office in 1829—
" ^ within thelast few years that removals
from office have been introduced as a system, and
tor the first time an opportunity has been afforded
ot testing the tendency ot the practice and witness-
ing the mighty increase which it has given to the
lorce ot executive patronage, and the entire and
tearful change, m conjunction with other causes, it
is effecting in the character ot our political system.
Aor will it require much reflection to perceive in
what manner it contributes to increase so vastly the
extent ot executive patronage,"
Here is a statement of the honorable Sen-
ator's authority that it was only within a few
years previous to 1885 that this abuse had
existed. A person listening to the honorable
Senator's speech would have supposed that
Mr. Calhoun had entered pell-mell with Mr.
Benton and the other six great men who united
with him in his report of 1826 to reduce execu-
tive power by establishing the principle of the
Constitution that a removal from office cannot
be made except by the concurrence of the Sen-
ate. Mr. Calhoun introduced two bills—I have
in my hand the original bills—-andheintroduced
one amendment to the Constitution. I will
read the titles:
..t "Twesty-Thikd Coxgkess,
is the Senate of the Unite o States.
"Mr. Calhoun, from the select committee appomt-
th °r H ■ executive patronage, reported
tho following bill ; which was read twice, and made
the order ot the day for Thursday next:
,r kill to repeal the Jirst and sceond spciions of
the act to limit the term of otftcs of certain officers
therein named, fmd. for other purposes, approved
the 15th of May, 1820. and for other purposes."
The title sufficiently indicates the scope of
the bill, and I will therefore not read it. The
other bill is:
"A bill to regulate the deposits of the public
money."
That was. a bill that did not appertain to
executive patronage or power at all. The
deposits had been removed from the Bank of
the United States and had been ordered to be
sent to State banks, and Mr. Calhoun simply
introduced " a bill to regulate the deposits ot"
the public money " in the State banks.
He also proposed an amendment to the Con-
stitution. One would suppose, from the notice
which the honorable Senator from Vermont
took of Mr. Calhoun in connection with this
great subject of public patronage, that he had
made great efforts to reduce it, and when he
asked leave to introduce an amendment of the
Constitution that probably would have been
a natural conclusion to a man who was not
informed, especially the honorable Senator
from Vermont. But what is the amendment?
"A jointresolutionpropo<nngan amendments the
Constitution of the United States, providing for a.
distribution of the surplus revenue among the sev-
eral States and Territories until the year 184G."
That is Mr. Calhoun's plan, and is about as
insignificant, as impotent for any useful influ-
ence or purpose, as Mr. Benton's.
Mr. POMBROY. Will the Senator yield
to me to make a motion to have an evening
session.?
Several Sexators. No, no.
Mr. SUilNEll. I object to an evening
session.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not yield. I comeback
to Mr. Calhoun's doctrine. I have referred to
him in the words I have used for the purpose of
showing what should be the authority and the
weight of Mr. Calhoun's name in debating
upon and deciding the great principles of con-
stitutional law and government.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin makes
Mr. Calhoun his authority for assuming that
the power to remove from office is a casus om is-
sus, andthat the exerciseof some power by Con-
gress in connection with the subject of removal
is necessary and proper to execute some power
of government. 1 say it is the power of ihe
President to see that the laws are faithfully
executed ; but Congress, under its power to
pass such laws as shall be necessary and proper
to carry its legislative powers into effect, that
is, to execute them or the powers of any other
department or officer of the Government, may
intervene, says that honorable Senator, and
pass this pending measure.
Now, let us examine that position. It is a
point of some interest, and I intend to present
1 it as succinctly and as distinctly as I can. Let
us analyze this power " to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any depart-
ment or officer thereof." This measure is not
necessary to enable Congress to execute any
of its legislative powers as enumerated in the
Constitution and as that enumeration is re-
ferred to in this clause. But, says the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, the power to
remove from office is not provided for by the
Constitution j it is a casus omissus, and there-
fore Congress may make provision for it. Weil,
how may Congress make provision for it? The
honorable Senator's argument is that legisla-.
tion is necessary and proper to enable some
other power of the Government, either vested
in Congress or in some department or officer
of the Government, to be executed ; this power
to remove from office is omitted in the Consti-
tution; it is not provided for by that instru-
ment, and a legislative provision is necessiry
and proper to enable the President, I suppose,
to execute his general executive power of see-
ing that the laws are faithfully executed. That
is the argument.
Now I put this proposition, to the honorable
