1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
Mr. CAKE. If these stables are removed
others will have to be provided almost imme-
diately, and if the ground is not wanted imme-
diately I cannot see the wisdom of taking them
away and incurring additional expense. We
must have stables.
Mr. HOPKINS. It is the expectation of
the architect to put up what stables are needed
further away from the Capitol. These are right
under the Capitol, and are a nuisance to every-
body who comes in here. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution wan ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the order of the House of yes-
terday, to the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved., That the Committee on the Territories
be authorized to employ a clerk during the Forty-
First Congress, to be paid the same as was paid to
the elerk ot the Judiciary Committee during the last
Congress.
ELECTION CONTEST ELLIOTT VS. ROGERS.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections :
Resolved, That in the matter of thecontested-elec-
tion case of lilliott vs. ltogers, from the second dis-
tiict of Arkansas, sixty days time be given from this
date in which to take further testimony in said case
and in all things else in conformity with existing
laws.
ELECTION CONTEST EGGLESTON VS. STRADElt.
Mr. BUKR submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee of
Elections:
Revolved, That the time for taking testimony in the
contested-election case of Benjamin Fggleston vs.
P. W. Strader, contesting the seat from the first dis-
trict of Ohio, be extended in behalf of both parties
forty clays Ironi and after the 5th day of April next.
ELECTION CONTEST COYODU VS FOSTER.
Mr. WOODWARD. I offer the following
preamble and resolution, upon which I demand
the previous question :
Whereas the House, by resolution of the5th March,
1S69, relerred to the Committee of Klectioiij so much
ot the proclamation of the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, dated .November]?, 180S. as relates to the elec-
tion ot .Representative m toe twenty-tirstdistrict of
said State, and the letter ot said Governor, dated
February 23.1801. relative thereto, together with the
papers referred to in said letter, with msiruetions to
leport what person, according to Su'.d proclamation,
letter, and papers, is entitled privjacie to represent
said twenty-tirst district in the Forty-First Congress
pending any contest that may arise concerning the
light to such representation ; and ivheieas theCom-
mittee of Flections consider themselves confined to
the papers referred to in said resolution, and not at
liberty to pass upon the certified ro'urns ot the elec-
tion in said twenty-first district; Theretor--,
Be it resolved, That the certified returns of the
return judges of the said twenty-first distuet, and
all the papeis connected therewith nowm tliehands
of the Oferk of the House, he referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, with the same cfleet and for the
same purpose as il they bad been included in the
resolution of the 5ih instant.
Mr. PAINE. I move that this resolution be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER.. The first question is upon
seconding the previous question.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 49, noes So.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PAINE. I now move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman cannot
certainly understand the character of the reso-
lution.
Mr, PAINE. I admit that I did not under-
stand it thoroughly when it was read.
Mr. WOODWARD. The only purpose is
to lel'er to the Committee of Elections all the
documents in the ca?e not now before the com-
mittee.
Mr. PAINE. Let the resolution be again
read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. PAINE. If there be no objection, I
would like to make a statement to the House.
This resolution seems to provide what papers
shall be submitted to the Committee of Elec-
tions for the purpose of determining the case
which has been submitted to them for adjudi-
cation. Now, 1 should regard it as improper
on my papt. to undertake to influence the House
in deciding what papers they shall or shall not
submit to the Committee of Elections. I re-
gard it as my duty, as a member of that com-
mittee, to consider and decide upon whatever
questions and papers shall be referred to the
committee by the House. I do not feel that I
have a right to interfere with the discretion of
the House to be exercised on this subject-
Therefore, I withdraw my motion to refer, and
leave it to the House to make such disposition
of this matter as they shall see fit.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew the motion that
this resolution be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to say for the
information of the House that the whole ob-
ject of this resolution is to get before the Com-
mittee of Elections the evidence in the case.
The resolution that was adopted on the oth of
this month referred to that committee certain
voluntary affidavits and a letter of the Gov
ernor of Pennsylvania, and that is all that is
now before that committee.
My resolution proposes to withdraw noth-
ing now before the committee, but simply to
superadd to that kind of evidence the legal
evidence in this case. That is the whole of it.
It is in effect the very same resolution which I
offered primarily and which was cut out by the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] My former resolu-
tion proposed that all the papers in the hands
of the Clerk of this House relating to the case
of the twenty-first congiessional district of the
State of Pennsylvania should be referred to
the Committee of Elections. It was the cus-
tomary resolution, the same that has been
adopted in several instances since then, and
that was adopted by the last House in several
instances. In the nature of things it is the res-
olution which should be adopted in all cases ;
but for some reason or other the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] saw proper
to move as a substitute for my resolution that
certain documents should be selected and re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, leaving
out the returns. The object of the resolution
I now offer is to refer those returns to the Com-
mittee of Elections, along with the documents
already referred. It asks the House to decide
nothing, except that the Committee of Elec-
tions shall have before them all the papers
instead of those only which the gentleman
from Massachusetts selected by his resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have but one object in
anything I may say or do in this case : and
that is to give the seal, pending the contest, to
the person who will ptobably be shown to be
entitled to it when all the evidence shall be
taken. I stated here the other day, when this
subject was under discussion, that we had in
numerous instances, or in many instances,
taken somo technical paper as prima facie evi-
dence, and allowed a man to take the seat and
hold it during nearly the whole Congress,
although finally, when the evidence was taken,
it was ascertained that that person was not
entitled to the seat at all, but that the person who
had been kept out of the seat all the time and
had been forced to contest and take testimony
was really entitled to the seat. In this case I
claim that the certificate of the G-overnor is
the 011I3- prima facie certificate that can be
used here ; we know nothing of the inferior tri-
bunals that pass upon the several returns of
election except what is certified to us by the
Governor. We have, in the first place, his cer-
tificate saying that no proper paper has been
presented to him noon which he "ould base a
report to Congress that either party was elected.
Then we have his supplemental certificate,
accompanied by affidavits, stating that it ap-
pears from those affidavits that Mr. Coyode
was entitled to the seat.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very well.
Mr. WOOD. I understood the gentleman
to say that the certificate of the Governor is to
him sufficient evidence to make out a prima
facie case to entitle a person to a seat in this
House. 1 desire to ask him whether he will
abide by that rule in every instance of contested
election that shall come before this House
during the present Congress? Also, whether
he has not heretofore, in all cases where Dem-
ocrats have been contestants, reversed the rnle
which he now seeks to apply in this case?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman has asked me several questions in
one. So far as regards the last question—
whether I have not heretofore acted contrary
to the principle I am now advocating—1 can
answer that, according to my recollection, I
never have. I believe I held this doctrine in
the ease of Coffroth vs. Koontz. My opinion
was then, as it is now, that where the proper
officer, whose duty it is to certify to the House
who is elected, fails to make that certificate we
have no right to fall back upon something else
not authorized by law to be considered by the
House and to say that that is prima facie evi-
dence. The only prima facie evidence to this
House as to who is elected is the certificate of
the officer whom-the law authorizes to make
that certificate at the last, and not those officers
who certify the returns in the first instance.
Now, m this case the Governor says that he
had before him no such documents as author-
ized him to certify that any gentlemau was
elected to Congress from this particular dis-
trict in Pennsylvania. He subsequently certi-
fies that additional papers laid before him in-
dicate the election of Mr. Covode. This, 10
tny mind, makes a prima facie case for Mr.
Covode. But if we can go back of the Gov-
ernor's certificate, or if the Governor himself
can go back of the certificates that are pre-
sented to him, and examine the returns from
the different election precincts, as was done m
the somewhat celebrated case of Lehman vs.
Butler, where a Democratic Governor went
back of ali the returns, explored the precincts
lor frauds and forgeries, and found such as he
believed indicated the election of a Democrat
instead of a Whig, and then gave the former
a certificate, I say that if the Governor has
the right thus to go back and explore the pre-
cincts for frauds and forgeries, then the Gov-
ernor has done it upon affidavits, and he sends
us such affidavits as always make a prima facie
case in court., and upon which the court will act
until the whole evidence is taken. The Governor
has furnished these papers to us and sajs that
they indicate the election of Mr. Covode.
Mr. \\ OODWARD. I beg leave to call the
attention of my colleague [Mr. Scoi'IEJ.!)] io
the fact that we are not discussing the title of
these gentlemen to the seat. That question is
| not now before us, as it will b"e hereafter.
When that question comes up we shall discuss
it upon the evidence by which it must be
decided. But the question now before the
House is whether the Committee of Elections
shall proceed upon all the evidence in the case
or upon only a part of the evidence. The
question is not whether Mr. Covode or Mr.
Foster shall be admitted to the seat. The ques-
tion, I repeat, is whether all the evidence shall
go to t,lie Committee of Elections. My resolu-
tion proposes that it shall. The Committee of
Elections will, upon the evidence, decide and
report their decision to the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine. J
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, it is due not only
to the parties to this contest, but also to the
whole House, that 1 should make a statement
as to the present position of the question which
