THE- CONG-R1SSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcll 18,
■both, parties in the country. I fear, Mr.
Speaker, that there is unfortunately too much
truth in the charge, and I think it is time for
gentlemen in this House to rise to a higher
plane and consider questions of this kind as
the Constitution intends they should be con-
sidered, and to remember that not only the
claimants to seats are upon trial, but that we
also are upon trial before the tribunal of the
world and of posterity, and that we cannot for-
get that we are acting in the capacity of judges
without personal dishonor.
Now, what is the question before the House ?
It is to determine which of two gentlemen
claiming a right to a seat in this House, for
•which the Governor has issued no certificate
of election, is entitled upon the returns to hold
the seat pending the contest.
Mr. WOODWARD. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. That is not the question before
the House at all, although it might' appear to
be so from the statements made on the other
side. The question before the House is whether
the returns of the election shall be referred to
the Obmraittee of Elections.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand what the
question is perfectly, and was proceeding to
state it, but will doubtless fail to do so in a very
satisfactory manner. It is primarily the one
I have stated. The question directly before
the House is whether certain papers shall be
referred to the committee for the purpose of
determining that -prima facie question. This
very question has heretofore been by this House
decided in the case of Koontz 'os. Coffroth. But
now, instead of permitting the Committee of
Elections to decide the question upon precisely
the same character of evidence that has here-
tofore been referred to the committee by the
House, an attempt is being made by those who
oppose the motion to exclude all this proper
and legitimate evidence from the consideration
of the committee and compel them to confine
their action to a consideration of papers referred
by the resolution passed some time ago on ihe
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts-
papers, I submit, with all due respect, that
ought to have 110 bearing whatever upon the
case. And what are they'! Not the certificate
of tise Governor of Pennsylvania that a certain
gentleman is entitled to the seat, a certificate
that he is authorized to give by law, but other
ex parte, inofficial papers that the Governor has
no more right to furnish than any other man in
Pennsylvania or elsewhere. A distinguished
Republican official of Pennsylvania, Attorney
General Meredith, the law officer of the State,
has adjudicated the question ; the Committee
of Elections of the House has adjudicated it,
and their judgment has been passed upon and
approved by the House itself. And I imagine,
if the papers are referred, the committee will
have but little trouble in determining as to the
prima facie right.
Now, according to the law of the State of
Pennsylvania and the decisions of the Com-
mittee of Elections and of this House itself, the
only papers upon which the Committee oflilec-
tions can properly determine this question are
those which the gentleman from Pennsj'lvania
[Mr. "Woodward] seeks this morning to have
sent to the committee ; and yet honorable gen-
tlemen get up here and oppose the proposi-
tion, refusing to allow the papers to go to the
proper tribunal for the purpose of determining
whether they have any proper bearing upon the
question or not. That is all that is asked for,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] and others who oppose this propo-
sition seek to prevent the sending of these
papers to the committee, and would compel
them to decide the case upon other papers,
which, upon the view taken by the report of
the gentleman froxj Massachusetts himself,
and sustained by this House in a former case,
ought not to have any bearing whatever upon
the question.
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gentle-
«tayi to claim it to be the law that the returns
which the judge of election over the ballot box
makes to the county board shall go before the
Governor when he decides who has theprima
facie case?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not understand the
question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. 8C0PIBLD. I yield further time to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman
to say that the resolution would require the
Committee of Elections to examine the returns
which the judge over the ballot-box makes to
the county board. Now, I ask him if he sup-
poses the law of Pennsylvania requires those
returns to be produced before the Governor
when it requires of the Governor to issue his
proclamation upon what appears before him,
under the law, to be th& prima facie case? I
ask if he so understands the law of Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. MARSHALL. Those will all be proper
questions for the Committee of Elections to
examine and determine when these papers are
referred to them, and that is all that is pro-
posed by the resolution before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I did not know but there
might be some difference between you and I as
to the meaning of the resolution. If the mean-
ing of the resolution is to require the Commit-
tee of Elections to'examine into the papers
that the law required to be laid before the Gov-
ernor, he and I agree ; but if it means that the
Committee of Elections are to go behind that
into other matters, then lie and I differ as to
what constitutes a, prima facie case.
Mr. MARSHALL. There ought to be no
possible difficulty about this question. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania on my left [Mr.
Woodward] seeks by his motion to refer these
very questions to the Committee of Elections
to determine for themselves and to bring them
before the House in a proper manner. As I
understand it, the gentlemen who are opposing
this resolution are attempting to keep this
from the Committee of Elections and compel
them to determine the prima facie case and put
a gentleman upon this floor as member from
the twenty-first district of Pennsylvania upon
papers that have no proper legal effect what-
ever, as I conceive, upon an unofficial, unau-
thorized paper furnished by the Governor of
Pennsylvania, and unofficial, unauthorized affi-
davits tiled therewith. Will any gentlemen
take upon themselves to say that those are
papers upon which to determine th n prima facie
right of a gentleman to a seat upon this floor?
There is no precedent in the history of this
House for such action, and no parallel to it in
the history of deliberative bodies. All that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania asks is that
these papers, in addition to those already re-
ferred, may be referred as similar papers were
inthe case of Koontz to. Coffroth, to the Com-
mittee of Elections, andletthem determine the
question and report the facts and their judg-
ment in regard thereto to the House. That
would bring the whole question before us for
our determination.. I cannot conceive of any
objection to this course that can by any possi-
bility be dictated byadesireand determination
to do equal and exact justice between these
gentlemen.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I resume the floor. The
gentleman has had fifteen minutes instead of
five.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman re-
new the motion to lay the resolution on the
table ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not at present. I desire
to say one word in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is the motion to lay on
the table debatable?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not pending.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdrew the motion
to allow the gentlemen upon the other side to
be heard, and now I want to say a word or two
in reply. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] and my colleague [Mr. Woodward]
complain that we are not giving sufficient time
for debate. I should be perfectly willing that
the question should be debated all day ?f the
House would be patient; but the gentlemen
know that the House will not be patient,, and
that they are not listening to any of us this
morning to any considerable extent. But the
complaint ought not to be made by either of
those gentlemen. My colleague knows that
when he offered his resolution he demanded
the previous question upon it, and I am told
by a gentleman that the gentleman from Illi-
nois—1 was not looking at him at the time—
stood up and voted in favor of sustaining the
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. Where did the gentle-
man get his information ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Some gentleman came
and told me while the gentleman was speaking.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will inform the gen-
tleman that he is mistaken. I was not in the
House when the vote was taken.
Mr. SCOFlEiD. A gentleman came and
told me that while the gentleman was speak-
ing. I have forgotten who it was. At all events
my colleague's political friends voted to sus-
tain the previous questionand cut off all debate
on the resolution, and when I got the floor on
my motion I yielded two thirds of my time to
my political opponents.
The gentleman from Illinois says that it is
very disreputable for anybody to vote in ac-
cordance with his political sympathies upon
questions of this kind. Of course, I agree with
him. Every honorable man will agree with
him. And still I suppose, very likely unknown
to him, that like other gentlemen upon this
floor, those influences sometimes control bis
judgment unintentionally; for I have noticed
ever since I have been a member of this House
with the gentleman from Illinois that he has
uniformly voted for a Democrat who was an
applicant for aseat and uniformly against a
Republican. It is not probable that either side
was always right, and that shows how liable
even the best men, men who like my friend
can stand up and lecture us all upon this ques-
tion, are sometimes to err. No doubt he has
erred in that way.
But it ought to be remembered to our credit
that while in doubtful cases we have some-
times possibly leaned to the side of the man
with whom we had political affinities, yet in
two cases which I have cited in tbis debate,
the case of Coffroth vs. Koontz, and the case
of Chaves vs. Clever, we decided the prima
facie case wrongly in favor of the Democratic
claimant, as was afterward shown upon the
investigation.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mae-
shall] does not understand this case, but my
colleague [Mr. Woodward] does, and got up
to correct the gentleman from Illinois on this
question. My colleague says that the Gov-
ernor has no right to go behind the papers.
Suppose that to be so ; the Governor in this
instance has not gone behind the papers. The
Republican judge of election signed a return
that Mr. Covode had a majority of 325 votes.
Ihc two Democratic judges of election signed
a return that Mr. Foster had a majority of 41
votes. The Governor then explored the pre-
°i?0'S t'le difficulty originated, and
obtained affidavits which he sends to us, with
a statement that upon those affidavits Mr.
Covode is entitled to the seat.
Mr. MARSHALL. Allow me a word.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not just now. In the ease
ot .Lehman vs. Butlej'j when Governor Packer
was at the helm in Pennsylvania, the return
was signed by all the return judges; it was
made out according to law and presented to
the Governor. But he went behind the papers,
went down into the voting precincts, where he
said he discovered forgeries, mistakes, or some-
thing of the kind, reversed the return of the
return judges, which was unanimous and accord-
ing to law, gave the certificate to his political
friend, a Democrat, and sent it to the House
of Representatives, where the Whigs had a
majority, and that Whig majority sustained him
and gave the Democrat the seat.
Now the gentleman comes forward hero and
says that the Governor has no right- to go be-
