1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
hind the papers, and that, too, when the Gov-
ernor has not attempted to do so. When the
papers were wanting he did look down into the
precincts where, by affidavits which lie sends
to us, he discovered great frauds. And now my
colleague, [Mr. Woodward,] who thoroughly
understands this case,while the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] who comes to his
assistance, does not understand it at all, and
therefore very properly devotes much of his
time to lecturing the House—my colleague
wants the case sent to the Committee of Elec-
tions in such a way that the committee shall
take these returns and say that as one of the
return judges certifies one way and the other
two return judges certify another way there-
fore the seat shall be given to the man in whose
favor rhe two return judges have certified.
Now, I want the committee to take the certifi-
cate of the Governor, unless, upon investiga-
tion, they conclude that it is not sufficiently
formal, in which case 1 want them to do, as
the gentleman himself would do under the
same circumstances in his court, go down into
the voting precincts with these affidavits, and
say that as these great frauds have been com-
mitted they will, pending the contest, give this
seat to the man who is really entitled to it, and
who will be entitled to it in the end, if the
depositions shall show what the affidavits
show.
Mr. MARSHALL. I was going to ask the
gentleman what was the opinion of the law
officer of the State of Pennsylvania upon the
duty of the Governor in a case of this kind?
The gentleman has referred to the action of a
former Democratic Governor of that State. I
know nothing about that. If it was erroneous,
that is no reason why this House should go
back upon its own precedents and perpetrate
a wrong and a fraud here. The gentleman
says I do not understand this case. I say I
do understand it, and I understand precisely
what he is aiming at in this case.
Mr. DAWES. The Globe will show that the
position which I took in that case was pre-
cisely the position which I take now, and
which I embodied in my resolution. I was
opposed at that time to the attempt of the
Governor, which I denounced, to make up a
prima facie case upon evidence which the laiv
did not authorize him to take.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was in Con-
gress at the time Governor Packer set aside
the returns and gave the seat to his political
friend, although the Whig candidate had per-
fect returns. I ask hi in to refer to that case.
Mr. DAWES. I was speaking of that case,
and of the position which L took at that time.
The Globe will show that my position then
was precisely the position I attempted to take
in my resolution the other day.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not object to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
making bis remarks. But he has prevented
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] answering the question I put to hira as
to what was the opinion of the constitutional
law adviser of the Governor of Pennsylvania
in a case precisely similar to this.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Upon what point?
Mr. MARSHALL. Where there is a return
of two of the board of canvassers on the one
side and one on the other.
Mr. SCOFIKLD. In other words, the ques-
tion is whether the decision of the majority of
the, board should govern.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir; whether the
Governor is not bound, absolutely concluded,
by the decision of the board of canvassers.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, sir, the case of
CoS'roth vs. Koontz went before the Governor
in the same way as this, though there was not
exactly the same state of facts ; and the attor-
ney general of Pennsylvania at that time gave
ill opinion in which he said, I think, that the
decision of a majority of the board would govern
or ought to govern. It is some time since 1
read the opinion. I believe that in the Com-
mittee of Elections the opinion was considered
as susceptible of two constructions; but a gen-
tleman who appeared before the committee in
that case claimed that the opinion properly
construed took the ground I have stated. But
per contra, Jeremiah S. Black, formerly chief
justice of the supreme court of Pennsylvania—■
a man whose learning is equal to that of any
other gentleman who has been connected with
the judiciary of our State, my colleague [Mr.
Woodward] not excepted; a man of clearer
perceptions, I think, than almost any other
gentleman whom we have had on that bench,
exceptChief Justice Gibson; a very strong par-
tisan on the Democratic side, but still a man
of remarkable capacity and of great mental
clearness—-wrote a long letter discussing that
question in the case of Coffroth vs. Koontz,
and took just the opposite ground. That let-
ter, which was presented to the Committee of
Elections, and was, I believe, printed at the
time, was a very able, exhaustive, and to my
mind unanswerable argument in favor of the
position thafthe mere action of the majority
of the board is not conclusive in such cases.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, one word
more. The gentleman has admitted that a
Republican attorney general advised a Repub-
lican Governor, as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] has stated, that the return of
a majority of the board of canvassers is con-
clusive. The gentleman, I understand, admits
that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No; I do not. My recol-
lection is that the attorney general thought
that the Governor might base his certificate
upon the report of the majority of the return
judges.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I ask the gen-
tleman 
Mr. SCOFIELD. That, however, has noth-
ing to do with this case. Why did not the gen-
tleman refer to the case of Butler vs. Lehman,
where a Governor of his own party took the
opposite ground?
Mr. WOODWARD. I trust the gentleman
will allow me to finish my question. I ask him
to state to the House whether Mr. Meredith,
the attorney general, did not, in the opinion
to which I referred the other day, instruct the
Governor that he had no legal authority to go
back of the return of the majority of the board
as certified to him? Was not that the conclu-
sion of Mr. Meredith?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not recollect that
it was.
Mr. WOODWARD. The material part of
that opinion was incorporated in my remarks
as published the other day in the Globe, and
the gentleman will find that it takes the position
I have stated.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think it really has noth-
ing to do with this case, one way or the other.
Mr. WOODWARD. It has this to do with
it, tliat while the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has undertaken to state dif-
ferently the law of Pennsylvania on this sub-
ject, a Republican attorney general stated it
to a Republican Governor in the manner in
which I have stated it on this floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes GO, noes 49.
Air. WOODWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 9',), nays 45, not voting,
■52 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
J-/U11U1, I. 1V.C, .tlUltlCfb WWU, Vll J_ . yuw ,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Culloin, Deweesc, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, I>u\al, Dyer, Famsworth,
Fcrriss. Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Pitch, Gilfillan,
Hale, Hawley, Hay, Ilcnton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Alexander 11. Jones, Jadd, Julian, Kellcy, Kelsey,
Kiiiipp, Laflin, Lash, Logan. Maynnrd, McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrcw, Mereur. Eliakirn li. Moore. Wil-
liam Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill,
Oi Ui, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Pel eis, Phelps, P<un-
ci oy, Pinter, lioots, Saufoid, Sargent, Scofield,
Shanks. Sheldon. John A. Smith, Worthinsrton 0.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, btokes,
Stoughton, Stiickland, Taffe, Tillman, Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn, Cadwal&der 0. Wash-
burn. Welkcr, Whittemore. Wilkinson, Williams,
John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witch or—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axteil, Beck. Uiffffs, Bird,
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Crebs, Dawes. Dickinson, Eld-
ridge. Getz. Golladay, Grisvvold, Haigbt, llaldernan,
Hainill, ilolmnn, Johnson, Thoraa? L. Jones- Knott,
Marshall. Maybam, McCormick, MeNeely, Bloffet,
Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen.Niblack,Potter.licevcst
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Strader, S*vann. Sweeney,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Bowcn, Roderick 11. But-
ler, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Cowles, Davis,
Ela, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Harableton, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hoag, Hopkins., Hotuhkiss. Ingcrsoll,
Jenekes, Kerr, Ketcham. Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, Jesse II. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Paine,
Poland, Randall, Heading, Rice, Rogers, Sawyer,
Schenck. Schumaker, William J. Smith, Stiles,
Stone, Tanner, Trimble. Upson, Voorbees, Ward,
William 13. Washburn, Wheeler, and Willard—52.
i So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STOKES said : My colleague, Mr. But-
leii, is confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio,
Mr. Garfield, is detained at his room by sick-
ness.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on retrenchment.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. AVelker, Mr. Jenckes, and Mr. Niblack
as the committee of conference on the part of
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the concurrent resolution for the
appointment of a joint committee on retrench-
ment.
clerk to a committee.
Mr. POLAND offered the following resolu-
tion ; which, under the previous order of the
House, was referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts :
Resolved, That the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States be authorized to employ
acleik, who shall receive as compensation six dol-
lars per day while Congress is iu session.
tax on spikits and tobacco.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
substitute for the bill (H. IX. No. 27) to amend
an act entitled "An act imposing taxes on dis-
tilled spiiits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses,approved July 20, 1868; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
officeholders in virginia.
Sir. FARNSWORTH. I rise to make a
privileged report from the Committee on Recon-
; struction. I report back the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 14) respecting the provisional gov-
ernments of Virginia and Texas, passed at the
third session of the Fortieth Congress, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the removals from civil office in the pro-
visional government of Virginia, provided for
in the joint resolution to which this is amend-
atory, shall not be made till thirty days from
and after the passage of this joint resolution.
I The amendment reported by the committee
is to strike out all after the enacting clause and
i insert the following :
I That the officers commanding in the States of Vir-
! ginia, Mississippi, and Texas shall have thirty days
i from and after the passage of this joint resolution
j during which to complete the removal from office of
; the several officers in said States of Virginia, Mis-
| sis^ippi, and Texas, as provided form the joint reso-
| lution to which this is amendatory.
| Mr. FAllNSWORTH. I ask the Clerk to
! read tlie joint resolution to which this is amend-
j atory.
I The Clerk read as follows:
| Arcsolution respecting the provisional governments
j of Virginia and Texas.
I Revolved by the Senate and ffouieof ftepraentafivrs
j of the United State* of America u"Ifi*
: That the persons now holdingcml onices in thopro-
i visional governments of Virginia and ioxa*. who
i cannot take and subscribe the oath presenbod by
the act entitled " An act fo presmhf an oath of ofiioe,
