1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
Texas or from Mississippi. The Senate resolu-
tion proposed to deal onr/with Virginia. The
Committee on Reconstruction undertake to
add to the resolution, by way of amendment,
the States of Mississippi and Texas, reinstating
all the rebel oiiiceholdeis in Texas, where, as
is notorious, 110 man's life is safe. For one I
cannot agree to any such measure.
Let me show you how this proposition is
viewed by the loyal men of Virginia. I hold
in my hand a telegram, which I have received
since I left the committee-room this morning,
from a man who was an officer of the New
York engineers, who immediately after the war
settled in one of the counties in the vicinity of
Richmond; who is endeavoring to do his duty
as a citizen of the United Stales and of the
State of Virginia, and who is as true and loyal
a man as any that lives. Having seen a tele-
graphic report of the passage of this resolution
in the Senate he scuds me a dispatch in these
words:
"General: Chesterfield county looks to vou to pro-
tect us in our Republican struggle in this State.
Bo not extend thirty days. It is adesign of the enemy,
and wilt destroy us."
lie adds a request that I will show the dis-
patch to another member of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee whom he names.
Now, while I am at all times very much dis-
inclined to differ with my associates on the
committee, and particularly to differ with my
Republican associates upon a matter of this
sort, y el if I could tell u the secrets of the prison-
house " I might show the vote by which the
minority of the committee were overruled. I
ask the House to pause, for while we have
heretofore determined not to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of these men, it is in fact pro-
posed in this measure to remove all their dis-
abilities and to notify the commander of the
district that their disabilities are relieved.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
from Wisconsin proceeds with his remarks, I
would like to inquire—though I do not know
that I can do so without violating some of the
rules of order—whether this comes to us as a
leconstruction measure, based upon what is
known and understood as the Republican idea
of reconstruction, or whether it is based upon
the Democratic idea of reconstruction, which
happens to be sanctioned in this case by some
of our own friends? 1 do not know that I
can ask the question legitimately, but I would
really like to know what is the fact upon this
point.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
cannot make up his mind upon the merits of
the measure itself I do not see how I can
possibly relieve him of his embarrassment, as
thore are Republicans on both sides of the
question. The gentleman will be obliged, I
suppose, to decide upon the question for him-
self. The measure comes here as the report
ol the Reconstruction Committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the gentleman knows,
I am a very decided party man upon party
questions, and I have a little curiosity in the
point of view I have stated.
Mr. FARNSV* OKTII. I will tell my fiiend
that I label this a Republican measure; per-
haps some other gentlemen may not do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am op-
posing it as a Democratic measure. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As 1 am an older
Republican, my testimony is at least as good
as that of my fiiend from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Nothing
is judged better by age except wine and cheese.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTIL I believe I was a
full-giown Republican when the gentleman i
from Massachusetts was m his Republican J
swaddling clothes. [Laughter.] 1
1 }ield to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine.]
Mr, PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I regret, as does
my colleague on the Reconstruction Commit-
41sx Cong. 1st 10.
tee, [Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,] to be
compelled to differ with a majority of that com-
mittee ; but I regret still more that a majority
of that committee could have been found to
recommend this resolution to the House. I
hope the House will adopt no such measure.
1 have considered in this House few pending
measures that seemed to me fraught with more
danger to the loyal men of these three unre-
constructed States than this very resolution
which we are called upon to pass. Look at the
facts in the ease. We adopted a joint resolu-
tion duringthe last session—which, in my judg-
ment. ought not to have been adopted—giving
thirty days longer lease ofollicial life to the office-
holders in Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas,who
could not- take the mm-elad oath, so called.
Now, who are those men who cannot take this
oath? They embrace two classes: first, the
men who are ineligible to office under the third
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, havingtaken
an oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and subsequently giveu aid and com-
fort to the rebellion ; and second, those who
had not taken the oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, but who had given
aid and comfort to the enemy. Sir, the lan-
guage of this joint resolution covers both these
classes of men. My friend on the committee
[Mr. FauxsworthJ says, nevertheless, that
those who are ineligible to ollice under the
constitutional amendment had not under the
joint resolution of last session, would not have
by virtue of the pending resolution, any right to
hold office. 1 agree to that; as a legal prop-
osition no man can dispute it. Our joint reso-
lution certainly cannot override the Constitu-
tion of the United States. But yet the fact-
stares us in the face that nine tenths of the offi-
cers in Virginia have all along held office being
ineligible under the fourteenth amendment,
and the district commander knew that a large
proportion of them were ineligible. The gen-
tleman need not say it cannot be so construed,
for the fact is it has been so construed, it is
so construed, and it will be so construed. This
resolution gives them thirty days longer tenure
of oflice, for the district commander is not
compelled to remove them till the end ot that
period. The proposition before the House is
therefore in effect that these very officeholders
in Virginia, nine tenths of whom are disqual-
ified to hold office for one single hour by the
constitutional amendment, if that amendment
is anything but waste papei, shall be allowed,
at t he discretion of the diatiict commander, to
continue in ollice fur thirty days.
But my friend from Illinois [Mr. Fauns
woutii] says, ''1 do not mean them; 1 mean
the men who cannot take the iron-clad oath,
and who are not covered by the terms of the
third section of the fourteenth constitutional
amendment." Sir, no matter what, the gen-
tleman means, as a nice, legal proposition, we
know very well what the district commander
will understand this resolution to mean. He
will understand that this language, broad as
it is, covering in its plain import all who can-
not take the test-oath, whether ineligible under
the fourteenth amendment or not, allows him
thirty days in which to lemove those men who
have not, under the Constitution any right to
hold othce one hour.
Now, sir, I will never consent to such a
proposition. I would not consent to it even
if i did not see, as I do, momentous interests
of the nation behind ail this. I would not
stultify myself by thus trampling upon the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,even
if 1 saw no evil practically resulting f.'om it.
Mr. FARNSWOR PH. Let me make a sug-
gestion to my friend. If the constitutional
amendment covers those men, as ho claims,
he may move an amendment providing that
this shall not apply to persons disqualified by
that amendment.
Mr. PAINB. Before action is taken on the
resolution I shall offer an amendment that will
go at leas$ far as that if not a great deal
further. As I have just said, 1 would object
to trampling upon the Constitution even though
there were no evil results practically and im-
mediately involved in its violation. But there
is something more in the case than that. If,
is a question of lite and death to the Union men
in these unreconstructed States. The great
struggle there to-day is over this question:
"Shall the Uniou men in those States obtain con-
trol of the Government or shall the old office-
holding oligarchs still retain their power?"
This substitute for the Senate resolution, what-
ever may have been the object which its advo-
cates intended to accomplish by it, can result
in nothing less than to turn the scale in favor
of disloyalty to our national Government, in
favor of those who opposed the plan that has
been inaugurated in this Capitol tor the recon-
struction of these States, in favor of the ene-
mies of the Government, and against the true,
trusied, and tried men who have, notwithstand-
ing executive frowns and legislative coldness
and indifference, still struggled on against fear-
ful odds to save these States to the Govern-
ment. Sir, 1 oppose this joint resolution from
beginning to end ; and instead of trying to
amend it so as to make it palatable, I shall,
before the question is taken on its adoption, ask
the House to adopt as a substitute for it the
resolution which 1 now send to the desk.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yield for
that.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman will
allow it to be read for information as a part
of my remarks.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois object to its being read for information ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no.
The Clerk read as follows:
Any person who shall hold or exorcise any office to
winch he is ineligible under the third section of the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution ol the United States, shall be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, mid upon conviction thereof shall be
puuishcd by a fine not exceeding- &5.000 nor less than
£500, and by imprisonment for not more than five
years nor le:-.s than sixty days, or both at the discre-
tion of the court; and any civil or military officer
having authority to remove any person holding or
exercising any office to which he is ineligible under
the pi u visions of the third section of the fourteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United State?, who shall neglect or refuse to remove
such peison knowing him to be ineligible as afore-
said, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon con-
viction thereof shall be punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding •jo.nUO nor Jeph than $5U0, and imprisonment
for a term not exceeding five years nov less than sixty
days, or boih at the discretion of the court.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 resume the floor.
Mr. BINGllAM. I ask the gentleman to
allow ini to otter thefollowing proviso, to come
in ut the pud of the resolution :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
apply to persons disqualified by the fourteenth arti-
cle of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for the
purpose of having that amendment offered.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I offer that amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That relieves the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
of pretty much the entire weight of their argu-
ments.
Mr. PAINE. Is my amendment pending or
not ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment of
the gentleman is not pending. It is not ger-
mane to the resolution. It relates to an entirely
different subject. Now, I want to brush away
a lis tie ol the dust that has been thrown about
this matter. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts complains that this will restore rebel
officeholders in Texas. Texas stands upon a
very different basis from Virginia. The officers
in the State of Texas have all been appointed
by the military commandant. They never had
a State government like the government set up
in Virginia under Peirpoint. In Virginia they
have had a State government running for some
tour years and officers elected throughout the
State, from Governor down. The effect of the
resolution passed daring the last session of
Congress, and to take effect to morrow, is to
remove in one single day all those officers. It
