1869.
THE COtfGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
tho party interested in this joint resolution, as
the condition upon which alone he shall have
any benefit under the measure, to release all
claims whatever for past rents arising from
this property, thereby saying that if the ten-
ants who occupied it before the seizure by the
Government and who may be to-day liable to
lnm in the courts in the sum of $10,000, have
not yet paid their liability, shall by force of
our law be released from all claim for wear
and occupation upon them, and that, too, with-
out stopping to inquire whether the defaulting
debtor may not himself be tainted with the
guilt of rebellion. It thus appears that the
House is asked to discriminate even among
those who have participated in the rebellion,
making this man the scapegoat of every other
man's sins.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is entitled,
under the rules of the House, to an hour to
close the debate, i trust lie will give me a few
minutes. He is aware that some of us have
very decided convictions on this question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I know the gentle-
man undertook yesterday to lay this resolution
on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that I merely voted upon the
proposition when it had been made. I did not
make the proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. All that I care about is to
have the speedy action of the House upon this
measure.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not just now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. After saying that I have
offered "an amendment which no man can jus-
tify" will not the gentleman give meaminute?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; I will give the
gentleman two minutes to justify it.
Several Members. Let the amendment be
read.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; before the
gentleman from Pennsylvania proceeds I ask
that his amendment be read.
The Cierk read as follows:
Provided, That said Duncan first release all claim
foi rents or use of said property prior to the passage
of this joint resolution.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I did not ask the gentle-
man for two minutes or for any time to justify
my amendment. I wanted a very brief time
to explain the difference between his proposed
amendment and mine.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I do not yield to the
gentleman. He shifts his ground. He threw
down the gauntlet and proposed to justify his
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman has charged
me with proposing " an amendment which no
man "—making the language very emphatic—
•' can justify." And does he now refuse me
the opportunity to say a word to show what
my amendment means?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not what the
gentleman said just now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, does the gentleman
shut me off, or will he allow me an opportunity
to say a word?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not what the
gentleman said just now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would not assail the
gentleman by using, even without emphasis, a
word in any way implying that he would at-
tempt to do an unjust act, and then close his
mouth when he wanted to say something in
his own defense.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman wants
to justify that amendment he can have two
minutes.
Air. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman will
yield to me he will hear what 1 have to say.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will hear what the gen-
tleman has to say. I yield to him two minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this prop-
erty has been in the possession of the Govern-
ment for a number of years. The rents which
have been collected have not to any consider-
able extent been paid into the Treasury of the
United States. They are now impounded in
court. My amendment proposes that if Dun-
can gets back his property all the rents which
have accrued up to this time, whether im-
pounded in court or paid into the Treasury,
shall be left in the hands of the Government;
that he shall release all claim to these rents,
whether paid in or not paid in. The proposi-
tion offered by the gentleman from Ohio pro-
vides that Duncan shall release all claims to
those smaller amounts that have been paid into
the Treasury and take all that is impounded in
court. Now, I have said that I would not dis-
cuss the matter but would oppose the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio ; but when he
charges me with doing such an unjust thing I
want the House to see the difference between
the two propositions that they are to vote upon.
If they want to take a large portion of the rents
now impounded in court they will vote for his
proposition ; but if they think the Government
should have all the rents down to the time the
bill is passed they will adopt my amendment.
That is all. I am not here to advocate my
amendment, but simply to state it and let it be
voted upon, because I told Mr. Duncan in a
conversation I had with him that I would not
debate the question.
Mr. MAYNAKD. If the gentleman from
Ohio 
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. I propose to make
my statement. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has too much intelligence and knowledge
of law to undertake to justify this amendment,
and his own sense of justice impels him to say
here that he does not seek to justify but only
to explain it. Now, it happens that although
the gentleman's motives are perfectly good it
was once uppn a time ruled in the Supreme
Court, in an opinion delivered by the late Chief
Justice, that the enactors of laws could not give
interpretation to their own enactment by what
was said in debate in the legislative body; that
the law was to be construed by its own words,
and not by the explanation which gentlemen
make as to their purpose in introducing or sup-
porting a bill. Mr. Speaker, what I say now
is this: that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is not limited to
moneys impounded in court. It is not limited
to the rents and issues of the property since
the seizure in 1863. On the contrary, it em-
ploys words that exclude any such conclusion,
and declares expressly on its face that Mr.
Duncan shall take no benefit under this act
until he shall first release all claim for rents or
use of said properly prior to the passage of this
act.
Mr. Speaker, this property was used and
rents were accruing from it for years before
the seizure by the Government, and no one
knows better than the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that your seizure never touched the
prior rents, nor did your decree. I said yes-
terday a word that 1 now repeat, that we are
seeking to limit the further holding of this
property by an act of the court which was a
total mistake of law, being unauthorized by
any law of the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; 1 do not. I
appeal to the sense of justice of this House to
hear me make good my remark of yesterday.
] said then that 1 intended to cast no reflec-
tion upon the district judge who pronounced
this decision, for 1 know enough of Ins many
decisions during the progress of the rebellion
to believe that he is both a learned and faith-
ful judge and intended to do his duty. But I
think m this ease he has made a manifest mis-
take. I have read with care his letter attempt-
ing to explain the reasons for his decree, and
yet I cannot see that there is colorable excuse
for the assertion that he had any authority
under the law for pronouncing any such de-
cree, The whole proceeding—and I use the
words of Judge Ballard himself, as recorded
in his own official letter lying on the table—
was had under the act of the 17th of July,
18G2, which authorized the seizure and con-
demnation to the use of this Government of
the property of all persons who engaged or
participated in rebellion after the passage of
the act. That act expressly declares that upon
the seizure, in order to appropriate the prop-
erty to the Government, the court shall decree
its sale ; and, in order that the property and
the parties might not be mistaken, the act
itself further provides that the court making
the decree shall make such orders, if the estate
be realty, as shall vest in the purchaser under
the sale a good and valid title to the property.
Now, the word I desire to drop into the minds
of gentlemen here is this: that by the funda-
mental law of the laud, by the Constitution of
your country, private property is not to be
taken for public use—that i3 to say, for the
benefit of the Treasury of the United States—
without compensation. Next, that in order to
take it under the war power of this Govern-
ment a rebellion must exist. The limitation
of the Constitution in the presence of armed
rebellion is silent. Your general and unlim-
ited power in war must be in exercise as it was
when the act of July 17, 1862, was passed. I
supported the law then, and I support it now
as constitutional. I desire farther to remark
that when this power in your court to appro-
priate private property to public use without
compensation vests only by virtue of a statute
of the law-making power, the court acting
under that statute is a court of special and
limited jurisdiction, and it must pursue the
statute strictly or its whole proceeding is void.
If there be a gentleman here who can find a
single authority fit to be considered in this
House contravening this utterance I will thank
him to rise in his place and refer to it. Mr.
Speaker, it is a principle of universal accepta-
tion wherever the common law obtains that
where power is vested in a tribunal only by
statute authorizing a procedure contrary to
the common law, or a procedure contrary to
the express letter of the fundamental law, the
court is, in the exercise of that power, a court
of statutory and limited jurisdiction, and must
pursue the statute or its proceedings are void.
Now, this statute required an order of sale to
vest this property in the purchaser under the
Government, and it was not made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman if
his question was a question inviting discussion,
or whether it was a mere figure of rhetoric?
Because if he invites discussion I will attempt
to answer him.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman can point
me to an authority which contravenes my prop-
osition 1 invited him to do it. That was all.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will cite the gentleman
to the authority of this very case, argued by the
very best legal minds in the State of Kentucky
with preparation and full discussion again and
again, and decided by one of the best jurists
not only m Kentucky, but in the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have spoken kindly of
the jurist. It has happened to a great many
eminent judges to make mistakes. But when
I speak of authorities the gentleman knows
just as well as I do that I do not speak of the
case that is challenged and which is an excep-
tion, I undertake to say, to all the rulings m
this country. 1 venture to say that there is
not another decree like this on the records of
our courts now, or at any time in the past.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question as to the legal effect of this
measure. I do not know that the joint reso-
lution would bear that construction; but sup-
pose the amendment offered by myself should
be voted down, or the amendment suggested
by him should be adopted, would Mr. Duncan
be at liberty then to sue in the couits of Ken-
tucky the tenants or lessees of his properly
who have paid their rent regularly to the
United States, and if these proceedings should
be decided to be illegal, collect Irom them the
rent which they have once paid ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No; he would nave no
action against those persons.
Mr. SCOFIELD. if my amendment is
adopted I suppose he would not; but would he
not without it?
