150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Duval. Dyer, Ferriss, Finkelhbnrg, Gilfillan, Haw-
kins, llawlcy, Hav, Hill, Hoar, Hopkins, Hotehkiss,
Julian, Kelsey, Knapp, Logan, Loughridse, May-
nard,MoCr;:ry,McGrew, Merour, Eliakim H.Moore,
William Moore, Negley, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine. Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Sawyer,
Scofieid, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stokes,
Stought.on. Strickland, Taffe, Tillman, Townsend,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Word, Welker, Whitte-
uiore, Wilkinson, Willard, Winans.and Witcher—67.
HOT VOTING—Messrs. Adorns. Allison, Ames,
Bennett, Bird, Boles, Roderick K. Butler. Cake,
Amasa, Cobb, Clinton t. Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cowles, Ela, Farnsworth, 1'itch, Pox, Garfield,
Greene. Hamilton, Ileaton, Alexander H. Jones,
Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, Lawrence, Lynch, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen, O'Neill. Peters, Poland, Randall,
Reading, Roots, Sanford, Sargent. Schenck. Shanks,
Sheldon, Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Tanner, Voorhees,
Wheeler, and Williams—47.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by whioh the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question on the adoption of the title.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the title was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title was adopted ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
Souse that that body had passed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 37) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers in the second
South Carolina mounted infantry;
An act (S. No. 133) to incorporate the Wash-
ington General Hospital and Asylum of the
District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 8) forthe relief
of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee lands
in Kansas; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 17) authorizing
the sale of the Chattanooga rolling-mill prop-
erty at Chattanooga, Tennessee, to the South-
western Iron Company.
grant of lands to alabama.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 11, to renew certain grants of
lands to the State of Alabama, for reference
only.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following papers ; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections :
_ Depositions in the Arkansas contested-elec-
tion case of Elliott vs. Rogers;
Answer of the sitting member in the Mis-
souri contested-election case of Shields vs.
Van Horn ;
Papers in the Kentucky contested-election
case of Barnes vs. Adams ;
Further depositions in the Arkansas con-
tested election case ot Elliott vs. Rogers ; and
Testimony in the contested election for a
seat in the Forty-First Congress from the third
congressional district of South Carolina of
Hoge vs. Heed.
REMOVAL Of POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER also laid bsfore the House
a memoiial from cei tain parties therein named
from the State of Viiginia, asking that their
political disabilities may be removed ; which
was referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tiou.
seizure of the forest queen.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in relation to the seizure ofthe steamship Forest
Queen by the United States military authorities
on the Mississippi river during the late war for
alleged violation of military orders and regu-
lations ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
retired naval officers.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a petition in reference to
retired and reserved officers of the United
States Navy ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee ou Naval Affairs.
united states courts.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 140) for an act in
addition to an act to provide for the holding
of courts of the United States in case of the
sickness or other disability of the judges of the
district courts, approved July 29, 1850; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
protection of internal commerce.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 141) to secure
and protect the freedom of transit and com-
merce within the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
committee on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to fill an
original vacancy on the Committee on Recon-
struction, his name to come in on the list next
above that of Mr. Beck, of Kentucky.
And then, on motion of Mr. LAWRENCE,
(at four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred, to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. HOPKINS: A petition of property-
holders in squares Nos. 687 and 688, Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial from the
Philadelphia Commercial Exchange, praying
Congress to take such action as will prevent
the encroachments of the sea from reaching
the light-house at Atlantic City.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of John Rhu-
bart, Philadelphia navy-yard, for a pension.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: Apetition
of the mayor and council of Atlantic City, New
Jersey, setting forth that the light-house at that
place is now in danger of being undermined
and destroyed by the encroachments of the
sea, and praying that for the benefit of com-
merce, the protection and safety of property
and life, steps may be promptly taken to pre-
vent the loss ot this light-house, the continu-
ance and preservation of which is demanded
by every consideration of public interest and
by the principles of humanity.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Mary W.
Ensminger, ot Indiana, asking for a pension.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: The petition of Bar-
bara Knerr, the widow of a revolutionary sol-
dier, for a pension.
Also, a petition for the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities of Richard D. Wills, of onelia
county, Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 19, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De Hass, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, rati-
fying the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States known as article fifteen ; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating a report of the commis-
sioners appointed under the thirteenth article
of the treaty between the United States and
the Senecas and mixed Senecas, Shawnees,
and other Indians, concluded February 23,
1867, to ascertain and report the amount of
money due by the United States to the Wyan-
dotte Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the American Atlantic Telegraph Company of
New York, remonstiating against the exten-
sion of any franchises to any foreign companies
for telegraph purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, praying for the re-
moval ofthe Baltimoreand Washington railroad
depot; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the petition of the
administrator of Jame3 Gould, deceased, father
of Charles M. V. Gould, deceased, late private
company A, third West Virginia volunteers,
praying the payment of $100 bounty due the
father of deceased soldier; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
A. D. L. Payne, of Marietta, Ohio, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Ra-
chael Millican, of Ohio, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was«eferred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for an amendment to the pen-
sion laws so as to allow pensions to the legal
representatives of soldiers who died at home
during their veteran furlough ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTONpresented the petition of John
Hegeman, praying compensation for the use by
the United States Army of his improvement
on pontoon boats ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petitions of
Henry R. Bell, of' Pexas ; W. G. Vaughan, of
Mississippi; P. M. Russell, of Georgia ; P. B.
Crovvan, G. H. Sonshall, J. A. Wallace, James
A. Coleman, and A. D. Lockett, of Virginia;
H. C. Eustis, of Mississippi; George H. Les-
ter, of Georgia; and James T. Johnson, of
Virginia, praying for the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities ; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petitions
of W. L. Goggin, of Virginia; George W. G.
Browne, of Texas ; Charles H. Huff, Thomas
W. Winn, and E nos H. Barnes, of Virginia,
praying to be relieved from their political dis-
abilities ; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. PRATT. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate Senate bill No. 279 of
the second session of the last Congress, for the
relief of William Henry Otis, and all the papers
connected therewith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that by the usage of the Senate all
bills which have died are not withdiawn; but
the accompanying papers will be withdrawn
and referred to the committee.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the
petition and papers in the case of the heirs of Wil-
liam B. Lewis from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That the William James have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
