1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
keports 01' committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 11) extending the time
to construct a railroad from the Saint Croix
river or lake to the west end of Lake Superior
and to Bayfield, reported it with amendments.
He also, from tbe same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 6)
enabling actual settlers to purchase certain
lands obtained of the Cherokee Indians, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
19) enabling actual settlers to purchase certain
lands of the Great and Little Osage Indians,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 167)
amendatory of an act. to protect the rights
of actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United States, approved July 27, 1868, and for
other purposes; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
isabella c. youngs.
Mr. WILLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the petition of Isabella C.
Youngs, wife ofTheophilus Youngs, to report
a bill for her relief; and if I may so far claim
the indulgence of the Senate I will ask that
the bill be put upon its passage now.
Tbe bill (S. No. 1(56) for the relief of Isa-
bella C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus Youngs,
was read the first time, and passed to a second
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be considered now.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear it read in
full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
in full, after which the Chair will ask for ob-
jections, if there be any.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. The pre-
amble recites that letters-patent were on the20ih
of May, 18")G, issued to James M. Miller for an
'■improvement in surface condensers for steam
engines;" and that the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, on the 4th of January,
1800, ordered, adjudged, and decreed that all
his right, title, and interest in and to the inven-
tion and letters-patent so granted should be
transferred to and vested in J sabella C. Youngs
in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner to
all intents and purposes as the same were then
held or enjoyed by him. Tbe bill therefore
authorizes tbe Commissioner of Patents, upon
due application made to him by Isabella C.
Youngs, her heirs or assigns, to extend and
renew in the name of Isabella C. Youngs, her
heirs or assigns, the patent of James M. Miller,
No. 1-1923, for an "improvement in surface
condensers for steam engines," for and during
seven years from and after the 20th of May,
1870, for the use and benefit of Isabella C.
Youngs, her heirs and assigns, upon the same
principle and evidence as if the application
were made by the oiiginal patentee.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report read.
Mr. WILLEY. There is no written report
accompanying tbe bill; but lean state in a
moment what it is. The lady making applica-
tion for this relief was divoiced by a decree of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
from her husband, and in making provision
for her alimony this patent was assigned to
her in her own individual right. It will expire
in May, 1870. If there had been no divorce
her husband would have had a right under the
law to make application during the time pre-
scribed by law before the Commissioner; but
having been assigned to her in her own right
as alimony, she cannot, under existing law,
make that application which her husband would
have made if no divorce had'taken place- It is
simply to place her instead and substitute her
to tbe lights ot her husband as if there had
been no divorce. It extends no right at all
that would not have existed if a divorce had
not taken place. The patent being assigned to
her as her separate estate, as alimony, the
committee thought it altogether proper that
she should have the right to make application
for the extension of the patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 146) relating to the Freedmen's
Bureau, to report it back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it pass ; and
as it contains but a single section of a very few
lines, and has once before passed the Senate,
I ask unanimous consent to put it on its pas-
sage now.
There being no objection, tiie Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the second sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act relating to the
Freedmen's Bureau and providing for its dis-
continuance," passed on the 25t.h day of July,
1868, shall be so construed that the educational
department of the bureau and the collection
and payment by the Commissioner of the bu-
reau of moneys due to colored soldiers, sailors,
and marines, or their heirs, shall be continued
until the 1st day of January, 1871.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
168) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Lincoln, in the State of
Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Territory;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
169) to regulate the construction of bridges
over the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DRAKE. While I am up I will ask to
have an amendment printed to the bill tS. No.
41) to amend the judicial system of the United
States, that is to come up hereafter.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
170) for the relief of William Henry Otis;
which was read twice by its title," and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 171) to encourage the building of steam-
ships in the United States and to provide for
the transportation of the United States mails
to Europe by steamships built in the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
172j to establish the office of associate judge
for the eastern district of Texas; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 17."!) granting lands to the States of Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota to aid in the
construction of certain railroads ; -which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
pay op messengers.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the extra messengers of the Senate
be paid their respective salaries during the recess
from July 27 to September 25,1868, it being the same
period for which the clerks of committees have al-
ready received compensation.
new orleans marine hospital.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
diieeted to transmit to the Senate any information
in hie possession regarding the present condition,
including the original cost and present value, oi' the
marine hospital at New Orleans.
private bill day.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the order intro-
duced by me yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to proceed to the considera-
tion of the resolution offered by him yesterday,
which will be read.
Tbe Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That until otherwise provided the session
on each Friday, after the morning hour, shall be set
apart for the consideration of bills and joint resolu-
tions from the Committees on Claims, Patents, Pen-
sion's, Private Land Claims, and the District of
Columbia, which shall severally be considered, un-
less otherwise directed, in the order in which they
stand upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to proceed to the consideration of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that that is not
to be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at this session.
Mr. HO AVE. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If such a resolution as
that be adopted, it is very manifest that we are
going to proceed to general legislation on sub-
jects of private claims and everything else at
the present session of Congress. I thought it
was well understood that the session was to be
confined to a few subjects which were thought
to be of pressing importance, and that we
should bring the session to a close as soon as
they could be disposed of. Ihopo myself that
we may be able, if not to concur in the House
resolution on that subject, to adopt a resolu-
tion to adjourn at a very early day.
Mr. GRIMES. This is in the nature of a
rule for all sessions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is for this
session.
Mr. HOWE. For all sessions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator intends it
to apply to the present session, as 1 understand
it. I do not wish to object to taking it up;
but I object to the merits of the resolution,
and I hope the Senate will not proceed to take
up time with it.
Mr. TIOWE. The Senator does not object
to its being taken up, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a division, and I have
one word to say. I merely ask the Senate to
take the order up. If it is the judgment of the
Senate that the order should not take effect at
the present session let them say so by an amend
ment, and that will relievo these several com-
mittees from any obligation to struggle for the
floor; but at present—I know it is the case
with the Committee on Claims, and 1 think
there is abundant, evidence that it is the case
! wiih the other committees mentioned in the
I order—they are pi essed with business, and they
J have no excuse for not making reports, and,
| making reports, they have no excuse to offer
I for not asking the consideration of the Senate
1 to those reports. Now, if it is the judgment
of the Senate that no bills reported from any
of these committees shall be considered at tfte
present session, let them say so by an amend-
ment of this order, to make it take effect here-
atter, and the committees will be relieved from
all responsibility.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
