1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
COMMITTEE ON RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the concurrent resolution
relative to the raising of a joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as lollops:
That the Senate recede from its amendments to
said resolution and agreo to thesamewith an amend-
ment as follows: in lino four strike out the word
" seven" and insert tlie word ' fiveso as to make
the resolution read :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, consisting of four members of the
Senate and live members of the House, be appointed
by the Presiding Officers of the two Houses, with the
same powers and duties as wore conferred upon the
select Committee 011 Retrenchment of the Thirty-
Ninth and Fortieth Congresses, and to whom all
matters yet remaining undisposed of which were
referred to the Committee on Iletienchinent of the
Fortieth Congress shall be referred.
J. W. PATTERSON,
J. W. GRTMES,
K. CAS.-EllbY,
0 Managers on the part of the Senate.
M. WELKER.
T. A. JE.NCKES.
W. E. NIDLAOK,
Mannffers on the part of tlie House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The adoption of
this report will require unanimous consent, as
it devolves a duty on the Presiding Officer
which can only be devolved by unanimous
consent.
The report was concurred ill unanimously.
BRITISH STEAM IS It LA lit! AN.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 84.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 8-1) to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
in the case of the British steamer Labnan. It
proposes to pay to William Bailey, William
J.eelham, and .John Leetham, of England, or
their legal representatives, owners of the Brit-
ish steamer Labnan, 8131,221 30, with interest
from June 2, 1802, to the time of payment, and
$5,000 without interest; also, to Messrs. De
Jersey & Company, of England, or their legal
representatives, part owners of the cargo of
the same steamer, §3,013 92, with interest
irom May 21, 18G2, to the time ot payment;
and to Francisco Amendiaz, of Matamoras,
Mexico, or his legal representatives, part
owner of the cargo of the same steamer,
$2,007 17, with interest from June 0, 1802, to
the time of payment; these sums being due
under a decree of the dUtiict couit of the
United States for the southern distiict of New
York, pronounced March 25, 1808. 011 account
of the illegal capture of the British steamer
Labium and her cargo by a cruiser of the United
States.
Mr. STEWART. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill.
Mr. SUMNER The Senator can assign
his reasons. The bill is before the Senate for
consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I understand this is to
pay for a British vessel.
ilr. SUMNER. It isadecree of one of our
own courts. It has been adjudicated; it is-res
adjudieata.
Mr. CONIvLING. It simply carries out the
judgment of a court.
Air. STEWART. 1 would absolutely refuse,
if 1 had power to do so, to carry out the decree
of any court for the payment ot British claims.
My objection is that it is a decree to pay Brit-
ish subjects for thecapture of theii ships during
the rebellion. I do not believe in paying those
at ad until we settle with Great Britain.
Whether they aie just, or unjust, 1 believe
they should be settled at the time we have a
general settlement. I am opposed to paying
them at all at this time. I should like to hear
from the chairman of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The case is very plain. A
British ship was wrongfully seized by one of
our cruisers ; then there was an appeal, and
the condemnation was set aside, and the court
made a decree against the United States, and
we are simply carrying into execution the de-
cree of the court. The case is not one that
comes under any treaty stipulation, or that can
hereafter be provided for by a treaty. It stands
by itself on a decree of the court. It is res
adjudieata; there is no question about it.
Mr. STEWART. I am at some loss to see
how a British ship during the rebellion could be
wrongfully seized. That is the point with me.
They were making open and flagrant war upon
us, and I suppose it was because of our situ-
ation at that time that we did not retaliate.
They were fitting out ships and destroying our
commerce. I do not propose to retry the
cause; but I propose to question the judg-
ment of any court which says that it was illegal
at that time for us to seize a British ship. I
undertake to say that while they were destroy-
ing our shipping it was perfectly legal aud
proper for us to destroy British shipping any-
where that we could find it, and to send out
our privateers for that purpose. We refrained
from it as a matter of policy, because we were
unable to retaliate for the wrongs they were
committing ; but it seems to me very improper
to commence paying for these things now until
we shall havea settlement with Great Britain
for the Alabama claims and for the damages
really committed by the British Government.
It seems to me entirely out of place to pay
these claims at this time while negotiations on
that subject are pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am rather surprised
at the doctrine enunciated by my honorable
friend from Nevada. We were not in a state
of war with Great Britain, nor did Great Britain
send out her cruisers to prey upon our com-
merce. If so, we should have been in a state
of war. Whatever injuries may have been
committed by individual citizens of that coun-
try are matters of settlement between the two
Governments.
While we were at war with a portion of our
own fellow-citizens certain British ships, pur-
suing a lawful commerce under British colors,
were seized by our cruisers, taken before our
own courts for adjudication, and our own courts
have decided that those seizures were wrong-
ful, without authority of law, without cause,
and they have ordered restitution^ That is
simply the fact with regard to it. Now, to say
that we will not pay the sums ad judicated by
our own courts to be due, 011 the ground that
we had committed a wiong, because ceitain
wrongs committed on our commerce through
the instiumeutahty of pnvate cit'zens of that
Govei nuu-nt remain unredressed, is to assume
a giound that is not tenable either in law orin
equity, nor in my humble opinion is it consist-
ent, with national honor or national obligation.
We put ourselves, or endeavor to put our-
selves, on high ground. We say that in all
cases we deal justly and honorably with other
nations and mean to do so. While we say that,
we say also that we mean to demand repara-
tion for wrongs done to us. We are demand
nig reparation of the British Government for
wrongs done by individual citizens of that
Government, in consequence, as we say, of a
neglect of duty 011 the part of the Government
itself. That is one question. It has not been
adjudicated nor agreed upon. There is 110
judgment of any court and no compact as yet
upon the subject. It remains open ; it may re-
main open for many years. On the other hand
there a're innocent citizens of that friendly
Power—friendly 1 mean iu the eye ot the law—
against whose property we have committed
trespasses, whose property we have taken for
alleged wrongs. We have taken, as 1 said be-
fore, that property into our own courts, under
our own jurisdiction, and our own courts have
decided that we have done wrong, and have
fixed the sum that we should pay as reparation.
Now, sir, I hold that we. cannot justify a re-
fusal to do right in these cases, perfectly well
known and understood, and recognized by the
laws of nations and the laws of all civilized
people. It is not consistent, with our honor
or with honesty to lefase to make u proper
reparation, trader such circumstances, simply
because -we have an unsettled question with the
Government of which those people are citizens
or subjects until those unsettled questions shall
be adjudicated. I do not hold to the doctrine
of niy honorable friend, and I hope it will never
be recognized by the Senate of the United
States, but that we shall pass these private
bills, and, so far as we are concerned, do that
which is right.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
think we are under any obligations, either
through our courts or through'Congress, to
pay these claims until we have a settlement
with Groat Biitain. It is true the subjects of
Great Britain have claims against us, and we
have claims against that Government. We
think our claims are equally just, and until
there is a settlement and they shall all be set-
tled I do not believe we are under any obliga-
tion to tliem. The action of the courts is pred-
icated upon a state of peace. It is predicated
upon the assumption that there are no questions
of dispute pending between Great Britain and
the United States. It is predicated upon legis-
lative action, had long before the war, providing
how these claims should be adjusted, providing
for their examination primarily in the courts
with jurisdiction to try and ascertain the facts.
They have ascertained that there is so much
due. Now the political department, Congress,
is called upon to make an appropriation to pay
them. I say the time of making that payment,
the time of passing any bill to make that pay-
ment, is a matter that Congress may properly
consider.
That these claims should never be paid I do
not pretend to say ; but I say that the present
is a very inappropriate time to press their pay-
ment, while our claims upon Great Britain
remain unadjusted. There are a great number
of our citizens who are kept out of their hon-
est dues by the action or non-action of the
British Govei nment; in the first place, by its
action in recognizing the confederate States as
a belligerent. That led to most of the diffi-
culties. Then, subsequently, our citizens suf-
fered from their action in winking at the Ala-
bama and other ships leaving their ports to
prey upon our commerce. They take their good
time to give us reparation, and I think it is 110
more than right and just that Congress should
take its good time to consider these private
claims of British subjects. I do not suppose
there is any American who thinks it would
have been unjust or ungenerous for us at the
time the depredations were being committed
upon us to letaliate. We were undoubtedly in
a position where it might have been unwise,
wheie it might have been impossible for us to
assert our rights.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would have been
war.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly it would; but
as it was, the war was all carried 011 on one
side. The cruelty of this action on the part
of Great Britain is fully realized by the Ameri-
can people. They understand that their just
claims are deferred; and I believe that it is
our duty to consider and take our proper time
for paying ary claims for ships destroyed be-
longing to subjects of that Government. They
drove our commerce entirely from the seas,
and even after the close of the war they gave
shelter to one of the worst pirates that ever
disgraced civilization. I allude to the pirate
Wardell.who destroyed a whole fleet ol'whuiing
! vessels in the Pacific, when he had in his hands
! papers which announced the surrender of Lee
and Johnston told the close of the rebellion.
He wantonly, w^Jiout any cause whatever,
burnt and made thePacific lurid with theflames
of the ships of honest whalemen. I his same
Wardeil escaped to England.
TENUKE-OF-Ol'l'ICE I/AW.
,, The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
;i Nevada will suspend his remarks, ihcinorn-
I s ing hour having expired, the Senate resumes^
'! as in Committee ot the Whole, the coi)^i<3et\t-
II tioa of the hill (H. B>. No. 3) to repeal au act
