154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
the pending question being on the amendment
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer,] and upon which the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I stated when
I rose yesterday that I did not propose to dis-
cuss the constitutional questions which were
involved in the passage of the tenure-of-office
bill. I do propose, however, very briefly to state
the three grounds that have been taken upon
the question of the power to make removals
from office, and then to look at the position in
which the administration of this Government
will be placed in view of the adoption of one
of those grounds in the practice of the Govern-
ment by the action of Congress. The three
grounds taken are: first, that the President has
the absolute power of removal from office, in-
dependent of Congress or of the Senate ; sec-
ond, that this power of removal is vested in the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, independent of Congress ; and
third, that the subject of removals from office
is within the power of Congress, and may be
rt-gulated by legislation.
1 am aware of the broad field which these
three propositions open up, but I will not enter
it, as I have already stated. The discussions
have already made the public mind so familiar
with it that it is not necessary for the enlight-
enment of the people that those discussions
should be reiterated here. But, sir, after these
questions have been before the country since
the organization of the Government, and after
a crisis arose in the history of the Government
which rendered it absolutely necessary for Con-
gress to act upon the subject, the third theory
which I have stated was adopted, and has been
acted upon. How was it adopted? That third
theory of the Constitution, that Congress has
the power of legislation upon the subject of
removals, is the very life and spirit of the
tenure-of-ofiice bill. The first section of the
teuure-of-office bill is an explicit assertion that
the President has not the power of removal
from office where the incumbent has been
appointed by and with the advice and consent
ot the Setiate. The second section of the ten-
ure-of-office bill, acting upon the denial of the
power of the President in the first, grants to
him the power^ to suspend for enumerated
causes, incapacity, crime, disqualification, or
misconduct. All the remaining sections of the
bill simply provide for contingencies and penal-
ties.
That bill was passed after one of the most
earnest and protracted discussions that ever
took place ill the history of this country over
any constitutional question. It not only passed
in the ordinary form of legislation, but after it
had passed and after it had encountered the
veto of the Executive, and after that veto had
laid before the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment every reason that could be urged
against the legislative power to regulate remo-
vals, the power was again affirmed by more than
a two-thirds vote in each House of Congress.
After its enactment the House of Representa-
tives, whose voice on this subject is now in-
voked in this Chamber to some extent, that
House being nearest to the will of the people,
again affirmed the power in presenting to this
body as a court eleven articles of impeachment,
eight of which were loundetl upon this very
tenure-of-office act. Bight of those articles
being founded upon that act, that trial pro-
gressed upon those articles, attracting the at-
tention not only of this land, but of the civilized
world. I he vote of the Senate upon the trial
of that impeachment was an affirmance by a
very Jarge majority of the doctrine that the
J resident has not the right of removal from
office under the Constitution. More than that
sir, after that impeachment trial, founded upon
this tenure-of-ofiice law, had closed; the two
great parties of this country went before the
people, the one distinctly affirming in its plat-
form of principles that the legislation of Con-
gress, including the tenure-of-office aet and
including the impeachment trial based upon it,
was right, and the other attacking it as a usurp-
ation of power, declaring that Congress was
seeking to draw to itself the powers of all the
other departments of Government. That man
now at the head of the Government—and I am
not going to stop here to eulogize him, but of
whom I may say, without undertaking a eulogy,
that thus far duplicity has never been developed
as an element in his character—went before the
country upon the doctrine announced in one
of those party platforms ; and after again the
full discussion of this question, entering as an
element into the judgment to be rendered by
the people, we have the verdict of the people,
if it is worth anything in discussing a constitu-
tional question, that the power of Congress
was properly exercised.
Now, sir, in view of all this, what is pro-
posed? We have it first established that the
Constitution does not vest in the President the
power of removal from office, and we come
into power proposing to obey the Constitution
in letter and in spirit. If we are earnest in
this, then we believe that outside of the tenure-
of-office act and of the other acts regulating
the Departments which confer the power of
removal, there is no authority vested in the
President of the United States to remove an
officer appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate during the recess of the
Senate, and affirming that doctiine, the prop-
osition now before us is, first, by the House
bill to repeal the tenure-of-office act; and sec-
ond, by the amendment of the Committee on
the judiciary to suspend the tenure-of-office act
until the next session; and there is another
amendment, the effect of which, as I did not
hear it distinctly, I am not able to state.
Now I propose, as I have stated, to call at-
tention to the condition in which we shall be
placed by adopting either of these measures.
Suppose we repeal the act, where then are we 1
We are before the country with the express
declaration that the President has not the power
of removal during the recess. We are then
thrown back on the laws which have been
passed permitting the President in certain in-
stances to remove from office. Would they
permit him to carry on the administration of
the Government and remove unfaithful or dis-
qualified officers if he should wish to exercise
that power? They might upon one construc-
tion that has been contended for here and else-
where, but they would only reach, even grant-
ing that view, certain enumerated officers in
the Departments; and upon looking at one of
the acts relied_ on for this purpose I find that
even the question of whether the President has
the power to remove under that act must give
way when we look at the matter in all its
aspects. I refer to the act of 1820, and I call
attention to it at this time for the purpose of
showing that even if there were acts of Con-
gress regulating all the departments of this
character, under their phraseology the question
would still be open as to who had the power to
remove an officer. I read the first section of
the act of the 15th of May, 1820, "to limit
the term of office of certain officers therein
named, and for other purposes:"
Thnt from and after the passage of this act all
district attorneys, collectors of customs, naval offi-
cers and surveyors ot the customs, Navy agents, re-
avers of public moneys for land3, registers of the
land oltiees, paymasters of the Army, the apothecary
general and assistant apothecaries genera!, and the
commissary general of purchases, to be appointed
under the laws of the United States, shall be ap-
pointed for the term of four years, but shall be re-
movable irom office at pleasure."
At whose pleasure? We get back to the
very question that is started under the Consti-
tution ; and the very fact that the law of 1820
conferred the power on the President to re-
move, if it does confer it, is a strong proof
that in the view of that law-maker he did not
possess it without its being conferred by Con-
gress ; and in the attempt, if there was an
attempt, to confer it the language is left so that
if the ease arose it would still be open to ques-
tion in the courts whether the power of removal
given by that act is given to the President, or
is left to the President by and with the con-
sent of the Senate. Take that one act as a
sample, and upon the very doctrine on which
we have gone to the country, upon the very
doctrine on which the present Chief Magistrate
of the United States has been elected, how-
could we say that if he found in office an ob-
noxious officer who was not provided for under
any of these acts of Congress he might remove
him? We have denied that power by this
whole legislation, by all the action of the Gov-
ernment since it was sought to be exercised in
such a manner as to require the action of the
legislative department on the question.
There, sir, is where we should be left by the
repeal of the law. Now, suppose we suspend
it, as it is proposed to do here, how much bet-
ter off are we ? In one view of this question
the tenure-of-office act is an unconstitutional
restraint of power. In the other point of view
it is an enlargement of the President's power,
and confers upon him all the power that he
has in connection with other acts of Congress
to make removals. If we suspend the law,
then, having adopted the ground that he has
not the absolute power of removal, and that
the only power he has is that which is con-
ferred by law, then, from this until the next
session, he can remove no officers except those
that he would be authorized to remove byother
laws upon the statute book. And, sir, we can-
not adopt this legislation on the ground that
we wish to give the President the power to
remove obnoxious officers. Instead of giving
him the power to remove obnoxious officers
the repeal of this law, or the suspension of it,
is taking away from him the power to remove
obnoxious officers.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
was right when he said that there is no princi-
ple involved in the repeal of this law that is not
involved in its suspension, and neither a repeal
of the law nor a suspension of it will leave the
present President to exercise the power of re-
moval for the purpose for which the country
wishes to see him have the power of removal.
It will not do it, sir. We must go further; we
must preserve the principle upon which this
law has been founded, and I trust that it will
be found in this Congress and in this Senate
that when we have obtained a principle, and
incorporated it into a law which works benefi-
cially in the country, we will not surrender it
tor any mere temporary purpose. If the prin-
ciple incorporated in the law of 1789, a princi-
ple almost as old as the law itself, that no man
shall be a judge in his own case, was a good
one, and so good that the Senate at least hesi-
tated as to whether they would strike it from
the statute-book at the request of the first man
in the nation to put into office the richest man
in the nation, I trust that they will adhere to
the principle thus acted upon in the first days
of the session and adhere to the principle that
we have obtained and established in the passage
of the tenure-of-office law.
What then, sir, should we do under the cir-
cumstances? We have affirmed the power of
legislation over the question of removal, and
the only point that is presented now is how
shall that, power be exercised. It was exer-
cised before in view of the fact that a Presi-
dent in place claimed the power of removal
and was exercising that power, as it was be-
lieved by the country, to take good men out of
office and put bad ones in. The law then was
passed—even if we say that in one aspect of it
it was an enabling act—to restrain him from
doing that mischief, iro.n putting outgoodmen
and putting in bad ones. Now, sir, we are
brought to a different state of affairs. We are
not brought to surrender the principle, but we
are brought to exercise the principle according
to the circumstances in which we find ourselves.
We have now in the presidential chair a man
who, as I understand it, does not claim the
power of removal, and a man who, as we be-
lieve, if we confer it upon him, will exercise it
only to remove bad men and put good ones in.
If that be true, and we exercise our function
by giving him the power, we save the principle
