158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 19,
by vhich and through which your northern
country was developed through its railroads
and internal improvements. Added to that
was the immigration induced by that circum-
stance. I remember from my father the con-
dition in which the section from which I come
was prior to the development and increase of
the results of slavery. I admit that politicians
and the legal profession had everything to do
with both; butl cannot commend a policy that
creates two great powers simply for their mutual
destruction. If there is any merit in it it does
not belong to my vision to see it.
In my judgment—and it is in the perform-
ance of a conscientious duty that I raise the
question—the subversion of this Government
i& in" consequence more of the position and
attitude and construction of this body than any-
thing else. I do not believe that the President,
coming from a great people, will permit himself
to be embarrassed by a body thus constituted,
a body without responsibility oraccountability,
while he is responsible and accountable for the
faithful execution of the laws. How can he
be accountable and responsible for the faithful
execution of the laws without (he free choice
of agents todo it, and beinguntrammeled either
in their removal or otherwise?
We have been reminded through those who
study history of the condition of a nation pow-
erful to-day, civilized and reiined beyond any
nation, whose people were persecuted, tyran-
nized, destroyed, by a constituted assembly,
throughitsagents, its triumvirate, anditsdirect-
ory ; a,nd this body thus limited may as well
be warned here to-day, and in time, of what
even a people whom you propose to represent,
and try to represent, may demand at the hands
of an Executive. It is in the discharge of a
duty higher than any I owe anywhere else that
I warn you in time for a step different from that
which, from the evidence before me, I am sorry
to feel you are about to take. Sir, I believe
it is time for plain talk. I will not consent that
the people of this country shall be blinded as
to the exact condition of things here or else-
where, if I know, for one, how to place it before
them.
Sir, the position in which, so far as I am a
judge, the people of the North were placed at
the beginning of the late war was disgraceful
to all legislation of the past. Did you who now
sit in your seats tell us that this war was im-
pending ? Did you ever tell us that we were
at any time oil the brink of a fearful convul-
sion? We rushed into that war without dis-
cipline, without preparation, without knowl-
edge of the impending catastrophe. Is it fair,
is it just, is it generous, that that policy shall
be pursued hereafter? Such, sir, was my
knowledge of it. Nobody ever told me, or those
whom 1 now represeut, of the ruin that four
short years brought upon us.
It has been a difficult thing for me to under-
stand the course of legislation here. I think
£ have solved the difficulty. I think I under-
stand the influences out of which have ema-
nated laws which have governed the country,
and I am not at all surprised at the condi-
tion the country is in, considering the power,
the education, the experience, and the knowl-
edge that have been concentrated here to give
good legislation, wise laws, and proper policy
10 the people of the country.
_ Sir, all have studied the results of the inqui-
sition, commencing with the fourth century
and ending in this. Obnoxious and cruel as
the result ot that action suggests itself to every
man s mind I do not believe that its action
caused more anxiety, more trouble, more ter-
ror than the acts ot Congress applied to the
people during the war, both North and South,
and since the war has ended ; for if there was
any tyranny ever exercised, either by one man
or by a set of men, aiming at a given purpose,
that tyranny was exhibited over the people of
this country, South and North, in the exac-
tions made upon them while the war was press-
ing and since then in the adjustment ol their
material interests. The troubles, the anxieties,
and the uneeitaiuues wliic.. have operated
upon the minds of business men and their fam-
ilies have been unknown in the history of any
other nation that has ever existed.
I am warranted in my view as to the ineffi-
ciency of this body and of the other House
both in giving beneficial legislation to the coun-
try and in passing upon those persons who are
suitable for the offices of the country. Every
discriminating and fair-minded man will bear
me out in this assertion: I know of no instance
where men educated in the profession and
practice of those to whom I have referred
have entered into the practical business of life
and have come in competition with the people
with the experience and the practice and the
education which possesses them, where not
only property, but reputation and honor have
not been lost. Such is the character of those
as individuals who come up here to legislate
for a great people and to be the receptacle of
its honors, its prerogatives, and its emolu-
ments.
Mr. President, the fact is that legislation,
so far as it has come under my observation, is
more devoted to the interests of a great party,
to perpetuate its strength and its existence,
than based on considerations of the welfare
and the interest of the people, on the ground
that this party or that party is the better one
to promote the prosperity of the people. Sir,
no party can have any consideration or any
support from me unless it is devoted to all the
interests of the people and succeeds and main-
tains its strength by giving prosperity, content-
ment, and happiness to the people. If it fails
in that, it fails in" the object for which it is
ordained or ought' to be ordained. It is not
my experience that such has been the rule of
conduct of those who have endeavored to con-
stitute either one or the other of the great par-
ties which have controlled the destinies of this
country from the beginning. You say to Grant,
'•If you will give strength to this party through
your nominations it is well; but unless you
do give strength and perpetuity to it by your
acts it is not well; we will hold this act above
you, and unless you are true to the party that
elected you we will let this little instrument
drop down upon you to control your future
operations.''
To my mind—and it is the great argument
used here—legislation toward affecting the in-
terests ot the future is egotistical, presump-
tuous, and ineffectual. The wisdom of the
future will be sufficient for the future. The
seeds of immorality and vice that have de-
stroyed all ancieut States have been sown by
those who arrogated to themselves that pre-
rogative long anterior to the catastrophe. Let
this be a warning to the imperfect vision and
blindness that, is inherent iu all human calcula-
tions. Our duty is to take care of the hour
and tlie^ day that is upon us. When we go
beyond it we take into our hands the preroga-
tive of the God who gave us being, and who
punisnes all who infringe on His power with a
terrible vengeance.
It is contended here and elsewhere that, as
the result of our war, the power of the States
was neutralized and checked, and it. is asserted
that that check was salutary and proper. What
is the spectacle that presents itself by those
who advocate the continuance of this power?
Are not the States represented here by their
Senators, and is there not an effort made to
clothe the States, through their Senators, with
power that they never before ex .rcised ? By
that admission it must be conclusive to every
mind that upon that as a basis your war has
proved an utter failure, for you contend here
to absorb the power which you tell the country
you have crushed.
If I had no other reason for an entire cancel-
lation of this pernicious and obnoxious meas-
ure, the fact that there are in this country five
hundred thousand men and women applicants
or anxious as to the offices that are to be dis-
tributed through the Executive or through his
Cabinet or otherwise, the very fact of the exist-
ence of that sttUe of things indicates conclu-
sively to ever} mind Ikat there will be large
numbers of those unfit and unworthy of filling
those places, and without supreme power in
reference to their removal the Government of
this country cannot be wisely, judiciously, or
properly administered.
And here I will say that it is not the greed
for office entirely that prompts the American
people to seek a livelihood at the hands of the
General Government. Had your laws been
wise, or had they never been, that large army
of applicants would have been contented with
profitable occupation at their homes. Instead
of that pride iu their natural avocations they
come to this point where they see are built up
powerful monopolies, money flowing out like
water; and they come here as the mine from
whence come all the living and all the wealth,
in fact, of the nation. That very fact would
conclude me to vote against the suspension of
this law.
I do not know how other men feel; but for
myself, sir, if it is a question of tyranny, I
prefer the tyranny of one man to that of a
collective body of men ; and in my judgment
such would be the testimony of those who have
suffered both. If we must have one, give me
the tyranny of one man who has some human-
ity in him, who has some accountability and
responsibility in him, rather than the tyranny
of a body without responsibility and without
accountability.
Mr. President, it is a new principle, grown
up in the last two hundred years, brought about
in practical operation on this continent and
under the American system, that is to be ex-
amined critically as to the powers with which
it should be clothed ; and it is under the guise
of education and of development of mind in
the higher arts that the American people as
well as the people of the world have to look
with suspicion as to the powers with which
they shall hereafter be clothed. When they
examine into the construction of this limited
body of sixty-six members, having power over
all treaties, having in sympathy, in common
with the House of Representatives, complete
jurisdiction and power over all legislation, and
to-day exercising an entire control over both
appointments and removals from office, they
may well look with suspicion upon a body thus
constituted with the supreme powers that I
have stated. For one, looking upon the Gov-
ernment as I do and as it really is, I would
not trust this body, or any other constituted
even differently than this which I have elim-
inated, with the power, supreme and dictatorial,
that it has in fact, looking to the liberties ot-
to the advantage of the people. There is no
body that pretends to have this power that is
limited in numbers like ours. There is not
and never was a body controlled by one ele
ment as both Houses of Congress are to-day
controlled-. You fight against titles and aris-
tocracies. There never were titles and an",
tocracies that exercised the complete power
and jurisdiction over everything that con-
cerned a people that is concentrated iu this
body to-day.
Such, sir, is my judgment of this matter;
and it is deeper, it goes lower than any of the
positions that are taken upon this measure,
in my judgment it displaces them all. I base
my judgment and whatever of argument, I have
been able to elucidate upon the simple ground
that this body, on account of its being thus
constituted, is not a suitable body to check the
power of the Executive, or even to exercise
one half the power that the Constitution gives
it; and unless there are some corrective meas-
ures somewhere there will be a demand, Con-
stitution or no Constitution, by the interests
of a great people that it shall be displaced;
and you put not only a power but a necessity in
the hands of the Executive, that you compel
him to exercise in the interest of those whom
he directly represents, the longer and the more
tenaciously you hold to this most unfortunate
power obtained as you have obtained it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I did not intend,
and [ do not now intend, to take part in the
gr.neial discussion of this bill; and yet lam
