162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
gress to pass tbe law under the limitations of
the Federal Constitution has, unfortunately,
never been brought directly to the test of a
judicial arbitration. It is greatly to be re-
gretted, in my opinion, that during the past
two years no case could have been made up
to bring it before a tribunal competent for its
decision. I believe that the late incumbent of
the presidential office made the effort, I think
in the case of General Thomas; but there the
mere chicanery of party, in the persou of a
judicial officer of this District, prevented the
test from being made. I regard that ot'itself
as being unfortunate. I believe this law to be
without constitutional warrant. I do not con-
ceive it to be a constitutional act. The ques-
tion, as has been said here 111 debate, is one
of construction. It was early considered and
it was gravely considered at the time of the
organization of our Government under the
present Constitution, and it then was decided,
and the decision reached in 1789 remained the
law of this land until the passage of the act in
question in March, 1867. To me the decision
reached in 1789 by the Congress of the United
States is sustained by reason as well as author-
ity, that the power of removal of an officer is
essentially and solely an executive power, un-
shared by tlie Senate of the United States.
This question, as is the case with most gravely
contested questions, has had authorities of high
and respectable character arrayed on both
sides, but there can be no doubt that the weight
of authority up to the present time is decidedly
in favor of the construction that I have as-
sumed, to wit, that the power of removal is
solely an executive power and is not shared by
the Senate.
I do not propose to fatigue the Senate by
discusaingthis question, which has been already
so1 frequently considered herein tny absence
that there would be no useful result m contin-
uing it, but I would like to recall the names
of those distinguished men whose clear enun-
ciation of the principle that I have spoken of
has given and ought to give strength and weight
to any decision at which they anived. Among
those men who in Congress voted to sustain
this construction ol the Constitution we litid
the names of Fisher Ames, Theodore Sedg-
wick, Benjamin Goodhue, and Caleb Strong,
of Massachusetts; John Laurance and Egbert
Benson, of New York) Elias Boudinot, Wil-
liam Patevson, and Jonathan Elmer, of New
Jersey; GeorgeClymer,ThomasFitzsimiuotis,
and Robert Morris, of Pennsylvania; John
Vining, of Delaware; Charles Carroll, of Mary-
land; James Madison, of Virginia; Daniel
Huger, of South Carolina ; and Abraham Bald-
win, of Georgia. All of these men, ui the First
Congress, many of whom were signers of that
Constitution, adopted the construction that. 1
have given. Now, let me add to this list the
name of Chancellor Kent. In preparing his
commentaries upon American law undoubtedly
he had access to the best authorities known to
him—and to no one were they better known—
and I should like to read to the Senate Ins
statement of where this power resides, for it
strikes me the question is an enormously im-
portant one, and a man cannot exercise his
powers of mind and heart upon a greater and
more important subject. He says of the decis-
ion of Congress of 1789 :
amounted to a legislative construction of
the Constitution, and it has ever since been acqui-
esced m and acted upon as of decisive authority in
the case. It applies equally to every oflicer of Gov-
ernment appointed by the President and Senate
whose term of duration is not specially declared. It
is supported by the weighty reason that the subor-
dinate officers in the executive department ought to
hoid at the pleasure of the headof that department,
because he is invested generally with the executivo
authority, and every participation in that authority
by tlie feenate was an exception to a general princi-
ple, and ought to be taken strictly. The President
is the great responsible officer for tho faithful exe-
cution of the law and the power of removal was
incident:;! to that duty, and mightoften be requisite
to iuIdu it."—1 Kent's Commentaries, page 310.
Arrayed against the construction that I have
stated a few authorities have been produced,
but among those that of the great name of the
Carolina statesman, John U, Calhoun, lias
been used to enforce the view taken in this
debate by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin. He read, or there was read for him
in this body, a long extract from a speech of
Mr. Calhoun affirming the right of the Senate
to participate in the power of removal; and
here I take leave to say that there is an au-
thority I would present to the consideration
of the Senate quite equal to that which has
been used by the honorable gentleman from
Wisconsin. I propose nothing less than to let
Mr. Calhoun answer himself on this subject.
I find in the speech in the Senate made Jan-
uary 13, 1834, by Mr. Calhoun upon the re-
moval of the public deposits from the Bank
ot' the United States, at page 830 of the second
volume of his works, the following language:
" I have no doubt that the President removed the
former Secretary and placed the present in his place
expressly with a view to the removal of the deposits,
I aui equally clear, under all the circumstances of
tho case, that the President's conduct is wholly in-
defensible; and, among other objections, 1 Icur he
had in view in tlieremoval an objecteanncntly dan-
gerous and unconstitutional—to give an advantage
to his veto never intended by the Constitution, a
power intended as a shield to protect the Execu-
tive against the encroachment ot the legislative
department; to maintain the present state ot things
against dangerous or hasty innovation; butwhieii, 1
fear, is in this easo intended as a sword to deieml
the usurpation of the Executive. 1 say, I leal—lor
although the circumstances ot this case lead to a just
appxeheiision that such is tlie intention 1 will not
permit myself to assert that such is the tact—that
so lawless and unconstitutional an object is contem-
plated by the President till Ins act shall compel me
to believe to the contrary. Iiutwhile Ithuss verely
condemn the conduct of the President 111 removing
the former Secretary and appointing the present, 1
must say that m my opinion it is a ease of the abuse
and not of the usurpation of power. The President
has the right of removal from otiice. The power of
removal, wherever it exists, does from necessity in-
volve the powei ol general supet vision; nor can I
doubt that it might be constitutionally exercise,! in
relerence to the deposits."
There, I take it, is a statement of tlie doe-
tiine as broad, as strong as words can well per-
mit. I submit it to the consideration of tlie
Senate as an offset against that other remaik
of Mr. Calhoun which was read here two days
ago for the purpose of enforcing the construc-
tion that the Senate shared equally with the
Piesident the power ot' removal, and that it
could only be exercised by them conjointly.
The authority of Mr. Madison was felt to be
so strongly against tho proposition urged by the
Senator from Wisconsin that it seemed to tne
he most conveniently and slightingly disposed
of it. In speaking of the construction given by
Mr. Madison to the Constitution tlie Senator
from Wisconsin said:
"Heattempted to show that the Constitution had
granted such power, but he based this poiver upo.l
grounds which have long since been abandoned in
constitutional discussions upon other subjects.-'
If that be so I have failed to lind it. Tlie
honorable Senator stilted that the provisions
of the Constitution for the grant of legislative
power to Congress, of executive power to the
President, of judicial power to the courts, were
allin the same language. I apprehend that that
is scarcely correct.^ If I understand the mean-
ing of words, there is agreat distinction between
the grants of these three powers in the Consti-
tution of the United States. The first section
of the first article is that '* all legislative powers
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress
ol the (Jnited States, which shall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives." Then,
in the eighth section ot the same article the
enumeration of the powers therein granted is
made. "The Congress shall have power" to
perform certain enumerated acts. When, how-
ever, in the second article the Constitution
comes to speak of the grant of executive power,
how different the language that is used. In-
stead of saying " all executive powers herein
granted," it uses the phrase, "the executive
power," the whole, all of it, unrestrained, un-
limited. the entire executive power. The grant
ol judicial power to the courts is in the same
phrase. It seems to me that there is a limitation
introduced into the grant to Congress which is
not, io be found in the grants to the other two
branches, either to the executive or the judi-
ciary. j he reason lor ihut is very apparent, ''
The Legislative power was susceptible of strict
definition; it was the creative power, and the
framers could say what it might do. The ex-
ecutive power being dependent for its exercise
upon that of the Legislature, was necessarily
general, and yet it was susceptible of measure-
ment by being made coequal with it, and
equally so with the grant of the judicial power.
In the second section of the second article
it is provided that—
"He [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent ol the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thiids of the Senators present
concur: and he shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senatcshall appoint, em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of tho Supreme Couit, and all oilier olheer^ of the
United States whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for and which shall be estab-
lished by law."
Andin the third clause of thesecond section :
"The President shall have power to iili up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess ot the
Senate by granting commissions whioh shall expne
at the end of theii next session."
And in the next section he is vested with
power and a duty is imposed on him :
"lie shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed, and shall commission all the ofBceis ot the
United ytates."
It will be observed that the President is to
nominate. The Senate is the advising body
upon those nominations,' and it advises and
consentsto—what? To the appointment. When
that appointment is once made the duty and
the power of the Senate stops there, it, goes no
further; it is functus officii. But the power
of the Executive continues ; for after the com-
pletion of the appointment, after he has ob-
tained this consent, after he has commissioned
this officer, he is to do—what? To stop there?
No, sir. His power still lives, it still continues,
and he is to see that the laws are faithfully
executed throughout the term of that mairs
otiice. It is a continuing responsibility, one
that is shared by no other department of the
Government with him. The limitations, there-
fore, upon the power of the Senate are plain :
the continuance of the power in the President
is equally plain. He has a power and a duly
that continue and survive after their last official
power has come to a close. In other words,
there is imposed upon the Executive a constant,
continuing duty and responsibility of super-
vision which begins with the date of the offi-
cer's commission and never ends until his term
of office has expired.
The Constitution of the United States hav-
ing imposed upon the President the duty of a
faithful supervision of the execution ofthe laws
of the country, 1 ask how can he, in common
sense and common reason, perform that duty so
enjoined upon him if he may not remove an
insubordinate official, an unfaithful official ?
As your law now stands, under the power
assumed by Congress, a dishonest officeholder,
an incompetent one, may laugh in the face of
the Executive and defy him to remove him.
lie may deride all attempts of proposed coer-
cion. You have nullified and destroyed the
very power that was deposited in the President,
and whieh he was called upon by his oath to
say that he would see was faithfully carried out.
It seems to me that the workiugs under the
present law, which we are considering, would
illustrate practically the evils of attempting to
associate the Senate in the exercise of a power
in its nature so essentially executive. It has
been here stated that the great army of office-
holders in this country number some fifty-three
thousand. By your law they are to be removed
only for certain specified cause, and as your
act says, for naught else. Only when a man
is guilty of misconduct in office, or of crime,
or tor any reason becomes incapable or legally
disqualified to perform the duties of his oflic ",
in such case and in no other, the President
may suspend the officer until you pass upon
his case. I put it to the common sense of
every gentleman in this body whether it is
possible, humanly possible, for even one per
cent, of the removals of such a vast army of
officeholders as that, to have their eases passed
upon in a body like this? Fifty-three thou-
