164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
state that any member offering to vote does go'upon
the assurance that he was withmthe bar when the
last name on the roll was called: Provided how-
ever That any member absent by leave of the House
may vote at anytime before the result is announced.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the second
clause of the twenty-ninth rule may be read,
so that we may see exactly what the amend-
ment is.
Mr. FERRY. I will state to the gentleman
from Indiana that the object of the amendment
is to save time. The Speaker is now required
to put the question, "Were you within the bar
before the last name on the roll was called?"
to every member rising to clainr his privilege
to vote. The object of the amendment is that
the Speaker shall make a general statement at
once, and then allow each member to rise in
his place and offer his vote upon the accepted
assurance that he was within the bar before the
last name on the roll was called.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule as it now stands.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And when any member shall ask leave to vote
the Speaker shall propound to hun the question.
"Were you within the bar before the last name on the
roll was called?' and if he shall answer in thexiega-
tive the Speaker shall not further entertain the re-
quest of such member to vote: Provided, however.
That a ay member who was .absent by leave 01 the
House mny vote at any time before the result is
announced."
Mr. FERRY. I think there can be no objec-
tion to the amendment. I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wobth.]
Mr. FARNSWOBTH. I am very glad the
Committee on the Rules have made this report.
It has struck, I have no doubt, every member
of the House, as it has struck almost every
person who has visited Washington, that there
was something exceedingly awkward in the
Speaker standing there and interrogating every
member who desired to vote in that rapid man-
ner, "Were you within the bar before the last
name 011 the roll was called?" I was reminded
of the awkwardness of the thing the other day
by an anecdote which I heard. A friend of
mine told me that he was sitting in the gallery
when he heard this conversation between two
parties. One of them asked theother, "What
does the Speaker say? What does ho ask the
members?'' The other one said: "As near as
I can get at it he asks them, ' What did you do
with your last winter's overcoat'?' " [Laugh-
ter.] Members who are within the bar before i
the last name on the roll is called may vote
under the rule, so that nothing really is gained
by asking the question, and if a member is
within the bar before the result is announced
he ought to be permitted to vote. I am in-
clined" to think that every member ought to
have a right to vote upon any question the
result of which has not been announced.
Mr. FERRY. The resolution should be
modified so as to read " before the last name
was called," instead of "when the last name
was called."
The SPEAKER. That amendment will bo
made.
Mr. BURR. Will not tliat cut off the right
-of a member to vote who got in after the last
name was called and before the result was
announced, when he may have been absent 011
the business of the House?
Mr. FERRY. If a member is absent by the
leave of the House he is permitted to vote at
any time before the final announcement; but
unless he is absent by the leave of the House
he must be within the bar before the last name
011 the roll is called.
Mr. BURR. That is only when the member
is absent without the leave of the House?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider Ije laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which, under
the standing order of the House, was referred
to the Committee on Accounts :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo
authorized to employ a clerk during the sessions ot
the Forty-First Congress, to be paid as clerksto com-
mittees have been heretofore paid.
Mr. BENJAMIN" offered the following reso-
lution j which was referred to the same com-
j mittee:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be authorized to employ a clerk for tile r orty-iili'st
ConTesd at a rate of compensation corresponding
with that paid to the clerk of the Judiciary Gom-
I mittee.
Mr. COOK submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the same committee:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia bo hereby authorized to employ a cleric,
who shall receive the same compensation aswas paid
to the clerk of thesamecominittceforthelastsession
of Congress.
Sliizciu: OF THE FOREST QUEEN.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, the communication of the Secretary
of War relative to the seizure of the steamship
Forest Queen, which was yesterday referred to
the Committee 011 Military Affairs, was with-
drawn from that committee and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I inquire what is the regular
order to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The calling of commit-
tees for reports of a private character.
Mr. DAWES. I move to set aside the regu-
lar order for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
The SPEAKER. That may be done by a
majority vole.
The motion to dispense with the regular
order for the morning hour was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to allow a few
bills to be introduced by unanimous consent.
CITY 01? MILWAUKEE.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 113) for the relief ot
the city of Milwaukee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Commerce.
WILLIAM A. GRIFFITH.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 144) for the
relief of William A. Griffith, for expenditures
in tilting up a national cemetery at Anderson-
ville, Georgia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
LANDS SOLD FOU TAXES.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. it. No. 145) relative to lands
sold for non-payment of Federal taxes or under
the judgment or decree of the comts of the
United States ; which was read a first andsec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
FUR-SEAL TRADE.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 14ti) to protect tlie
fur-seal trade in Alaska, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
GOVERNMENT OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. li. No.
147) to provide for the organization of a pro-
visional government for Mississippi; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction, and, together
with the constitution of Mississippi, ordered
to be printed.
FALLS OP ST. ANTHONY.
Mr. WILSON, of .Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, asking for an appropriation
of $100,000 to preserve the Falls of St. An-
thony, and thus protect the navigation ot the
Mississippi river above the falls; winch was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also,,bymnam
roous consent, introduced a bill (H. 14. 1N0.
148) making a grant of land to the State or
Minnesota to aid in securing the navigation ot
the Mississippi river immediately above tho
Falls of St. Anthony; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
REFUNDING OF TAXES.
Mr DOCKERY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. B. No. 14«J) to refund
certain taxes illegally collected in the internal
revenue department, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
INDIAN AI^ItOPHIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I move that when the House
shall resolve itself into Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose of considering the Indian ap-
propriation bill, all general debate thereon shall
terminate in one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose
of considering the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Accordingly the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Judd in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration ot
House bill No. 123, making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fuliilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes tor the year
ending June 80, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate upon this bill must close in
one houi.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the first reading
of this bill be dispensed with.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the bill now
before the Committee of the Whole calls for
appropriations to the amount of $2,413,Slfci
for the purpose of fulfilling existing treaties
with Indian tribes. It is a bill which failed to
become a law in the last Congress, owing to a
disagreement between tlie two Houses. It is
the precise bill which passed the last House,
and came back from the Senate with appro-
priations for §4,041,902 added to it by way of
amendments. Those amendments grew out
of an attempt on the part of the other branch
of Congress to make provision for the fulfill-
ment of stipulations contained in eleven trea-
! ties made with Indiana since the 11th of Au-
| gust last by what is called the Indian peace
j commission. As this bill contains none of
j the items of appropriation so attached to the
bill of the last House by the Senate, it is alto-
gether premature to anticipate any of the diffi-
culties which I apprehend will soon arise and
force themselves upon our consideration when
this bill is returned from the Senate.
It will be sufficient now to state the conclu-
sions to which the Committee on Appropria-
tions on the part of the House have arrived,
and the considerations which have governed
them in bringing forward this bill in its present
form. The estimates of the Department last
year called for the appropriation of $2,762,880.
As the bill originally came from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations of the last House it called
foran appropriation of $2,812,260,the estimates
having been reduced to thesum of $348,403 U0.
Although it was a bill to appropriate money
for the purpose of carrying out treaty stipula-
tions, yet wherever those stipulations left any-
thing within the discretion of Congress the bill
was based upon the law of last year making
appropriations for the fulfillment of Indian
treaties, that law being the result of very care-
ful examination, and of the experience and
