166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBft.
Marci 19,
settled north of Nebraska, east of Montana,,
and west of Dakota, near the big bend of the
Missouri river; and that this appropriation,
after careful examination, is as small as it should
be made under the requisitions of the Depart-
ment and under the treaty of 1866.
I desire to say that hereafter there will he
full opportunity to discuss this bill, because the
Senate will be certain to add on amendments.
The Committee on Appropriations believe, of
course, in a general way, without examining
into the details, that this appropriation is as
low as we could possibly make it; that we
ought to pass this bill as it stands and let it
receive the amendments of the Senate, after
which there can be a thorough examination
and discussion.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has fully sustained my objec-
tion to this appropriation. He has told us that
Washington Irving, in his history of Astoria
and Oregon, referred to the fact that these
Indians existed at that time or at some remote
period of the world's history. But he does
not tell us that these Indians are in existence
to-day. We know that many tribes have en-
tirely disappeared from this continent. Yet it
is proposed by this bill to appropriate money
for tribes not now in existence. I believe the
three tribes mentioned in the paragraph noiv
under consideration are of that character.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
has also told us that the members of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have not examined
this bill at all in detail, but they have taken it
for granted that the last House having agreed
to it this House ought also to agree to it.
Therefore they have reported the bill to us
without having examined a single item con-
tained in it.
Now, I am not prepared to vote for appropri-
ating $2,500,000 of the money of the people of
this country for purposes of this character
without knowing anything about it. And I
call upon the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] to give us the
information to enable us to understand why
this is proposed to be done. If existing trea-
ties require the appropriation of this money
in good faith we are bound to vote it. But we
want that information, and for the purpose of
obtaining it I have moved this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] that on the 27th
day of July, 1866. the United States entered
into a treaty with these Indians, by which it
was stipulated that this sum of money should
be paid to tliem; and if we are to fulfill that
treaty it is necessary that this appropriation
should be made.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bece]
lias stated correctly the locality of these In-
dians. 1 have before stated that I am notable
to inform the gentleman from New York of
their exact number and strength. But the
Indian agent is now in this city, and I have no
doubt the gentleman can obtain the informa-
tion he desires from hiin. I will state this in-
teresting fact to the gentleman, which I learned
at the Department yesterday, that of the whole
number of Indian agents provided for by law,
lifty-nine, there is not at this moment one of
them west of the Mississippi river; they are all
to be found at the present time in this city.
Therefore the two Houses of Congress are
unusually favored at this time with means of
obtaining information in regard to all these
tribes of Indians.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. DAWES. I see Illy friend from Ne-
braska [.Mi\ Taffe] on the floor. I state to
him that I give this information as I received
it j ester day from the Department. It may pos-
sibly be that last night the condition of things
was changed so far as regards one or more
of these agents, and thcieibie I may not have
been entirely accurate in my statement of fact.
But I made the statement upon information that
I obtained at the Department ycsteiday.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to st:>te, in reply to
the remarks of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that I know that
the fact to which he has referred is not correct,
I do not care where the gentleman obtained
his information. I know of my own knowl-
edge that there is not an Indian agent belong-
ing to the State which I have the honor to rep-
resent who is now in this city : at least I do not
remember one now. I know that the agents
of the Gros Ventres, Arickarees, Assinabomes,
and other tribes inhabiting the region about
Fort Berthold and Fort Union, are now there ;
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, if he
desires, can have information of that fact under
oath. I know they are there raising corn and
have been for some time, and they have raised
some pretty fair crops.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to say a few words
upon this subject I had intended to move to
strike out this entire paragraph. It occurs to
me that members must be pretty well satisfied
that these so-called treaties have become an
intolerable nuisance. And even though all the
Indian agents in the pay of the Government
should congregate herein Washington, to swell
a lobby in order to force this bill through Con-
gress, I trust there is still nerve enough left
in this House to refuse to appropriate money
to carry out bad treaties.
We have heretofore determined in thisHonse
that while the Senate and the Executive may
make treaties, they must come to Congress, the
money-appropriating power, for the means to
execute those treaties. 1 believe this House
and the country are convinced that, as has
been stated in the remarks of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] treaties are
never made with any considerable body of men;
but a convenient tribe is found out in that deso-
late country; a meeting is had in some sage
brush, the Indians being represented by a man
calling himself a "chiefand thus the Gov-
ernment of the United States, through its
agents, acting as ministers plenipotentiary,
makes a treaty with these naked savages, they
claiming to represent a body of people whom
they do not represent. As recently as 1866 a
treaty was entered into by which the Govern-
ment agreed to pay a large sum of money
annually—to whom ? I venture the assertion
that the agent who made that treaty could not
to-day identify, under oath, a single one of
those wiili whom that treaty was made. I
venture the further assertion that the so-called
tribes with whom that treaty was made have
no local habitation or name ; that they cannot
be found. Our Indian agents are now swarm-
ing here to obtain from the Treasury of the
United States this money ; and for what pur-
pose? "We have seen with our own eyes that
these red men, impoverished, naked, stripped
of everything by these rapacious traders, are
loft to starve and die in that Indian country.
When I was crossing the plains last November,
the weather being cold enough to freeze a strong
man, I saw naked Indian children in the sage
brush. Other gentlemen on this floor have
witnessed similar spectacles. The money ap-
propriated so liberally to carry out these so-
called treaties does not save these poor Indians
from starvation. And when they go out to
steal in order to satisfy the craviugs of hunger
it is treated as a cause for inflicting upon them
war and extermination.
Mr. Chairman, while I would treat the Indians
as wards of the Government, protecting and
caring for them, I would stop at once the
appropriations of money to carry out these pre-
tended treaties. I invoke Congress to "block
this game " and bring the Government face to
face with this great responsibility of properly
caring for these Indians. Hp.ving taken their
lands, having pressed them back into the barren
and desolate plains, we must care for them ; but
we must do so by an entirely different system
from that which has hitherto been pursued. In
accordance with what I believe to be the proper
policy, to refuse appropriations to carry out
these pretended treaties, I move to amend by
striking out the pending paragraph.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, this bill
covers sixty-nine printed pages, and proposes
to appropriate a little less than $2,51)0,000. It
has been considered in the Committee on Ap-
propriations perhaps one single hour, without!
any consideration of the separate items of the
bill, and with no information conveyed to the
committee in relation to any single line of it,
except the single fact that it is substantially
the same bill that passed the House at the las?
session. Now, sir, as a member of that com-
mittee and as a member of this House I aire
unwilling to give ruy vote for arry bill which
appropriates $2*,500,000 in the absence of any
information as to any single item in it. I know,
Mr. Chairman, it is very desirable that this
Congress should soon adjourn ; but it is much
more desirable that this Congress should dis-
charge the duties it is called upon to perform,
and that whatever duties may be performed
shall be performed understanding^. I under-
take to say that there are not ten members of
this House who have sufficient information it?
relation to this bill to act understandingly upon
it. I mean no reflection upon any gentleman
of the House or of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and especially no reflection upon the
distinguished ehairmarr of the Committee or?
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] who has very
properly told us that he has so recently come
into his new position that he has not yet had
time to investigate and fully ascertain all the
facts with reference to these Indian questions.
I am opposed to the passage of this bill at
this time. Before any appropriation is made
Congress should decide upon an Indian policy
applicable to all the tribes. It is perfectly
manifest to the House and to the country that
if we are to permit the system of making Indian
treaties to go on unchecked in the discretion
of the Senate the country will be involved in
enormous expenditures. Interested parties
come here with Indian chiefs and half-clad
savages, and these professing to represent In-
dian tribes, make treaties which never could
receive the sanction of this House. If this
system is to go on the Treasury will continue
to be robbed still more and more- every year as
the work progresses. It is high time, therefore,
that we should lay our hand upon these enor-
mous swindles and cut them down. It should
now be determined and understood that this
Congress is resolved, before it makes any more
appropriations, to settle the system and fix a
policy by which we shall deal with all the In-
dian tribes. This policy has not been controlled
by Congress for some years past, it has been
given up to the treaty-making power, and this-
House has registered its edicts. This bill is
mainly devoted to making appropriations to
carry out treaties which never could have
received the sanction of this House.
I deny that there is any Indian tribe .with-
which a treaty can be made. What is a treaty?
It is a contract between independent nations.
I concede that it is necessary to make arrange-
ments with Indian tribes—contracts, if yon
please—but they do not rise to the dignity of
treaties; they do not fall within the treaty-
making power, and they can only be lawful
when they are authorized, by law, to which the
assent of this House as well as of the Senate
shall Be given. And before contracts should
be made this Congress should determine upon
an Indian policy—a policy alike applicable to
all the Indian tribes, or at least to ail of a par-
ticular class.
Now, sir, if there is any one thing known to
the country and to this House it is that the
whole Indian department, in its management,
has become utterly rotten, utterly corrupt. It
is s den of thieves; and the only question for
us to determine is whether we will lay our
hand upon them, root them out, and save the
people irom the plunder and robbery that is
going on under the cover of the treaty-making
power, and at once settle a policy by law which
shall infuse some honesty into this depart-
ment, or whether we shall surrender the legis-
lative power with which the people and the
