] 8G9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
Constitution have clothed us and give up to
the treaty-making power the privilege of exer-
cising a usurpation which has robbed the
Treasury, plundered the public lands, sub-
verted the land policy of the Government, and
fostered, fed, and encouraged fraud and cor-
ruption on a magnificent scale.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask ray friend
when he thinks the time arrives when the In-
dian tribes cease to be a people with whom a
treaty can be made?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will answer that. I do
not deny tout that in pursuance of law any
agent of this Government duly authorized can
make contracts with the Indian tribes, for that
is a matter of necessity. I say that the In-
dian tribes never ceased to be nations with
which we could contract by treaty, for they
never were independent nations, in the sense
of international law, with whom we could con-
tract by treaty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentle-
man is aware that in point of fact contracts
with them are on our statute-books, and have
been there for a period dating back further
than his own recollection.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes; and I will state
another thing. Until within the last few years
the treaty-making power never assumed tbat
their authority was independent of legislation.
Until recently all the treaties in regard to the
purchase of lands from the Indians have in-
voked the legislative power of Congress. It
is only within the last three or four years that
this new power has been set up independent
of legislation. Let me cite an example. The
act of Congress approved March ;>, lb-i'l, con-
tains this provision:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That mull case.i
where, by the terms of any Indian treaty in lvaiiMis
Ten itory, said Indians are entitled to separate selec-
tions of land, and to a patent therefor, under guards,
restrictions, or eonditionsfor tlieirbenefit, the Secre-
taiy of the Interior is hereby authorized to cause
patents therefor to issue to such Indian or Indians
and tbcirheirs, upon such conditions and limitation,
and under such guards or restrictions, as may be pre-
senbed by said Secretary: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to apply to the
New York Indian*, or to a fleet their rights under the
treaty made by them in 1SLW, at Buffalo creek."—11
tStatuten-al-Large, -loO.
It was not then pretended that the treaty-
making power as to the public lands was
independent of legislation. The act ot Con-
gress of June oO, 1831, contains a similar pro-
vision, or one recognizing the same principle.
The case of Mitchell vs. the United States, in
9 Peters's Reports, affirms the principle for
which I contend.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
examine the matter he will find, going back
for years, treaties with Indian tribes for the
purchase of lands. I could cite treaties by
which large portions of lands in my district
were thus purchased.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Every one of them made
in pursuance of law and sanctioned by law, or
ratified by appropriations to carry tliem into
effect. They were not for the purchase of
land, but for the surrender of the Indian occu-
pancy. The lands, the title, were in the Uni-
ted States all the time. But I am speaking of
the power of sale by treaties, which is very
different from the power of acquiring title by
treaty.
Mr. BECIC. Will the gentleman yield for a
question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I find in volume fourteen of
the United States Statutes-at-Large a provision
for this very Indian appropriation of $40,000,
or for a similar appropriation. Why was that
done if it was all illegal ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Why, Mr. Chairman,
I am not denying the power of Congress to
appropriate money to carry out provisions of
an unauthorized contract. Congress can, of
course, ratify an unauthorized contract. But
1 insist that the pages of your statute-books,
fiom the foundation of the Government up to
within the last three or four years, prove what
I say, that the treaty-making power, in its deal-
ings with these Indian tribes, has been subject
to the legislation and control of Congress.
Why, sir, it is not a year since a commission
was sent out, in pursuance of the act of Con-
gress of July 20, 1867, to treat with the Indians,
and treaties were made involving an expend-
iture of large sums of money, llere is a dis-
tinct assertion of the legislative power over this
subject, and the debates on the bill show that
it was not pretended that the treaty-making
power, independently of legislation, could make
contracts with Indian tribes which bound both
branches of Congress.
Mr. TAEEE. Will the gentleman yield for
a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TAFEE. I would like to know if the
gentleman proposes now to carry out the con-
tracts made in pursuance of that law by that
commission ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, sir; I do not. I
propose no such thing. I propose to have
Congress adopt a settled Indian policy. _ I pro-
pose that General Grant's administration, in-
cluding Congress, shall indicate what that pol-
icy is to be. We have all seen in the papers
that the President has said he had not yet
determined upon a policy. It cannot be de-
termined on in an hour or a day, and it may
not be in a week or a month. All I ask is that
before we pass any bill upon this subject we
shall determine what our policy toward the
Indian tribes shall be, and let it be in the
interest of pe^ce, of justice, and economy.
MESSAGE FROM TIIS PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having taken the chair, a message
from the President, by General Horace Por-
ter, his Private Secretary, informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
the bill (II. R. No. 7) to strengthen the public
credit.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] yield to me for a
moment ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes. sir.
Mr. J ULIAN. I wish to inform the gen-
tleman from Ohio that General Grant has a
policy. He has declared that he is in favor of
putting the management of the Indians under
tile control of the Quakers of the country,
which I think will be a great reform, and he
has told me expressly that he is opposed to
placing the public domain in the hands of cor-
porations, either through Indian treaties or by
railroad land grants, but of saving it to the
actual settlers of the country.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Then 1 say thank God
for General Grant and his policy. He is right.
While upon that subject let inc say a word to
the gentleman from Indiana. The Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs reports to this House
that there are unsurveyed lands in the occu-
pancy of Indian tribes sufficient in quantity to
make eight States as large as the State of
Ohio, and the treaty-making power is now as-
suming a right to dispose of those immense
tracts of land, empires in extent, in utter sub-
version of the whole land policy of the United
States, and it is therefore time that Congress
should assert its legislative power over this
whole subject. The letter of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs is as follows :
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Aff iiks.
i'ebruury 1^00.
Sir: In compliance with your verbal requcatof
to-day to be lurnished with a statement indicating
as near as may be the area of the landoccupied or
claimed by Indians, to which their title lias not been
extinguished, I have the honor to inclose herewith
No. 1, special session. United States Senate, being a
report of the Secretary of the Interior, communica-
ting, in compliance with a resolution ot the Senate
of March 2U, 1867, information in relation to the
Indian tribes of the United States.
Your attention is particularly called to table 0,
commencing on page 31 of this document, iliis
table shows the location and e\'tent of Indian reser-
, vations, whether hold in common or severalty, with
' references to the treaty or other arrangements set-
1 tins the same apart for tho use of the Indians at the
date which it was prepared. I have caused to be
erased from this table reservations to which the
Indian title has been extinguished since it was pre-
pared. The total area of land oeeupied or claimed
by Indians, to which their title has not been extin-
guished at the present time, is 191,755,204 acres. It
is proper to state in making up this statement, owing
to the limited time occupied in its preparation, it is
not as exact as it might be made if more time was
taken for its preparation, and also that reservations
occupied and claimed by Indians are included in this
aggregate within territory acquired by tho United
States from Mexico, although the Senate of the
United States has never recognized the right of In-
dians to claim title to lands within the limits of said
acquired territory.
Very respectfully, &c.,
N. C. TAYLOR, Commissioner.
Hon. George W. Julian, House of liepresentativee.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the remarks which I
have thus far submitted have been submitted
to the committee for the purpose of showing
that we are under no obligation to carry out
these so-called treaties with Indian tribes, and
for the further purpose of showing that we
ought not to legislate upon the subject until we
have first settled upon an Indian policy, and
then we can determine what we ought to do.
Mr. JULIAN. I want to remind the gen-
tleman that this House has repeatedly declared
that this Indian treaty policy is unwarranted
by the Constitution, and if he will lecture t.he
Senate, which has utterly disregarded our action
on this subject, he will talk to the body that
needs enlightenment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly, I shall do
my part in that direction, as I have done here-
tofore. But I speak to the House to demand
that it will not carry out treaties made in viola-
tion of the Constitution. The bill under con-
sideration only calls for S'2,500,000, but we
should bear in mind that when a bill similar to
this passed this House during the closing days of
the last Congress it went over to the Senate, and
the Senate added on to it some four or five
million dollars, and if we pass this bill we are
simply sanctioning the policy of appropriating
not merely what is covered by it, but the policy
of appropriating all that the treaties demand
of us, amounting to some six or eight million
dollars a year.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask my colleague
on the committee this question: suppose the
Senate refuses to give heed to his lecture, what
is to become of the Indians ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Why, Mr. Chairman, if
the Senate refuses to give lieed to what Congress
may deem just, this House should assert its
rights, surrender none of its powers, do justice
to the Indian tribes, but never consent to the
sacrifice of the principles of the Constitution.
We can do justice to the Indians without refer-
ence to treaties, and we can compel the Senate
to adopt a settled policy, and then we will
make the appropriations which are necessary
to carry out that policy.
I am not alarmed about lecturing the Sen-
ate. All I say is with profound respect for
that body of enlightened statesmen. But they
may err on questions of constitutional law. It
is only natural that they should seek to enlarge
their own powers as it is for this House to be
jealous of usurpations which abridge its pre-
rogatives. The Senate may err in its mode
of doing business. It has been declared by a
member of the Senate that Indian treaties
have been put through that body when not
more than six Senators were present. Now,
does not my colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] think that such
a statement or such a fact as that needs a little
criticism ?
Mr. DAWES. I do.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And so do I ; there we
agree. Yes, sir; Indian treaties have been
put through the Senate when no quorum was
present, as it is alleged. This fact deserves
consideration. And I would that I could reach
the ears of the Senate, and of every man m
this country, until the Senate should be com-
pelled to pay some heed to the voice of the
people, and to have some respect for the inter-
ests of the people, instead of squandering the
money and llie public lands of the people uj
treaties unauthorized by the Constitution.
