168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. NEGLEY. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. NEGLEY. Idesire to inquire if the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Law-
rence.] in regard to the Senate, is in order?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I tliink it is.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair understood
the language of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] it was rather broad. The Chair
would suggest to the gentleman that it would
be well for him to be a little more careful and
choice in his language, when referring to a co-
ordinate branch of the national Legislature.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Very well, I will be
more careful hereafter. But I could go a great
dfe&l farther, and say a great deal more in con-
demnation of the treaties which have been
made and ratified and still keep within the
bounds of truth. I hope that statement helps [
the matter.
I wish now to call attention to the particular
clause of the bill now under consideration. It
is—•
For third payment, to bcinade dnrinstho pleasure
of Congress, to be expended in such goods, provis-
ions. and other articles as the Presidont may from
time to time determine, &c.
We are here carrying out a treaty stipulation
to appropriate money " during the pleasure of
Congress." It is not to carry out a positive,
imperative treaty stipulation, but to appropriate
certain sums of money "during the pleasure
of Congress." Sir, it is my pleasure now to
stop these appropriations; and 1 hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will agree with me, and
that it will be their pleasure to put a stop to
these appropriations. It is impossible that we
can feed ana clothe and take care of all these
Indian tribes as we would of our own children.
They should be learned to work and earn their
living as all honest men do. They must be ,
taught, and these Indian agents, and all those !
interested in these Indian treaties and con-
tracts and jobs, must be taught that they can-
not come to Congress and secure the passage
of their plundering schemes ; but that the In-
dians must earn their living as all honest men
are required to earn theiis, and Congress should
aid them in doing that. And I hope that when
the policy is carried out as suggested by thegen-
tlemanfrom Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] of putting
these Indians under the charge of the Quakers,
it will be found to be practicable to carry on
our Indian affairs without opening a vast sys-
tem of charitable institutions all over the west-
ern plains, under which we are to feed and
clothe these Indians at an enormous expense,
giving opportunities foragreatsystem of fraud-
ulent jobs and breeding and fostering corrup-
tion all over the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. All general debate, by
order of the House, is now closed. The first
question will be upon the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Air. Wood] to re-
duce the appropriation in the pending para-
graph from $-10,000 to §35,000.
Mr. DAWES. I should be a great deal sur-
prised at the course and remarks of my col-
league upon the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Lawrf.xce] were it not for the fact that I
knowliis pressing engagements elsewhere have
called off his attention from his duties as a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
during their consideration of this bill. When
this bill was introduced by me J, as chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, intimated
what would be the course desired by the com-
mittee.
Now, I am confident that with the views the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] enter-
tains upon this subject, had he been able to
attend at all to the consideration of this bill,
had he known what is in the bill, instead of
abandoning his associates in their struggle to
stop any ratification of these new treaties, and
to put an end to what they deem the outrages
contained in them, had ho not abandoned his
associates on the committee and shot off, like
a comet, in some erratic orbit of his own, we
should now find him, with all his great power,
standing up shoulder to shoulder with them in
this effort on the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives to rescue the Treasury of the United
States from the attempts upon it. But he has
thought it his duty to abandon us in our attempt
to preserve the Treasury from the attempts
which are being made upon it.
Why, sir, the very foundation idea of this
bill is to put a stop to these new treaties. It
is an effort, so far as the House of Represent-
atives is concerned, to put down our foot, and
to declare that we will go no further than to
fulfill the stipulations of those treaties that have
received the sanction of law, that have been
approved by this House, by the Senate, and by
the Executive, and which are binding con-
tracts, if my colleague desires to call them so—
as binding as any contract is capable of being
made.
There is not an item in this bill that comes
under any of these new treaties which has
not very properly called down the anathemas
of my colleague on the committee ; and if his
duties elsewhere had allowed him to have at- j
tended an hour and a half upon the meeting i
of the Committee on Appropriations while this j
bill was under consideration we would have j
been spared his remarks upon this bill until
the amendments of the .Senate h;id been sent
to us, and then they would have been in order.
If wo are to resist at all the amendments
of the Senate we must do so by standing by
this bill, which is in fulfillment of provisions
of existing law and has nothing to do with
a single provision of these new treaties. And
if we can have the assistance of the great
abilities and large experience of my colleague
on the Committee on Appropriations in resist-
ing those amendments, who can doubt what
will be the result? But if he chooses to carry
on a guerrilla warfare of his own, to shoot off
in some unexpected manner just when he
pleases, then we must struggle along as best we
may, with unequal step and feeble progress.
I say to the House that the only way to resist
this great encroachment upon the rights of this
House is to stand by this bill. But if you
depart from the bill as it now stands, and
undertake to introduce amendments to it or to
abandon what has been established by the laws
of the land, then we will be all at sea.
I am with my colleague on the Committee
on Appropriations, provided he will contend
according to the ordinary rules of warfare, in
any legitimate attempt to resist as long as we
may be able the effort on the part of the other
branch of Congress—you may dignify it by the
name of the treaty-making power, if you
please—to infringe upon the legitimate rights
of this House.
But there is nothing in this bill open to any
suoh animadversion as that. This bill is ac-
cording to what is now the law of the land.
The contracts made with these associations of
men—if we are not to be permitted to call them
independent nations—were made by the Gov-
ernment, and have received the sanction of
law. We are bound to fulfill them as long as
the Indians observe their stipulations; and
until they fail to observe them we have no
business to say that we will not fulfill them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] by striking out "$35,000" and
inserting " §89,000," for the purpose of saying ,
that I hope this entire paragraph will be stricken ;
out. It is not necessary, in considering this
question, to consider the binding force of our
treaty stipulations with the Indians. Admit,
if you please, for the sake of argument, that
the Government has dealt justly by itself and
by these Indians in making this treaty, and
that the Senate did right in ratifying it; still
we at this time have the right to withhold this
appropriation. It appears from the text of
this paragraph that this appropriation is "to
be made during the pleasure of Congress."
That is a part of the treaty, that, this appro-
priation is to be made so long as Congress in
its wisdom shall see fit to make it, and no
longer. I hope the House of Representatives
will to-day, by its action, say that we no longer
see any good reason lor continuing this annual
appropriation of §40,000 to these bands of
Indians.
This bill says this is for the "third payment,
to be made during the pleasure of Congress."
Of course there have been two payments of
this character made previous to this time.
It is said by gentlemen here, as a reason why
we should continue these annutiies to these
various Indian tribes, that we have taken their
lands from them and driven them back into the
wilderness. Whatever of truth there may be
in that statement in a general sense it cer-
tainly is not true as applied to the Indians
referred to 111 this paragraph. The gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, has told us that
these Indians have been in their present loca-
tion at least since the first settlement of Oregon,
which I believe was in 1811. They were thert
nearly sixty years ago and they are there now.
We have taken no lauds from them. And I
desire to know of the Committee on Appro-
priations what reason theie is for continuing
this appropriation in this particular case ? \\ hat
service have these Indians ever rendered us,
and what compensation on their part are they
rendering to the Government for this $40,000
that we are asked to expend for their benefit?
'Then, 1 see toward the close of the para-
graph that a portion of this sum is to go to one
Pierre Gavneaux, for his services to the Ariek-
arees. Now, I desire to know what those ser-
vices were and who this gentleman is. What
service has he rendered to these Indians that
we should pay ? Where is lie to-day, and how
much of this §40,000 is to be paid to him ? It
seems also that we are to pay something to a
head chief. Pay him for what, and how much?
We are to pay also "soldier chiefs." Who are
they? Soldiers in whose army? Are they
soldiers waging war against us ? If not, what
kind of soldiers are they, and in what service
have they been engaged ? These, it seems to
me, are pertinent questions, and the House has
a right to be informed upon these points before
it votes this large amount to these Indians.
Another thing I would like to know in this
connection, and that is, how long are these
appropriations to continue? If we vote them
this year it will only create, I suppose, an ad-
ditional reason, or what will be used as such,
for making the same appropriation the next
year and the year following. It will hereafter
be argued that we have been paying these
annuities for yeais, and that now is not the time
to withhold them. I trust the House of Rep-
resentatives will to-day strike out this appro-
priation. Let us notify these Indians that we
will no longer continue it. We can do it with-
out any violation of treaty stipulations. We
can do it without any violation of the plighted
faith of the Government, for the language of
the item itself shows that it is within our dis-
cretion. I hope, therefore, the whole para-
graph will be stricken out.
Mr. DAWES. The provisions of the treaty
are that a portion of this §40,000 shall be paid
to those who have authority and control over
the tribe, those whom the tribe have put in
authority over them. It was agreed on the
part of the tribe that a portion of this sum in
the nature of a salary—$600 in one instance,
and more in another and less in another—
should be paid to the man who acts as chief.
Then, there are Indian soldiers. It has been
found by experience that the most efficient
men to preserve order and peace in the tribes
are those who rise to the position of soldiers.
They have certain influence over the tribe ;
they have a knowledge of its ways which
enables them to preserve the peace. This whole
treaty was based originally upon that treaty;
and this tribe, located as it is upon the upper
Missouri, has preserved the peace in that way
during all the troubles and conflicts in which
we have been involved with other tribes ; and
although it may be true, as my friend from
Missouri says, ihat we are not bound to con-
