170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
The Clerk read as follows:
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches :
For second of thirty installments, to be expended
under the tenth article of treaty of October 21,1867,
concluded at Medicine Lodge Creek, in Kansas, with
the Kiowas and Comanches, and under the third
article of the treaty of the same date made with the
Apaches, $22,750.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph which has just been
read. I make this motion for the purpose of
replying to some remarks which were made a
short time ago upon another paragraph by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
The question was raised whether or not this
bill proposed to appropriate money to such
Indian tribes only as are at peace with the
United States, and the answer was made by
the chairman of the committee that the object
of this bill is to fulfill our treaty stipulations
with those Indian tribes which are at peace
with the Government. We have now, how-
ever, reached a paragraph of the bill which
proposes, to my certain knowledge, and I sup-
pose to the knowledge of a vast majority of
the members of this House, appropriations to
tribes of Indians that have been and are now
at this very moment at war with the Govern-
ment of the United States. Nothing can be
better known than the fact that for the last
two or three months the chief portion of the
Army of the United States—all that could be
spared from the States where the work of re-
construction is going on—has been operating
against these hostile tribes of Indians for which
this paragraph that I move to strike out pro-
poses to appropriate the sum of $22,750.
Sir, notwithstanding the fact that during the
last five or six years the Government has been
at war with the Indian tribes on the plains,
notwithstandingthefact that depredations have
been committed almost continually by these
Indians upon our frontier settlers, notwith-
standing the fact that during the greater por-
tion of this time a state of war has actually
been recognized by us as existing between
these tribes and the Government, yet in no
single appropriation bill passed by Congress
during this period has any money whatever
been withheld from these Indians because
they have been at war with the Government
of the United States. Such has been the his-
tory of our legislation in connection with these
Indian tribes. We are now brought to a point
when it is again proposed to repeat deliberately
in the face of the American people the process
of making appropriations for Indian tribes that
are at this very moment at war with the United
States, doing all they can to subvert the author-
ity of the Government upon our western fron-
tier, and imposing on us a vast expense for the
maintenance of an army to check their depre-
dations arid defend the property and lives of
our citizens.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. If we discontinue these
appropriations till a state of war is ended,
how can our agents out there live in the mean-
while 1
Mr. CLARKE. So far as I know—I speak
generally—we have no agents on the western
frontier. With regard to my own State, I think
I can say, with almost literal truth, that the
only agents for tribes there, instead of being
at their agencies attending to their legitimate
duties, are at this moment in the city of Wash-
ington. They are hanging around your Interior
Department; they are button-holing the mem-
bers of your Committees on Indian Affairs and
on Appropriations; they are appealing to mem-
bers of Congress, in one way or another, to
make these appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. As an answer to all that the
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] has said
in reference to the payment of money to tribes
at war with the Government I call his attention
to the provision of this bill embraced in lines
sixteen hundred and sixty-seven to sixteen
hundred and seventy-five:
Provided, That none of the payments herein pro-
vided^ tor shall be made unless the Secretary of the
Interior shall be satisfied that the tribes, bands, or
individuals named have observed the treaty stipula-
tions under which such payments have become due,
and also the provisions of any other treaties with
the Government to which they may be parties; orin
case portions of said tribes or bands have observed
all of said obligations, payments shall be made to
them pro rata.
I wish to say further that although the gen-
tleman rightfully complains of any Adminis-
tration that would pay a dollar to any tribe
that was at war with this Government, he for-
gets that we are embarking upon a new era of
government, with new men and a new adminis-
tration of affairs connected with the Indians ;
and does my friend desire to have it under-
stood that he dare not trust the new officials
with the law before them, and that not otie dol-
lar of this appropriation shall be paid to any
tribe that does not fulfill on its part all its treaty
stipulations with this Government? I hope,
therefore, that this appropriation will remain,
so that when peace is restored with these peo-
ple the means may be in the hands of a wise
and judicious Administration to perpetuate
peace, and endeavor to solve the great problem
how to civilize these Indians and make useful
citizens of them.
Mr. CLARKE. I have as much confidence
perhaps in the incoming Administration as the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and I know
very well that a provision is placed in another
portion of this bill, such as he has already
stated to the House. But I am dealing with the
question of the practical administration of In-
dian affairs by the Indian Bureau, and if the
gentleman were as familiar with the condition
of the frontier as I am obliged to be he would
also know something of the practical adminis-
tration of Indian affairs. I assert that during
the last seven or eight years not a single dollar
has ever been withheld from the Indians because
of their hostility to the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.3
Mr. DAWES. I say to the gentleman "Let
the dead past bury its dead."
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The question being taken on the amendment
it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For purchase of clothing, under the same article
and treaty, $10,715.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to strike out that
paragraph. Not only that should be stricken
out, but all that portion of the bill in relation
to the Apaches, Kiowas, Comanches, Chey-
ennes, and Arapahoes, if the principles enun-
ciated by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations are to be carried out—if it is
really his purpose to save the public money and
appropriate it properly in this case.
Now, sir, the treaty under which these ap-
propriations are made, I will inform the
gentleman from Massachusetts, is one of the
newest or latest treaties made with these In-
dians. And I can tell him further, that when
our commissioners were at Medicine Lodge
holding council with these Indians, at that very
moment bands of Indians were on the frontier
who went out from the general assembly for
the purpose of murdering and did murder citi-
zens of Kansas, and I think of Nebraska.
People who lived on the frontier and who were
present with the commissioners in the very
camp, saw with their own eyes large amounts
of their own property, horses and cattle, in the
possession of the Indians, for the loss of which
property they can obtain no redress. Notwith-
standing all these overt acts of hostility, this
defiance in the presence of the very commis-
sioners themselves who made the treaty, it was
entered into, the obligations were incurred,
and we are asked to-day to appropriate money
to carry out its provisions.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that there is
nothing sacred about this matter at all—that
it is a fraud from the beginning to end, manipu-
lated, directed, and controlled by Indian agents
and superintendents, who made these treaties !
in Washington, took them out to the Indian
country, and went through the farce of having
them signed by these Indians. And I think,
sir, with some gentlemen who have already
spoken on this subject, that the time has come
to stop this whole busioess, to withhold discre-
tionary power in this matter from anybody and
everybody, whether they are negotiating com-
missioners or Secretaries of War, good men or
bad men, to do what ought to be done only by
the Congress of the United States. The time
has come for us to see to it that the public
money is saved from these disgraceful expend-
itures which are incurred under what are called
the obligations of the treaty-making power. I
hope we will have the aid of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts when he be-
comes familiar, as I know he will in the future,
with the administration of Indian affairs, in
stopping these frauds upon the Treasury of
the United States. I repeat that we ought to
strike out not only the clause which 1 have
moved to strike out, but every other clause
in the bill which makes an appropriation or
puts it in the power of anybody to make an
appropriation in favor of Indian tribes which
at this very hour, as we are informed by the
telegraph to-day, are murdering our frontier
settlers, committing depredations, and putting
the Government of the United States to great
expense.
Mr. DAWES. I have only to say in reply
to my fiiend from Kansas that the bill draws a
line between every one of the treaties which he
speaks of and the old treaties that have re-
ceived the sanction of law, and that there is
embraced in this bill no single treaty that has
not been ratified by both Houses of Congress
and passed into the law of the land. That is
the ease with thft very one about which he has
made his remarks, and I assure him that every
word he has said in reference to those treaties
which have not yet received the sanction of
law meets the hearty concurrence of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It is because they
apprehend that by underlaking too much they
will lose all that they have resolved to stand
to the extent of their ability and to ask the
House to stand with them right upon this line,
and upon this line they can defend themselves.
But they cannot, they apprehend, defend them-
selves if they abandon that which has received
the sanction of law and the approval of both
Houses of Congress. With a provision in the
bill that not a dollar shall go to hostile Indians,
and with an Administration that we look for-
ward to with confidence, I think the House can
trust this appropriation in the hands of the
new men that are destined to administer the
affairs of this Government. I hope, therefore,
the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to insert after line
one hundred and thirty-six what I send to the
Clerk's desk, and I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to it, as it will exactly carry out the views he
has expressed to the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That from and after the passage of this
act the lndian tribes in the States and Territories of
the United States shall be held to be incapable of
making treaties with the United States, and no such
treaty shall hereafter be made: And provided fur-
ther, That no convention, agreement, or contract
between the United States and any Indian tribe,
made, entered into, or ratified after the passage and
approval of this act, authorizing or providing lor the
payment of money from the Treasury of the United
States, or the sale or other disposition of the public
lands or Indian reservations, in whole or in part,
whether held in severalty or in common, shall have
force and effect either in law or equity, or be enforced
by any officer of theUnited States, or of any Stateor
Territory, unless the enforcement thereof shall be
authorized by an act of Congress passed audapproved
subsequent to its date.
Mr. DAWES. I must object to that. I
make the point of order that it is independent
legislation.
Mr. CLARKE. I offer it more for the pur-
pose of carrying out the views of the gentleman
than for any other purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I trust we will carry them
out according to the forms of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment is not in
order.
