172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19.
Mr. WILKINSON. Why does this apply
to the Yancton Sioux and not to all other
Indians? I move to strike out of the proviso
tLe words " Yancton Sioux" andin lieu thereof
to insert " the several tribes or bands of;" so
as to make this proviso apply to all the Indians
named in this act.
I believe this proviso, Mr. Chairman, is a
good proviso, and that there is a necessity for
it. It enables the Indians to have something
to say about the character of the articles to be
distributed among them. It takes away from
the authorities in the city of Washington the
right to purchase the particular articles to be
distributed under this act among the Indians.
I wish to make the proviso general, so as to
make it apply to all tribes and bands of Indians,
and not alone to the Yancton Sioux.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see any objection to
the gentleman's amendment. This proviso
meets with the approbation of the gentleman
from Minnesota, and his only objection seems
to be that the proviso is not general. I do not
know of any objection to making it genera!,
except the bare possibility that it may conflict
with some treaty stipulations. If I were quite
sure that it does not, I would not object to the
gentleman's amendment. I know that this
proviso is proper in this paragraph as it is, but
as I have said, I will not object to the gentle-
man's amendment making the provision gen-
eral in its terms if I can be quite sure that it
does not conflict with treaty stipulations. I do
not feel at liberty to assent to the amendment
at present, for the reason I have stated. He
believes that the provision is a wise one as it is;
1 think so too, and as at present advised I
desire to have it remain as it is.
Mr. WILKINSON. Iam willing to adopt
the gentleman's suggestion and to modify my
amendment so as to add the words "except
where treaty stipulations provide otherwise."
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that I object
to that.
Mr. WILKINSON. Thenladdtomy amend-
ment "except where otherwise provided by
treaty."
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to know
what will be the effect of the amendment?
Mr. DAWES. It is suggested that some of
these Indians have no general council, and
there may be some difficulty in that regard. I
ask the gentleman to withdraw his amendment
lor the present, so that it may be drawn to meet
tile present condition of treaty stipulations;
and it he should desire to do so, I will allow
him to offer it hereafter.
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment with that understanding.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 rise to offer another
amendment, for the purpose of making an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Minnesota. I
move, in line fifteen hundred, to strike outthe
words "the same to be estimated for by the
local agent." What I desire to know, and 1
presume the gentleman can give the House the
information, is what will be the effect of strik-
ing out the words I have indicated ?
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman
from Minnesota has withdrawn his amendment
for the present.
Mr. MAYNARD. And I have introduced
another amendment for the purpose of having
the gentleman from Minnesota state whether
it would not be better to strike out the words
I have indicated and let the superintendent of
Indian affairs have the control of the matter.
I ask him whether the Indians would not be
safer than if we should place them under the
charge of the local agents?
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not think that will
make any difference, because the local agent
is under the control of the superintendent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Cleric read as follows;
California:
For th« general incidental e^rcrwcs of the Indian
service in California, including traveling expenses
ot the superintending1 agents, $5,(WO.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to strike out that ;
paragraph. I desire to make a few remarks
on the subject, and I ask the attentive consid-
eration of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to what I shall say. It will be
observed we have now reached a point in this
bill where the question of treaty no longer
exists. We are making appropriations for the
general incidental expenses of the Indian ser-
vice, and the paragraph I move to strike out
proposes to appropriate $5,000 for the general
incidental expenses of the Indian service in
California, including traveling expenses of the
superintending agents.
I believe, sir, there are in California some
three Indian reservations. As we are about
approaching the time when the Freed men's
Bureau, with all its incidental expenses and
wrongs, is to cease in this land, let us apply the
same principle to the Indians in the State of
California. This attempt of the nation to estab-
lish great poor-houses and to sustain them in
that State is not only a failure so far as the
Indians are concerned, but it demoralizes the
white men who have anything to do with the
matter.
I make the point on this paragraph, and desire
it shall apply to subsequent paragraphs on page
6G, where $5-3,000 are proposed to be appro-
priated for the purchase of cattle for beef and
milk, together with clothing and food, teams
and farming tools, and for pay of one physi-
cian, one blacksmith, one assistant blacksmith,
one farmer, one carpenter, and one teacher,
upon each of the three reservations of Califor-
nia, and one miller at the Round valley, and
one upon the Hoopa valley reservations. I
ask that these appropriations for the purpose
of keeping up these reservations be stricken
out of the bill, and I now say to this commit-
tee and through this committee to the country
and to my State, that from an observation of
seventeen years this system of Indian reserva-
tions in California is in my judgment an un-
mitigated evil. It injures the Indians and in-
jures the white settlers around the reservations.
It injures the portion of the State where this
labor is attempted to be used on these reser-
vations. That labor can be used to advantage
in the vineyards, in cattle-herding, and in the
cultivation of that State. 1 am satisfied from
my own observation that these Indians are
willing to work, and that both men and women
are able to obtain a dollar a day during a large
portion of the year among the cattle-herders
and grape-growers. It is a State which knows
no winter, and these Indians are peaceful and
easily managed, and if left alone, if left to our
State legislation, we can enact such laws as
are necessary for their protection. Take them
off the hands of the General Government,
break up these Indian reservations, which are
au unmitigated nuisance, and you will not only
save money to the Treasury, but you will take
a step in advance in the treatment of the
Indians.
I am entirely candid, and I hope the com-
mittee will believe me when I say, although
this money will be expended in my own State,
and though I have no charge to make against
the men who will have the management of it,
that I believe it is a waste of the public money
and actually an injury to the persons who are
proposed to be benefited by it.
I hope this paragraph will be stricken out,
and that when we reach page 66 we will
also strike out the paragraphs on that page, so
as to break up these Indian reservations in
California and remit the Indians thereto their
own exertions to be protected by the same
laws which guard and protect all other citizens
of California.
Mr. Dawes rose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will yield the floor to me
for the purpose of answering my colleague
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman. I regret
very much that I have to differ from my distin-
guished colleague on this question. The three
Indian reservations to which he has referred'
are in my district, and I believe it would be a
great advantage to the public to have at least,
two others in that district. The Indians of
California, as stated by my colleague, arc a
harmless set of people. They are not warlike
as the Indians out upon the plains are ; but
when allowed to roam abroad they are like
other Indians. They commitdepredations upon
the settlers; that is the Indians who are not
settled upon reservations. They constantly
commit depredations upon the settlers and are
all the time involving our frontiers 111 war. I
see by the papers received only this moruiug
from California that in Humboldt and Trinity
counties, botli of which are in my district; the
citizens have to keepupan armed force at their
own expense for the purpose of keeping the
Indians there in subjection. Last year 1 tried
to get Congress to give us another reservation
for the purpose of collecting these Indians who
are now warlike, in order that wo might make
them as the other Indians there are, a peaceful
and harmless people; but in that effort I
failed.
In regard to the three reservations now kept
up by the Government I will stale tins : that
they cost less, in my judgment, than any other
Indian reservations that the Government has
established anywhere in the United States.
It is true, as stated by my colleague, that
these Indians are good farm hands, and lhat
when the grapes are being gathered they will
work in the harvest fields. They will pick
grapes, and are as useful as other hands upon
a farm ; but as soon as their labor ceases,
unless there is some one to care for them,
because they are an ignorant people they lapse
back into vagrancy, and go about the country
depredating upon the people's stock, and be-
come a perfect nuisance. Under the present
system you will see by the appropriations for
these reservations in the past few years that
they are becoming almost self-sustaining. At
the reservations of Round valley and Hoopa
valley they raise more grain than they need,
and they sell it in large quantities to the set-
tlers and the military posts near by. We have
on those reservations for the care of the young
Indians, schools and churches, and taking the
report of the superintendent of Indian affairs
at California, you will see that the young
Indians between the ages of six, seven, and
eight, and eighteen years are in a fair way of
becoming civilized.
Now, the proposition to do away with these
reservations and to turn these Indians adrift
upon the people of California, after we have got
along with them so well under this system, 1 say
is an idea monstrous, in my judgment. I trust
the House will not for one moment entertain
the proposition to strike out these appropria-
tions for the purpose of overthrowing the In-
dian reservation system in the State of Cali-
fornia. Those who live where these Indian
reservations are, and who live among these
Indians, know better how to deal with them
than gentlemen upon this floor ; and the same
reason holds good in regard to my colleague,
that those who represent the districts where
these Indian reservations are, who know the
habits of these Indians, and who know the
benefit which has accrued from this Indian
reservation system, are better able to judge
than he is what ought to be done. I ihink,
therefore, that I can speak more advisedly than
my colleague, who lives a great distance from
these Indian reservations and can know but
little of them.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
California:
For tlio purchaso of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and laramic
tools for Indians in California, 810,000.
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one
assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter, and
one teacher upon cach of the three reservations of
California, and one miller at the llound valley and
one upon the Hoopa valley reservations, $15,420.
Mr. ASTELL. I move to strike out both
of those paragraphs, which embrace appro-
priations iur the rich reservations spoken of by
my colleague from tlie third district, thcreser-
