1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
a large and growing population of thy State of New
Jersey; and whereas the opening of said navigation
for steamboats and other vc.^els of moderate ton-
>m<?o is ontirely practicable : Therefore,
" 1. />'" n resolved bathe Sontfn and General AsitmOh/
of the State of NcH\Jetsey, That our members of Con-
frret'8, both in the Sonato and House of Representa-
tives. be, and arc heicby, requested to procure if
possible an appropriation from Congress for the
pur^o^e of removing obstructions and improving the
m>~.vi.^ation of the river Delaware between White
lic>U and the city of Trenton, at the head of tide-
water, in the State of New Jersey.
" l!. And be it^ revolved. That the Governor be re-
quested to furnish a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolutions as soon as possible to the members
oi Congress of the United States from New Jersey."
PAPERS WITHDRAWN1 AND RKFERUKD.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Otdered, Th;r,t AVilliam F. Scott have leaveto
<li'aw 1!is pctitiua papers, on the 1 iicof the
Semite.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Onlered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged tiom the further consideration of the petition
o£ William Gates and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mv. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to wliom was referred a resolution calling
for certain statistical statements from the Sec-
letary of the Treasury, with a vieiv to printing
the same, have instructed me to report ad-
verse'y. As tlie Senator from North Carolina
who introduced 1 lie resolution is not in liis seat,
1 will not ask to have it considered at present.
JUDIJH ADVOCATES OK T1IK AMI".
Mr. A15BO f P. 1 nm instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (11. li. No. 124) to declare and
lix the status of judge advocates of the Army,
to report, it back without amendment, and with
the lecoimnendation that it pass; and I ask for
its immediate consideration at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider th« bill. It fixes the department of judge
advocates of the Army at ten members, and
aiitli.jiizes the 1'resident, by and with the ad-
Me.' and consent of the Senate, to fill all vaean-
(ies 'which have occurred or may hereafter
occur therein.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that the bill be read
again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. J
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to indefinitely post- j
pone that bill.
Jir. ABBOTT. It is the same bill that passed i
both Houses at the last session and was pock- '
eted by the late President. j
Mr. GRIMES. I know it; and at that time
the Amn of the United States consisted of up-
waid of fifiy thousand men. Since that time j
v, e have i educed tiie Army one third, reduced
the regiments of infantry to twenty-five. Now, j
where i.s the necessity of having the same
amount of staff for an Arm}' of two thirds that
you required when you had the whole amount,
as when this bill came originally from the Com-
mittee oi. Military Affairs? Up to 1801, with
an Army of eighteen thousand five hundred
men, we had two inspectors general, and only
two.
Mr. ABBOTT. This bill is in relation to
judge advocates.
Mr. GlilJIES. Up to 18G1 we had one
judge advocate, with an Army of eighteen
thousand men ; and he was an ordnance officer
detailed for this purpose, but belonging to the
Oidnance Bureau ; and there was no complaint
then that there was a deficiency of service in
that particular bureau. Now, with only an
mcrease of titty per cent, upon what the Army
was at that time, we propose to have a perma-
nent organization of ten officers, ranking from
brigadier general down to major, none less than
major. 1 r strikes me that there is no necessity
for any 'Uch force in that bureau.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is very tine that before
the war the habit was in the Aimy to detail otii-
cers for the duty of judge advocate; there
were no permanent judge advocates, unless,
perhaps, one. During the war several perma-
nent judge advocates were created, and lliey
are now in the Army. This duty must be per-
formed, and I think, on investigation, the Sen-
ator from Iowa will find that ten are no more
than are necessary to perform it. The whole
business of the judge advocates during the
war has become systematized and organized,
j! and the judgment of the Committee on Mili-
j' tary Affairs is that it should be continued in
! that condition, and I think that is the judg-
|i mens of military officers generally. 1 hope the
!' motion to postpone will not prevail,
i; Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from North Carolina
whether this adds anything to the expc uses of
the Army? Is there any ex'ra, pay piovided
for in reference to these officers?
Mr. ABBOTT. I think not. I do not think
it increases materially the expenses of the
Army.
Mr. SPENCER. I uudei stand it makes four
new officers.
Mr. ABBOTT. No ; it cuts off two officers
in fact. The present number is twelve, and
this bill cuts off two, reducing the number to
ten.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T wish to understand if
the ten officers who are to act as judge advo
cat.es are now officers of the Army detailed
for that purpose, or whether this creates .so
many additional officers in the Army. What
is the fact ?
Mr. POMEROY. The expense would be
increased provided captains were made judge
advocates, because judge advocates have the
rank of majors. 'The bill does not add to the
number there are already in the service, but
if captains are made judge-advocates they will
get more pay. It may add a little to the
expense in that respect,.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the way in which
the pay is increased?
Mr. ABBOTT. There are at present twelve
judge advocates. This bill cuts them down to
ten. 'The committee compromised by cutting
down to ten ; somebody proposed eight, but
finally we fixed itat ten. The bill passed both
Houses at the last session and was pocketed by
the President, so that it did not become a law.
Mr. SPENCER. My understanding is that
there are but eight judge advocates in the Army
at the present time. My observation and ex-
perience while I was in the Army lead me to
think that with the exception of the Judge
Advocate General here the whole thing is en-
tirely unnecessary. There are now large num-
bers of officers who have comparatively little
to do and who may be detailed to perform the
duty. I shall vote for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. There are eleven judge ad-
vocates now connected with the Army accord- i
ing to the Array Register. The argument that
seems to be urged here in favor of this bill, j
and the only one I have heard, is that this is ;
a bill that wo passed a few weeks ago. That
is true ; but we on the last night of the ses- j
pion did reduce the Army about one third, and j
is it possible that there is the same necessity
for a large staff now that there was with the
whole amount of the Army as it existed at the
time we passed this bill before? ii
Mr. DRAKE. I think this is a very simple .1
matter. The object of this bill, if I understand t
it correctly, is simply to provide that instead !
of having officers of theArmy detailed to attend j
courts-martial as they arise, one officer being |
selected at one time and another at another, i
there shall be organized in the Army a corps
of officers whose special business it shall be to
attend to such matters and make themselves i
familiar with the law. It does not increase ;
the Army. It adds nothing to the expenses
of the Government so far as I have been able
to learn. I think it is a great advantage to
the Government to have officers pursuing one
line of study and prepared to act in eouits-
martial as judge advocates, and not that the
Government should take this one or that one
or the other one as exigencies may arise with-
out reference to their fitness for the position
or the studies that they have been pursuing.
I do not think that the bill ought to be indefi-
nitely postponed, but ought to be passed.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes "22, noes 12.
Mr. DRAKE. There is no quorum voting.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a quo-
rum voting. 'The Chair is informed that thirty-
three is now a quorum of the Senate, there
being sixty-five Senators and one vacancy from
tlie State of Maryland.
Mr, ABBO TT. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Mep&rfc. Bayard. Buckingham, Carpenter,
C.i-^oily, C.itteli, Cole, Conkhng, Corbett, Davis#
Edmunds. Ferry, Fowler, Grimes, Howe, Morrill,
Noiton, Piatt, Rico, Robertson, Scott, Slieiman,
Spenoer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
ton. Vickers, and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Urownlow, Chandler. Ci*a-
yin, Drake, Oilbcrt, llmris, Howard, Morton, Pom-
eroy, llaiusey, Sehurz, Sprague, Thayer. Trumbull.
Wilson, and Vates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron,
Fenton, Fosscndon, Hamlin, Harlan, Kolloggr, Mc-
Crcery, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool.
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Warner, and Willey—19.
So the bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. COBBETT subsequently submitted a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
wa^ indefinitely postponed.
STUAM J'ACKKT COMPANY.
Mr. IlAMLtN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 92) in addition
to the act entitled **An act to incorporate
the "Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Steam Packet Company,,5 to report it back
without amendment, and I ask the Senate to
consider it at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. The act to incorporate the Washington,
Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam Packet
Company, approved 3d March, 1820, and con-
tinued for twenty years by the act of 20th
February, 1849, is by this bill extended and
continued in full force and effect for another
period of twenty years, commencing with the
1st day of January, 1809 ; but Congress may
at any time hereafter modify or repeal the
sam£. No suit or action depending in any
court whatsoever in which the corporation
named is plaintiff or defendant shall abate or
be discontinued by reason of the expiration
of its charter, but the same shall continue and
be prosecuted m all respects as if the charter
had not expired j and the president and direct-
or:* who were in office at the time it expired
shall continue in office until others shall be
duly chosen in their places.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state to the Sen-
ate that it simply revives an act of incorpora-
tion which has existed here for forty years
incorporating a packet company between this
city and Baltimore. It has been once extended,
and they now ask to have it again extended.
Mr. DivAKE. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Maine whether the charter which is
proposed to be extended confers any exclusive
privilege upon ihis corporation?
Mr. HAMLIN. It does not.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for o
third reading, read the third time, and passed
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWAHD. The Committeemen thfj
Pacilic Uailroad, to whom was referred tho
joint resolution of the House of llepresenta
tives (II. It. No. 0) for the protection of the
interests of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railway Company, ami for other pur-
poses, have directed me to report it- back aud
ask that the committee be discharged from in
iuvther consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the vote will not be
put now upon the questiou of discharging the
committee. We desire to report a bill. Let
it lie over.
