1869
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
spondence, and also by bringing into the mails mail-
able matteroften nowclandestinely convoyed,chcap
ocean postage would become self-supporting: and
whereas cheap ocean postage would tend to quicken
commerce, to diffuse knowledge, to promote the in-
tercourse of families and friends separated by the
ocean, to multiply the bonds of peaco and good will
among men and nations, to advance the progress of
liberal ideas, and thus, while important to every
citizen, it would become the active ally of the mer-
chant, the immigrant, the philanthropist, and the
friend of liberty: Therefore,
lie it ievolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to open negotiations with the
European Powers, particularly with Great Britain,
Ifiance, and Germany, for the establishment of chcap
ocean postage.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is no objection to
acting on that now I should like to have it
adopted. If thei-e is any objection I am per-
fectly willing that it should go to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it would be as well
to refer it to the proper standing committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind my friend
that at this moment there are efforts making in
England to bring about a penny postage on the
ocean, and it seems to me very important that
the United States should be ready instantly to
cooperate in any such movement.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the executive author-
ities there have opposed this reduction.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The tendency
now is to favor it, and I wish to take advantage
of that tendency. I doit in behalf of the com-
merce of the country, in behalf of the large
immigrant population that we have in onr coun-
try and the children and descendants of immi-
grants, all of whom are particularly interested
in a cheap ocean postage. There is noquestion
of greater immediate practical interest that can
come before Congiess than this.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator of coursc is
aware that the Post Office Department is in
constant negotiation with foreign Powers for
the reduction of ocean postages, and has within
the last few years effected very great reduction
in that direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota object to the immediate
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. RAMSEY. I move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I am willing, if the Senator
asks it, that it shall be referred ; but I appeal
to my friend to report it promptly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that, objection being made, it is not debat-
able.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair.
The motion now is that it shall go to a com-
mittee, and that is debatable. 1 am entirely
satisfied that itshouldgo to the committee, but
I ask the chairman to lie good enough to report !
upon it immediately, so that we may do some-
thing to bring about this great boon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
he differs with him in regard to parliamentary
law. The rule states that the Senate shall not
consider a resolution on the day it is offered.
Debate on referring it is considering it in the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. But I understood that there
was no question except as to the destination of
the resolution. The Senator from Minnesota
moved that it be committed to the committee
of which he is chairman, and I make no objec-
tion to that, but, it is first debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is when the
resolution is properly before the Senate, but
it is considering the resolution in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
resolution is referred now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands. It is referred.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I ana con-
tent.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House h ad
signed the enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No.
41st Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 12,
21) authorizing the removal of the public
stables, steam saw mill, and other buildings
from the Capitol grounds; and it was thereupon
s'gued by the Vice President.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Robertson, Osbokn, Hamlin, Howe, Eeruy,
Boiieman, and Vickers the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities ; and
Messrs. Patterson, Williams, Schurz, and
Thursian as the members of the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment on the part of the
Senate.
tenure-oe-ofeice law.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate the question be
taken at four o'clock this afternoon on the civil-
tenure bill, as we call it. It has been discussed
for several days, and if we can agree now that
the debate shall end and the vole be taken at
four o'clock every Senator who desires to vote
can be present at that time. If the time for
taking the vote is left indefinite it may run into
the night. I hope there may be unanimous
consent that the vote be taken at four o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I think the Senator had
better say five o'clock. I do not wish to speak
upon it, but there are several Senators who do.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us commence voting
at four o'clock. There are several votes to he
taken, and I think we ought to commence the
voting at that time. There are several amend-
ments to be acted upon. 1 hope the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary will agree
to this suggestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very glad
if the Senate would commence its voting at font-
o'clock, or at an earlier tune. I wa3 desirous
of voting upon it yesterday.
Mr. POMERO Y. if we agree to it now by
unanimous consent we shall do it-
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kansas is authorized to give the unanimous
consent of the various members of the Senate
I shall be very much gratified. He certainly
can have mine that we vote at that hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island objects.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Kan-
sas has the right to ask for it. He does not
claim the right to give any consent but only his
own, and I think any member of the Senate
has a right to ask the Senate by unanimous
consent to fix a timefor vohngon any measure.
The VICE PRESiDEN 1'. The Senator from
Rhode Island objccts, and it is therefore not
before the Senate, it requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall have a
rule at some day by which the Senate them-
selves can fix the time for taking the vote on
any particular measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As there appears
to be no other morning business, if there be no
objection the unfinished business of yesterday
will now be taken up. The Chair hears no
objection, and the bill (II. R. No. 3) to repeal
an act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, the pending question being on
the amendment of the Senator from Nebiaska
[Mr. Thayer] to the amendment reported by
the Committee oti the Judiciary.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, [ have a
disinclination to discuss a question which seems
to have been exhausted. Another reason is
that I do not like to intermeddle with family
difficulties. Those who have discussed this sub-
ject, upon this side of the Chamber especial!}',
seem to have exhausted all argument upon H
and left nothing new to be said. _ It was said
of the celebrated Luther Martin, in his speech
upon the trial of Judge Chase, that he had left
nothing to be added and nothing to be sub
tracted. I think that remark may well apply
to those gentlemen who have entered into the
discussion of the constitutional question upon
this side of the Chamber. They remind me of
prize reapers which havegone over the harvest-
field and have left nothing to be gleaned, not a
grain of logic to be gathered, nor even a flower
of illustration to adorn the subject.
That the power of the President to remove
officers is a clear constitutional one there can, I
think, be no question. It has the authority of
argument, of precedent, of usage, and of acqui-
escence, and this acquiescence has existed for
seven (y-eight years. There has not been a single
precedent to the contrary from the year 1789 till
the year 1867. If any constitutional question
ever was settled, if any constitutional question,
ever can be settled, thismustbe. Theveryfirst
Congress which legislated to establish the dif-
ferent Departments of the Government enacted
a law creating the Department of War, which
was framed to provide that whenever the Pres-
ident should remove the Secretary the chief
clerk should take charge of all the records and
papers in the Department. The debates upon
that subject show that this phraseology was
expressly used for the very purpose of excluding
the idea that the removal by the President was
by the authoiity of that law, but that it was
recognized as a constitutional power. The act
of 1789 which recognizes this as a constitu-
tional power, was so framed as not to leave
the subject open to an inference that the power
existed by*the operation of that law. From
that day to 1807 every President of the United
States, sixteen in number, Washington, Adams,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, John Quincy
Adams, Jackson, Van Buren,Harrison, Tyler,
Polk,Taylor, Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan, and
Lincoln, have exercised the power of removal,
which power has been recognized by every
department of the Government. The Senate
has recognized it; the House of Represent-
atives and the judiciary has explicitly done so.
Every department of the Government has con-
ceded this power to exist in the President of
the United States, and many of the Attorney
Generals have filed written opinions sustain-
ing it.
Can it be said that a power which has been
exercised from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the enactment of the tenure-of-offiee
law is now to be controverted ; that it, shall be
shared by the Senate of the United States?
J do not design to comment upon the author-
ities which have been referred to by gentlemen
who have debated this subject, 'I here is one
thought, however, which occurred to me which
1 did not hear expressed, though it might have
been while I was temporarily absent from the
Chamber; that thought grows outof the power
of the President to commission officers and to
withhold commissions at his pleasure. If I
understand the character of the duty of the
President or of his act in the nomination of
an officer it is this : he examines into the char-
acter. the qualifications, and the citizenship of
the individual; and, knowing the particular
duties of that office and of the qual fications
necessary for the performance of those duties,
presents him to the Senate ofthe United States,
asks the advice and consent of the Senate to
that nomination ; and then, having the advice
and approval of that body, he appoints the
individual. The Senate does not appoint the
officer. The nomination is exclusively in the
power of the President. The approval of it is
in (he Senate; bat the appointment is in the
President. The language of the Constitution is:
"lie shall nominate and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint."
The President is to make the nomination,
and when the Senate approves of the individ-
ual thus nominated, he makes the appointment
and issues the commission.
"He shall take care that the laws be faithfally
executed, and shall commission all officers ot the
bnited States."
The appointment is not consummated until
the officer is commissioned. That commission
is to be issued by the Piesident of the United
States, and after it has been issued, and before
its delivery to the Secretary of State to have the
seal affixed, the President iia« control of it,
and he can either deliver the commission or
withhold it. ' It was so held in the case of
