178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Marburv vs. Madison. During the last hoars
of the Administration of the elder Adams he
nominated and the Senate confirmed justices
of the peace of this district, of whom Marbury
was one. After the new President came into
power (Mr. Jefferson) Mr. Madison, his Secre-
tary of State, withheld the commission. Mar-
bury applied for a mandamus, and the ease was
tried in the Supreme Court of the United States,
which said that the President had a right to
withhold the commission. I read a few pas-
sages from the decision of Chief Justice Mar-
shall in that celebrated case:
" The appointment being the sole act of the Pres-
ident mast be emphatically evidenced when it is
shown that he has done everything to he performed
by him."
Again:
" The appointment being, under the Constitution,
to be made by the President personally the delivery
of the deed of appointment if necessary to its com-
pletion, must be made by the President also."
Again:
"The appointment is the &ole act of the Presi-
dent."—1 Granch, p. 160.
And again, on the following page :
"The appointment is the sole act of the Presi-
dent."—1 Craneh. p. 161.
Not that the appointment is participated in
by the Senate of the United States, who merely
advise the President to make it, but it is one
which he makes himself. The Senate cannot
even make a suggestion to him of the name of
a candidate, but the nomination is exclusively
his. _ When the Senate has once advised the
President to make the appointment their power
ceases; they have no further agency in the
transaction. The very power given to the
President to appoint officers is given to him
to appoint ambassadors, public ministers, and
consuls—it is all in the same section—" and all
other officers of the United States."
If after the appointment of a public minis-
ter he shall misrepresent and prejudice the
interests of the country it is in the province
of the President to recall him. If the Pres-
ident can recall a public minister and appoint
another in his stead, why can he not remove
an officer who is abusing his trust, who may
be plundering the public Treasuiy, or may
become incompetent to discharge his duties,
or wilfully neglect to perform them? Shall it
be said that in such cases the President shall
have no power to remove a peculator or a
defaulter?
I do not agree with the doctrine announced
by the SenatorfromOhio, [Mr. Sherman,] that
wherever the Constitution is silent as to any
particular power it belongs to the Legislature.
I do not believe that the Legislature absorbs
all powers which the Constitution does not
expressly grant.. In this Government of limited
and delegated powers the Legislature has 110
authority to engross power or to exercise any
function not imparted by the Constitution. Its
powers arslimited and defined. Where a power
is expresly granted to the Legislature it may
exercise the power necessary to execute it.
If the power be an executive one, as the ap-
pointment and removal of officers, the im-
plication of what is essential to its exercise
inures to the Executive ; the implied power is
in the_ department of Government to which
the original power and duty pertain. Nor do I
agree with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz,] who said that the constitutional view
of a subject was notalways the most important.
Why, sir, if a power is not found in the Consti-
tution, expressly or necessarily implied from
the language used, how can the Legislature act?
Do we not first go to the Constitution to ascer-
tain whether a power is within its provisions?
Can there be any other source as high as that
sacred instrument; and shall it be said that we
are not first to look at that great fountain of
political wisdom, but that we are to look else-
where for legislative authority? This new doc-
trine of diverting the eye of the legislator from
the true and only source of political power, if
practiced, will necessarily lead to legislative
despotism and ultimately to revolution.
The Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Spragtje,] who spoke yesterday, and whose
remarks aroused the sensibilities of the Sen-
atorfromNevada, [Mr. Nye,] I haveno doubt,
from his experience of six years in this body,
was capable of forming a correct judgment of
its proceedings and of their character and
tendency ; and when the Senator from Rhode
Island uttered some denunciation against the
members of the profession of the law in this
body he doubtless had reasons to justify his
assertion. The Senator from Nevada, in his
eloquent eulogy upon the profession, did not
transcend its merits, He spoke of the lawyer's
toil and labor by the midnight lamp to ascertain
the law, that he might apply it to the transac-
tions of society. He knew that a lawyer after
his examination of the precedents and decisions
of the judges predicates his opinion upon them.
Well might the Senator from Rhode Island have
been astonished that when lawyers are trans-
lated from the bar to the Senate they should
ignore former precedents when great constitu-
tional questions are discussed ; that instead of
adhering to the principles and rules of interpre-
tation by which they were governed in jurispru-
dence, and to the opinions and precedents estab-
lished by the fathers and commentators upon
the Constitution and uninterrupted usage of the
Government, they should set up new lights,
disregard all principles of legal construction,
and endeavor to establish new versions not
predicated upon precedent, usage, or acquies-
cence. Well might the Senator complain of
the action of the members of the legal profes-
sion in this body who would act here upon ques-
tions of constitutional law upon principles and
rules of construction different from those by
which courts of law are controlled, and without
yielding respect to the opinions of the framers
of the Constitution, the discussions and judg-
ment of the great men who composed the First
Congress, and the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The qualifications for an office, as described
by Mr. Jefferson in the questions which he
asked, are: first, is he honest; second, is he
competent; and third, is he faithful to the Con-
stitution ? These are the essential qualifications
for office. The Senators from Vermont and
Michigan, and others on that side of the Cham-
ber who have discussed this question, have en-
deavored to show to the Senate that this law
is constitutional, salutary, and expedient, and
that they never could surrender the principle
which it contains. If it be constitutional, in
the opinion of these gentlemen, if a proper
law, and contains a principle which they will
never surrender, I should certainly vote, if I
believed as those gentlemen do, against any
repeal or any suspension of it. 1 understand
that the argument of these gentlemen is to
establish the constitutionality and the pro-
priety of the law; but the conclusion of the
argument is that though it is constitutional
and wise, and contains the most important
principle, it shall be repealed for a time; for
although it may be called a suspension it is
pro tempore a repeal. A law which is sus-
pended has no more effect during the suspen-
sion than if it were repealed; as far as the
ellect of it is concerned, if it be suspended, it
is virtually a repeal. Repeal and suspension in
this sense are convertible terms; and the Sen-
ators from Vermont and Michigan and others,
if they follow out their own conclusions, and
adopt the fair, logical, and legal results of their
own argument, can neither vote for repeal nor
suspension.
Is there any reason which applies to the sus-
pension that does not apply to the repeal? If
this be a good law why repeal it? If it be a
good law why suspend it? If it be a bad law
why continue it? Is it not remarkable that a
law which is pronounced good should be sus-
pended in its operation, and if bad should not
be repealed? The argument for the one is the
argument for the other. The Senator from
Indiana, in his speech a few days ago, pro-
nounced this law a mistake. I do not know
whether he voted for it or not.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that I was not a member of the Senate at that
time. If I had been I should have voted
against the law.
Mr. VICKERS. I was not aware of that;
but the Senator has declared the law to be
a mistake. It has been said that the three
hardest words to utter are "lam mistaken."
It was said of Frederick the Great that he
wrote once to the Senate that he had lost a
battle and the fault was entirely his own. In
that he displayed more greatness than in any
of the conquests which he made. A man who
can subdue his own will and pride of opinion
is greater than he who captures a city. I agree
with the Senator from Indiana that this law was
a mistake. It was a blunder, which, I believe,
Talleyrand said was worse than a crime.
It was a great mistake; and if the Sena-
tors with whom the Senator from Indiana acts
would only have the moral firmness and cour-
age which Frederick the Great had to acknowl-
edge error we should soon get rid of this
obnoxious measure. Yes, it was a mistake;
and I felt a regret that the Seuator from Indi-
ana, who has justly pronounced it so, should
have voted to convict and remove the late
President of the United States from his office
upon a law thus founded in mistake, and which
ought never to have marred the pages of the
statute-book.
Mr. MORTON. My friend will allow me
to interrupt him. While I said that I believed
this law to be inexpedient and a mistake I said
clearly at the same time that I believed it to
be constitutional, and that it was my duty to
enforce it while it was upon the statute-book.
I believe in executing the laws while they
are laws. When I think a law is a bad one I
propose to get clear of it in the right way, by
repealing it.
Mr. VICKERS. Then I understand the Sen-
ator from Indiana to say that, although he be-
lieves it to be a constitutional law, it is one
which was not expedient, virtually a bad law,
which ought never to have been passed? If
it be a vicious one, and ought never to have
been enacted, what becomes of all the charges
against the late President of the United States
for maladministration, for misconduct, under
it? This act almost deprived the Chief Magis-
trate of his office and produced a shock over
the whole country, the consequences of which
at one time no one could foresee or calculate.
When John Tyler became President of the
United States in consequence of the death of
G eneral Harrison, who lived only a month after
his inauguration, he threw the patronage of the
Government into the hands not of those who
had elected him, but of those who had opposed
his election. He endeavored to build up a
party to support and sustain him. But the
Whigs of that day never thought of passing a
tenure-of-offiee law to restrain him from the
exercise of his legitimate patronage? Did
they think of making such a law as this, not only
to restrain, but if possible, by virtue of any
alleged infraction ot it, to deprive him of the
office which he constitutionally held? The
President always had and exercised the power
of removing officers. There is no express
power in the Constitution given, as I stated,
to recall a public minister. There is none to
refuse conference and intercourse with the min-
ister of a foreign Government; and yet the
President of the United States could consti-
tutionally exercise the right to refuse either
to receive a public minister or to have inter-
course with one who did not treat the Govern-
ment with proper respect.
It may possibly be recollected by some in
this Chamber that when Genet, the celebrated
French minister, treated with disrespect the
Government of the United States, General
Washington demanded his recall aud refused
to hold intercourse with him. That minister
desired this Government to recognize the right
of French privateers to' bring captured vessels
of the British nation into the ports of the United
States, which General Washington refused to
allow, we being at peace with both nations,
when the minister said he would appeal to the
