1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
people of tlie United States, and for this Gen-
eral Washington demanded his recall. Where
is the authority to be found in the Constitution
of the United States for this? It is there by
necessary implication, it is absolutely and indis-
pensably necessary that the Executive should
possess such a power in order that he may
faithfully execute his official functions.
In 1810 I. Francis Jackson, the English min-
ister to this country, was highly disrespectful
to the Government, in using, in a dispatch to
the Secretary of State, the language of insinu-
ation against his sincerity. Mr. Madison re-
fused to receive any further communication
from him, and he left the country in disgrace.
No one ever doubted the authority of the Presi-
dent, or that it was an essential implied execu-
tive power.
This tenure-of-office law grew out of a dif-
ference of opinion between Congress and the
late President upon the reconstruction policy.
I do not suppose there was any abuse of power
on the part of the President prior to the pas-
sage of this law which could have given a
semblance of justification for it. I know that
it was said in debate upon it that the Presi-
dent had, after the adjournment of Congress,
appointed persons to office whom the Senate
had refused to advise and consent to; but it was
also said that he did this in virtue and in pur-
suance of the opinion of the law officer of
the Government, the Attorney General, who
declared that he had the constitutional right,
and that he had followed the practice of Gen-
eral Jackson and Mr. Lincoln.
But there was a difference of opinion on the
question of reconstruction. When the war
ceased Congress was not in session. The Pres-
ident had a great duty promptly to perform.
The southern States were disorganized and in
confusion, and his anxiety was that they might
be brought practically into the Union as speed-
ily as possible. Believing that the Union had
never been dissolved, that these were States in
it, and that they had a right to be restored to
their proper position in the Government, lie
endeavored to give them aid and assistance by
the appointment of provisional governors and
advising and assisting them to reorganize and
elect Senators and Representatives and be re-
stored to their places in the Senate and House
of Representatives. His object was one of
peace and of order. He desired to bring the
troubles of the nation to a speedy conclusion,
and all his efforts, which were of a patriotic
nature, had a tendency to produce that result.
That was his purpose, and that only. He wished
to restore them without impairing any of their
constitutional rights. But Congress took a
different view. They considered them as con-
quered provinces, did not look upon them as
States in the Union, and upon this difference
of opinion they resolved that officers to be
appointed should think as they did upon this
subject, and in order that the President might
not appoint persons who coincided with him
in opinion and who would aid him, or con-
tribute to bring about this great result which
the nation desired and looked for, they resolved
that he should not appoint any to office unless
the appointees were in harmony on this subject
with the Senate and House of Representatives.
There was simply this difference of opinion upon
reconstruction; there was, as I stated, no abuse
of power on the part of the President alleged
as a justification for the law. To justify me
in this assertion I will read a portion of the
debate which occurred on the passage of the
tenure-of-office bill. I will read first an extract
of a speech made by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmuxds.] The paternity of the
bill I believe belongs to the Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. William;}. ] But the bill was after-
wards a"nt to a committee and adopted by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] who
reported it to the Senate. By the bill as re-
ported the President had the right to remove
all his Cabinet officers, and upon that subject
the Senator from Vermont said:
"But it did soem to the committee, after a groat
deal of consultation and reflection, that it was right
and just that the Chief Executive of the nation in
selecting these named Secretaries, who by lawandby
the practice of the coantry and officers analogous to
whom by the practice of all other countries, are the
confidential advisers of the Executive respecting tho
administration of all his Departments, shouldbe per-
sons who were personally agreeable to him, in whom
he could place entire confidence and reliance, and
that whenever it should seem to him that, the state
of relations between him and any of them had be-
come so as to render this relation of confidence and
trust and personal esteem inharmonious, ho should
in such case be allowed to dispense with tho servicos
of thatofficer in vacation, and have some other per-
son act in his stead,
" We thought that so much discretion, so much con-
fidence, so much respect, ought to lie properly attrib-
uted to the Chiet Magistrate of the nation. It may
happen that at some particular time—some people
inay suppose that it has happened now—the Chief
Magistrate for tho time being ought not to bo invested
with such powers; but the committee have recom-
mended the adoption of this rule respecting the ten-
ure of officers as a permanent and systematic, and, as
they believe, an appropriate regulation of the G-ov-
ernmentforall Administrations andfoi all time, "&c.
'I will give the Senator from Vermont the
credit of consistency in asserting that this law
was intended to be permanent and was not
designed simply for a special purpose ; but in
avowing his purpose to vote for its suspension
does he not controvert the position taken by
him in 18G7, that it was " for all Administra-
tions and for all time?" The Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who drew the ori-
ginal bill, in the course of that discussion said :
"According to the theory of the Constitution tho
executive power is vested in tho President of the
United States, and these bends of Departments are
subordinate officers of the Presidcut, immediately
under his supervision. They are persons under his
immediate direction exccpt so tar as his specific
duties aio preseiibed by law. But the President
consults with these heads of Departments as to alt
measures ot his administration. They are regarded
as his confidential advisers, and ccrtainlv the law
which creates that relation between the President
and the heads of those Departments contemplates
that there shall bo a state of harmony botween all of
them; that there shall not bo a statu of war in the
executive department of tho Government; that it
shall not be divided against itself, but that tho sub-
ordinates or the heads of the different Departments
shall be in harmony or practical agrecmentwith the
President by whom they are appointed. The chief
reason that influenced mc to make the exception was
that I thought something was due to the President
of tho United States—to that office.''
Prom these extracts I submit to the calm
and deliberate judgment of the Senate whether
the Executive had so transcended his duty by
maladministration as to call for the enactment
of this law. These Senators who took such a
prominent part in the enactment, of the law,
by this very exception authorizing the Presi-
dent to remove his Cabinet officers at pleasure
and by the statements made in that debate,
conceded to him this right; and if he had
been guilty of any great offense that conces-
sion never would have been made. But those
Senators looked upon it as a permanent law.
Mr. President, if the policy of the late
President of the United States had been
adopted by Congress this Union would have
long since been cemented by the return of the
southern States. Three years ago that work-
would have been completed, and we should
have had a constitutional, fraternal, and har-
monious union. But Congress differed with
him in that respect; and I he President, as a
coordinate department of the Government,
having the same right to his opinions and to
the exercise of his judgment that Congress
had to theirs, was under no more obligation
to surrender his policy to Congress than Con-
gress was to yield theirs to him. He was a
coordinate branch of the Government, acting
from convictions of duty and opinions of con-
stitutional law and obligations, until ho was
prevented by Congress by the different dis-
abling acts which they passed in reference to
the exercise of the executive power. Now,
what is the condition of things? Nearly four
years have elapsed, and four Stales are still
out of practical relations with the Union.
This is not yet a perfect Union. Four States
are unrepresented in thisbody and in the other
House. Georgia got her head in at the last
Congress, but she has since been ejected; now
there are four States seeking for admission,
and we know not when they will be admitted.
If anything can vindicate the wisdom of the
policy of the late President I think that the
results which we have witnessed will amply
do so.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] stated
to the Senate that it would be impossible ferit
to examine all the cases which the President
would report for cause under this tenure-of-
office law. He truly said that there had been
a large number of documents accompanying
all the cases reported of defalcations by the
late President, which it would be impossible
for the Senate to examine. This law was not
only unnecessary and unconstitutional, but it
is practically impossible to be executed by the
Senate when the President shall have reported
delinquent officers whom he may have sus-
pended for cause, with the reasons and proofs
for such suspensions.
It has been publicly avowed on this floor
that the necessity for repealing or suspending
the law was that the present President of the
United States should have the power "to cleanse
the Augean stable;" that there should be a
general removal of officers. Let me say to
Republican Senators that if there shall be a
general removal they will witness the discharge
of four fifths of those who are in agreement
with them in political opinions. Four fifths of
the present officers are in harmony with the
majority of the Senate. It was obvious, after
the passage of the tenure-of-office law, that the
President could not appoint those who advo-
cated his reconstruction policy, and he was
obliged to nominate Republicans or Conserva-
tives in accord on tbat subject with the Senate
or allow the offices to be unfilled. If "the
Augean stable is necessary to be cleansed," it
will not be by the removal of those who enter-
tain views in accord with the late President of
the United States.
But the doctrine is now avowed that the
Senate of the United States should repeal or
suspend a law in order to allow the President
to make removals from office, and it is declared
here that those removals may be made simply
for differences of political opinion. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] said that in
the election of a President a policy was estab-
lished, and tbat to carry out that policy it was
necessary that the officers of the Government
should be in political hailnony with the Presi-
dent. 1 should like to know what policy was
established by the election of the present Presi-
dent of the United States? Was a financial
policy established by it? The differences of
opinion existing in this body and in the other
House show that there is no fixed policy on
that subject. It seems that every one has a
theory of his own in reference to the finances.
Was a policy in reference to our foreign relations
marked out by the election? What policy, then,
was established? Which policy is it that re-
quires an officer who is honest, competent, and
faithful, and is loyal to the Constitution and Gov-
ernment of this country, should think upon
political subjects as the President of the United
States thinks? What relation has the political
opinions of an officer with the practical duties
of the office which lie is bound to perform? I
can see none. Gentlemen of the same party
differ upon political questions. They differ
upon this very question. Surely the tenure-
of-office act, its continuance or its repeal, was
not one of the subjects of the policy which the
Senator from California says was established
by the election of the present President of the
United States?
I agree with the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] that the system of appointments to
office is a vicious one. and that some corrective
should be applied. No man who performs his
duty, who is honest, faithful to the Constitution
of his country, and who is a loyal man in the
high sense which I give to loyalty, and which
was given by the venerable and distinguished
statesman from Delaware, recently a member
of this body—that true loyalty was obedience
to the Constitution and the laws made in pursu-
ance of it—should be removed from office for '
political reasons. When a public officer is loyal
in that sense; when he is true to the Constitution;
