1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Events have proved the correctness of the policy set
forth in my first and subsequent messages; the woes
which have followed the rejection of forbearance,
magnanimity, and constitutional rule are known
and deplored by the nation.
" It is matter of pride and gratification, in retiring
from the most exalted position in the gift of a free
people, to fee I and know tha,t in a long, arduous, and
eventful public life my action has never been influ-
enced by desire for gain, and that I can in all sin-
cerity inquire, 'Whom have I defrauded? whom
have I oppressed? or of whose hand have I received
any bribe to blind my eyes therewith?' No responsi-
bility for wars that have been waged or blood that
has been shedrests upon me. My thoughts have been
those of peace, and my effort has ever been to allay
contentions among my countrymen.
" Forgetting the past, let us return to the first prin-
ciples of the Government, and, unfurling the banner
of our country, inscribe upon it in ineffaceable char-
acters, 'The Constitution and the Union, one and
inseparable.'"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nebraska.
The Secretary will report the amendment to
the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment reported by the committee by
striking out the words proposed to be inserted
by the committee and inserting:
Made and declared to be inoperative from and
alter the passage of this act: Provided, lioioever. That
the President shall report to the Senate within ton
days from the beginning of each session all appoint-
ments made by him during the preceding recess
of the Senate which require confirmation by the
Senate.
So that if amended the bill will read 
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Secretary to sus-
pend there, and I ask permission of the Senate
to add the following words to my amendment,
so as to make them a part of it, if there be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to modify his amendment previous to a
vote upon it, the yeas and nays not having yet
been ordered.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; then I add the
words which 1 send to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska modifies his amendment by adding
to it. The Secretary will now report the whole
amendment 011 which the vote of the Senate is
first to be taken.
The Chief Clekk. The amendment, as
modified, is to insert in lieu of the words pro-
posed to be inserted by the committee the fol-
lowing :
Made and declared to be inoperative and void from
and after the passage of this act: Provided, however,
That the President shall report to the Senate within
ten days Ironi the beginning of each session all ap-
pointments made by him during tile preceding recess
of the Senate which require confirmation by theSen-
ate; and all persons rejected during asession of Con-
gress shall not be again appointed to ofliceduiing the
iollowing recess.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
to use the words "no persons" instead of" all
persons,'1 so as to read :
No persons rejected during a session of Congress
shall be again appointed to office during the follow-
ing recess.
Mr. THAYER. "No persons" istheproper
phraseology, and I will adopt that.
Mr. MO KTO N". I suggest to my friend from
Nebraska to change the time within which a
report shall be made of appointments during
the recess from ten days to thirty days. I am
advised by a Senator of large experience that
ten days will be too short a time in which to
make that report; that there are reasons why
it should be put st twenty-five or thirty dajs.
I therefore suggest thirty days.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Nebraska, at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, modifies his amendment so
as to require a report of all appointments made
during the recess within the first thirty days of
the ensuing session. The question now is on
the amendment, as modified, to the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I have sub-
mitted that amendment with the object of
securing a direct vote of the Senate on the
question of repeal. I would prefer avoteonthe
bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, because there it is simply the question
of repealing or not repealing thetenure-of-office
law ; but as the committee have reported back
the bill with an amendment proposing to strike
out the word "repealed," I have adopted the
phraseology in my amendment and have added
a proviso to it; and I hope the friends of repeal
will vote for the amendment which I have had
the honor to offer in its present shape.
I have not risen, Mr. President, for the
purpose of entering into a general discussion
of the questions which have been presented in
the progress of this now prolonged debate. I
have not the presumption to suppose that I
can present any new considerations. I shall
only touch upon a few points to which the
attention of the Senate has been already called.
I take it that nothing is better established
than that the tenure-of-office law was called
into being to meet a peculiar emergency. The
author of the iaw may have contemplated it
as a permanent enactment. I take him at his
word, and believe him ; but I do assert that in
the opinion of the country it was contemplated
only as a law to meet the case which had arisen.
Andrew Johnson had been elected to the high
office of Vice President of the United States
by the American people, andth rough the actof
an assassin he had ascended to the highest office
in the gift of the American people. The ver-
dict of the people in the election of 1864 was
that Mr. Lincoln should be the presiding Chief
Magistrate of this nation ; and it was also the
verdict of the American people that those who
sustained the principles on which the Repub-
lican party triumphed in the election of 1864
should occupy the positions of honor and trust
in this nation. That was a part of the verdict
of the American people, just as much as it was
the verdict of the American people that Mr.
Lincoln should be the President of the United
States. This man, Johnson, thought proper
to abandon those who elevated him to power.
He determined to violate and did violate all
the pledges which he had made. He did for-
swear the principlesupon which he was elected,
and joined the political enemies who had
fought him from the commencement of the
rebellion. Then he undertook to inaugurate
" my policy," so called. Then he undertook
to sweep from power and place those who had
sustained President Lincoln, and who had
sustained the principles upon which Mr. Lin-
coln's administration went into power. It was
then, and not till then, that it occurred to
members of this body to originate the tenure-
of-office law. No Senator will rise in his place
here and assert that he had contemplated such
a law as this until the treachery of Andrew
Johnson was patent to the world. Therefore,
I say it was an exceptional case; it was an
exceptional law.
I sustained this law although I did not have
the honor to be a member of this body when
it passed : but I have by my votes on every
occasion when the question has been before
the Senate in various phases sustained the law.
I had no doubt about its constitutionality. I
honor those who originated it. for they did it
with a good purpose; and though there may
be doubts about the expediency of having
adopted it I have-nothing to say on that point.
Whatever purpose was designed for it to ac-
complish it has accomplished. It has had its
day,*and the time for it lias passed.
The subject of impeachment has been alluded
to. It has been suggested that those who voted
for the conviction of Andrew Johnson would
be guilty of inconsistency in now voting for the
repeal of this law. Not so : or at least I find
no inconsistency in marching right up to vote
for the repeal. I voted for the conviction of
Andrew Johnson under this law, because he
had violated its provisions. It was not for me i
to consider on that, trial whether it was a just j
law or an unjust law ; it was not for me to con- j
sider whether it was a constitutional law or an
unconstitutional law; the question for me to
determine on the sacred oath which I had
taken was whether he, Johnson, had violated
its provisions; and I had no hesitation, no
doubt, no difficulty in arriving at the conclu-
sion that he had violated its provisions, and
that under the law he was guilty of high crimes
and misdemeanors, and I so voted.
I shall now vote to repeal this law. One
reason I have already given, that it was to meet
an exceptional case. I will not now vote to
put upon an honest man the manacles which I
helped to forge for a dishonest man. I will
not now bestow upon an honest man the treat-
ment which I gave to a criminal. I am not
here to speak for the President of the United
States. I have no authority for that. But I
will judge of him in the position which he occu-
pies as I would judge of myself were I in his
position. I will reason in regard to him as I
would reason in regard to any Senator of this
body who might occupy the position which he
occupies. I undertake to say in regard to
every member of this body that if he were in
the position of President Grant to-day he would
expect at least, though he would have no right
to ask it, that this law should be repealed; and
every Senator now in my hearing, if placed in
that position, would desire its repeal. Human
nature is the same the world over. I say that
no man can enter upon the Presidency now
without feeling, if this law is continued upon
the statute-book, that it is kept there as an
intentional restraint upon him. I would so
feel it, and so would you, sir; and so would
every Senator on this floor. So much on that
point.
We are presenting a most extraordinary
spectacle here in this Senate. The candidate
of the Republican party has been inaugurated ;
his Administration is about embarking upon the
sea which is before us. I desire, for one, to give
it a smooth sea and fair sailing. I desire to
show by my act that I do confide in it from the
beginning ; and I by my vote mean to show my
desire to have harmony between the Executive
and the Congress of the United States. The
country has witnessed the spectacle of an an-
tagonism between the Congress and the Exec-
utive for the three past years. I now desire
most earnestly, as every other Senator upon
this floor desires, I have not the slightest doubt,
to see the utmost harmony between Congress
and the Executive; and I am willing by my
vote to show that confidence, and by that vote
I help to insure confidence between two coor-
dinate branches of the Government.
What is this spectacle which the counlry
now witnesses? We have this law upon the
statute-book which we passed to prevent An-
drew Johnson from removing Republicans from
office. That was the purpose. I strip it of all
guise, of all arguments, of all constitutional
questions. The object was to prevent the
unjust removal of those men who would not
follow Andrew Johnson in his tortuous course
of treachery to those who had elevated him to
power. We cannot evade it. That was the real
issue. It was to protect those who were true
to the principles upon which Abraham Lincoln
had been reelected President of the United
States. We passed that law to tie the hands of
Andrew Johnson. To-day in the Senate of the
United States a portion of the Republican
party—and allow me to say that I speak of
them in terms of the highest respect; I con-
cede to them the utmost purity ot' motive and
of purpose—are striving to continue the law
upon the statute-book which will prevent U.
S. Grant from removing from office the treach-
erous men who followed Johnson in his treason
and the other Copperheads—well, that may be
a forbidden word here—but others who are the
political enemies of the dominant party in this
Chamber. I repeat, we passed the law to pre-
vent the removal of Republicans from office;
and aportion of the Republican party are strug-
gling here to-day to continue in force a law
which will prevent President Grant from re-
moving from office the Johnsonized political
brigands who were floated upon the_ surface
after his treachery and appointing m their
stead men who sympathize with and support
the principles of the Republican party. I say
this is an extraordinary spectacle.
