186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
I have just spoken. Nothing else in the Con-
stitution is calculated to throw any. light by
express terms 011 the power of removal. It
remains, therefore, so far as any explicit lan-
guage of the Constitution is concerned, pre-
cisely where the general grant of executive
power, backed by the charge upon the Exec-
utive to see that the laws were faithfully exe-
cuted, would have left it, and does leave it. It
is, in fact, very plainly, as I think, a larger
and less limited power than the power of ap-
pointment. It is not to be conceived that it
was an omitted case. Here were those emi-
nent, wise, deliberate men bringing to bear
the studies of their lives upon what they knew
was the greatest subject that could ever em-
ploy them or their countrymen, the construc-
tion of the fundamental sanction of the Gov-
ernment in the form of a Constitution. Will
it do to say here or anywhere that they forgot
to provide for the question of removals ? Who
can seriously insist that it was a case omitted
in the Constitution? It was no case omitted.
It was nothing that was overlooked. They(
deemed it to be provided for in the general
grant of power, backed up by the great charge
laid upon the President to see to thefaithful
execution of the laws. They were willing to
leave it there with the single qualification with
regard to such removals and the appointments
thereon made as might happen during the re-
cess of the Senate. So they left it; and so it
has been understood in all the departments of
the Government from that time to the present,
so far as any understanding can be derived by
us, in the only way in which we are compe-
tent to speak of an understanding of the Gov-
ernment; that is, by the lawful action of the
Government expressing an understanding.
Is it not plain, sir; is it not entirely clear—
I say it with the greatest deference to the dif-
fering opinions—that under all the circum-
stances, the largeness of the grant of execu-
tive power, the circumstance that appoint-
ments are provided for, that removals were
thought of, a single limitation prescribed, no
other intimated, that the power of removal
was intended to be left at large in the hands
of the Executive? Why should it not be? The
power of appointment may well be, generally
is, whenever possible ought to be, an act of
deliberation, of time, of discussion. Hence
two branches of the Government act in order
to accomplish a result. There is an aggregatio
mentium between them ; a meeting of minds
and of judgments. But in a case of removal
how different may be the circumstances, espe-
cially with an army of officeholders scattered
over the vast extent of your country? The
call may be sudden, the occasion imminent in
which the President has to act. Why should his
arm, why should a swift execution of his judg-
ment, be fettered by the slow movements, by
the contested deliberations of another branch
of the Government? Is there anything in the
nature of things which should assimilate the
power of removal to the power of appointment
in a Government like ours?
Gentlemen have said that there is no power
like the President's power of removal in any
Government in the world. I have found that
fo understand the powers of this Government
has so occupied such poor faculties as I have
as to render me incompetent to speak so con-
fidently of the powers of other Governments
of the world. But, sir, I understand that in
every Government of the world the right to re-
move is possessed and asserted, whenever the
need is, by whatever branch ofthe Government
correspondsmost nearly towhatwe denominate
our executive department; and if it is not exer-
cised as frequently as in this country it is be-
cause they have a practice different from ours,
and, I may add, better than ours. "They have
a practice that it is not desirable that upon
every change of Administration all officers,
including not merely those chief officers who
may themselves be said to represent in an emi-
nent degree the change of policy in the coun-
try, but the army of hundreds and thousands
of subordinateofficebolders, down to the lowest
tide-waiter, should be changed. Having no
such practice as we seem to have, the power
of removal is not asserted so frequently or_ so
extensively as in this country. But, sir, I think
I must be right in saying that the power exists
in all those Governments as fully as it exists
in ours, and is wielded by the same general
political force as that which is represented in
what we call the executive department here. _
I argue, then, that the power of removal is
not in the President and Senate ; that there is
nothing in the language of the Constitution to
authorize such a view; but there is everything
in it to lead to a different result.
The only theory remaining to be considered is
that denominated briefly the legislative theory.
That is a theory which ma}' be summed up in
these words: that the question is a question
omitted in the Constitution; the case is not
provided for ; and hence that the Congress of
the United States is authorized to deal with the
subject, to take it to itself for that purpose by
clause eighteen of the enumeration of the pow-
ers of Congress in the Constitution:
" To make all laws which shall, be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States or in
any department or officer thereof."
Until very recently that theory had not many
supporters in the United States. The first dis-
tinguished man within this generation who
advanced it was Mr. Calhoun, who has been
referred to, I think, in support of it in this
Chamber. It was no new doctrine with him.
Itwill be found presenting itself here and there,
somewhat obscurely, but intelligibly enough, in
the great debate in the Congress of 1789 on the
question of the power of removal. It never, I
believe, was proposed to be made the founda-
tion of legislative action in Congress until the
passage of the tenure-of-office act two years
ago. I regard it as a doctrine as untenable as
the other, and far more dangerous. It is the
first deliberate step, in my judgment, toward
a policy that shall enable the Congress to
absorb to itself all the powers of Government
which are not withheld from it by the most
express language. The idea of this section
which has been acted on here seems to me to
make of it a Serbonian bog of construction, in
which not merely a President may sink and be
overwhelmed, but in which the Constitution of
the country will sink and disappear. I say
as construed and acted upon in the recent legis-
lation of Congress, because properly construed
and carefully acted upon there can be, and there
is, no danger to be apprehended from it.
What is the meaning of this section? Is the
meaning of it, in the first place, that Congress
at its will may in executing this section disre-
gard the fundamental principle of the division
of powers in the Government; thatitmay break
down all the partitions between the depart-
ments, and under pretext of supplementing
some deficiency of provisions in the Constitu-
tion as to any powers reposed in the Govern-
ment, or say in the President, may take to
itself the whole subject, as it has done here,
may deal with it as it will, and deposit it where
it will ? Is that a construction which can be suf-
fered for one moment ? Is it not a most intol-
erable meaning to fasten upon such a section?
Why, sir, suppose it were true that no power
of removal is provided for in the Constitution ;
suppose we were forced to admit, as the gen-
tlemen on the opposite side contend, that we
must look to this section for such legislation
as is necessary to permit that most needful
power to be exercised, how should that legis-
lation be framed ? Is it possible that the Con-
gress of the United States, disregarding the
great fact that the executive power of appoint-
ing to an office, of supervising officers, of
commissioning for office, is confided to the
Executive conjointly with the Senate in one
case, solely and exclusively upon his own re-
sponsibility and discretion in the other cases—
is it possible, I say, is it tolerable, that Con-
gress shall be permitted to say, " We will with-
draw this power from the Executive in carry-
ing out the deficiencies of the provisions of
Congress as to the Executive power; we will
deal with it as we_ see fit; we will confide it
partly to the President and partly to the Sen-
ate?" Can the Congress say that? Must they
not, in supplying the want of power, or rather
in supplying the legislation necessary to carry
out power, adhere as closely as possible to the
general lines of division, of separation, to the
large checks and balances presented in the
Constitution ? Is it not entirely certain that if
the doctrine set up here be true, that this is a
legislative power, it can be taken away wholly
from the Executive, it may be assumed to
itself by this House, or it may be exercised
by this House conjointly with the other, or it
may be given to the other House, or it may
be given to the Supreme Court of the United
States or to any judge thereof?
Is there any step at which gentlemen can
arrest the processes of this argument and say,
"Here is the fault?" Congress either has no
power, or it has all the power to do as it will.
That is the argument of the gentlemen on the
other side; and their logic has been carried to
its ultimate result in the law which is now
under discussion. I think really there is
scarcely room for a reasonable doubt that the
tenure-of-office act in the respect which I am
now discussing has gone far beyond any con-
ceivable power intended to be granted, or
granted in fact under this general clause of
which I have been speaking.
Nor can I understand, I may be permitted
to say with the greatest respect for any act of
legislation of Congress, in what way it can be
considered making a law proper to carry oat
a power so to frame that law as to nullify the
power in the hands to which it was originally
confided. Who does not know that that has
been the result of the act now before us? If
there is anything in the nature of the executive
power with regard to the appointment 10 office
which stands out more distinctly than another
it is the fact that the intention was, under all
circumstances, to give to the Executive the
delectus personal, as the lawyers call it, the
choice as to the persons who should fill the
offices. Is there any doubt about that? He
has it in the original appointment. He chooses
whom he will send in to you. You may reject
the first man and the second man, and so on
down to the twentieth man; you confirm the
twenty-first man who is sent to you, and still
the twenty-first man is his choice, and not
yours.
Yet, to-day, in the matter of removal—equal
in importance, greater in importance, I should
say—the President practically has no choice
whatever. Is it not so ? A contest arises
as to the removal of an official occupying an
influential position in his department, having
many friends in this body. The Senate, justly
or unjustly—because, of course, it is a conceiv-
able thing that a body as large as this, under
the press of business, might act erroneously
and even unjustly in a given case—the Senate,
at all events, refuses to remove, rejects the
application of the President for the removal
of the offending official forreasons satisfactory
to itself. He remains in office. You keep
him there over the head ■of the President.
You have taken away from the President his
choice of a person in that office. He might
have been his choice ; he was his choice when
he put him there, but having become nnfaith-
ful he ceased to be his choice; and yet you
deny to him his choice. You withhold from
him that selection of persons which, in my
judgment, constitutes the very essence of the
executive right to appoint to office or to fill office
under any and all circumstances whatever.
It seems to me that the legislative theory is
equally unfounded with the other, and, may I
be permitted to repeat, far more mischievous
in its ultimate consequences. We come back,
therefore, to the original proposition, that the
power of removal is in the President and not
elsewhere, subject only to the single limitation
applicable to such removals as are made dur-
ing the recess of the Senate. I am supported
