1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ist
in that view by the letter of the Constitution,
by the principles upon which our Government
is framed, by the great principle of the divis-
ion of power, of the separation of the depart-
ments. I am supported by the unbroken con-
struction of this Government itself since its
foundation down to the period of the passage
of this act—nearly eighty years—a construc-
tion which has settled the question, if anything
ever can be settled by a course of govern-
mental dealing. If I may employ the language
of a very great man who had once occasion to
speak^ on this matter, it is " settled by con-
struction, settled by precedent, settled by the
practice of the Government, settled by legisla-
tion." I admit there inay be a question as to
how far a court is bound by the construction
of a Government as to its own laws: but where
a power, to say the best for it, is doubtful, the
practical construction of the Government for
neai ly a century denying it, asserting a different
power, ought to be final, ought to be the set-
tled law of the subject; and it seems to me
that whenever a Government ceases to permit
its own action to be a law unto itself in dealing
with its officers or its citizens it has made a
very great stride toward the worst condition of
things.
Way, I am supported by the amendment to
the bill from the House of Representatives,
brought in here by the Judiciary Committee;
an amendment that proposes to do—what?
To continue the law? No. To repeal the
law? No. We know that the law was passed
and passed again by very large majorities in
both Houses of Congress ; and now it is pro-
posed to suspend it for the pjriod of eight
months ; to suspend a general law of the lie-
publicofthe United States, enacted under most
peculiar circumstances, after a most thorough
discussion, as the culminating act and issue of
the greatest controversy that had ever been up
to that time between the executive and legisla-
tive branches of this Government. It is pro-
posed to suspend that act for eight months. Is
there any such ground upon which Senators can
stand ? Is there any middle point between the
abandonment of the law or the maintenance of
the law ? It is either a good law or it is a bad
law. If it is a good law, maintain it; if it is a
bad law, away with it. If the right which is
claimed in it for this body is a right derived
under the Constitution it is laid by the Consti-
tution on this body, and it is a right which con-
cerns the Commonwealth. It is a grave con-
stitutional duty put upon this body to receive,
to discuss, to accept, or to reject, in your advis-
ory capacity, the nominations of the President.
Who shall absolve you from the performance
of that duty? Who can absolve you? Can
an act of Congress set you free from the bonds
of the Constitution? Surely that will not be
said. I say that this amendment itself sup-
ports the view which I have taken, that the law
is one which ought not to stand.
Much has been said upon the subject of
confidence in the distinguished man who has
come to the head of the Government. It is
not wonderful that in the first flush of his
accession to the great powers intrusted to him
gentlemen should be disposed to speak with a
cordial, overflowing effusion of their personal
confidence in the President. I respectfully
suggest that such expressions are not precisely
in point here. This Senate is a branch of the
Government. The President is a branch of
the Government. The Senate of the United
States confides in the President because the
Constitution confides in him. To that extent it
confides in him fully and frankly. He confides
in us in the same spirit, to the same extent,
and from the same high motive. So far as any
question of confidence of that kind is con-
cerned there will be no difference of opinion,
I think, among the gentlemen, of whom I am
one, on this side of the Chamber. The course
we shall take upon this question will be
prompted by our sense of duty to the Consti-
tution. If othergentlemen choose to act from
a more personal motive I do not desire to 1
arraign them.
I am not surprised, Mr. President, that this
law has been spoken of, even by gentlemen who
voted for it, and who have risen here with man-
hood and frankness to confess their error, as a
law unwise in its conception, impracticable in
execution, and only mischievous in its effects.
I can well understand that a State, like a man,
if it will violate the laws of its own being, must
pay the full penalty.
The Democrats have been spoken of 011 this
floor—1 hope in considerately; I know unjustly—
as seeking in this contest to accomplish some
partisan advantage. Were that their object,
were they disposed to exercise the high trust
confided in tliem here from so low a point of
view, doubtless their course would be extremely
clear. Obviously their policy would be to leave
those who tied this knot to untie it, to permit
the geullemen who fastened a law on the coun-
try, which many of them condemn, which a
few justify, but which I think it will be the
candid admission of all is of doubtful utility—
I say it would be to permit those gentlemen
who put that law on the country to take it off
And perhaps on any question less grave than
the present, affecting as it does fundamental
principles of the Government, the great rules
of constitutional construction, the great bal-
ances of power which hold up and maintain
the fabric of our Constitution in its strength
and just proportions, it might be open to them
to take such a course. But if they feel as I
do—and I have talked with most, if not all of
them; they are not many to sec or far to seek—
with this view of the present duty they feel
that they can discharge it only in one way.
I shall not vote, sir, for any of the proposed
amendment^ to the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives. I am for the re-
peal of the law, pure and simple. I shall vote
for that because I believe the tenuie-of-office
act to be a violation of the Constitution and to
have endangered, and, for the time, disturbed
some of the most important balances of the Con-
stitution ; not only those between the execu-
tive and legislative departments, but between
this and the other House of Congress. I put
my vote on that high ground; I choose to put
it on no lower ground; and without reference
to any man now or heretofore in the presiden-
tial chair I shall take this course, only too
happy, sir, to have, for the first time in my
life, an opportunity by my voice and vole to
do soruethingfor the country which has done so
much for me and mine, by aiding to restore
the Government to the ancient ways of the
Constitution, where only can a free people find
peace, prosperity, and happiness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 28, noes 19; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 22, 1869.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, i>. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of Saturday's proceedings, but was interrupted
by
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
Nebraska asks that by unanimous consent the
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNEll. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
PETITIONS AND iliiUOKlALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
C. B. Sabin, against holding an election in
Texas in July, 1869, and Setting forth that if
Texas shall be organized under the proposed
constitution it will be handed over to the
rebels. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michi-
gan, asking the General Government for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the Min-
eral Range railroad ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present a communica-
tion in the nature of a memorial from Hon.
John Gregory Smith, president of the Northern
Pacific railway, covering two other communi-
cations in the nature of memorials on the sub-
ject of the Island of San Juan, in the north-
western waters. They are of very considerable
interest, and set forth the value of that island
to the United States. 1 move that the papers
be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of H.
B. Moulton, prajing compensation for time
lost in consequence of injuries received by the
explosion at the Washington arsenal June 17,
1861; which was referred to the Committee 011
Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a petition, nu-
merously signed by citizens of Kansas, relating
to the establishment of a new land district in
that State. They ask that a new land district
for the western and northwestern portion of
the State be established by act of Congress, and
that the office be located at the town of Irving.
The executive depaitment has, by law, the
►right to locate the laud offices, but it will re-
quire an act of Congress to create the district.
1 therefore move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, so far as
it relates to the new land district.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE presented the petition of Theo-
dori C. Lyon, ot Columbus, Mississippi, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee 011
tho Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FERRY. I offer a paper in the nature
of a petition in aid of the application of Alfred
Chapman, of Virginia, praying for the removal
of his disabilities. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of J.
Brainard, M. D., praying for a modification of
the laws governing medical practice in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GILBERT presented the memorial of
Harrison Reed, Governor of Florida, praying
for the restoration of the land grants to that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of Wil-
liam L. Criglar, of Florida, asking that his
political disabilities be removed; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Ile-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENT'ON. I present a preamble and
resolution of the Chamber of Commerce of
New York which bear upon the subject of the
bill that I had the honor to introduce a few
days ago. 1 send them to the Clerk's desk, and
ask that they be read.
Mr. GRLMKS. Oh, no; we do not read
petitions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule says
that a brief abstract of petitions can be given
by the Senator presenting them.
Mr. FENTON. I will do so. The papers
which I now present are a preamble and reso-
lution of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York with reference to the secret sales ot
Government bonds and gold by the Treasury
Department.
The papers were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
