192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
March* 22,
Mr. POMEROY. I understood that com-
mittee had reported this bill.
Mr. VICKERS. No, sir.
M?. HARLAN. It is the same bill that was
reported and passed at the last session of Con-
gress, as I understand it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think every bill ought
to be reported by a committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. The bill was reported
from the Committee on the District of Columbia
after a full consideration at the last session,
and passed the Senate, and was only laid, for
want of time in the House ofRepresentatives,
on the Speaker's table.
The question being put on the motion to
refer, there were on a division—ayes 9, noes
16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. PATTERSON called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN^ We had better have
another division. I think that will settle it.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ If there be no
objection the Senate will again be counted.
The question being again put, there were
on a divisiou—ayes 18, noes 21.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 44.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 44) to amend the
judicial system of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will only be
necessary to read the amendment of the com-
mittee, as it is merely making it more definite.
The amendment is a substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary, which was to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and insert:
That the Supreme Court of thcUnited States shall
hereafter consist of the Chief Justice of the United
States and eight associate justices, any six of whom
shall constitute a quorum; and tor this purpose there
shall bo appointed an additional associate justice of
said court.
SKC. 2. And be it further enacted. That for each of
the nine existing judicial circuits there shall be
appointed acircuit judge, who shall reside iu his cir-
cuit and shall possess the same power and jurisdic-
tion therein as the justice of the Supreme Court
allotted to the circuit. The circuit courts in each
circuit .shall be held by the justice of the Supreme
Court allolted to the circuit, or by the circuit judge
of the circuit, or by the district judge of the district
sitting alone, or by the justice of the Supreme Court
and circuit judge sitting together, in which cuse the
justice of the Supreme Court, shall preside, or, in the
absence of either of them, by the other (who shall
preside) and the district judge. And such courts
may be held atthosamctiiuehi thedtfferentdistricts
of the same circuit; and more than one such court,
by direction of the presiding justice or judge, who
shall designate the business to be done in each, may
be held at the same time in the same district. The
circuit judges shall each receive an annual salary of
$5,000.
fc>EC. 3. Awl be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall affect the powers of the justices of the
Supreme Court as judges of the circuit court.
Sec 4. And be it further enacted. That it bhall be
the duty of each justice of the Supreme Court to
attend at least one term of the circuit court in each
district of his circuit during eyery period of two
years.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the clerks
of the circuit court shall be appointed by the circuit
judges respectively, and the clerks of the district
courts by the district judges respectively i Provided,
That the pie&ent clerks of said court shall continue
in office tiil other appointments be made in their
places or they be otherwise removed,
Mr. DRAKE. Some days since I had an
amendment to this amendment printed, which
I desire to offer.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the second section of
the amendment of the Judiciary Committee,
and in lieu thereof to insert:
That the district courts of the United States shall
hav*©'"original cognizance of suits now originally
cog&fea&leby the circuit courts of the United States;
and the original jurisdiction hereby vested m said
district courts shall be as full and complete as the
same is now by law in said circuit courts.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all suits
by appeal or writs of error now pending in said
circuit courts shall be certified, together with all
the papers pertaining thereto, for further proceed-
ings, to the respective district courts established
by this act, and the last-named courts shall have
full and complete jurisdiction to hear and dispose
of the same and of all matters connected there-
with, subject to the rights of appeal and writs of
error, as hereinafter prescribed; and all suits_ of
original cognizance still pending in the existing
circuit courts of the United States are hereby trans-
ferred to the district courts of the respective dis-
tricts where said circuit courts are now held, to-
gether with all the pleadings, processes, and other
papers and documents pertaining thereto; and the
clerks of said circuit courts shall deliver to theclerks
of the respective district courts all the records,
books, papers, documents, furniture, awd any other
property belonging to said circuit courts or the offices
of the clerks thereof, taking a receipt therefor; and
thereupon the same shall be in the legal custody of
said district clerks, subject to the control of said
district courts. All process in suits of original cog-
nizance hereby transferred to the respective district
courts which have been issued and not yet returned
shall be returnable to the district courts as if origin-
ally issued therelroin ; and said district courts shall
have as full jurisdiction over said suits and all mat-
ters pertaining thereto as the said circuit courts
would have had if this act had never been passed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That hereafter
there shall be in each judicial circuit only one circuit
court of the United States, the judges of which shall
be the justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States assigned to said circuit and theseveral judges
of the district courts within said circuit. Said jus-
tice of the Supreme Court shall be the presiding
judge of said circuit court, and all writs and other
process of said court shall be tested in his name; and
during a vacancy caused by his death, resignation,
or otherwise, said writs and other process shall be
tested in the name of the district judge in said cir-
cuit who is oldest in commission, and said district
judge shall preside in said circuit court whenever
said justice of the Supreme Court is absent there-
from. Each of said circuit courts hereby established
shall only have appellate jurisdiction from and su-
perintending control over the several district courts
within its circuit, with power to issue writs of error,
prohibition, mandamu?, certiorari, scire Jacias, habean
corpus, and other writs not specially provided for by
statute which may be necessary for the exercise of
its jurisdiction aforesaid. Eacliof said circuitcourts
shall have a seal, to be devised by its presiding judge.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, That from iinal
decrees in a district court in causes of admiralty and
maritime, and of equity jurisdiction, an appeal shall
be allowed to the said circuit court, for said district;
and final judgments in a district court in civil actions
at common law may be reexamined and reversed or
affirmed in said circuit court upon a writ of error,
where the suits brought up by appeal or upon writs
of error, the matter in dispute exceeds the sum of
$500, or whereis drawn in question auy matter affect-
ing the friendly relations of the United States with
a foreign Power, or the construction of a revenue act
of Congress or ot a treaty, or the validity of an act
of Congress or of a treaty, or of a State statute or
State constitution, on the ground of its repugnancy
to the Constitution of the United States, and also
final judgments in criminal cases where the defend-
ant, on conviction, is sentenced to capital punish-
ment or hard labor in a penitentiary.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That in like man-
ner all suits in which final decrees have been ren-
dered in said circuit courts may be taken by appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States; and all
civil suits m which final judgments have been entered
in said circuit courts may bo taken to said Supreme
Court on writs of error where the matter m dispute
excccds the sum of dollars, and where there is
diawn in question the construction of a treaty or
other matter affecting the friendly relations of the
United States with a foreign Power, or the validity
ot a Sfatestatute orconstitution on the ground of its
repugnancy to the Constitution oftheUnitedStates:
Provided, however, That thepresiding judge of acir-
cuit court or said com t may cause any legal question
involved in a suit before said court which is deemed
of sufficient importance to require the final decision
thereof to be by the Supreme Court, to be certified
to said Supreme Court for its opinion thereon : And
jjrovided Juriher, That said Supreme Court may by
rule prescribe other classes of cases in which appeals
and wi its of error may be had to the Supreme Court
as aforesaid, and in which legal questions may be
certified to it for final decision.
Slc. 7. And he it fvrther enacted, That each circuit
court hereby established shall appoint its own clerk,
who shall give bond in a sum and with sureties to be
approved by the court for the faithful discharge of
his official duties, and hcshall receive the same com-
pensation and fees as in like cases and for like ser-
vices are allowed by law to the clerk of the Supreme
Court. And the mai.^hals of the United States for
districts where said circuit courts icspectively are
held shall be thcmarshal? of said circuit courts, with
all the powers and duties with respect thereto exer-
cised by the marshal of the Supreme Court, and they
shall be entitled to the same fees and compensation
for like services, and shall give bondfor the faithful
discharge of said official duties, to be appioved by
said circuit courts respectively. Each of said circuit
courts shall appoint a reporter of its opinions, who
shall perform such duties as said court may from time
to time prescribe. A majority of the judges shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of the regu-
lar business of any oneof said circuit courts; butany
number, in the absence of others, may adjourn from
tl Seo°8? Anrf he it further enactedK Thlt to secure
simplicity and uniformity of practice the Supreme
CourPShall prescribe rules of pleading and practice
for all civil actions at common law in the said district
courts; and may prescribe rules for appeals and writs
of error in all cases taken from the district to the
circuit courts, and from the circuit courts to the
Supreme Court. , , .
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That each circuit
court hereby established shall hold oneterm in each
year, commencing on the first Monday of May, and
msjy hold adjourned and special terms as itorits pre-
siding judge, or a majority of its judges, may order.
SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That each dis-
trict court shall hold two regular terms in each year,
one commencing on the first Monday of March and
the other on the first Monday of October: and it may
hold adjourned or special terms as the judge thereof
Sec. 11. Andbe it further enacted, Thatnosuitshall
be taken from a court of the United States to the
Supreme Court other than those mentioned in sec-
tion five of this act, nor in any manner other than
as therein provided for. , ,, ,
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the district
and circuit courts may make for their respective
courts such rules and orders, not inconsistent with
acts of Congress and the rules prescribed by the
Supreme Court, as they may deem necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this act.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, That the circuit
courts hereby established shall be held respectively
at the following places:
The first circuit court at Boston, in Massachusetts.
The second at New York, in .New York.
The third at Philadelphia, in Pennsylvania,
The fourth at Baltimore, in Maryland.
The fifth at'Montgomery, in Alabama.
The sixth at Cincinnati, in Ohio. ^
The seventh at Chicago, in Illinois.
The eighth at St. Louis, m Missouri.
The ninth at San Francisco, in California.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the salaries
of the respective district judges shall hereafter be as
follows:
Of thejudges of the districts of Maine, New Hamp-
shire, Connecticut, Vermont, Rhode Island, Dela-
ware, Arkansas, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, Geor-
gia, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Kansas, northern district of Florida, district of West
Virginia, western district of Louisiana, western dis-
trict of Missouri, western district of Texas, eastern
district of Texas, and western district of Michigan,
$4,000.
Of the judges of the districts of New Jersey, Mis-
sissippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Oregon,
western district of Pennsylvania, northern district
of Ohio, southern district of Ohio, southern district
of Illinois, district of Virginia, southern district of
Florida, southern districtof California, and the east-
ern district of Michigan, $4,500.
Of the judges of the districts of Massachusetts,
Marvland, northern district of New York, eastern
districtof Pennsylvania, eastern districtof Missouri,
and northern district of Illinois, $3,000.
Of the judges of the districts of Nevada and the
eastern district of Louisiana, $5,500.
Ot thejudges oit the southern districtof New York,
eastern district of New York, and northern district
of California, $6,000.
Sj?c. Id, Andbe it further enacted, That whenever
a district judge or justice of the Supreme Court is
required by law to attend court at aplace other than
his residonce he shall be allowed and paid his rea-
sonable expenses in traveling to and from and at-
tending said court; said expenses to be paid by the
United States marshal in attendance on said court as
similar expenses are now paid when the district
judge discharges the dutiesoi such judgem another
district.
Sec. 16. And be if further enaoted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with this act arc hereby
repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I regard this
bill and the amendment which I have proposed
as presenting a very grave question for the con-
sideration of the Senate, no less than the choice
between two modes of reorganizing the judi-
ciary of the United States. My amendment, it
will be observed, has no relation to the prop-
osition of the committee in regard to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, but only as
to the subordinate tribunals. The amendment
proposed by the committee is to constitute a
new set of courts called circuit courts, with
separate and independent judges. The amend-
ment which I propose is to devolve all the
original jurisdiction of the circuit courts now
existing upon the district courts, and to reor-
ganize the circuit courts with district courts in
each circuit. I am of the opinion that this is
a far better system than that proposed by the
committee. I will state that this amendment
which I have proposed is not one of my own
drafting, but was drawn up several years since
by one of the district judges of the United
States after extensive consultation with other
judges of the United States courts, and was
presented in the Senate, but was not acted upon.
