198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
to report this bill. I said by a vote of the com- j
mittee 1 was authorized to inform the Hou^e j
that, it had their appioval. I did not say ithad \
their unanimous approval. I am not, author- j
ized to state what the vote was. The gentle- j
man can state what his opinion is. and then the I
House will know ho*v he stands on the ques-
tion.
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman then give
me the right to make a statement by withdraw-
ing the motion ?
Mr. PAINTE. I would, of course, be glad
to have debate on this bill, but it is well known
to every member of the House that under the
motion to suspend the rules I have no control
of this subject.
Mr. BlitiR. The gentleman has control of
the motion now. and if he sees fit he can give
the minority of the committee power to be
heard.
The SPEAKER. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin should be withdrawn
the gentleman from Illinois could proceed by
unanimous consent ouly.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move that the House
adjourn; and on that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PAINE. Allow me to say that person-
ally I would be very glad, indeed, to 
Mr. BUjRR. I object to debate on the other
side unless it is allowed on this side.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yens 39, nays 112, not voting
45 ; as follows :
"EEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Bock, Brooks,
Burr,Oalkin, Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge, Fox, Colla-
day. Griswold, Haight, llaldeman, Ha mill, Holman,
Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Munsen, Niblack, Potter, lla idall,
Heading, Beeves, Rice, Santm-d, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Van Auken, Eugene M. "Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—3(J.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Beaman, Benjamin. Beaton. Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Boyd.Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin Ji\ Butler,
ltoderick K. Butlez-. Cessna, Chuicbiil, Claike,
Amasa Cobb, Cnnton L. Cobb, Conger. Cowles, Cat-
lom, Dawes, Deweese, Biokey, .Dixon, Dockery,I>on-
lej. Duval, Dyer, Ela. Farnswortb, i'erriss, t erry,
lMukelnburtr, Fitch, Garfield, Gufillan, llambleton,
Hawkins, Hawley, Heaton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper.
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Julian, Keliey, Kelsey, Keteliam, Knapp,
Lallin.Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Maynard, McCormick, MeOrary, McGrew, Mereur,
Bliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, W llliam Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, O'Neill, Ortb, Packaid. .Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Poland. Pomeroy,
Prosser, Rogers,Sargent, Sawyer, cjchenck, Scofield,
Shanks, William J. Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughion, Strickland,
Taffe, i'anner, Tillman,Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
L'nson, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker, Wtnttemore,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans. and Witcher—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong,Bailey,
Banks, Beatty, Bennett, Biggs, Blair, Boweu, Cake,
Cleveland, Coburn.Cook. Da vis, fisher, Gotz. Greene,
Hale, Hamilton, Hay, Hoag, Ingersoli, Judd, Keir,
McCarthy, Moffet, Samuel P. Morrill, Mornssey,
Ne^ley, Hoots, Schumaker, Sheldon, Sloeum, John
A. Smith, JosephS. Smith, William Smyth, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Wells, and Wheeler—4o.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BUKIi. I can hardly believe it to be
the intention of thg chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections to cut off' all debate, and I ask
him if he will not permit the bill to be made
the special order for some future day, without
occupying further time to-day ?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly; theonly reason why
I did not wantit to be debated to-day was that
it would cut off other gentlemen from moving
a suspension of the rules, which can only be
done on Mpnday. I am willing that the bill
shall be made the special ord^r for Wednes-
day next, immediately after the'morning hour,
and I ask tha„it be printed.
Mr.'EUD&IDGE. Does the gentleman pro-
pose, then to allow debate or to call the previous
question and gag the House ?
PAINE. I propose to allow debate
on it.
Mr. BEOOKS. That is all right.
The bill was then read a first and second
time, made the special order for Wednesday
next, immediately after the morning hour, and
ordered to be printed. *
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was made a special order ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on retrenchment.
Mr. WELKER submitted the following
report:
The committcc of conferencc on the disagreeing
I votes of the two Houses on the concuirent resolution
[ lela lve to the raising of a joint select Committee on
! Ketreuchuient, having met, after lull and lree eon-
; terence have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
i mend, to their respective Houses as loilotvs:
j That the Senate recede tiom us amendments to
j said resolution and agree to the same wilh all aniend-
; ment as loliows: m lino lour stnke out the word
*'seven" and insert the word " livesous to make
1 tho resolution read:
! UesuImd bit tile Houie of RcpreientaHvei, (the ben-
! ate concurring,) That a joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, consisting ot tour membeis ot tho
Senate and five membersof the Hou^e.bc appointed
by the Piesichng Otiiccis ot the two Houses, with the
same powers and duties as were eonterrtd upon the
select Committee on llelrenebment of the Thirty-
Ninth and Foitieth Congresses, and to whom all
matters yet remaining undisposed of which were
rctened to ilie Commitiee on Retrenchment of the
I'ortieth Congress shall be lelerrcd.
M. WELKER,
T. A. JE-NCKE3.
W. E. XIBLACli,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. W. PATTERSON,
J. W. GRIMES,
E. CASbERLY, ,
Managers oa the pa/1 oj the S'-na,'c.\
Mr. WELKER. Upon the adoption of the >
report I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsiderthc vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
american steamship line.
Mr. HILL. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to introduce and have passed a joint
resolution extending the provisions of an act
approved July '21, 1808, providing for an Amer-
ican line of mail and emigrant steamships be-
tween the United States and one or more
European ports.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to extend for one year the time for carrying
out the provisions of an act entitled '• An act
to provide for an American line of mail and
emigrant steamships between New York and
one or more European ports," approved July
27, 1808.
Mr. HILL. The joint resolution merely ex-
tends the time for carrying out the provisions
of that law. I hope the rules will be suspended.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules ; and there were—ayes 45, noes 32 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hill and
Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty, noes not
counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
message from 1'iie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, a joint resolution of the House No.
30, to supply omissions in the enrollment of
certain appropiiation acts, approved March 8,
1809.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles ; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 3G) granting the right of way
through the public lands to the Midland Pacific
Railway Company, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 92) in addition to the act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Washing-
ton, Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam-
Packet Companyand
A joint, resolution (S. R. No. 26) relating to
the Interior Department.
chief of stal'l' of the army.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill (II. It. No. 2!37) to abolish the office of
chief of staff to the General of the Army;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
office of chief of staff, with the rank of brig-
adier general, to the general commanding the
Army, shall be abolished; and that all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent with this act
shall be repealed.
Mr. LOGAN. This hill has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and the consent of the General-in-Chief of the
Army.
The bill was ordered to beengrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RETIRED OFFICERS OF TIIE AltMY.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 238) relating to letired officers
of the Army; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
retired officer of the Army shall hereafter be
assigned to duty of any kind or be entitled to
receive more than the pay and allowances pro-
vided by law for retired officers of his grade;
that all such assign meats heretofore made shall
terminate within thirty days from the passage
of this act ; and that all laws and parts of laws
inconsistent herewith shall be repealed.
Mr. LOGAN. In order that the House may
understand this bill perfectly I will state that
the Committee oil Military Affairs have re-
ported it in order that officers who are retired
from duty in the Ariny shall not be reassigned
to duty. It has heretofore been the practice in
the Army for officers to apply to be retired from
active seivice, and after being retired to ask for
reassignment to duty, which generally is on
court-martial duty or something of that kind.
This gives them full pay again, and as their old
places are filled by officers on active duty the
result is that there are two officers of the same
rank drawing pay for one duty. This bill is
to stop anything of that kind.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJUTANT GKKKKAl's DEPARTMENT.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, also
reported from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) concern-
ing vacancies in the adjutant general's depart-
ment; which was read a first and second time.
The. question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the vacancies existing in the adju-
tant general's department at the time of the
passage of the act approved March 3, 1869,
making appropriations for the support, of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes, shall be exempted from
the operation of that act.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state briefly the rea-
son for this joint resolution. Each of the staff;
departments of the Army, the quartermaster's,
