1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
commissary, paymaster's, adjutant general's,
and other departments had a brigadier general
at the head. General L. Thomas was tlie head
of the adjutant general's department and was
retired a short time since by Mr. Johnson, and
Colonel E. D. Townsend, the present head of
that department, was appointed in his place
and nominated to the Senate for promotion to
the rank of brigadier general. The Army bill
of the last session passed while his nomina-
tion was pending before the Senate. Unless
this joint resolution shall pass he v/ill bo cut
off from confirmation as brigadier general.
This is recommended by the committee in order
that all the heads of these staff departments
shall have the same rank at the time the law
of the last session goes into operation. I have
heretofore been in favor of cutting down all
these staff appointments; yet it seems to mo
necessary that the heads of these departments
should have equal rank. This joint resolution
is to provide that this particular appointment
shall not be interfered with.
Mr. GARFIELD. The object of the bill of
the last session was to provide for future re-
duction of the rank of officers of the staff
departments, so that there should not be a
brigadier general at the head of each one of
those departments, as was the case at that time,
and to provide that as vacancies occurred in
those departments they should not be filled
until the heads of those departments should
be held by officers of the rank of colonel. Since
the passage of that act a vacancy lias occurred
in the adjutant general's department, and
now a colonel is at the head of that depart-
ment. If similar vacancies should occur in,
all the other staff departments we should then
have what the law contemplated, a colonel, and
not a brigadier general, at the head of each of
those departments. If now, on the occur-
rence of the first vacancy, we let up the law
in regard to it, and then do the same thing in
legard to another department and another, it
would bring us back precisely to our old condi-
tion, with a brigadier general at the head of
each of these departments. Why should we
thus "let down the bars'' the first time a va-
cancy occurs, and revert to the system of hav-
ing brigadier generals where before the war
we had only colonels? , Under the law as it
existed prior to the act of last session we had
twenty-seven generals for an army of thirty-
six thousand men, while before the war we had
but- three generals, all told, for an army of
twelve thousand. In view of this fact, that
with three times as many men we had nine
times as many generals as before the war, we
parsed the act of last session. I believe my
friend from Illinois agreed with me at that time
that we ought to take measures to reduce the
number of generals ; and we could devise no
better way of meeting the difficulty than by
providing that whenever a vacancy should oc-
cur in the line of generals it should not be
filled. Such a vacancy has now occurred, and
the bill of the gentleman proposes, as I under-
stand, to fill that vacancy, and thus prevent
the reduction for which we have provided.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will answer
the gentleman. So far as regards the reduc-
tion of the Army 1 think no one will accuse
1119 of ever trying to increase the Army since
I have been a member of Congress. But I
am willing at all times to do justice, and I
always try to do it. I was in favor of cutting
down the heads of these departments by a bill
reducing their rank. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfiet.d,] when chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, did not agree
with me, and would not assent to that meas-
ure, urging instead the provision to which he
has referred. But the case contemplated by
this bill is one which should properly be made
an exception to that rule. At the time of the
passage of the act to which the gentleman re-
fers there was a vacancy as to the head of the
adjutant general's department, and General
Townsend had been nominated to fill that va-
cancy. Inasmuch as the provision referred to
did not reduce the heads of the other depart-
ments, and as this vacancy had already oc-
curred and as this gentleman had been nom-
inated to fill the vacancy, I think it would be
unjust to him if his confirmation should be
prevented by the law of last session, while that
law does not affect the head of any other de-
partment. Hence this joint resolution was
proposed, and has been agreed to by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
I have nothing to say as to what the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will do at any future
day; but if I should ever attempt a reduction
of the rank it would not be by waiting until
somebody had died or had in some other man-
ner got out of the way. I would reduce the
rank by positive law. That has been and is
my theory in regard to this matter. In acting
on this bill the committee were of opinion
that a distinction should not be made against
the adjutant general's department as com-
pared with other departments, and that we
should not prevent the confirmation for a
vacancy which existed at the time of the pas-
sage of the act of last session. It was for this
reason the committee reported the bill, and
not because they were in favor of increasing
the rank or the number of officers of the Army.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed forathiru reading; aiidbeingeugro&sed,
it was accordingly read the thiid time, and
passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint, resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUUL.1NGTON AXD MISSOURI lllVEJl RAILROAD.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the House, by
unanimous consent, take from the Speaker's
table for consideration at the present time a
joint resolution (S. 11. No. 2!)J in relation to
the Burlington and Missouri River railroad
branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information, after which there will
be an opportunity to object to its considera-
tion.
The joint, resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the act of Congress, approved June
2, 18G4, granting certain lands to the Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company to
aid in extending its road through the then T er-
ritory of Nebraska, to connect with the Union
Pacific railroad, shall be so construed as to
authorize the Burlington and Missouri River
Railroad Company to assign and convey to a
railroad company to be organized under the
laws of the State of Nebraska all the rights,
powers, and privileges granted and conferred
by said act and subject to all the conditions
and requirements therein contained, with the
additional right to change the located line of
said road so as to connect with the Union Pa-
cific road at any point east of the one hundredth
meridian of west, longitude.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 think the gentleman will
withdraw his objection when he has heard an
explanation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I should
be glad to hear an explanation ; for it looks to
me as though this bill contained an additional
land grant.
Mi. ALLISON. I will say to the gentle-
man 
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object to debate.
Mr. ALLISON. Then 1 move to suspend
the rules in order to consider the resolution.
The question being put, there were ayes
39, noes J58 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison*
and Van* Auken were appointed.
The House proceeded to divide, but without
announcing any vote Mr. Allison withdrew
the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
an amendment to offer, and if it is allowed to
be offered I will withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
ELECTION OF MEMBERS PAT OF CONTESTANTS.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, two bills introduced by him last week,
one fixing the time for holdiog elections of
members of Congress and the other to regu-
late the compensation of contestants were
ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN NAVIGATION INTERESTS.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask consent to offer (he
following resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine bp ap-
pointed to inquire into and report at tfio next session
of Congress tho eauso of the great redaction of
American tonnage engaged in the foreign carrying
trade and tho great depression of the navigation
interests of tho country; and also to report what
measures are necessary to increase our occan ton-
nage, revive our navigation interests, and regain for
our country the relative position which it once held
among the nations as a great maritime Power,
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of passing the resolution. I
will state that a majority of the Committee on
Commerce, including the chairman, are in
favor of it.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to ; and the resolution was passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and alst*
moved that the motion to reconsidor be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. K. No. 230) to limit
public expenditures ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
inm.OYKS IN TII13 TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee oil Appro-
priations have requested me to ask for the
adoption of the following resolution, on which
I demand the previous question :
Jiesolocd, That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo
directed to communicate to < his House whether any,
and if so, what emplov6* of the Government m tho
Treasury of tho United States have been paid as
compensation or salary within (he last two years a
htiger xuin than was specifically appropriated lor
that purpose, giving the names ol such persons, it
any there ate, tho sum so paid to each, when paid,
and by what authority of law the same has been done.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES IN THIS NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. DAWES also, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to this House whether any,
and it so, what employes of the Crovernmeiit m tho
Navy Department have been paid as compensation
or salary within the last two years a larger sum than
wasspeoifically appropriated for that purpose, giving
the names of such pci&ons, if any there arc, tliesuin
paid to each, when paid, and by what authority ot
law the same has been done.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOSPITAL BUILDINGS, ETC.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on
Appropriations, submitted tho following res-
olution *, whieh was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolves1, That, the Committee on Appropriations
bo directed to call upon tho Secretaries of War ana
] of the Navy to report without delay *5?
location ot hospital buildings, biuraoks. Iaansport's,
and barge?, and the present and ™S®
of the same; also condemned or unused ordnance,
food, and clothing, medical supplies an.4 lumber m
the no^GSsion of tho surgeon goncial. commissary
and quartermaster general's, Frcedmen's Bureau, or
o ther bureaus of tb eir respective departmentsiocated
within tho District of Columbia or tho adjoining
countics oi\Mirytanrl and \ lrjrinia.
