1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
ing has occurred to change my views on this
question since the recommitment of the bill
granting an extension of thirty days with regard
to offices in the State of Virginia ; but the diffi-
culty is, and no man would understand it better
than my colleague if he had examined the sub-
ject, that in some of the southern States the
officers in authority have not the legal power
and authority to execute justice and maintain
the laws.
But, sir, there is another matter to which I
want to call attention. This question with re-
gard to adjournment is really a question simply
as to the day on which the House alone shall
adjourn. Under the resolution of the House,
if it be concurred in as passed by us, we shall
adjourn on Friday, and the Senate will remain
in session for executive business. This is
exactly what we did two years ago, under the
lead of very conservative gentlemen of thi3
House. What was the result? Our backs were
not fairly turned before the treaty for the pur-
chase of Alaska was agreed to by the Senate
and thrust upon the country. We were then
told that there was nothing for us to do but to
make the appropriation of money which that
treaty contemplated. We had not turned our
backs before there took place such occurrences
in regard to offices that I know many members
wished themselves back, if I may judge by
their conversation We all know that if we
adjourn at the time proposed the Senate is to
be left here ; the Senate is to be in control. I
think that under all the circumstances it is the
duty of the House of llepresentatives to stay
here.
Mr. DAWES. To take care of the Senate?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To take
care of everybody that the people's interests
require should be taken care of. No man
frightens me by saying, To take care of the
Senate.-' I desire to keep within the bounds
of parliamentary language j and therefore i say,
to take care of everybody that wants taking
care of. We arc paid for staying here and
attending to the duties with which as Represent-
atives of the people we are charged ; and we
shall be, in my judgment, false to our duty if
we do not remaiu here at the present time,
declining to fix a day of adjournment until
important measures yet claiming our attention
shall have been acted on.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth]
says that in the last three days of the session
recently closed we did a great deal of business.
So we did ; but how did we do it? By work-
ing all night; and we did it in a way that I do
not want to see followed in what we may do
hereafter. Let us finish up our legislation by
ordinary day sessions and with full examin-
ation. Let us have no more working at nights.
Let us not fix a time four days ahead at which
we shall adjouru and then crowd measures in
helter-skelter, everything being doue by con-
ference committees and enrolling clerks with-
out any proper examination on the part of the
House. Let us have fair and full discussion
on the measures that may comc before us. In
our anxiety to get away we insist on passing i
upon all matters under the operation of the
previous question. Let us extend the session j
sufficiently to allow questions to be properly
discussed. Ourfriends on the other side want
to discuss questions, and we hold them in check
by the previous question. I propose that we
shall stay here a little longer and have proper
discussion. Let us not act hurriedly. Let us
"make haste slowly." I hope that we shall
recall our resolution from the Seriate and fix
hereafter with suitable deliberation the day
when we shall be ready to adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The objection made by
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
to the passage of this resolution is that if it be
adopted we will embark in schemes of general
legislation. That will not-necessarily follow.
But without reference to the passage of this
resolution if the House shall embark in gene-
ral legislation it will be competent for the two
Houses to determine how soou Congress shall
adjourn, and they will be just as competent to
determine that next week or the w,e,ek after as
they were last week when the resolution passed
which it is now proposed by the pending reso-
lution to reconsider. But I do not have that
dread of general legislation which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts seems to have. His
whole argument, as well as that of the gentle-
man from New York, assumes that Congress
cannot be trusted in the exercise of a discre-
tion to legislate upon such measures as may
be brought before it, or to decline to act upon
those measures. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
the time is soon to come, if it has not already
arrived, when the public interest will demand
that Congress shall remain iu session almost
all the time. This is a vast and complicated
Government, with great interests, and corrup-
tion always creeps into the Departments the
more readily when Congress is not in session.
The presence of Congress is therefore useful
at all times to act as a guard upon all the De-
partments of the Government. Investigations
by committees of Congress not only remedy
ascertained evils, but the foar of such investi-
gations prevents many public wrongs. Con-
gress is the guardian of the public interests,
and it should be vigilant and ready to act at
all times. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] has said that Alaska came in
upon the Senate after Congress adjouned two
years ago. It did ; and there is now before the
Senate an Indian treaty, and I want this Con-
gress to remain in session so as to exercise the
legislative power over that matter. For if it
shall be ratified by the Senate after Congress
adjourns, as it may be, and if it shall be car-
ried into effect it will call from your Treasury
$13,000,000 iu a single year. Hence it is that
I want this Congress to remain in session long
enough to determine whether such a treaty as
that, if it should be ratified, shall draw from
the Treasury $13,000,000 to carry out its
provisions.
In some remarks that I submitted on Friday
last I was called to order for speaking of a coor-
dinate branch of the Government. I desire to
say that I did not in my remarks do entire
justice to the Senate on that occasion, but I
am willing to do justice now. I ask the Clerk
to read the extracts from the Washington cor-
respondence of the Cincinnati Gazette which
I send to the desk, to show the mode in which
some of these Indian treaties have been ratified.
The Clerk read as follows:
"This important and most significant fact was
brousrhtoutbySenator ANrHoNYiu the hour's session
ot last September.
" It came out in the debate upon the question of
doing any business without a quorum. As tound m
volume sixty-nine ot the Congressional Globe, page
4dKi, it is thus reported:
" 'Mr. Anthony. Very important bills have been
passed m both Houses, when all knew ttu-re was no
quorum. 1 have known some treaties to be nego-
tiated here when there were but three Senators pres-
ent, and yet nobody doubts the validity ot those
ti eaties.
"'Mr. Pomkroy. The Sen at or does not mean to say
they wore " negotiated," X hope ?
Mr. Anthony. No, " ratified.'' I do not know
but 1 might say " negotiated " here. I believe the
Senator Irom Kansas had charge of tliem. They wore
Indian tieaties. They might have been amended
lieie, and thus I might almost say they were nego-
tiated here.'"
The debate here quoted is found in the Sen-
ate proceedings of September 21, 1868. It is,
of course, well understood that when a Congress
expires all pending bills die with it. But not
so with treaties. They go over from one ses-
sion to another and can be acted on at any
time, for the Senate, unlike the House, is con-
tinuous. It is not renewed by an entire change
of all its members at one time, making a new
body.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. The Indian treaties that are ratified
by the Senate have nothing to do with the
question of adjournment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hardly
limit debate on a question of this kind affect-
ing adjournment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. In my remarks on Fri-
day last I said that treaties had been ratified
when there were but six Senators present; now
it appears from the debates in the that
they have been ratified whet} there'were but
three Senators present.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speakej, are the
remarks of the gentleman in order reflecting
upou the action of the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. So far as the language is
a reflection upon the Senate it is not in order;
so far as it is an attempt, to show why Con-
gross should remain in session it is iu order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not mean to reflect
upon the Senate. I have a profound respect
for the ability and integrity of that body and
its members. But I deny that the treaty-
making power is as broad as the Seuate claims
it to be, and I maintain that Congress caii by
law regulate many of the subjects embraced
in so-called treaties, and that for this very
reason we ought not to adjourn.
1 quote the language of the debate in the
Senate not for the purpose of reflecting upon
that body. It would seem that the Senate is
not responsible for all the treaties. The Senate
is not responsible for what three men may do.
I quote the Senate debate to shotf that Con-
gress ought to remain in session as long as
there is a pending treaty, so that we may exer-
cise our legislative power over the treaties and
determine what the interests of the country ia
relation to them may require. There is a very
important Indian treaty before the Senate at
this time, aswelearti from the New York Herald,
and we are indebted to that paper or its enter-
prising correspondent for giving the country
information in relation to its provisions which
we could not otherwise have. These treaties
are made in secret, negotiated in secret, con-
sidered and ratified in secret, all without rea-
son for secrecy so far as Indian treaties are
concerned. I repeat again that the Indian
tribes are not independent nations, competent
as such to enter into treaties ; forifso, they could
sell the lands they occupy to Great Britain or
otherwise negotiate treaties with other nations,
which this Government has never conceded or
permitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to remind the gentleman from Ohio that his
course of argument is not parliamentary, and
not in order. It involves a reflection oil what
may be done and what has been done by the
Senate.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I presume the Chair is
correct; I have no doubt of it, but I meant no
reflection. I only wished to controvert the
constitutionality of the Indian treaties and urge
upon this House not to adjourn while one is
pending. But I leave that subject. And I
will say, then, as has been said by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] the
chairman of the Committee on Reconstruction,
that there are four States of this Union unre-
constructed. There is such a state of violence
and terrorism prevailing in those States that
there is no safety for life or person or prop-
erty in any of them. If we do not provide by
all the means within our power for the preser-
vation of peace in those States all the blood
that will be shed in them from now until this
Congress shall assemble in December next will
be upon the skirts of this Congress, and it is
our duty before we adjourn to dispose of these
States in such manner as the judgment of
this Congress may deem best. There are other
measures of public importance before us. I
have no fear that Congress will embark iu
schemes of legislation not demanded by the
interests of the country. The argument in
favor of an early adjournment., that Congress
will embark in general legislation, could bo
employed against any session at all, even when
we meet in December next. Certainly we can
be as safely trusted now as we can then. If
the argument of the gentleman from xWassa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] be correct it would bo
valid against any session of this Congress.
Sir, I think the safe rule is to do the business
that the interests of the country demand and
then adjourn, and not until then. I ask the
previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask my colleague to
