.1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. POMEROY. What, committee report-
ed it?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate by unanimous consent, and
it is too late now to object.
Mr. KELLOGG, it is the Senator's own
hill, and I do not know why he should object.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is not my bill.
Mr, WILLIAMS. I ask the Clerk to com-
mence the reading of the bill again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads was inline four of
the first section, to insert after t he word " com-
pany" the words " a corporation of the State
of Alabama so as to read :
That the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, a corporation of the Stato of
Alabama, is hereby authorized and empowered to
construct, build, and maintain bridges, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-four
of the first section, to strike out the "words
"north of" and to insert "near;" so as to
read: " the Colorado river, at or near Colum-
bus."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer tlie following
amendment, to come in after the word " Co-
lumbus," in the forty-fourth line of the first
section:
And provided further, That forty miles uf said road
shall be completed bvsaid company mi or before the
1st day of August. 1ST0, and the whole of sviul road
shall be completed and in tunning order on or belot-e
the 1st dayot July, A. I>. 1875.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in as section three :
And be it further etwAed, That the right of wav
through thopublic lauds of the United Slates, excep't
such lands as are occupied by the United States tor
naval, military, or other purposes, be, and the same
is hcieby, granted to sa.id company to the extent ot
one hundred feet in width on each side of said
railroad.
Mr. POME ROY. I believe that has been
agreed to in the spirit of it by the Committee
on Public Lands; but usually when we grant
the right^of way we except such reservations
as the United States may have made—I do
not know that there are any—and we except
such lands as the right of preemption or home-
stead has attached to. They are public lands
to a certain extent, I know, because the party
has not perfected Ins title ; but still where the
right of preemption or homestead settlement
has attached we except those lands.
Mr. KELLOGG. I comprehend the point
of the Senator from Kansas, and if he will
offer that amendment I shall be content.
Mr. POME 110 Y. I would insert 1'and ex-
cept such lands as the right of homestead or
preemption settlement shall have attached to."
i do not know that there are any such, lands,
but that is the usual form. We always give
the right of way through the public lands
where they are public lands where there are
no claimants.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will accept that as a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. POMEUO Y. If there is an Indian res-
ervation or a military reservation, or if there
is a settler who lias not perfected his title, the
Government does not propose to give the right
of way, but the company must get the right
of way in such cases under existing laws.
Mr. ABBOTT. I should like to have the
amendment read as it is.
The Chief Cliche. The amendment, as
modified, reads:
And be it farther cnnctrd, That the risht of way
through the public lands of the United States, ex-
cept such lands as are occupied by the United Sta'es
ior naval, military, and other purposes, and except,
also, such lands as to which the right of preemption
orhomesteadseulementshall haveattached, be,and
the same is hereby, granted to said company to tho
extent of one hundred lectin width on eauh aide of
tutu road.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to inquire where j
this road terminates? '
Mr. RAMSEY. By the terms of the bill,
at the Colorado river of Texas. It runs across
Louisiana and Texas.
_ Mr. NYE. If it terminates at the Colorado
river it is a road across the continent.
Mr. STEWART. Has the bill been referred
to any committee?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and been
reported back by them.
Mr. STEWART. I object to its considera-
tion uow.
Mr. KELLOGG. It has been taken up and
considered already. It has been amended,
and is now on its passage.
Mr. RAMSEY. The object of the reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads was to inquire as to legalizing bridges
over navigable rivers. We have tried to pre-
serve the navigation in the construction of
these bridges.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think any privi
leges to build roads across the continent should
be granted to any parties without full consid
eration. There is to be a southern road built.
There is some difference of opinion where that
line should be established so as to best accom-
modate tho people. It is quite evident there
can be but one such road. Granting privileges
in this incidental mauner without any consid-
eration as to the route of the road is a great
embarrassment to future legislation, if there is
to beany, to build some road. It has frequently
occurred that where privileges of this kind were
granted the persons obtaining them have come
I here to get additional privileges or to have
their old privileges extended from time to time,
and they thus prevent legitimate enterprises
from going on. If we act in this way we may
clog sonic beneficial enterprise in the iuture.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine the Senator does
not understand the terms or purport of the bill.
There is no subsidy in it, and no concession ol
public lands, except for one hundred feet on
each side for the right of way. It is not for a
road across the comment. The road is not to
go to the Rio del Norte, hut only to the Colo-
rado river, half way across Texas.
Air. GRIMES. From what point to what
point?
Mr. RAMSEY. From New Orleans to the
Colorado river of Texas.
Mr. NYE. Are there two Colorado rivers?
The Colorado river empties into the Gulf of
California.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is tho Colorado river
of Texa«.
Mr. NYE. Then it ought to say that.
Mr. RAMSEY. It says the Colorado river,
: at or near Columbus," and Columbus is a well-
known point in Texas.
Mr. STEWART. If it is confined to that I
have no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought the Senator mis-
understood the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I move, then, to amend it
by inserting the words "in Texas" after the
words "Colorado river."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending that has not been dis-
posed of. The question is on the amendment
of the SenatorfromLomsiana, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to call attention to
the provision of this bill. This is to authorize
the construction of btidges and a road for a
long distance, as it is said, from New Orleans
to the Rio Grande river 
Mr. RAMSEY. Not the Rio Grande river,
but the Colorado river, half way across Texas.
The Rio Grande is the western boundary of
Texas ; the Colorado river is in the center of
the State.
Mr. G RIMES. Let me call attention to this
provision:
Provided, however. That the said company ill the
construction of its bridges over and across the waters
known as tho Ba.you La Puurehe, the Atctia.tala.ya,
river, and the Trinity river, and ail other navigabie
rivers, bays, and bayous, shall construct and main-
tain drawbridges in the channels thereof, "wnich,
when open, shall give a clear space ioi the passage
nt vessels or not, ]pss than sixty fpoi in ttie ehapnc!
of the Bayou La ITourehc, and the other navigable
rivers, bays, and bayous, and ofnot less than eighty
feet in the channels-of the Atchafalaya river and of
the Trinity river; and the said company shall at all
times open the said drawbridges, and shall provide
reasonable and necessary facilities for the passage
of all vessels requiring the same.
Is there any evidence before the committee'
that sixty feet is sufficient 1
Mr. RAMSEY. We had full information of
the size of vessels navigating that river.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, which is the bill (S. No. 44)
to amend the judicial system of the United
States.^ That bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, andthe pending ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the Senator from Missouri is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not feel disposed to
prolong my remarks on the amendment which
I offered yesterday. I should be very glad if
I could in any wise arrest the attention of the
Senate, particularly the lawyers in it, to the
question that is now before the body. It is
one in which the whole legal profession of the
country are very greatly interested, one in
which indeed the whole country is interested—
no less than determining for many years to
come, and perhaps tor all time, on the best
mode of reorganizing tlio national judiciary.
In my opinion the Committee on the Judiciary
has reported a very unfortunate system, one
involving very greatly increased expenses to
the Government, one not to result in the benefit,
which 1 desire to have from the Federal judi-
ciary, but which will disappoint the expectations
of those who are concerned in it. It is no less
than a revival after the lapse of more than
sixty years of an exploded and defeated and
rejected scheme for the reorganization of the
judiciary. We tried it once before, and now
the attempt is made to try it again. This sin-
gle circumstance of itself ought to lead the
Senate to a critical and carelul examination
of the whole proposition of the committee. We
ought not to be in baste to readopt rejected
and exploded schemes of any kind. The plan
which I have proposed in my amendment, as
I stated yesterday, is r.ot an ill-digested and
ill-considered plan, but one which was devised
by an experienced judge of a district court of
the United States, after long and careful con-
sideration and consultation with other judges
of the United States. It has never been tried
and rejected like the plan of the committee.
I think that it is entitled to serious and grave
and deliberate consideration on the part of the
Senate here whether it be not in all that is
expected ofajadicial system superior in every
way to that presented by the committee. I ask
that the lawyers of the Senate will examine
the two projects as they are printed and lie on
their desks. '
I hold that it is a great deal better to have
an intermediate circuit court, an intermediate
appellate court between the district courts and
the Supreme Court, which shall be composed
of all the judges of the district courts in a given
circuit, with a judge of the Supreme Court of
the United States, than it is to have that plan
which the committee now proposes of a single
judge holding the court and passing upon the
judgment of the district judges.
But, sir, I do not wish to prolong debate on
this subject so far as 1 ain concerned. My
object will have been attained if I can get the
attention of the Senate seriously t.o the matter
now before it. I object, in reality, to any
action upon this subject, except as to the Su-
preme Court, under the stress of the time ot
this session. It is a thing which oogjit to be
considered with the gravest deliberation. As
to the Supreme Court, pass the first section ot
the bill and give them the additional judge, but
ns to the rest, which involves the creation of
