1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
under this system at least eight months in the
year. They could not sit through an entire
year in any event. That would be requiring
too much of them.
Mr. CONKLING. Why do they not sit
eight mouths now ?
Mr. STEWART. On account of their cir-
cuit court duties.
Mr. CONKLING. Will this relieve thorn ?
Mr. S t'B WART. To a great extent it will
relieve them.
Now, as to the constitutional question, I do
not think the real point was suggested by the
Senator from Oregon. He says we may class-
ify the judges and determine what shall con-
stitute a quorum of the court. There is no diffi-
culty about that. We can determine what
shall be a quorum of the court. I doubt very
much whether we could make a minority of the
court a quorum ; but we can fix the quorum.
But that does not meet the point. After you
have fixed the quorum, the question arises,
have not all the justicesof the Supremo Court
the right to sit there all the time? You may
fix the quorum ; but when you make a mar; a
justice of the Supreme Court has he not the
right, under the Constitution of the United
States, to be present when he elects to be?
The Constitution says there shall he one
Supreme Court. You make a man a justice
of that court and can you say that he shall not
sit there after you have made hitn a justice of
the Supreme Court? That raises a guive doubt.
Now, as to the classification so as to avoid
political controversies, thatis impossible. Sup-
pose you divide them into three classes and
provide that class one shall go upon circuit
this year, c'ass two next year, and so on. Do
you not believe that if there was a change of
the political complexion of Congress there
would be a disposition to classify them other-
wise'.' This classification, this arrangement, is
subject to change all the time. There would
be dissatisfaction in the arrangement. Some
of the older judges would chiim that they had
a right to sit here, that they ought not to be
sent out on ciicuit, and some of the younger
judges would be ambitious to sit here. You
would change the classifications. One year
you would classify theru by lot; another year
you would classify them by the date of their
commissions, and you would have various
means of classifying them, and there would
be that continual effort to classify them. You
would have a continual struggle on the part of
the judges to obtain a seat upon the Supreme
bench. They would test the question in that
court whether they had not a right to sit there,
and very likely the court, would .say, after
you had adopted your system and appointed
eighteen judges, that every justice of th<? Su-
preme Court, if he elected so to do, was enti-
tled to sit there; and then you would have a
court of eighteen judges, which would be a
real calamity to the country. It would be too
large for the due transaction of business. I
apprehend if that system should be adopted
that result would be very likely to follow.
I do not wish 10 prolong the debate, but I
think it extremely doubtlul whether a better
bill than this can be framed if you put the
subject over to the next session. You will
meet the same difficulties then that we have
met with for the last four years, I think the
bill had better be passed now.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not. Let us pro-
ceed with this bill. We had better finish it in
some way. It is not three o'clock yet.
Mr. GRIMES. Iknowitisnotthreco'clock;
but I am following the example of the Senator
from Illinois. He had charge of this bill yes-
terday aud he allowed an adjournment at two
o'clock; now it is nearly three.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate voted to
adjourn, it was not on my motion.
Mr. GRl/MBS. But it was with your conscnt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senate will
not go into executive session at this hour.
This is one of the measures that ought to be
disposed of. I think the debate upon it will
not be protracted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The question is on the molion
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was not agreed to ; (here being,
on a division—ayes 10. noes 19.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Oregon to postpone the bill until the first
Monday in December next.
Mr. COLE. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned. This is not a new subject before the
Senate. It has been under consideration by
the members of the Senate and by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for a long time. The
necessity for a reformation in the judicial sys-
tem is conceded by all; and the question now
is simply whether there shall be a postpone-
ment of the measure for another year. It will
take some time to put this new system into
operation. It will take some time for the new
circuit judges to become accustomed to their
new duties and perfect the organization of the
courts over which they are to preside. I think
it is therefore very important that the matter
should be disposed of at the present time and
without any considerable further delay.
I understood the Senator from Oregon to say
that the justices of t,he Supreme Court have
now as much business before them in the
Supremo Court as they can perform without
their going to the several circuits to hold cir-
cuit courts. But they do at present perform
circuit court duty, 'that is certainly an addi-
tional burden on them to that which they are
called upon to perform in the Capitol. It is
too clear for argument that they would be able
to perform much more duty as judges of the
Supreme Court if they were not called upon to
perform circuit court duty. The calendar of
the Supreme Court is now far behind. The
number of cases di<po>ed of at the present
term amounts to perhaps one third, perhaps
but a little overaquuiter of the whole num-
ber of cases there, and the residue of the cal-
endar after they adjourn for the session must
go over to the next session, and so on year
alter year, and some of the cases at the bottom
of the calendar probably will not be leached
for three years under the present system. '1 hit.
certainly is a very gre.it. annoyance to persons
having cases under consideration in that court.
There is another reason, in my judgment,
why these circuit couit judges should be ap
pointed and the justices of the Supreme Comt
relieved from this duty. I think it improper
that the justices of the Supreme Court should
sit on appeal in the eases decided by them in
the courts below. To be sure, in such cases
the other judges of the Supreme Court are
called upon to act with them ; but as a rule, I
believe, the person who tried the case in the
court below, and who is familiar with the prac-
tice in the State where the cases were tried, is
the ruling spirit in the hearing above. His
judgment is taken in preference to that ot any
other one member ol that bench. There is,
in my judgment, the strongest possible reason
why the circuit courts should be held by per-
sons entirely disconnected with the Supreme
Court. I am aware that there is a provision
in this bill authorising the justices of the
Supreme Court to hold circuit courts, but I
suppose they would feci themselves relieved
from any obligation to perforin that duty, and
would not hold the circuit, courts in the several
circuits of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, the provision is not one
authorizing but one iequiriug the holding o[
the circuit courts.
Mr. COLE. The provision is this:
Ihe circuit courts in e.ieli circuit shall be hee's -y
thcjuiticc of the Runreiuo Court, allotted to t'uc
circuit, or by the circuit jmUc ot the circuit, er i-y
the district judare of the di-'fnet sitting: alone, tu by
any two of thorn sitting together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another sec-
tion on the subject in the latter part of the bill-
Mr. COLE. The last section provides that
it shall be the duty of each justice of the Su-
preme Court to hold at least one term of the
circuit court in two years; but it is very well
understood that it is possible for the Supreme
Court justice who may be appointed to hold a
court to pass over the business to the circuit
court, and I have no doubt most of the busi-
ness in that term would m that manner go
over. He would be under no obligation to try
all the cases that might be on the calendar of
the circuit court at any particular session.
i hope this bill will not be disposed of in
accordance with the motion of the Senator
from Oregon, but that it will be acted upon at
this time, and that this reformation in oar judi-
cial system may be adopted at once.
Mr. CAS8ERLY. Mr. President, I am un-
willing to extend this debate, and therefore
shall say but a very few words. Two things
seem to be conceded: first, that in the remark-
able growth of the country for the last twenty
years an accession to the judicial force of the
Union is required. I think it will also be con-
ceded that such accession should be made at
the expense of as little disturbance as possi-
ble of the existing system, because it is a sys-
tem under which the country has grown up and
under which its jurisprudence has been formed—
a jurisprudence of which it is not too much to
say that on the whole it has been and will con-
tinue to be beneficial to the country, and that
it must be in the future, as it has been in the
past and is to-day, regarded with pride by us
all. It is only when we come to the mode of
accomplishing the desired result of an increase
of the judicial force that opinions diverge. But
one gentleman has presented in a definite form
his views in contradiction to the bill of the
Judiciary Committee; and that is my friend,
the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake.] His bill has been already analyzed
by gentlemen on this floor. It is unnecessary
for me to add anything to what they have said
so much better than I could.
Another plan has been thrown out here in
the course of the discussion. I refer particu-
larly to that of my friend, the honorable Sen-
ator Irom Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who has
intimated a disposition to favor a bench of
eighteen judges in the Supreme Court, of
whom half should be assigned, either by lot or
in some other way, to the discharge of circuit
court duties. Ills opinion was that if the
present bill were passed, so far from relieving
the calendar ot the Supreme Court it would
add to it. because it would bring into judic.al
action a largely increased force of courts and
judges throughout the country. As to the last
objection, 1 respectfully suggest that it may
be obviated. All lawyers know, and all judges
feel to their sorrow, what a quantity of busi-
ness is brought into the highest courtsof review
;j in the States and in the Union, which is taken
;i there merely in an undue spirit of conieii-
tion—business which involves no principle that
i has not been settled over and over, until the
1 precedents fixing it have been worn tiiread-
\ bare. Perhaps twenty-five or thirty per cent.
! of the business which gets into courts of le-
( view throughout the country would fall under
j this classification. It is extremely easy, either
i by an amendment to this bill or by a new lull,
| to cure this. As for instance, by increasing
I the amount necessary to allow an appeel or
! a writ of error in the various courts. That
| would be one remedy. Another might also
! be that in every case of a certain class there
j should be a certificate of division in order to
| authorize a writ, of error or an appeal. The
j facility with which the evil apprehended by the
I honorable Sen itor from Oregon might, be cor-
| rected, as it seems to me, is obvious enough.
\ There is, undoubtedly, a very serious o'y'ec-
j tion to a court of eighteen judges, created and
j organized and set to work in the manner ;>ro-
i posed. My own view is, that the smaller the
i court of review is the better for the eilieeut
| and rapid discharge of business. Ther<j never
was, in my humble judgment, a court. b--U<?r
I entitled to be regarded as a model court of
