1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
a quorum to do business; but a law that should
declare that the rest of the Senate besides the
quorum had no right to vote and participate in
your decisions would be utterly void. The Con-
stitution establishes the Supreme Court, and
you provide how many judges shall constitute
it; but you have no right to say that half of
those judges shall take no part in the adjudi-
cations ot that court. You cannot require it;
and I hesitate but little to give it as my opinion
that such a law would be held unconstitutional
by that court, and then you would have eighteen
judges of your Supreme Court of the United
States. Would it relieve the business of the
Supreme Court of the United States to have
eighteen men there to decide cases? Does
anybody want such a court as that?
As I said, sir, I think it but a wasting of
time to discuss a proposition not before us. I
know not whether the Senator from Vermont,
proposes to bring in this proposition again to
be voted upon. If he does I may think it
necessary, when it is proposed and we have it
before us, to say something more upon it.
But, sir, it is sufficient to say now that such a
proposition strikes me as palpably unconsti-
tutional. And, besides, if I were to say an-
other word upon it, if it were constitutional I
should regard it as the worst system we could
devise. Sir, what do we want in a court? We
want stability in its decisions. What sort of
a court would you have with eighteen judges,
nine of them holding your Supreme Court one
year, another nine another year, and so on
alternating? Perhaps out of the nine judges
that held the court in the year 1800 you would
have but three in 1870 ; six dilferent judges
coming upon the bench, enough to turn the
decisions. We know that the cases which come
up to the Supreme Court of the United States
are controverted cases, cases upon which law-
yers and judges often disagree. Many of the
decisions are made by a divided court. Here
is your bench of nine judges ; six of whom 1
suppose would constitute a quorum; and four
of those six would make a decision, the other
two dissenting; or, if the whole nine were
present, five ot' the nine would make a decision,
hive out of eighteen judges would settle the
rights of property. The next year the very
same point comes before the Supreme Court
of the United States, and there may not be
one of those live judges who decided it in 1869
on the bench. You will have the other four
that dissented and five new judges; and the
five new judges that may come there very
likely would entertain a dilferent opinion from
the hva who decided the case before. What
sort of stability would you have in your de-
cisions ? What protection would the people of
this country have for property? How should
we know when we had the decision of the
highest court in the land, the tribunal of last
resort., that the rule of property established by
that court would stand for a single year? Why,
sir, a court that was varying every year could
never have stable decisions upon which the
people of the country could rely; and this is
the very reason why the men who made the
Constitution of the United States put into it a
clause that the judges of that court should hold
their offices during good behavior, that there
might be some consistency and some stability
in the decisions that were rendered by the
court.
I am a little surprised at the pertinacity of
the opposition to this bill to increase the judi-
cial force of the country. I thought that every
Senator knew that there was a pressing neces-
sity for additional force throughout the United
States. There is a pressing necessity in New
York. The Senator from New York objects
to this bill for another very singular reason.
He says that some time or other a former
Comptroller of the Treasury made a report
and showed that it cost some six hundred dol-
lars to get a man into the penitentiary who
pleaded guilty, and that is an objection to this
bill, as I suppose. That is one of the reasons
given. Now, I can say to the Senator from
New York that the difficulty and the occasion
of the expense, in my judgment, of the district
court or circuit court system in his State is
that they go wandering all over the State hold-
ing courts, holding a court at Buffalo and Utica
and Ogdensburg and Albany, and I know not
how many places, probably taking this man
who wanted to plead guilty from one place of
holding the court where he was indicted to
another place to allow him to enter his plea,
and charging for guards and traveling all the
way. If the Senator from New York would
bring in a bill fixing the place of holding the
United Statc-s court in the northern district of
New York at one point I think it would re-
lieve some of the expense of keeping up court-
houses and sending witnesses from one place
to another all over the western and northern
portion of that State.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that there is
very little in any of these objections. We
need, as everybody knows, without stopping
to prove it, without referring to facts which
are patent to the whole country, some addi-
tional ferce in the United States courts. How
shall we get it? One way is to multiply the
district judges. Another way is the one pro-
posed by the committee, to appoint nine cir-
cuit judges. I am not specially wedded to the
nine circuit judges. Perhaps we might multi-
ply the districts, though I think we should have
to make more than nine to accommodate the
country. After considering all these plans,
the Committee on the Judicial y united, with
the exception of the two gentlemen who are
opposing this bill on the present occasion, in
reporting the bill under consideration. On the
whole, although it may not be without its
defects, it is the best system that the commit-
tee could agree upon. It is the one that has
once passed Congress. Something ought to be
done. This subject should not be postponed
until another session of Congress without any
action. To say that it has not been consid-
ered is not in accordance with what we all
know to bo the fact who have been members
of Congress for any length of time. This sub-
ject lias been before the Committee on the
Judiciary for the last ten years every year.
This body has passed bills at different times
to reorganize the judicial system; once such a
bill as the Senator from Missouri now pro-
poses, or very similar to it; but that was not
acceptable to the House of Representatives.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the honor-
able Senator whether that bill to which he now
refers was not passed upon a favorable report
of the Committee oil the Judiciary when he
was, as now, chairman of that committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was passed on a
favorable report of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and perhaps I was chairman at that
time; but whether I was or not I supported
that bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Then why not support itnow?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator asks why
not support it now? We fried that bill. The
House would not adopt it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thev did not act on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They failed to concur
with us.
Mr. DRAKE. They did not consider it, I
think, if the honorable Senator will remember.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is one way that
the Senator from Missouri proposes now to
dispose of this bill, by postponing it and not
considering it. Very likely that was the way
they disposed of that measure in the other
House. It is enough for me to know that it
did not pass. I am not prepared to say that
I am so wedded to the particular bill that is
reported that I should not vote for a bill simi-
lar to the one which passed the Senate some
three or four years ago. Very likely I might.
But, that was not the opinion of the committee
at this time. They thought this a better sys-
tem, and this seems to command support, so
far as I have information, from the judges and
lawyers throughout the country.
Mr. DRAKE. May I ask the honorable
Senator whether the Committee on the Judi-
ciary when they had this subject before them
now had also at the same time the other plan
which I have presented as an amendment, or
whether that was entirely out of sight at the
time the committee considered the plan now
before the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the time the com-
mittee considered the plan now before the Sen-
ate not only that bill, but every bill which
could be found on the files of the Senate, reach-
ing back perhaps for thirty or fortyyears, pro-
posing to change the judicial system of the
United States was sent for. I had them in
my committee-room, and called attention to
them when we reported this bill at the last
session of Congress. They were familiar, I
think, to every memberof the committee. If
every person is to insist on carrying out his
particular views of legislation in regard to
reorganizing the courts we can never pass any
bill. There must be some concession, and
although I probably should have supported a
bill embodying substantially the features of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, had a majority of the committee favored
that particular proposition, lam equally ready
to support the bill upon which the committee
did unite. I think that will accomplish the
object, and, upon the whole, is perhaps the
best that we can do at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Mr. President, I hope
my friend from Illinois will not think me guilty
of any particular crime of rebellion if I venture
to give such reasons as occur to me for differ-
ing from him and from the majority of the
committee. I know it is unfortunate that only
two members of the committee did not agree
to this bill. I should have been glad if the
two had been four, and I entirely agree to what
he says as to the necessity of conceding some-
thing to everybody. That is just what I wish
to do, but I wish to have him concede to the
majority here, if the majority after discussion
should happen to think as I do, the privilege of
thinking that some other plan is better than this.
That is the object of freedom in debate, I sup-
pose. I do not intend to secede absolutely if
this bill is passed, but I do intend to express
such reasons as occur to me and as I believe
in why it ought not to pass.
My friend from Illinois tells us that this plan
of his—though I believe he is not exactly en-
titled to the paternity of it; it was probably
born in the Capitol, but not in any Senate
committee-room—leaves the judicial system as
it finds it. If it did it would be a strong argu-
ment in its favor, but it does not. We have
never since the organization of the Govern-
ment had such a system as this bill proposes.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes; it was once adopted, at
the close of John Adams's administration, but
just as soon as they got an opportunity they
abolished it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Missouri
is right. I had forgotten that. The plan lived
so short a time that it could scarcely be said
to have been born alive. So that as a rule, as
a broad proposition, I may say it is a plan that
has never been practiced upon since the organi-
zation of the Government. It has been the
settled policy of this country, as it has been
of almost all other civilized countries where
the course of the common law prevails, which
we all believe to be the best for the adminis-
tration of justice, that the higher judges, on
the whole, as a rule should participate in the
actual administration of affairs. Nobody knows
it better than my friend from Illinois. He has
graced the supreme court of that State, and
having sat in banc at one time he has descended
from that throne to administer justice in an
humbler way and in a more practical way
among the people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not supposeit very
important to correct the allusion to myself;
but I will inform the Senator from Vermont
that no such system obtains in Illinois. The
supreme court of Illinois is a separate and
distinct court, and its judges never perform
circuit duties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I accept the correction;
and I accept it gladly—misinformed as I was
