m
TIE COIM &IifiSSIGJSTAL GLOBE.
March 28,
as to the jurisprudence of that State—and
accept it as reasonable and satisfactory ground
for the extraordinary tenacity, or, to use my
friend'slanguuge, the extraordinary pertinacity
wiih which he insists upon this pet scheme of
his.' I see that lie has bee.i born to it, and we
all naturally have a liking for that species of
employment which we have pursued.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. If the Senator will
allow me, he is not quite correct now. I was
nor borp to it. The system in Illinois prior to
1847 was such as he has referred to: the jus-
tices of the supreme court performed circuit
duties. We remodeled our constitution in
1847 and made the supreme court distinct and
separate, "and fgr the last twenty years the
jsftdges of the supreme court have performed
bo circuit duties; so that we have had some
practice in that State under both systems.
Jlr. EDMUNDS. I am unable to under-
stand whether my friend from Illinois, as I
stated in the first place, had both tried causes
at nisi priu$ and sat in banc or not. He tells
me, in the first place, that he has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not 011 the bench
prior to 1847.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then my
friends' judicial birth, which is the one I am
speaking of—I am speaking, not as St. Paul
did, as" a man, but as a lawyer and a judge—
my friend's judicial birth was into a system
which elevated him, in the common parlance
of. the Yankees, a peg higher than the gener-
ality of judges in that State, and therefore he
natimjHy enough feels that he did not need
any nisi prim practice to make him a good
judge, as I dare say he did not, and that that
system which he. has practiced under is the
best. It accounts for it reasonably, naturally,
properly.
Now, to return to the more serious subject
of consideration, this system does not leave it
as the law now stands or as the system has
been ; it interpolates into the jurisprudence of
the nation a new and entirely distinct and sep-
arate feature, because the circuit judges, with
the exception, if you can call it an exception,
named by the Senator from Missouri, have
always been the judges of the Supremo Court
allotted to that circuit sitting with the district
judge.
Mr. TRUM-BULL. The district judge holds
the^ circuit court alone nearly ail ovvr the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly he does. Iam
speaking of what the law provides. It has been
found, from the very (act that the district judge
has been compelled to sit alone in the circuit
court, that the evil of which my friend now
complains and of which we all complain and
wliich_ we all feel has grown up, and that is
that, nobody is satisfied with the decision of
the district judge sitting at the circuit, and
therefore everybody appeals or brings a writ
of error to the Supreme Court ill order that
the judgment of the inferior justice may be
reviewed, as generally or quite frequently it
ought to be. On the contrary, if you so en-
large the number of your highest judges as to
carry to the actual administration of causes at
nisi prim the learning, the dignity, and the
respectability that, belong to this court you would
not have one half the number of appeals and
writs of error that you now have ; your calen-
dar would be relieved, the expenses to suitors
would be diminished, and you would get that
speedy justice which is one half of all justice
between man and man. That is the difference.
Now, my friend proposes to remedy that great
evil, for 1 confess it is one that now exists, by
creating another set of inferior judges with
whose judgment nobody will be any more sat-
isfied than at present with the judgments of the
disirict judges; and you will therefore con-
tinue to multiply upon the hands of these eight
gentlemen sitting here appeals and writs of
error without number, whereas if instead of
adding to your difficulties in that way you
would increase the number of your highest
judges-, who would thus be enabled to hold
terms «kkrt/mptwg on account of their being
enough o,f them to do it; you would diminish,
as I have said, by one half the number of your
appeals and writs of error to this court. Would
not that be an advantage, supposing it should
turn out so, 1 ask? My friend from Illinois
would unquestionably admit that.
So my friend is mistaken when he asserts
that you make no change in the system, that
you introduce no innovation. You do exactly
the reverse.
My friend says that another objection which
I suggested is unfounded, because you can
abolish this circuit court that you are establish-
ing if you find it does not work, whereas you
cannot abolish the judges of the Supreme Court.
It is true you can abolish the circuit court if
you choose ; but if you do abolish it you must
abolish it in the nature of things by something
that is a mere subterfuge, by abolishing it and
reconstituting it in some other form, but in
substance the same, because you must have
these inferior courts with general jurisdiction
to try causes at nisi prius. Justice cannot go
on, government cannot go on without them.
Therefore, to say that by some legislative hocus-
pocus you can legislate a man out of office who
the Constitution has said should hold it during
good behavior, is an objection instead of an
advantage in considering this bill. How would
it be as to the judges of the Supreme Court?
You could provide, as we provided a year or
two ago if you found that the system I have
favored did not work, that so often as a vacancy
should occur on the bench from any cause
that vacancy should not be supplied and that
the number of judges should be diminished
accordingly. We have passed that very legis-
lation within two or three years and nobody
has found any fault, because it is a perfectly
legitimate exercise of legislative power; it does
not break in upon either the form, substance,
or spirit of the Constitution; so that you can
diminish the number of judges on your Supreme
bench any day you please by the operation of
nature.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do they die daily?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They do die daily, aimost;
we all do, sir. It is much better to diminish the
number of judges by letting them die daily, or
as often as they get an opportunity, [laughter,]
if my friend will pardon me the expression,
than it is to undertake to create a legislative
revolution, and fly in the face of the substance
and spirit of the Constitution by legislating
bodily out of existence nine men whom you have
appointed and_ who the Constitution declares
shall hold their offices during good behavior.
My friend has done it; as chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee he has reported such a bill,
which has passed and is now the law. It does
not lie in his mouth, therefore, to make an
objection thatyou cannot diminish the number
of judges of the Supreme Court by providing
that as often as a vacancy happens by resigna-
tion, death, or removal from oliice, it shall not
be filled up, and the number shall be dimin-
ished accordingly.
But, my friend says that there is no other
way : that we must do this or nothing; that
the plan which has been suggested of increas-
ing the number of the supreme judges is not
before us. That does not make this bill any
better if it is not; and if this bill should be
adopted or postponed I suppose it might be
before us. There is no constitutional objec-
tion, I suppose, to introducing such a bill.
But then my friend says that he ha3 become
satisfied that such a system will not work in
practice, because unlessyou have all the judges
participating in a decision there will be a con-
stant state of instability in the decisions of
that court, and the decisions that one set of
judges make to-day will be reversed next year.
I should like to ask my friend how the law is
now? Only a majority of the whole number
are necessary to make a quorum, who are au-
thorized to and who do from term to term pro-
nounce upon important c;i uses ; only a majority
of that quorum are necessary to make a decis-
ion, and, indeed, upon an affirmance not a,
majority, an equal division affirms.
Now, what do we find? My friend, if he will
take the trouble to look through the reports of
the decisions, will find that the instances aro
frequent, are numerous, in which the judgment
of the court is pronounced, upheld, and carried
into execution by a minority, and a decided
minority of the whole number of judges who
compose the court. What of it? Do you find
that when the whole number get together at
the next meeting of the court they reverse
that? Not by any means. There lias been no
practical inconvenience from that. It is the
law all over the land. In ever}' Slate of the
Union, I believe, or neaily enough in every
State to make it substantially true, the law is
the same—a simple majority of the court con-
stitutes its quorum, and a majority of thai
quorum constitutes the power to decide cases
and dispose of the estates and rights of men ;
so that it happens every day iu the year in this
land that a minority of the whole body are de-
ciding upon and disposing of the rights and
estates and liberties and lives of men ; and yet
we do not have any turmoil or confusion.
Judgments are rarely reversed by the same
court; I think it is safe to say not as often as
they ought to be, because it is a part of the
education of a lawyer and of a judge to have a
reverence for whatever is once decided accord-
ing to the form of law. You cannot, there-
fore, once in a thousand times find a body of
judges composing the same court who will lay
any hand on a decision that their brethren have
made at any preceding term, no matter how
small the number of those brethren may have
been, if they were the constitutional number,
and without being the constitutional number
they would not have decided it.
But my friend says that itis unconstitutional,
that we are breaking down the fundamental
law to provide that any number less than the
whole number should participate in a decision.
I answer him by the same remarks that I have
already used in calling his attention to the pres-
ent aud the universal state of the law that
always has prevailed, that less than the whole
number shall be a quorum and a constitutional
composition of the court, and that a mere ma-
jority of that number may drcide causes. It
will be time enough for him to object to an
absolute exclusion by law of judges from this
court when any such law is proposed to be
voted upon. I should not propose, if I were
to have my way, to exclude any member of the
Supreme bench of the United States from that
court. I only propose, as almost all the States
do, to provide terms which shall require the
attendance of judges, and if they are attending
those terms they will not be bound to attend
the Supreme Court at the same time. This is
all. 1 do not propose to say that a judge shall
not sit. I only proposed to impose upon him
duties winch he may perform in term time or
out of term time. Would my friend say. to
use a familiar and recent illustration, thai tlie
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States were invalid during the impeachment
trial when the Constitution required the Chief
Justice of that court to be absent from it and
to sit here? The court went on ; causes were
heard; counsel argued; judges deliberated and
decided, and no man has yet been found to
suggest that the Constitution had put a veto
and stoppage upon the operations of that court
until the Chief Justice should be able by the
Constitution and the laws to attend it.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont does not understand me as saying that
the Constitution itself could not provide other
duties for the supreme judges. What I say is
that an act of Congress cannot take the su-
preme judges away from the Supreme Court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend says in
effect that three fourths of all the decisions that
have been made in the State courts of this
Union for more than eighty years have been
absolutely null and void, because in three
fourths of the States for the last eighty years
the law has made provisions which in effect
required some of the judges to be absent from
t-he sittings of their supreme courts, because it
