1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
imposed on them duties which they could not
properly fulfill without some of them being
absent. This is a new idea which has been
discovered recently, 1 think.
ill-. J'RUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that the constitutions of the various States
provide, like the Constitution of the United
States, for one supreme court?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I do.
'Mr. TRUMBULL. And under a similar
clause in ihe constitutions?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend means by
a similar clause a clause in the same exact
words, 1 do not mean to say that; bat I mean
to say that the constitutions of the States pro-
vide for having one supreme court by one
name or another. Sometimes it is called a
supreme court; sometimes a court of errors
and appeals; sometimes by one appellation
and sometimes by another ; but always, by
whatever name you call it, the tribunal of last
resort in the judicial administration of govern-
ment. That is what I mean to say ; and the
law in organizing such courts in three fourths
of the States has always provided, just as our
law does, what shall be a quorum, how many
judges there shall be, and then has provided
for the holding of nisi prius terms from time
to time, which have required some of those
judges, if they attended those terms as the law
required them to do, to be absent when the
general term in bane was being held. Now, I
undertake to say that it is too late in the his-
tory of this country, to say nothing of the
reason of the thing, to maintain that such a
construction of things is unconstitutional.
Why, sir, my friend says that the Constitu-
tion of the United States declares that there
shall be one Supreme Court. 1 agree to that;
but it does not declare how it shall be com-
posed; it does not say how many judges shall
compose it; it does not say how many judges
shall he a quorum of it; it does not say how
many judges of that quorum shall participate
in making a decision of that court upon one
side or the other. It leaves all that to general
principles of legislation, where it ought to be
left, i'he fact, therefore, that the Constitution
only admits of one Supreme Court is of no
more consequence than it would have been if
the Constitution had said there should be
twenty Supreme Courts. They wouid have
been district courts, composed of members,
just as the one is; so that the fact that the
Constitution only names one does not prove
anything.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise for the
purpose of occupying time, but only to defend
the suggest.ions 1 had made from what 1 thought
to be ilie unjust—though certainly not intended
as such—observations of my friend from Illi-
nois.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed Co the eonsidciation of executive
Dimness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall take a
vote on this bill. I think there will be no
more discussion of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there was any hope of
getting a vote 1 would withdraw the motion,
but, I think there is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think we can soon
take the vote now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Minnesota withdraw his motion?
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish the Sen-
ator to withdraw his motion under the suppo-
sition that there is to be a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I insist on themotion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
not go into executive session now.
Mr. DRAKE. The motion isnotdebatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Pending that motion, I
desire to introduce a bill if there be no ob-
jection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the hill if no objection be made.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 194) to provide for loaning the public
money, and for other purposes; which -was
read twice by its title, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPxieusos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 22) relative to consular fees.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. It. No. 9) extending the
time for revising and consolidating the'statutes
of the United States.
The message further announced that, the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution (TL R. No. 30)
to supply omissions in the enrollment of certain
appropriation acts, approved March 3, 1869.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bill and joint resolution, reported them
without amendment:
A bill (TL R. No. 237) to abolish the office of
chief of staff' to the General of the Army ; and
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 43) concern-
ing vacancies in the adjutant general's depart-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 238) relating
to retired officers of the Army, reported it with
an amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND ItEFEKRED.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That tlic petition and papers of Anne E.
Dixon, on tho tiles ot the Senate, be referred to the
Commuteo oil Pensions.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of Mary B.
Hill be taken from tlie files of tho Senate and be
reterred to tho Committee uu Claims.
FOilT KIDUELY RESERVATION.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted thefollowing reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate alt information in (be
possession ot tho War Department in reference to
the abandonment of tho FortRidgely military reser-
vation, m Minnesota.
amendments to bills.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair and ask
to have printed an amendment to the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 6) for tho protection of the
interests of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses. The amendment was prepared by the
chairman of the committee, who was unable to
be here on account, of ill health.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendmentwill beordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT submitted two amendments
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
123) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tubes for the year ending June 30,
1870; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted an amendment
intended to bo proposed by him to the bill (H.
II. No. 3)to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of civil offices; which was ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 9) extending the time
for revising and consolidating the statutes ot
the United States was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States by Mr. j
Porter, his Secretary. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from '
Minnesota, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is put
I beg to suggest to the Senate that I have no
more interest in the bill under consideration
than anybody else ; but 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
I object to debate on a question which the rales
say shall not be debated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
debate it. I only rose to suggest that we shall
never get through our business and adjourn
Congress unless we dispose of some of these
measures,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 14, noes 25.
judicial system.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 44) to amend the judicial system of
the United Slates is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and the question is
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams,] to postpone its further con-
sideration until the first Monday in December
next.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, one of
the first obligations of discussion or debate is
to give fair and full weight to the position of
your antagonist. We ought all to do this ; and
the honorable Senator from Illinois for doing
this would be entitled to less credit than the
rest- of us. He can afford to do it, because he
is so abundantly able to answer all the argu-
ments which are made against him. The
honorable Senator, in turning attention for one
moment to a suggestion which I made in oppo-
sition to this bill, told the Senate that I
grounded my opposition upon the fact that
some man who had pleaded guilty in one of the
judicial districts and was incarcerated had
cost a very large sum of money. The brevity ,
of that statement is commendable, but, 1 object
to it in respect of its accuracy. Let me state
again to the honorable Senator precisely the
use that I made of that fact.
I am not mistaken in supposing that at the
last session, and now at this session, in usher-
ing in this bill the honorable Senator held out to
the Senate the promise that from it we might
hope for escape from the pending necessity of
creating more judicial districts. Yesterday
when the Senator presented this bill, unless I
misunderstood him, he put that as among the
first and most cogent arguments, that here was
abill to afford relief—relief, among other thi ngs,
from the necessity of dividina judicial districts
and creating new ones, and in that provide for
the administration of justice. In answer to
that argument, which 1 think is an essential
argument in favor of any proposition which
we should adopt on this subject, I called his
attention to the fact, and 1 beg to call his atten-
tion again to the fact that not only in the case of
the judicial district to which I adverted, but in
the case of a majority of the judicial districts
in which business is impeded and clogged,
this expedient will afford no relief whatever.
All the inconvenience that exists on account
of the magnitude of the district, on account
of the places where courts are held, on account
of the expense and incumbrance with which
business is transacted, will remain exactly as
it is now, with one single exception. Where
in all other respects the district court is unem-
barrassed and the simple quantity of business
is in excess of the capacity of the judge to
dispatch it there, I admit, some relief will be
afforded by an expedient like this; but my
suggestion is that that is the exceptional case:
that in the great majority of instances in which
relief is needed in the district courts and in
the districts no relief whatever .wilj be afiorded
by this measure. So arguing, I illustrated it
by the case which I put to the honorable Sen-
ator. He says that in that district, for ex-
ample, the way would be to fix a common
