218
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
March 23,
center at which all courts might be held. I
answer him that while there are arguments in
favor of such a proposition there are argu-
ments which have been believed to be over-
whelming against it; so that, after long expe-
rience, after trying the experiment both ways,
by the concurrent judgment of the judicial and
legislative branch of the Government, it has
been ordered otherwise, and is thought that
there are none too many places at which courts
are held, but on the contrary the argument
and the urgency is in favor of increasing, not
of diminishing those places.
But however that may be, I return to the
suggestion that this bill is only a snare and de-
lusion to those who rely upon it to relieve the
pressure in the districts and the pressure in
favor of adivision of districts; and I prophesy—•
and we shall all live long enough, I hope, to
determine the wisdom of the prediction—that at
the very next session of Congress the Judiciary
Committee and the Senate will be besieged as
much as either is besieged now for legislation
dividing districts and affording relief in that
respect; and we shall see, if this plan is to be
adopted, whether to any perceptible extent in
that regard we have done a beneficial thing.
Mr. President, one other word in answer to
the honorable Senator from Illinois. It would
have sounded strange to the ears of lawyers
who have been reared in the State of New
York to listen to the argument made by the
honorable Senator tending to prove a want of
stability of decisions in courts held now by one
set of judges and now by another. Jurispru-
dence has-been worked out in the State of New
Y ork as indefatigably and perhaps as well as
iu most of the States of this Union; and I beg
to say to the honorable Senator that we have
scarcely ever had a court of appeals, a court
with appellate jurisdiction of any kind, based
upon the idea for which he argues. We had
for long years in New York a court of errors,
a multitudinous court, a court exposed by
reason of its being so multitudinous to dangers
. such as the Senator refers to.
But that court thus constituted, changing
every two orfour years with the shifting sands
of politics, was never, for the reason which the
Senator suggests, found a useless, an unavail-
ing, or an objectionable tribunal. We have
now a court of last resort, called a court of
appeals! composed never for more than two
years at a time of the same individuals. On
the contrary, four judges, and four only, are
elected, as always daring their term members
of that tribunal and the other half of the tri-
bunal is always composed of men, in the in-
formal phrase of the judges themselves, being
militia men, not belonging to the regular army
of the court, but coming and going, coming
■one year from the judicialdistricts of the State
denominated by even numbers, and the next
year coming from those districts designated by
uneven numbers, and ooborly has ever founi
that state decisis was not a maxim received
with as much veneration in that tribunal as in
any other. So the Supreme Court at general
term sits as a court m banc, at which is heard
every appeal, and at which must be heaid every
appeal upon a que stion which lias been determ-
ined ii. the first instance at nisi prius. That
Courtis never composed for any series ofyears,
however brief, ot the same individuals; on the
contrary, to-day four judges sit, and if to-day
is the last day of the year, and it be a year in
which a draft falls upon that district for the
court ot appeals one of the judges to-morrow
disappears, and he does not return again for a
twelvemonth, and yet all the time it is the
Supreme Court, sitting in general term ; and a
great majority, as the Senator from Vermont
said, of the decisions are made during the ab-
sence, and the absence enforced by law, of
some member or members of the court, but
never did it enter into the mind of man, I be-
lieve, to suggest that vice was to be found in
adjudications for any reason like this. I think
in all the hunting which ingenuity has done,
particularly in capital cases, where human life
was at stake, for grounds of objection the most
minute and occult, nobody has ever suggested
thatfor a reason like this, constitutionally con-
sidered, fault was to be found, nor has any-
body ever found a want of stability in decis-
ions resulting from such a cause.
I do not, mean, Mr. President, to argue an
absent proposition. I agree with the Senator
from Illinois that it would be more in season
to discuss it were it here, but I only say, in
answer to his remarks upon that subject, that
it seems to me a question and a considerably
balanced question exists whether the prefer-
ence is to be given to a proposition like this
were the only other alternative such a one as
that to which the Senator has adverted.
Now, sir, I shall vote against this bill. I
shall vote for its postponement and its more
leisurely and opportune consideration, not
merely because I believe that the particular
suggestion made is entitled to preference be-
fore this, but because I see or think I see that,
taking the expectations, the promises sug-
gested in favor of this measure, it is destined
to be a failnre. It will neither relieve the
judges of the Supreme Court to any consid-
erable extent and expedite the dispatch of
business there, nor, on the other hand, going
down to the arena in which the chief difficulty
now exists in the disposition of nisi prius busi-
ness, will it afford there the relief for which
the country—I may say the country because it
is all but universal—is crying out? So far
from doing it, my belief is that it will fall short
entirely, and we shall fall heirs at the next
session of Congress to the same practical ques-
tions which come to vex us now.
It was said by the Senator that on a previous
occasion the Senate had adopted a bill based
upon a different theory, which had the support
of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the
House of Representatives did not agree to it;
and he treated the various modes in which it
might have failed to receive the sanction of
the House as equivalent for his purpose. My
attention was drawn to the bill at the time.
I remember well that it passed this body; it
came to the House, and I think I am not mis-
taken in supposing that under the rules and
practice of the House it happened that the
Judiciary Committee of that body was never
called afterward during that session. At all
events, I am positive in the statement that it
had no consideration from the House Judiciary
Committee upon which the House had the op-
portunity to act. Therefore we have, as the
result of this history, the fact that the present
bill substantially has received the sanction of
the Judiciary Committee, has received the
formal sanction of this body, and at the very
last hour of the late session the unconsidered
sanction of the House of Representatives, and
the further fact that within a very recent period
a bill different in character, resembling that
now offered by the Senator from Missouri, re-
ceived also the sanction of the Judiciary Com-
mittee here and the sanction of the Senate, not
without consideration, and then fell in the
House, owing to the accident that the session
was about to terminate or that the long list of
committees there, with a morning hour in which
to call them once a week, prevented action
being taken one way or the other in regard to it.
Mr. President, if it were important that we
should act at once on this subject, if the sub-
ject were one suffering not only in the present,
but especially to suffer during the next six or
eight months, and we were to pick and choose
at once, then I admit that the argument would
be very strong in favor of the same action. I
do not admit that this is the best alternative
which,has been suggested; on the contrary
were I called upon to vote now on the propo-
sitions before us, although I should hesitate
after the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary has expressed his grave doubts
of the constitutionality of such a measure, I
think I should vote in preference to this for a
bill creating, not perhaps eighteen, but thirteen
or fourteen judges of the Supreme Court, some
of them to be sitting in banc, while olbers were
sitting at nisi pritis. I admit tlmt that would
show that we ought to act one way or the other;
but no such argument is here. The present
term of the Supreme Court has substantially
ended ; the judges are to go hence to perform
their circuit duties; and during the vacation
which is now to occur, in any aspect very slight
benefit, very slight effect of any sort would ,be
derivable from this measure.
Therefore, with much more freedom from
doubt than I should have in choosing between
the different measures, I shall vote, and hope
it may be the pleasure of a majority of the
Senate to vote, to postpone for the present this
subject, and let us take it up more deliberately
when these other measures can be brought and
shall be brought before us, and vote under-
standingly, not only upon this, but upon such
other alternatives as may be urged upon us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until the first Monday of December.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. On this question I have
paired with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes.] I should vote against the postpone-
ment,, and he would vote for it if he were here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays ii; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman. Buckingham,
Cameron, Conkling, Drake, Ghlbort, llamlin, Mor-
rill, Pr.itt, and Williams—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly. Cattell, Chandler, Colo, Crasin,
Davis, Featon, Fowler, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Kel-
logg, McCrccry. McDonald, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomerov. Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, t-'cliurz, Seott, Sherman, Sprasrue,
Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vickors, Warner, Willey, and Wil-
son—14.
ABSSInT—Messrs. Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry, Fes-
scnden, Grimes, Howard, Pool, Saulsbury, Spencer,
and Yates—10.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendmentproposea by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to the
amendment reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. DRAKE. Before the question is taken
there is a verbal correction 1 should like to
make. On the sixth page, in section eleven,
line'three, the word " fifth " should be stricken
out and " sixth " inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That if in regard to any
cause pending m said Supreme Court the justices
sitting shall be equally divided in opinion no judg-
ment shall be entered therein based on suoh division,
but such cause shall be heard again when there shall
be an odd number of justices sitting.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to say much
in regard to this amendment. I think it is one
which will commend itself to the judgment of
every Senator ; I think it ought, at least. I
think very great injury is done parties in the
court by the affirmance of the judgment of the
court below by an equal division of the judges;
and where the court is not constituted of an
equal number of judges, as this Supreme Court
will not be if this bill shall pass, it ought never
to be allowed. In my opinion no judgment of
this court should be entered in any case with-
out the concurrence of a majority of the court
in that judgment; and therefore it is that I
offer this amendment providing that wherever
it so happens that the number of judges sitting is
an even number, and they are equally divided
in opinion, no judgment shall be entered based
upon that equal division, but that the case
shall be reheard when there is an odd number
of judges sitting.
M r. i'RU MB ULL This relates to a matter
of practice ; and there are various matters of
