1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
practice that I should be very glad to see cor-
rected, and I do not know that I should offer
any opposition to this proposition at the proper
time; but I trust nothing of this kind will be
pat upon this bill. The proposition has not
been considered; it is offered here in the Sen-
ate ; no committee has considered it; and I
hope the amendment will not be put on this
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see why this is not
as proper a time as any to consider it. The
proposition is a very simple one. It is not a
matter of practice; it is not a matter which
touches the decision of causes upon their merits.
A man's whole fortune may be destroyed by
the affirmance of a judgment of an inferior
court by an equal division of the Supreme
Court ol' the United States. A man's personal
rights may be taken away from him because
it so happens that when his case is heard in
court there are only eight judges^ there and
they are divided in opinion, when if the ninth
judge were there he might be saved. The
whole system of entering a judgment of affirm-
ance upon an equal division of an appellate
court is a vicious and a wrong system, [f
you constitute the court with an even number
of judges, and there can be no umpire where
there is an equal division, then of course this
rule which I am trying to set aside must pre-
vail; but we are instituting a court now with
a ninth judge, where there can be in every case
a hearing belore an odd number of judges and
the majority of the court can have a decision
of the case, and where men's rights need not
be liable to be taken away from them by the
mere accident of the absence of one judge
from the bench and an equal division of the
others in opinion. _ _ .
I protest against having a thing of this kind
ruled off this bill on the mere assumption of
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee that
it is not in time. I say it is in time. I pro-
test further against its being ruled out because
it lias not been considered by the Committee
on the Judiciary, when the best that that com-
mittee could do" to reorganize the judiciary of
the United States was, after months of delib-
eration, to bring in a scheme dead and buried
for sixty odd years and revive it here now
after it had been the only scheme for the re-
organization of the judiciary of this country
that had ever been utterly repudiated and
abandoned. Sir, there is something in this
Senate Chamber besides the knowledge of the
Committee on the Judiciary. There are men
here who know something about courts besides
the members of that committee.
I say again, with regard to this proposed
amendment, it is a wrong not to be tolerated
in any judicial system where it is possible to
have a case decided by a majority of the tri-
bunal, by the positive judgment of a majority
of the tribunal, that the rights of men shall be
taken away, lost forever, by the mere fact that
an even uumber of judges sat there and were
equally divided in opinion. _ ...
Sir, I trust that the sense of right and justice
in the Senate is too strong to suffer an amend-
ment of this kind, which looks to the adminis-
tration of justice npon fair terms, to be thrown
out of the Senate by the mere ipse dixit of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary.
I call for the yeas and nays oil the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be
aware that judgment cannot be based on a
division. He has written the amendment so
as to speak of a judgment being based on the
division instead of 011 the opinion.
Mr. DRAKE. It is on the division of opin-
ion in the judges that the judgment is based.
Mr. PO MERO Y. On the division of opinion ;
but not 011 the fact that they are divided.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, it is, sir. They say that
no positive judgmentcan be entered, and there-
fore they affirm the judgment of the court
below upon an equal division.
Mr. POMEROY". My remark only related
to a criticism of language, not of the fact.
Mr. DRAKE. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. It is all right enough. It
speaks of''such division," meaning "such
division of opinion."
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand it
to be so before.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 39 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Conkling, Cragin, Drake,
Hamlin, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Pratt, Sohurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, and Williams—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly,
CatteU, Chandler, Cole. Davis, Fenton, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald,
Morton, Patterson, Pooaeroy, "Ramsey, lltce, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Scott. ShermanvStewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
Willev, and Wilson—39.
ABSENT—Messrs. Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Fowler, Grimes, Howard, Pool, Saulsbury,
Thayer, and Yates—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section .
And be it farther enacted, That any judge of any
court of the United States who is now seventy yoars
of age, or whenever ho shall become seventy years
of ago, may, upon his written application to the
President, be retired from active service as such
judge, and thereafter ho shall, during his natural
life, be entitled to receive from the United States
the same annual salary that was paid and receivod
by him at the time of his application as aforesaid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that measure is put
upon this bill it will in all probability defeat
it. There is great division of opinion, as is
known in the Senate, in regard to the pen-
sioning of persons in the civil service ; and
while I myself would be willing to vote for a
proposition of the kind now proposed as a sep-
arate bill, I should regret very much to have
it put upon this bill. We have endeavored to
keep the judicial bill separate by itself, to keep
off from it all questions of practice ; and now
if you put on it a bill pensioning judges I
apprehend it will defeat any legislation. How-
ever willing I might be to vote for it as a sep-
arate proposition, I trust it will not be put on
this bill. ,
Mr. SPRAGUE. This proposition may be
defeated by lawyers in the other House; but,
sir, it will not be defeated by those who have
cases to be presented to the various courts ol
the United States who employ the judges. In
every other country where civilization exists
such an arrangement is made whereby there
can be a vigorous judiciary for the adjudica-
tion of the cases of the people ; and X trust
that this will be tried in the other House, and
I trust that the lawyers of the Senate will
make that tiial, and will give it to the people
of the country who alone sustain these courts.
Mr. MORTON. I am in favor of the meas-
ure provided for in this amendment, but fear-
ing that it may embarrass or endanger the bill,
I should prefer that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would put it into a separate bill, and
in that form I will vote for it.
Mr. THURMAN. My objection to the
amendment is this: if I understand it, it does
not propose that the judge who has become
seventy years of age is to resign, but it pro-
vides for a retired list of judges, of men who
are still to be judges. Well, what are they
to do ? They have a right to go on the bench
if they please or to stay away if they please ;
to be allowed to attend or not to attend. If a
proposed measure were before the Senate pro-
viding that judges who had^ served a given
number of years and had attained to a certain
age should be entitled upon a resignation of
their offices to a pension for the rest of their
lives, which is the English system, 1 might be
willing to vote for it; but this proposes no
such tiling as that. A judge may be appointed
when he is sixty-nine years of age, serve but
one year, and then go on the retired list with
the salary for the rest of his life, it i unuer-
stand the amendment. I submit that that is
not right. If we are to have a pension-list, let
us provide that when a judge has served^on the
bench twenty-five years and has attained to
the age of seventy years he may resign and
receive a pension fos the rest of his life.
Mr. MORTON. The condition of resigna-
tion ought certainly to be connected with it,
because that will enable us to get a younger
man in his place. I would not, however,
require a previous service on the bench of
twenty-five years, because if it is necessary for
the business of the court that a man should be
retired at the age of seventy the fact will not
be altered from the consideration that be has
not been upon the bench twenty-five years.
It will be wiser, I think, in order to meet that
to provide that no man who is over a certain
age shall be appointed to the office.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take tip House
joint resolution No. 6; and then I propose to
move an executive session.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is in order.
Mr. MORTON. There are a number of
executive messages on the table, and I move
we now proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
from Indiana allow this to come up to be in
order to-morrow? It is joint resolution (H.
R. No. 6) for the protection of the interests of
the United States in the Union Pacific Railway
Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I withdraw my
motion. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn takes precedence.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are messages on
the table that ought to be referred.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator trom
Ohio, to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spentin executive session, the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 23, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
correction.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to make
a correction of the record in reference to the
vote taken, on the closing night of the last ses-
sion, upon the resolution offered by me with
reference to the disposition to be made of the
Washington relics taken from Arlington. 1 lie
Globe—following, 1 have no doubt, the Jouvnal,
which, however, I have not examined—repre-
sents me as not voting upon that resolution. I
voted in the affirmative.
lighting tiie old hall.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for refei-
ence to the Committee on Appropriations :
Ill-solved, That the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion be instructed at the time the new skylight is
placed m the old Hall of Representatives to caa.e
gas-pipes to be placed between the ,,
lighted with olectric lava-tipped Ir ■, wa]i
bitter, now used be
of Representatives; and that the sum 01 "
appropriated to defray the expenses ot the sam„.
There being no objection, the resolution wa*
introduced and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
