222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
There is but one of the former commissioners
who, it is understood, is willing to go on with
the work, so that the question is just whether
the work ought to go on. And as I believe
every gentleman who has spoken has agreed
that it ought to be done, this resolution ought
to be passed.
Mr. POLAND. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
that all the objections ! have heard made in
reference to this matter were elaborately con-
sidered in the committee, and have been at-
tempted to >>e avoided in the bill that we have
reported. The necessity for this revision seems
to be conceded on every hand. No gentleman,
I think, has ever attempted to examine the
statute-books of the United States on a ques-
tion of law who has not found it a veiy difficult
task, from the fact that the statutes are scat-
tered through so many different acts.
The very great necessity for this revision is
apparent upon the face of it. Although the
commission has not got on anything as rapidly
as gentlemen woald desire, yet it must be re-
membered that it is a very slow process, neces-
sarily, to examine five or six hundred different
acts bearing upon the same subject and con-
dense them into one. To bring all the law
bearing upon this subject into this convenient
space is a work of immense labor, which does
r.ot appear very imposing when it comes to be
examined. I agree most fully with the chair-
man of the committee that it was too great a
labor for the three years, even it' the commis-
sion had all been industriously engaged in it.
It is true undoubtedly that the gentleman who
was at the head of the commission did noth-
ing. That, however, as the gentleman trom
Massachusetts has said, is passed. We all
agree, 1 think, that the commission should
continue and that the work ought to go on.
What has been done is of considerable value
certainly already.
The gentleman who has been industriously
engaged upon this work is undoubtedly more
competent now for the work than he was when
he began. His studies have done very much
forhim in this direction.. Now, the committee
thought it was best to authorize -the President
ot the United States to fill up this commission,
to keep, aswebelieve he will do, Judge James,
who has done his work well, upon the com-
mission, and to appoint two others like him to
go'forward and complete the revision.
Now, what objection is there to that? The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler]
suys he wants a new commission. Why a new
one? What would be gained by having a new
Oiie? Substantially it will be a new one, how-
ever, though it will be a continuance of the old
commission. It will save the work which has
been done, and it will aid the new commis-
sioners to go on and complete the work. If it
has been a sinecure heretofore I am sure that
the intention is that it shall not be so hereafter.
I believe under the new appointing power a
commission will be appointed with single ref-
erence to the accompiishmentof their duty, so
that the places will be no sinecure, i think
gentlemen will agree that the salaries are not
too high, considering the value of the work, if
the commissioners work industriously, as I
think they will hereafter do. The committee
thought it was best to provide for the contin-
uance of this commission for three years, to
nil U up andmake it what it should be, and
let it go on with this very necessary work.
Mr. POLAND. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodwabd. 1
Mr. WOODWARD. During the last Con-
gress I had the honor to serve 011 the Committee
011 .Revision of Laws of the United States, and
I had an opportunity to see the character of the
work done by this commission, so far as it was
done. I testify with great pleasure that the duty
was well performed so far as Judge James was
concerned. The other two members of the com-
mission left no trace of their work whatever,,
unless perhaps it was with the accounting offi-
cers for their salaries ; they left no trace of
their work on the statutes. But Judge James,
as far as he went, inaugurated a system of codi-
fication and digesting that must be most valu-
able to the two Houses of Congress and to the
people of the United States, for every man
knows what has been stated in this debate, that
our statutes area "maze, and all without a
plan," an inextricable tissue of obscure and
inconsistent provisions, insomuch that it is
almost impossible to find out what the law is
on some questions. This is a state of things
that is growing worse and worse every year.
Our legislation accumulates; statutes are piled
upon statutes; provisos and qualifying enact-
ments are multiplied, and every year the laws
become more and more obscure and more diffi-
cult to be ascertained. The plan of revision
that Judge J am es has inaugurated will extricate
questions from these difficulties, and spread
before us and befoie the people of the country
a body of statutes in a compendious form and
reasonable shape that every man of common
intelligence can understand.
Now, what the country wants is the addition
to this commission of two other such men as
Judge James, if they can be found in the coun-
try ; and I tell the House that there is not one
man in ten thousand that is qualified to be a
reviser of our statutes. It is a rare talent ;
there are but few men who possess it. 1 do
not know that Judge James originally pos-
sessed it. I think he told us when he was
before the committee that he did not. Buf
by study and application to his work he has
acquired facility and ability in it. I think
Congress would make a great mistake if they
should deprive the country of the experience
and ability that Judge James has developed
in the progress of his work. What is needed
is that this commission should be continued,
and that two other men like Judge James, it
they can be found, should be added to him to
complete this work so well begun. When it
is done, I do not believe that an equal amount
of money could be expended by tlie Congress
of the United States so much to the public
advantage. 1 hope, therefore, that the bill
reported by the gentleman from Vermont will
be passed. It is simply a continuance of the
commission for three years more, and gives
authority to the President of the United States
to fill up the two vacancies that now exist.
Mr. POLAND. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenokbs.]
Mr. J ENCKES. Mr. Speaker, itseems to me
that a continuance of this commission is a duty
which tins Congress owes to the people of the
United States. Congress has been enacting
laws eversinee theadoption of the Constitution,
and those statutes are now spread through fif-
teen large octavo volumes. It is a maxim of
the law that the law must be known to every
officer and every citizen ; yet when a person is
appointed to office to enforce those laws or any
portion of them he finds it almost impossible
to ascertain what tlie statute law upon any
given subject is. It does not exist in weli-
digested statutes or chapters of statutes, or any
connected series of legislative acts in any of
these volumes, but is scattered, as the gentle-
man Irom Vermonthas said, in many instances
through various statutes which are not for a
single purpose, but for many. Thus you will
find the laws removing disabilities upon wit-
nesses in half a dozen appropriation bills.
We also find some other most important
statute provisions contained in appropriation
bills, the titles of which give no indication of
the important provisions of general law which
they contain. Nor is there any good digest or
thorough index of those statutes to which any
one can turn and find what the statute law is
upon any given point. And, as has been well
said here, the evil goes on increasing from
year to year.
The Thirty-Eighth Congress passed more
laws in bulk than were passed by the first ten
Congresses. The Thirty-Ninth Congress did
the same, the Fortieth Congress did the same,
and probably the laws of the Forty-First Con-
gress will also make an equally bulky volume.
Many of those laws are laws repealing, alter-
ing, or varying prior statutes j and it is impos-
sible'evetr for a lawyer, giving his time day by
day, week by week, month by month, and year
by year, in his practice to the subject to under-
stand those laws except by devoting years to
their careful collation and study. Let any
one, even one who is a lawyer by profession,
reflect for a moment if the question was putto
him, " Where shall wefind the statute law upon
any particular subject?" what answer he would
give. It is impossible for any person to answer
properly unless he has made the particular
subject of legislation his study.
The object of this commission is to select
the statutes which are now in force, to reject
those which are obsolete, and to provide tor
the repeal of those which should be swept
away, to condense this vast mass of statute laws
into two or three volumes of the live, actual
statute law of the country, to which any one
can turn easily and read it. It is a duty which
we owe to the servants of the Government who
are in office and to the people who are gov-
erned by those laws and bound to obey them.
Now, because some time has been lost, be-
cause some persons not fully competent or not
fully willing to perform the duties have entered
upon these offices, is it wise to throw the whole
of this work away? Shall we neglect this duty
because some persons have failed to do that
which was committed to their charge? Itseems
to me utterly false logic to reject a wise meas-
ure because those first appointed to carry it
out have not readily comprehended it or acted
properly under it.
As the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] has said, it is one of the most
difficult things in the world to properly digest
laws. And he has not put the proportion loo
high, that of one in ten thousand, who are
competent to undertake this task. A man who
has been a lawyer or a judge or a legislator is not,
therefore, necessarily competent to sit down
and digest the vast mass of the statute laws of
this country. He may be even a great jurist,
as was the head of this commission ; he may
be learned in all the branches of the common
law and of jurisprudence, and yet not be equal
to the work of codification.
Jurisprudence is a science; legislation and
codification are arts, and must be learned as
arts and practiced as such before one can be-
come master of them. It is true that some of
these commissioners were selected not only
without having a previous knowledge of the
statute law of the United States, but also with-
out previous practice either in legislation or
codification. It was very much as if Congress
should order a magnificent historical painting
for the Kotunda of the Capitol, and the Pres-
ident of the United States, instead of selecting
one of the first artists of the country or of the
world to do the work, should call a mere grinder
of colors, to begin at the rudiments of his art
and study it up to perform that great com-
mission.
In this case this commission will soon expire.
There are men in the country competent to do
this work, and I trust the present Administra-
tion will be able to find such of them as will
accept the place, although the salary is low
and the drudgery of the duty is immense. It
is one of those things which should be done,
and should be well done.
There is no reason for the fear intimated by
gentlemen that these offices will continue to
be sinecures. Both branches of Congress have
appointed committees upon this subject, and it
is to be presumed that these committees will
do their duty and see that these commissioners
perform their work. I trust this commission
will be continued, and that in the period of
three years, if practicable, we shall have our
Statutes-at-Large reduced to two or three handy
and complete volumes fit to be placed in the
hands of the people.
Mr. POLAND. 1 yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] for a mo-
ment.
Mr. liCTLEll, of Massachusetts. I desire,
