1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
. 227
Allison] will allow me to make that motion.
This committee has been constituted for the
purpose of considering matters of this Mnd.
Let them take this under consideration and
report upon it. Then the House can take
sucli action as in its best judgment it may deem,
proper. If my friend declines to permit me to
make that motion I hope the House will vote
down the previous question and give me the
opportunity to make it.
Mr. ALLISON. It would give me great
pleasure to oblige my friend from New York,
but I can state to the House that this resolu-
tion does not appropriate a single acre of land.
Its only object is to authorize the organization
of a corporation with a local jurisdiction in the
State of Nebraska, where the road is to be
built. It authorizes the shortening of a line of
road, and therefore to that extent it is a re-
striction or limitation of an existing grant of
iand. I have -agreed to allow the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Winans,] from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, to offer ail amend-
ment, so as to make it absolutely guarded.
And in reply to the suggestion as to the neces-
sity of a consideration of this subject by a
committee, I will say that the Committee on
•the Public Lands, which is usually as careful
and vigilant with reference to laud grants as
any other committee in the House, has con-
sidered this resolution and given itsunanimous
approval of the measure. I now yield to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WINANS. I desire to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
IjOGav.] He claims that the Committee on
the Public Lands have informally considered
this resolution, and he lectures, not that com-
mittee, as I understand it, but the House, for
•not having referred a joint resolution which
was introduced -and passed yesterday to that
committee. Now, I submit that the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands did not report the res-
olution yesterday, but it was introduced by a
member upon Ins own responsibility. It is
true that the Committee on the Public Lands,
the bill being referred to them, did consider
and approve it, and that fact was so stated
pending the discussion. Just so in this case.
This resolution, it is true, was not referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, but it was
informally considered by that committee and
approved, as has been stated on this floor.
Now, I trust that the matter has been suffi-
ciently explained to induce the gentleman from
Illinois to reconsider the purpose which he has
expressed of resigning his position upon the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. LOGAN. As the gentleman refers to
me, I would like him to state by what author-
ity, under what rule, or by virtue of what law
the Committee on the Public Lands got pos-
session of a bill from the Speaker's table which
was never referred to that committee ?
Mr. WINANS. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. You say you considered it
as a committee. I ask by virtue of what rule
or law or parliamentary usage, or by what
authority, you got possession of the joint reso-
lution V
Mr. WINANS. I will answer by saying that
the committee had not possession of the joint
resolution.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I wsuld like the gen-
tleman to tell me how they could consider the
joint resolution ?
Mr. WINANS. If the gentleman will permit
me I will answer.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. WINANS. I will answer the gentle-
man further by saying that the members of
that committee considered this joint resolution
upon the invitation of the gentleman from
Iowa, and by virtue of the right which God and
their constituents gave them. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. £ God-given right to con-
sider the joint resolution !
Mr. WINANS. _ God gave them the right
to consider anything they pleased. [Laugh-
ter.] .
Mr. LOGAN. A special dispensation, I sup-
! That is a new feature to me. I did
not know the committee had it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINANS. I desire now to make a few
remarks in regard to the joint resolution itself.
It proposes or authorizes a change in the loca-
tion of the road, an assignment of the fran-
chises of the company, and a change in the
terminus of the road. It is said by the gen-
tleman who advoca'tes the bill that it will
shorten rather than lengthen the line of road,
and that consequently there will be a less
quantity of lands appropriated by this amend-
ment than would be appropriated if the amend-
ment were not made. Now, I am not sure
of that, and when the matter was under con-
sideration by the members of the committee
I offered an amendment, which, however, did
not prevail. I offer that amendment now. It
provides that the company shall have no more
nor a greater proportion of lands than if tlie
joint resolution were not passed.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That said company or its assignees shall
have no more nor a greater proportion of lands or
other aid than it would have been entitled to if this
joint resolution had not been passed.
Mr. ALLISON. I agree to that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It must be voted on by
the House.
Mr. ALLISON. Well, I am willing that it
shall be adopted.
Mr. CLAIIKE. I want to ask the gentle-
man from 1 owa another question. 1 understood
him to state a little while ago that the passage
of this joint resolution would shorten the line
of road, and consequently involve a change
from the original location. Now, I want to
call the attention of the House to the fact that
a change in the line of this land grant involves
a very serious difficulty, and is an invasion of
the private rights of settlers. Under these bills
which we pass here the Interior Department
proceed on the filing of a map to withdraw
the lands along the line of road.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. CLARKE. One word more. The gen-
tleman from Iowa now comes in and asks
Congress to change that original location, but
in the mean time settlers have gone upon these
lands under your preemption and homestead
laws and have only been entitled to take eighty
acres of land. Now, if you change the loca-
tion of the road by the passage of this joint
resolution, what protection, I ask the gentle-
man, does he propose to give to those settlers
under the homestead and preemption laws who
have been entitled to take only eighty acres
under the original location? .
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer the gentle-
man from Kansas. The first objection lie made
was that this railroad company had by some
means got into the State of Kansas and taken
lands there under the authority of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. In reply to that I will
say that the Secretary of the Interior revoked
that authority, and, as I am informed by gen-
tlemen who know all about this matter, this
railroad company has not since that time made
any claim to lands in the Stats of Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE. That is all right.
Mr. ALLISON. Now I will notice the next
objection of the gentleman, which is that this
joint resolution authorizes a change in the loca-
tion of the line of the road. I will say in reply
to that that I am informed by a gentleman
upon whose word I place implicit reliance that
it is not the intention to make any material
change in the general location of the line of
this road, but that they only desire to run the
road to the capital of the State of Nebraska,
whereas by the original survey it would go a
few miles from that capital.
I say further, in reply to the gentleman from
Kansas, that it is the most ordinary thing for
us to permit these railroad companies to
change the line of their road. I trust I have
made a sufficient explanation of this joint res-
olution. I say again that it confers no power
not already conferred by law. It limits and
restricts the amount of land instead of extend-
ing it; and with the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. WlK'AN'S,] to
which I have no objection, 1 believe this joint
resolution ought to pass. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me before he demands the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the proposition to refer this joint resolution.
It seems we have a Railroad Committee or
two in this House, and yet the chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands assures
us that the members of that committee have
examined the joint resolution and are satisfied
with it, as though that ought to satisfy us. If
this joint resolution is not to go to the proper
committee there is another committee I desire
should consider it. I wish the Committee of
Elections to have a chance to look into it, so
I can say, as that gentleman has said, to the
House that the members of that committee
have looked over the joint resolution and are
satisfied with its provisions. I also wish to
have the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions to have the same chance. If this joint
resolution is not to be considered by the proper
committee we arc all equal on this floor, and
I have the right to get up and say I have not
examined this bill and therefore am not satis-
fied with it, just as my honorable friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] who is chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands, has stated
that he and his colleagues have examinedit
and are satisfied with its provisions. But, sir,
1 desire to have tlie joint resolution referred
to the proper committee ; "and I shall vote for
that motion.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to say one word in
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana for one minut® for that
purpose.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not wish the gentleman
from Wisconsin to suppose that the Committee
on the Public Lands desire to have any meas-
ure passed without proper investigation. I
have no more desire to impose my judgment
or that of the committee with which I act upon
him than he has to impose his judgment or that
of the Committee of Elections upon other
members of the House without scrutiny. I
was called upon by the gentleman from Iowa
to state as a fact whether we had had this ques-
tion informally before us and our judgment
upon it, and f stated the fact iu reply to that
interrogatory.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE. As all these questions of
courtesy have been disposed of, 1 wish to say
that this road runs through my entire State.
In the first i;-lace I do not believe that portion
of the joint*resolution which refers to the or-
ganization in the State of Nebraska is neces-
sary. 1 believe the company can organize
under the general incorporation act ot that
State. So far as that is concerned I happen
to know that the Burlington road does not ask
for this; hut it is because the capitalists who
furnish the money prefer action shall be had
here to make the thing certain.
As to the change of the route, this does not
give one additional acre of land ; but on the
contrary, as the road is shortened, they are
compelled to lease a portion of the land on
the route already filed with the Secretary of
the Interior. Locally I am not interested^ iu
this road. I am on the line of the Union
1 Pacific. My constituents, however, want it,
| and if there are any hardships they will apply
to the people of my State.
Mr. ALLISON. After the statement, of tue
! gentleman from Nebraska and the gentleman
: from Indiana, the chairman oftlie Committee on
the Public Lands, I do notthmk that the gentle-
; man from Wisconsin will insist on his motion
that the joint resolution shall be referred to
i the Committee of Elections or the Committee
