1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
ABSENTEE SHAWNEE LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 8, for the
relief of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee
lands in Kansas; which was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope that resolution will
be taken up and put on its passage.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that it shall remain
on the Speaker's table without action for the
present. We do not wish to refer it at this
time.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope the gentleman will
allow this to be put on its passage at this time.
It is a local measure, and I do not see how
there_ can be any objection to it. It is for the
relief of some one hundred and fifty settlers
upon lands included within the public lands—
lands advertised to be sold by proclamation of
Mr. Lincoln, in 1863, and withheld from sale
because the residents of the lands were absent
in theUnion Army. It is just and there is no
objection to it, and I certainly hope the chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands will
allow this measure of relief to pass. If he has
no objection, but merely wishes to investigate
the question further, I will consent that it shall
be temporarily laid aside.
Mr. JULIAN. I shall not myself, in defer-
ence to the strong and earnest wishes of the gen-
tleman from Kansas, move its reference ; but
I have reasons which satisfy me that I should
examine the joint resolution before I allow it
to be voted on. I am willing it shall be laid
aside temporarily.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was allowed to remain on the Speaker's
table in its regular order.
UTILES Oi? COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted to the House the rules of the Committee
of Elections, and moved that they be printed
for the benefit of contestants as well as for the
information of the House generally, and also
moved that tliey be printed m the Globe.
The motion was agreed to. They are as
follows:
1. All proceedings of the committee shall bo re-
corded iu the journal, wliieti shall be signed daily by
the clerk; unit at each meeting tho journal of the
preceding meeting shall be first read tor correction,
unless it ahull be otherwise oidercd by a majority of
the members present.
ii. The contested cases shall be entered upon the
docket ot the committee in the order in which they
shall have been referred by the House, ami shall be
considered by Uie committee m the same order; but
a case may be taken up out ot its order by a vote of
a majority ot the members present.
3. Mo paper shall he removed lrom the committee-
room except for the purpose ot being printed or used
m the House without the permission ot the com-
mittee.
4. Tnere shall be no oral arguments in eases in
which either of the claimants shall have been admit-
ted to the contested seat; but ail arguments iu such
cases shall be punted and liled at such times as the
committee shall order. Only ono argument shall be
liled in behalt ot each claimant. The committee,
however, may, by a voto of a majority of tho mem-
bers present, peirnit the parties to a contest to pre-
sent oral arguments not exceeding one hour on each
side.
o. If the committee shall be divided in their vote
upon any contested ease a written report shall be
submitted to the committee by tho majority, and
the views of the minority may be submitted to the
committee 111 writing; alter which a final vote shall
be taken and a report adopted for submission to the
Bouse.
6. No person shall be present during any consulta-
tion of the committee except the members and the
clerk.
7. Members of the committee may use the journal
in the House in tho di ,cussion of cases pending
therein; but tho pioceedmgs of the committeo shall
not bo otherwise published, without the permission
ot tho committee.
8. All papers referred to tho committee shall be
entered on tho docket by the House docket clerk
according to the number of the packagos, and they
shall bo identified upon the docket.
it. When the evidence in a case is to be sent to the
printer, the clerk oi the committee shall submit the
respective papers to the contestant and contestee in
the committee-room, and in their presence, and with
their assistance, shall arrange and index them, and
send such index to the printer to identify the papers.
10. No papers referred to the committee meon-
tested cases shall be open to inspection until printed
except m cases which the committee shall have
decided to hear and determine without printing the
evidence, but the clerk may have the aid of tll6 par-
ties in arranging papers for the printer.
11. The committee shall not rescind, amend, or
add to the foregoing rules except by a vote of a
majority of all the members.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. DIXON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts :
Resolved, That the Committee of Commerce be
authorized to employ a clerk during the sessions of
the Forty-First Congress, to be paid the same com-
pensation as clerks of other standing committees of
the House.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO EUROPE.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) ex-
tending the provisions of an act approved July
27,1868, establishing aline of American steam-
ships between New York and Europe ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I aui di-
rected by the Committee on Reconstruction to
report back concurrent resolution of the Sen-
ate that a joint special committee, consisting
of four Senators and four Representatives, be
appointed, to which shall be referred all appli-
cations for removal of political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, with the recom-
mendation that it be non-concuned in.
The committee instructed me to report non-
concurrence iu that resolution, and for tins
reason : since that resolution was sent to the
House the Senate have appointed a special
committee of its own.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the gentleman would
yield the floor to me for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman for a question.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make a remark
or two. 1 trust that the rumor going out from
the Committee on Reconstruction will prove
to be true that we are no longer to peddle out
pardons here in a manner unbecoming the
dignity of the House. It seems that we are to
receive from the Committee on Reconstruction
some general bill which will enable people, not
of one party alone, but of all parties, of the
Democratic as well as of the Republican party,
to be reconstructed—reconstructed without any
distinction of party. I trust the Committee
on Reconstruction of the House or of the Sen-
ate will soon agree on some general bill by
which measures of amnesty shall be extended
to all portions of our people, whatever hitherto
may have been their party preferences or
whatever paity they may now belong to.
It is quite time, sir, that this House should
have arrived at that conclusion ; and I am quite
suie that the country expects such a conclu-
sion. There is no committee-room which will
hold the thousands of persons who now desire
amnesty from the Federal Government. The
Capitol itself is not large enough to contain the
hundreds and thousands who desire amnesty
from the Federal Government and forget ful-
ness of all past offenses. The time, sir, in
my judgment has now arrived when the olive
branch should be extended to all portions of
our common country; and although at the
last Congress, on all occasions whenever a
man of opposite politics was asked to be par-
doned, I voted for amnesty, yet I have come to
the conclusion that 1 will vote no further for
such pardons, for such party pardons alone,
unless there shall be a general amnesty ex-
tended to all. Rumor has gone out to the
public that the gentleman from Massachusetts
has such a bill in contemplation. I trust it is
true. He will render great service to the coun-
try if his heart is open enough, wide enough,
expanded and generous enough to embrace all
portions of our common country and all parties
in that country. I trust he is ready to report
from the Committee of Reconstruction such a
bill, and I am quite sure that the country will
accept it from his or any other hands with the
greatest possible pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The first >
necessity in regard to this resolution is that we
shall non-concur in it, because the Senate
have already taken other action.
In regard to the other matters which have
been suggested by the gentleman from New
York, in some I agree and in some I do hot
quite agree with his views. I think myself,
and I hope the Committee on Reconstruction
will come to the same conclusion, that there
should be some means by which men can have
their disabilities removed other than being car-
ried through hereby "omnibus" bills containing
a great many names of which we can know
nothing. I hope to be able within a day or two
to present to the House for reference to that
committee some such proposition; and when
that is done I desire to assure the gentleman
from New York, as well as the House and the
country, that my heart will be opened wide
enough, generous enough* large enough to take
in every man now loyal and true to the Union,
whatever may have been his past offenses. I
do not think we shall have reconstruction on
any other basis than loyalty to the Union and
repentance for past offenses, and I propose to
remove all disabilities from all men who come
within that definition. But that is not to the
present purpose. We will discuss that bill
when it comes up. I now move to non-concur
m the resolution from tho Senate, and on that
motion demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the Senate resolution was noil-
concurred in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution of
the Senate was non-concurred in ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Accounts :
Resolved, That for the purpose of examining the
papers filed with the Committee on Reconstruction
for the removal of political disabilities and docket-
ing the same, the cicrk of that oominittee may act
when Congress is not in session.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent. Sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee ou Accounts :
Rewlved, That tho Committee on Foreign Affairs
be allowed a clerk tor the Forty-First Congress,
when in session, at the same rate of compensation
paid to the clerk of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. 1NGEES0LL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Roads and Canals
be authorized to employ a clerk during the Forty-
First Congress.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous eonsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts :
Resolved, That the Committee on Indians Affairs
be, and are hereby, authorized to employ a ctei%
during the Forty-First Congress, at tho same rate of
compensation paid to tho clerks of other committees
of this House.
MKS. JULIA A. NUTT.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 40) for
the relief of Mrs. Julia A. Nutt, widow and
legal representative of the late Haller Nutt,
deceased, Mrs. Eliza, M. Dawson, and Miss
Ella M. Guy; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
JESSE AND MAILT ALICE DA.VIS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 245) for the relief of
Jesse and Mary Alice Davis, minors ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
BKLLE R. DAVIS.
Mr KERR, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 216} for the relief
of Belle R. Davis, widow of Captain John 5s.
