1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
and for the reasons. stated by the gentleman
from Maryland. [Mr. Swank,] that it would
endanger the lives of foot passengers and of
carriage passengers within this district, if the
bill shall pass in the shape in which it now
stands. In my judgment it should be care-
fully considered by a committee of this House.
It should receive that consideration which this
House cannot at this time give to it. The
committee should take testimony in regard to
it and examine everything pertaining to the
route which this bill proposes to establish for
this road within the District of Columbia. 1
hope that some committee, the Committee on
Roads and Canals, or the Committee for the
District of Columbia, or some other committee
will duly and carefully consider this bill before
it is acted upon by the House. I therefore
renew the motion to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at tnree o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
oAfn m i ftPpt? •
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of William
H. Pierson and 95 others, asking for speedy
adoption of protective tariff measures.
Also, the petition of J. H. Davis, M. D.,
and 45 others, on the same subject.
By Mr. DONLEY : A petition of numerous
citizens of the twenty-fourth district of Penn-
sylvania, asking that the Constitution of the
United States may bo amended so as to ac-
knowledge Almighty God as the source of all
authority and power in civil government, the
Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as of supreme
authority.
By Mr. D U VAL : The petition of Mrs. Sarah
A. Messenger, of Gilmer county, West Virginia,
praying for a pension for herself and children.
By Mr. HAWLEY : A petition of the
mayor, common council, and citizens of the
city of Warsaw, Illinois, praying that said city
be made a port of entry.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of Craw-
ford W. Hall, esq., late district attorney for the
eastern district of Tennessee, praying to be
allowed to retain his fees of office.
Also, the petition of William P. Lowery, of
Kingston, Tennessee, praying compensation
for services as mail carrier in the summer of
1861. "
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Mrs, Catharine Bender, of Blair
county, Pennsylvania, asking to be restored to
the pension-roll.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of John P.
Osterhout, of Texas, asking for the removal
of his disabilities, and for a restoration to him
of all the rights and privileges of a citizen.
By Mr. REEVES: Pour petitions of Captain
Wickham S. Havens, collector of the port of
Sag Harbor, and 372 others, citizens of the
towns of Suffolk county, Long Island, which
border upon Pequonnock bay, including 82
masters of vessels, praying for the erection of
a light-house on Long Beach bar, at the mouth
of said bay.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Lidrick
& Whitaker, praying for relief under Indian
contracts.
By Mr. PROSSER: A petition for the re-
moval of the political disabilities of the follow-
ing persons in the State of Tennessee, namely:
George Maney, Edward Baxter, John Frizzell,
J. K. Dodd, George W. Love, William S. Mun-
day, T. E. S. Pusworm, Thomas S. Ellis, and
W. J. Neely.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Ella M.
Guy, praying relief for supplies furnished the
Army under the command of General Grant
in the year 1862.
Also, the petition of Julia A. Nutt, praying
relief for property taken by the Army under
General Grant in the year 1863.
Also, the petition of Eliza M. Dawson, pray-
ing relief for supplies furnished the Army under
thecommandof General Grantintheyearl8C2.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of La
Fayette Ward in reference to "patent mail-
bag catchers."
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 21, 186'j.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday wao read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating papers in relation to
the claim of Bruquier and Goewey for sub-
sistence furnished for the protection of Fort
Union in I860 and 18G7 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I rise to a
privileged question, and send to the Secretary
the Washington Chronicle of yesterday, con-
taining an alleged account of proceedings and
debates in a caucus of Republican Senators
held on Monday last. I have marked the por-
tion relating to myself. ,
The Secretary read the following :
" Senator Grimes replied, and said hcecrtainly had
no desire to stay. He had attended some weeks since
a caucus called at the instance of Senator Conkling,
and found nothing bat wrangling over the same ques-
tion that brought tliem together to-day. Then it was
a call for a caucus,which Senator Conkling ostenta-
tiously announced ' was to settle finally and forever
the tenure-of-office law.'
"Mr. Conkling denied making any sueh statement,
and rpoke in favor of the proposition to suspend for
four years, and thought it would bo as satisfactory to
General Grant as it was to him. He did not under-
stand why there should be such a disposition among
certain Senators to reject, all compromise and modi-
fication and insist so obstinately on repeal. It had
been dinned in his ears that the State Legislature of
New York had instructed him to vote for repeal, but
he rejected the claim of any Legislature or of any
man to become the keeper of his honor and con-
science. He should vote as he thought proper, and
not as thejStateofNew York thought, or the Senator
from Indiana or any other man."
Mr. CONKLING. It has never been my
habit to ask attention to statements in news-
papers or elsewhere personal to myself. My
belief has always been that matters merely
personal are not usually entitled to be urged
upon public consideration, and that individual
injustice had better be endured than to be
thrust into public discussion. I would not now
for the first time in my life depart from the
rule long ago prescribed for myself and ask
attention to the statement read were it appli-
cable only to myself personally. It is, however,
of more significance than this. It charges me
as a Senator with using language disrespectful
of the State which honors me with a seat in
this Chamber. It charges me with an unwar-
ranted assumption, and with braving and defy-
ing the sentiment of the Legislature of New
York. Therefore I have called attention to
the matter that I may pronounce the whole
statement without the slightest foundation.
The entire passage in every essential part is
untrue, as I take you, Mr. President, to wit-
ness, and every other Senator present at the
conference in question. Any statement in a
public journal upon such a subject is some-
what remarkable. A caucus like the consulta-
tions of a court, a jury, or a committee is in
its nature such as is supposed to forbid all
those who take part in it, and therefore all who
know what is said there, from making it public.
It can hardly be supposed that any Senator has
even truly disclosed the debates held in the
caucus on Monday last, and therefore it is not
surprising that, relying upon guess-work, re-
porters should have fallen wholly into error.
It is not rematkable that the New York Times,
a journal usually so careful and reliable in its
news statements and very creditably repre-
sented at Washington, as it, too, undertook to
publish what it cannot be supposed to haye
known, should have fallen into misstatements
which must at least amuse those who know
how far from the truth is the account of the
caucus telegraphed to that, journal from here,
which may bo read in the issue of yesterday.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, as my name
is mentioned in the extract read by the Cleric
from the Chronicle, it is proper for me to say
that the statement, so far .as I am concerned,
is wholly untrue. I had no controversy and
no debate with the Senator from New York in
the conference or so called caucus to which
reference is made; and what remarks I did
make were entirely impersonal and referred to
no particular individual. As to the source
whence the information was derived, of course
I know nothing ; and in view of my experience
during the last year I have ceased to care much
about the statements that are published in
connection with my name in the public news-
papers.
PETITION,! AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mrs.
A. M. Gangewer and others, managers of the
industrial home schools, praying a donation of
surplus tools, &c., for the industrial school in
the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
H. O'Callaghati, of the county of Bee, in the
State of Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of James G.
Cleary, of Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
J. Smith, of Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which .was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
'Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of
Chandler Lewis, of Franklin parish, Louisi-
ana, praying to be relieved from political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petitions of Ezra B.
Towne, William R. Peck, and Hugh R. Lucas,
of Madison parish, Louisiana; of Nelson P.
Homer, of Franklin parish, Louisiana; ofT.
Rodolph Verbois, of Iberville parish, Louisi-
ana ; of William Dix, of the city of Natchez,
State of Mississippi, praying to be relieved
from their political disabilities; which were
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the proposal of George
W. Paschal, to sell to Congress a number of
copies of PaschaPs Annotated Constitution of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of A.
Liebschutz, late a member of the ninth Kan-
sas cavalry, praying to be allowed an increase
of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittea on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions be granted to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POOL presented a petition of citizens
of North Carolina, praying for the imposition
of protective duties upon imports ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
of Hemy S. Foote, of Tennessee, praying to
be relieved from his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities. ^
Mr. PATTERSON. I present a memorial,
accompanied by a bill, signed by II. D. Cooke
and others, praying the passage of a law gran-t-
ing the corporation of Georgetown the author-
ity to subscribe an amount, not to exceed
