1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
President of the Senate refused to approve of
his removal, and he has been here performing
such duties as he could find to perform under
the direction of the President of the Senate.
Now, all that he asks is to draw his pay. He
has received part pay, but not all.
Mr. TR.UA1BOLL. I should like to inquire
as to this fact: was he not appointed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms to another position, and not
by the President of the Senate ?
Mr. CIIAG1N. I never heard that he was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have so understood.
Mi-. CRAGIN. If that is true perhaps this
resolution ought to go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to be inquired
into.
Mr. CRAGIN. If there is any evidence
that that is the fact I shall not press the present
consideration of the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The case is just this:
the law of this body, the person having been
appointed, kept him one of the officers of this
body until the Presiding Officer should approve
of his removal. The Sergeant-at-Arms under-
took to remove him, and the letter of removal
was submitted to the President of the Senate,
who disapproved it upon the letter flatly and
emphatically. That left Mr. Phipps exactly
where he was before, the acting assistant door-
keeper of this body. The Sergeant-at-Arms
in the mean time, without the approval of the
President of the Senate, had put another per-
son in actual possession of the place, who was
an intruder, and who was not entitled to a cent
of pay in contemplation of law. Mr. Phipps
could not come and have a fight here at the
doorway, even backed by the Piesident of the
Senate, as to who should occupy his chair or
who should occupy a particular door; so he
stayed here, making continual claim. The
equity of the case was so strong, I suppose,
that the Sergeant at-Arms gave him employ-
ment about something else, Mr. Phipps never
giving up his right, but always insisting upon his
claim, and paid him whatever the Sergeaut-at-
Arins and Secretary had a mind to pay him.
He has been making continual claim ever
since, and the mere question is, aside from
justice and law to this man, whether we shall
acquiesce in the violation of our own orders,
or whether we shall enforce them and do to
this man the justice that the President of the
Senate, acting under the order of the body,
intended should be done. That is the fact
about it. Mr. Phipps never consented to give
up this office and take another, but it is true
that the Sergeant-at-Arms would not permit
liim to exercise the duties that the Senate by
its order required him to execute, but put him
about something else and made him do other
duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did he not appoint him
to some other place?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. He proposed
to appoint him to some other place, and did,
bo far as the fact goes, employ him about other
duties, and would not permit him to do the
duties which the Senate by its order and the
President of the Senate by his action insisted
on his doing. What we propose is to take out
from the sum of money he is entitled to all
that be has actually received for the other ser-
vice he performed. It is entirely right and
just to this man, and I think it is due to the
self-respect of the Senate besides.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution making an appropriation of money must
be considered in the same form as a bill. It
is therefore before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better be
inquired into whether this officer was not
appointed to another place.
Mr. RAMSEY. The pay account will show
that. If he has received pay for other service
that will be deducted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if an officer here has
been out, and has acquiesced for two or three
years in being out, and is going to lie around
in this way and then get pay for the whole
time, it is a very strange proceeding to me.
Mr. GRIMES. He has not acquiesced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has acquiesced so
far as this, he has been performing other duties.
It is rather a late day after the lapse of two
years to come in and claim pay.
Mr. GRIMES. There has not been a month
during the whole time that this gentleman has
not been to members of the Senate insisting
that justice should be done to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has never been brought
to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been brought to my
notice and to the notice of Senators all around
here, but we were perfectly powerless to do
anything. I was not a member of the commit-
tee. It is true that after he was turned out and
while he was here, through some instrument-
ality, 1 do not know what, he was performing
duty as doorkeeper for a time at one of the
doors of the Senate gallery, for which he has
received, as I understand, some compensation.
The Committee on Contingent Expenses pro-
pose, from the amount that is justly due him,
as.I think, under his original appointment, to
deduct the amount that he has received for
performing these other duties in the meantime.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not exactly the
point which I make. My point is that here was
a person who, more than two years ago, if I
remember the date, occupied a particular posi-
tion, for which he was entitled to a certain pay,
was removed or attempted to be removed, at
any rate was displaced, and another person
was put in his position, and has received the
compensation which belongs to the officer dis-
charging the duties of that place. In the mean
time this Mr. Phipps occupies the position of
doorkeeper, as it seems now, at one of the
doors, the compensation for which is some-
thing less, I infer, though I do not know what
it is, than he would have obtained if he had
been performing other duties. He accepts
that position, remains here a couple of years ;
and now after two years he comes in here and
claims that he has been an officer of the Sen-
ate all the time in a particular position, and
asks to have the difference between the pay
that he received in some other place for duties
discharged somewhere else ana that which he
would have got for performing the duties of
this office. It seems to me an inquiry had
better be made to know whether he did not
accept another office, which, of course, would
be inconsistent with this. If he accepted a
position of doorkeeper and accepted pay as
such, that is inconsistent with his holding the
position of assistant sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
saying ''if he accepted?'1
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean if he accepted
another place and discharged its duties and
took its pay. Tluit is acceptance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He went there instead
of lying around idle.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am informed that this man
Phipps has not received pay for more than a
year past for any service whatever. Our posi-
tion is that he was not removed from his office,
and he has been here ready to perform the
duties and has performed duties. If there is
any objection to the _ resolution being con-
sidered now I am willing  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Push it right along.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I hope it will be dis-
posed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 knew something of
this matter at the time, and the way I look at
it is simply this : this man was removed, or
attempted to be removed, by the Sergeant-at-
Arms ; the removal was disapproved ; after
that he remained assistant doorkeeper, and was
assistant doorkeeper ; but the Sergeant-at-
Arms refused to allow him to perform those
duties, having put another man in his place,
which lie had no right to do, in my judgment,
because the order which lias been read stands
upon the records of the Senate. Then this
Mr. Phipps, finding that he could not be per-
mitted to discharge the duties of that position,
discharged such duties as the Sergeant-at-
Arms would permit him to do, and that was
as doorkeeper at some period, because he
could not be permitted to discharge the duties
of the office which he held. Now, then, to
say that because instead of lounging about the
Senate Chamber and refusing to do anything
until he was permitted to discharge his proper
duties he did all that his bauds could find to
do, and was paid for it in pait, therefore ho
shall not be paid for his proper office, is, in
my judgment, very unjust to him. I think we
owe it to our own self-respect, as having made
that order, to pay the man, and if the other
man has been paid that is our fault, and not
to refuse him the pay that properly belongs to
him as our officer.
Mr. THAYER. Is the Senate ready to vote
on this question ?
Several Senators. Yes ; let us vote.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
MESSAGE BR01I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 62)
to incorporate the National Junction Railway
Company, with amendments, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
TENURE-OF-OFFICE LAW.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was recommitted the bill
(II. R. No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices, have had it under
consideration, and have directed me to report
it back with an amendment, which I send to the
Chair. This subject hasbeen under considera-
tion for some time, and I should be glad to
proceed with its consideration now.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be printed, so that we
may see it.
Sir. TRUMBULL. It is printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the bill reported by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The tenure-of-office bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The hill is befoie the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
■was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That the first and second sections of an act entitled
"An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,'
passed Alarch 2, 1S67, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed, and in lieu of said repealed sections the
following are hereby unacted: _
That every person holding any civil office towhien
tie has been or hereafter may be appointed, by and
ivith the advice anil content of the Senate, and vvlm
shall have become duly qualified to acttherom, shall
be entitled to hold sueh office during the teim tor
which he shall have been appointed, unless sooner
removed by and with the advice and consent ot the
Senate, or by the appointment, with the like advice
and consent, of a successor in his place, except as
herein otherwise provided. .
And be it further cnactcd, That during any rcccss
of the Senate the President is hereby empowered, in
his discretion, to suspend any civil omcer appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the ben at e,
except judges of the United States courts until the
end of the next session of the Senate, and to desig-
nate some suitable person,subject to be reinoveu, in
his discretion, by the designation of another to per-
form the duties of sueh suspended officer m, the moan
time; and such person so designated shall take the
oaths and give thebonds required bvlaw to be taken
and given ;>y the suspended officer; andshall, uuring
the time heperforms his duties, bo entitled to thosal-
ary and emoluments of such office, no part of'which
shrtll belong to the officer suspended; and it shall be
the duty of the President, within thirty days after tbo
commencement of each session of the Senate, (except
for any office which, in his opinion, ought nut to be
filled.) to nominate persons to fill all vacancies in omce
•which existed at the mcetmgof the fcenate, whether
temporarily filled or not, and also m Uie plnce ot ail
officers suspended; and ii the beriate durin  such
A ,1 f L _ n nJ /lAtl C? T~1 f*. f fl.l i .1 tl ~
then, and not otherwise, such officer at the end ot the
se* "in shall be entitled to resume the pos.^io > of
the office frum which he was suspended, and aiU-i-
trard to discharge its duties and reeeivc its emolu-
ments as though nosuch suspension had taken piace.
