284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Tlte PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment.
Mr. NORTON. Is this the report of the
committee ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is an
amendment reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. NORTON. Does an objection cafry it
over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late for an objection to carry it over. The
Senate, by unanimous consent, have taken up
the bill for consideration, and the question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have a little
explanation of this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to move that
the amendment jast reported be printed for the
information of the Senate? Hearing it read
affords ns no opportunity to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would
be in order to move that the amendment be
printed ; but the consideration of the bill would
still go on unless it was put over by a vote of
the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that this amend-
ment and the bill as it now stands be laid oil
the table and printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill is still open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting the bill that passed the
House of Representatives as it was originally
presented.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit whether that
is in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has just
struck out the bill as it passed the House of
Representatives and substituted the report of
the committee, and now it certainly cannot be
in order to reverse it. It would be voting right
over again the same thing.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the action
of the Senate in Committee of the Whole may
be reversed in the Senate. That is my under-
standing of the order of business.
_ The PRESIDENT The ques-
tion now before the Senate is upon concurring
in the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole. Before the question is taken, the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary and adopted by the Senate, acting
as in .Committee of the Whole, is open to amend-
ment. It would not be in order, however, to
propose to insert that which the amendment
already made has stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair speaks so low that
I have not been able to hear one word that he
said.
_ Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now before the Senate is upon concurring
in the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, and that amendment is open to
amendment. It would not be in order, how-
ever, to make the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kentucky, for the Senate have
already rejected that.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Chair please, the Sen-
ate have not acted upon the subject at all
except as a Committee of the Whole, as I un-
derstand. I understand that one of the objects
and reasons for going into Committee of the
Whole is that after the Committee of the Whole
has taken action upon any subject whatever,
and action in any form, when its action is re-
ported to the Senate it is then subject to the
revision and change of the Senate. Now, I
understand that the amendment offered by the
Juetieiary Committee has been adopted in lieu
of the original bill by the Senate in Committee
of the Whole. Now, I merely propose that
the Senate itself, as a Senate, shall revise and
reform and correct that action of the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if the Senator will
allow me, will he not do that by refusing to
concur in the report of the Committee of the
Whole ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee of the
Whole reports to strike out the House bill.
That is the question. Vote down the report of
the committee, and then the House bill stands.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to take my own course
in relation to that subject, and not the course
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator's own
course is not in order. That is the trouble.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is, and I submit the
Senator from Illinois is not competent author-
ity to decide that question.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair is.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair is; but the Chair
is not to be prompted by the Senator from
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I only reminded him that the Chair had
so decided.
Mr. DAVIS. I know what the Chair has
decided.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I was not prompting the
Chair, but simply reminding the Senator of
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I am to be prompted not by
the Senator from New York, but by the Chair.
I merely wish to present my question to the
Chair and to know whether I am in order or
not. _ If l am not in order, of course I shall
acquiesce in the decision of the Chair. What
I understand is this: that the Senate as a
Senate may revise and correct and modify the
decisions of the Senate sitting in Committee
of the Whole. Now, sir, I want to propose as
an amendment to the amendment adopted by
the Senate in Committee of the Whole—and I
offer the proposition to the Senate—the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives. I
maintain that I have the right in the Senate,
after the Committeeof the Whole have adopted
the amendment presented by the Judiciary
Committee, to move to strike out all except
the enacting words of the amendment agreed
to by the Senate in Committee of the Whole
and to move as an amendment to their amend-
ment the simple proposition that came from
the House; and I maintain that that is ia strict
parliamentary order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The object
which the Senator from Kentucky desires is
perfectly attainable and entirely proper, but
the mode in which he proposes to proceed is
not m order. The House bill is now under
consideration, an amendment to the House
bill has been made in Committee of the Whole,
and the question is, will the Senate concurwith
that amendment. By voting against the con-
currence the Senator accomplishes the same
object whjch he attempts to reach by putting
on the original bill as an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, with due dsference
to the Chair, that my mode of reaching it is
legitimate, and is entirely in conformity to the
rules of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is liable to be mistaken; but he has a very
decided opinion on that point.
Mr. DAVIS. I want action to be taken
directly and distinctly and precisely upon the
House bill, and I propose to offer the House
bill as an amendment to the amendment of
the Senate that was agreed to in Committee
of the Whole, retaining so much of that amend-
ment as will enable me to attach the amend-
ment to the amendment to it. It seems to me
that that form of proceeding is sanctioned by
the rules of the Senate, by parliamentary law,
and by the usage and practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair?
Mr. DAVIS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, although I know it is casting straws
against a hurricane.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to allow me to make a motion that
this bill be laid npon the table and printed;
and I would say to Senators that it does not
seem to me quite fair to press the measure on
the Senate without its being printed when we
consider the peculiar circumstances under
which it has been considered. We know that
there are Senators on this side of the Cham-
ber who have not had the same knowledge, the
same opportunity of knowing what this amend-
ment is that other Senators have had. They
have asked that the bill be printed in order
that they may know what they are passing upon.
I think they are fairly entitled to that, and I
move, therefore, that the bill lie on the table
and be ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator with-
draw that motion until I make a suggestion ?
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that the Sen-
ators to whom the Senator from Alabama al-
ludes are opposed entirely to the principle of
the bill. They do not place their opposition
at all upon details. They are opposed to the
tenure-of-office act entirely, and the details are
unimportant matters to them. I certainly do
not wish to do anything discourteous to any
members of the Senate, but the Senator from
Alabama is well aware that we have discussed
this measure for a long time, and the discus-
sion, so far as the members of the Senate to
whom he alludes is concerned, goes upon prin-
ciple. There is no form of the tenure-of-office
act that they would agree to at ail. They go
for its total repeal, upon the ground that the
President has the power of removal under the
Constitution, and that we are not to regulate it
by statute; so that I do not suppose those Sen-
ators have any desire, specially, in regard to
the details of the bill, and the bill is well under-
stood in the Senate, and I see no occasion to
put it over until to-morrow. I am not, how-
ever, strenuous on that point. I am certainly
willing to acquiesce in any view which the Sen-
ate may think it best to take. My judgment
about it is that we may just as well proceed
with it now. It has been on hand, as we all
know, for a length of time, and it is very desir-
able that whatever is done on the subject should
be done at once. It ought really to have been
done a week ago. I suggest to the Senator
from Alabama whether it is not better to pro-
ceed with the bill now, unless he himself
desires, for personal reasons, that it should go
over?
Mr. WARNER. I will say that I under-
stand the matter myself, and am prepared to
vote on^ it; but I would remind the Senator
from Illinois that Senators upon this side of the
Chamber who have not had the same opportu-
nity that others have had to know what the
amendment is, have asked the Senate to extend
to them the usual courtesy and follow the usual
rule of having the measure printed and laid
before them. It is an ordinary and universal
rule of the Senate, that any important measure
shall first be printed and laid on the tables of
members before they are called upon to vote on
it; and I hope that, considering the circum-
stances under which this bill has originated in
its present form and been brought into the Sen-
ate, that rule will not be departed from, espe-
cially in view of the fact that Senators on this
side of the Chamber ask that it may be printed
that they may know what they are voting upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the appeal of the Senator
from Kentucky from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GRIMES. But a motion to lay the bill
on the table is in order and carries the appeal
with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to withdraw his appeal
temporarily to enable the Senator from Ala-
bama to make the motion to lie on the table.
Mr. WARNER. 1 so understood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
