1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
did not so understand. Does the Senator from
Kentucky press his appeal from the decision
of the Chair?
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
from Kentucky that I understood him to with-
draw that to allow me to make the motion to
have the bill printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I do that at the request of
the Senator from Alabama.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the bill be. printed and laid on the table.
Mr. WARNER. It may not be necessary
to lay it on the table. I withdraw that part
of the motion, and move simply that the bill
be printed with the amendment.
The.PItE3 I DENT proiempore. The motion
to print the bill does not dispose of it.
Mr. WARNER. I move, then, that the bill
be printed and laid on the table.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Corbett,
Davis, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Howe, MeCreery,
McDonald, Norton, Boss,Sherman, Spraguo, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Vickers, Warner, Willey,
and Wilson—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Browiilow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
Morrill, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice,
Sawyer, Schuiz, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Tipton,
Trumbull, Williams, and Yates—34.
AliSBNT—Messrs. Drake, Gilbert, Morton, Nye,
Pomeroy,Pool,Robertson, Saulsbury, and Thayer—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to make
an inquiry as to a point of order. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary is now in the Senate, after having been
adopted in Committee of the Whole. My in-
quiry is this: is or is not that amendment now
in the Senate precisely open to the same amend-
ment to it that might have been offered in Com-
mittee of the Whole ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. In Committee of the Whole,
before that amendment was adopted, could I
not move to retain so much of the amendment
as the word '' that," and for the residue of the
amendment to substitute the bill that was
passed by the House of Representatives ?
ThePRESIDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment adopted by the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, is to the original bill. The Sen-
ator proposes to amend the amendment by sub-
stituting the original bill, which is merely put-
ting the question in another form and not in
the orderly form. By voting against the amend-
ment the Senator accomplishes the same object
that he would by voting in favor of substituting
the original bill for the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the Chair as
holding that the amendment now in the Senate
is open to the same amendment to be offered
to it, and in the same order, that it was in Com-
mittee of the Whole before its adoption?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. D A V IS. If the Senate was now in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that amendment had
not been adopted by the Committee of the
Whole, would it not be perfectly in order for
me to move as an amendment to that amend-
ment the bill as it came from the House to be
added after the word "that?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To strike
out and insert is one proposition, and cannot
be divided. The original bill and the amend-
ment proposed by the committee are each open
to amendment, with a view to being perfected
before the vote is taken upon concurring in
the amendment as made in Committee of the
Whole, which is to strike out the whole of the
bill and insert the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment may be
amended, may be perfected by amendment to
it, in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Theam-end-
ment may be amended; but the amendment
cannot be amended by substituting for it the
portion which is proposed to be stricken out.
It is merely putting the question in another
form and not in an orderly form.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair?
Mr. DAVIS. Either my mind is so con-
fused and so dark upon the subject, or the
decision of the Chair is so much of that char-
acter itself, that I will not appeal. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I do not rise
to debate this proposition, but simply to state
the reasons that will control my mind in voting
against it; and I am as well prepared to do so
now as I shall be after the bill shall have been
printed and laid upon oul- tables one day or
ten days hence ; and therefore I feel no par-
ticular interest in any questions of order that
may be raised upon it.
The bill in its present shape is no whit less
objectionable than the bill that was reported
to the Senate at the last session from the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment and Reform. It is
substantially the same bill expressed in differ-
ent phraseology. In the first place, it repeals
the first section of the tenure-of-office act,
thereby giving control of the* selection and
expulsion of the members of the Cabinet to
the President at will, as was the case from the
foundation of the Government until the time
we passed the tenure-of-office bill.
In the next place, it changes the second sec-
tion so as to give the President of the United
States the power to suspend an officer when he
finds that he is incompetent or is a knave, but
if the Senate at their next succeeding session
shall vote that they do not approve of that
suspension, or if they shall vote not to approve
a noiniuee who may be sent to them by the
President as the successor, then they are to
change places; the old appointee is to be re-
stored to office and the man who haia been
placed in the office by the President of the
United States because he is the most compe-
tent or the most honest is to be turned adrift.
That is the result of it.
The last clause of the second seclion reads:
And if the Senate during sueh session shall refuse
to advise and consent to an appointment in the place
of any suspended officer, and shall also lefuso by
rote to assent, to the suspension, then, and notother-
wise, such officer at the end of the session shall be
entitled to resume the possession of the office from
which hewas suspended, and afterward to discharge
its duties and receive its emoluments as though no
sueh suspension had taken place.
Entertaining the opinion which I do, and
which I have always entertained, that this Gov-
ernment can properly be administered only by
the enforcementof a speedy and strict account-
ability of all the officers to the Executive Chief
of the Government, whose duty it is to see that
the laws are administered, and knowing that
his appointees are selected and recommended
to the President by this body in a great degree,
and when not by us. by the Representatives
of the people of the States of which we ai e the
representatives here, I am satisfied that the
passage of this measure will simply have a
tendency to perpetuate and continue the con-
flicts between the executive and the legislative
departments of the Government which have
existed during the last four years ; and not be-
ing desirous to have any hand in perpetuating
sueh troubles and conflicts to the injury of the
public service I cannot consent to this amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out all of
the amendment after the word '' that" and to !
insert the following words:
An act passed the 2d of March, 1867, entitled "An
act regulating the tenureot civil offices," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment is not in order. It is merely substituting
the part of the bill proposed to be amended.
It is precisely the same as though there should
be in an appropriation bill an item of 810,000
and it should be moved to amend it by substi-
tuting $5,000, and then the Senator from Ken-
tucky should move to strike out $5,000 and
put in $10,000. The whole object of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is accomplished by voting
against this amendment; but the mode which
he proposes is not in order, in the judgment of
the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. With the profoundest respect
personally for the Chair I dissent from his
decision, but will not take an appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee ofthe Whole. •
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I had hoped
the chairman of the committee would make
some explanation in regard to the practical
difference between this measure and the pres-
ent tenure-of-office law. 1 will state what I
understand to be the difference and my position
in regard to it. I do not propose, however, to
discuss it.
The first section repeals the first and second
sections of the present law, and those are the
objectionable sections. The next section author-
izes the President during the recess of the Sen-
ate to suspend any officer whose appointment
has been made by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and to appoint another
person to take his place who shall be duly
qualified according to law, and the person thus
appointed to take the place is to hold until the
end of the next session of the Senate, unless
before that time some person is appointed by
the President and is confirmed by the Senate.
The main difference between this amend-
ment and the old law is that it relieves the
President entirely from the necessity of send-
ing his reasons to the Senate for a suspension ;
it provides that the suspension may be made in
his discretion; and in the next place it relieves
the Senate from any duty to consider the sus-
pensions. The present law requires the Senate
to pass upon all suspensions, either to concur
or non concur. The amendment relieves the
Senate from any duty in passing upon suspen-
sions, but the Senate may pass on the suspen-
sion in its discretion, and if, upon a vote, it
shall refuse to concur in any suspension, the
effect of that is that at the end of that session
the former incumbentwill take hisplace again,
will go back to his office. Then, of course,
the President may instantly suspend him again,
so that, in point of substance, it is within the
power of the President to say that the Jaw
amounts to nothing. But if the Senate takes
no action s\.t all upon the suspension, and if no
person is confirmed for the office during that
session, at the end of the session the office is
declared to be vacant, and the President may
fill it in the ordinary way under the Constitu-
tion. I believe I state the effect of the propo-
sition correctly, that if the Senate shall take
affirmative action and refuse to concur in the
suspension then the person who has been tem-
porarily appointed will hold to the end of that
session, but at the end of that session the old
incumbent will go back into his office unless
the President shall instantly suspend him again.
If the Senate takeno action on the suspension
one way or the other—of course they are not
required to act—and fail to confirm anybody
in the mean time, then at the end of the ses-
sion the office is declared to be vacant, and the
President may fill it inthe ordinary way.
This amendment relieves the law of ail its
practical difficulties, that is to say it does not
require the President to give reasons ; he may
suspend for any reason or for no reason at all.
It relieves the Senate from the duty of con-
sidering suspensions, which I have before ar-
gued was a duty that was incapable of being
performed. But it does reserve to the Senate
the power of vetoing a removal by the Presi-
dent. That is the substance of the power re-
served, that the Senate by affirmative action
non-concurring in a suspension may thus veto
a removal by the President, and at the end of
the session the officer temporarily appointed
goes out and the incumbent comes back; but
this veto practically will amount to nothing,
because the President may instantly suspend
him again, and so it goes on. It preserves the
shadow rather than 1he substance. It is an im-
perfect shadow of a substance that has already
fled ; a bad photograph of a dead body. But,
sir. while I shall not oppose it and make no
