286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
argument against it, I will simply say that per-
sonally I cannot vote for it, because by reserv-
ing the veto power of the Senate, the power to
veto a removal in the way I have described, it
does violate the theory I hold on this subject.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have not
heretofore said anything on the question of the
repeal of the law "regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," because I saw 110 imme-
diate prospect of reaching a vote on the merits
of the question. As it now seems probable
that a vote may be soon reached, I desire to
occupy the time of the Senate for a few minutes
in stating the reasons that will control my
action in the premises.
The repeal of the law has been demanded
by some on the ground of its alleged unconsti-
tutionality. But it is manifest that a large
majority of both branches of Congress believe
the law to be in perfect harmony with the Con-
stitution.
All objections to the principles of this law
which have been presented during this pro
tracted debate may be reduced to two very
simple propositions. . They may be stated, and
in fact have been frequently stated, about in
this form:
First. Fidelity and efficiency in the civil
service requires that the President should be
clothed with the power to remove all civil offi-
cers at discretion.
Second. The law regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices seriously restrains the Pres-
ident in the exercise of this necessary power.
Now, sir, if the first proposition be true, it
S susceptible of proof and needs to be proved.
It is riot a self-evident proposition, such as in
the exact sciences is usually denominated "an
axiom," which needs but to be stated to secure
the assent of all reflecting minds; nor is it so
sell-evident as some propositions in ethics that
the mere statement will show to any reflecting
mind the absurdity of the reverse. That I am
right in this is demonstrated by the lengthy
debate which has occurred in this Chamber on
the subject, in which the most profound thinkers
of this body have occupied opposite grounds.
If it be true it is not only susceptible of proof
with reasonable certainty, but its truth has
piobably been long since demonstrated by
former and existing Governments similar in
torm and spirit to that of the United States.
Happily, the truth of this proposition and the
wisdom or folly of attempting to regulate the
tenure of civil offices by law have been put to
the test of experience by the several States of
the Union. The form of government in each
of these States furnished the model for the
Government of the United States. Bach was
a representative republic; each of these, like
the Government of the United States, was
divided into three distinct departments—legis-
lative, executive, and judicial. Perhaps we
may derive useful and pertinent knowledge
from an examination of the policy which they
have adopted on the subject of the regulation
of the tenure of civil offices under their con-
stitutions and laws, and may derive wisdom
from the result of their experience, some of
them having existed for nearly a century.
In thisinquiry my mind would naturally recnr
to the experience of my own State. It has
existed for little more than one fifth of a cen-
tury. The framework of the government of
the State of Iowa is substantially the same as
the framework of the Government of the Uni-
ted States. It is composed of three depart-
ments—an executive department, a legislative
department, and a judicial department. It has
substantially the same machinery for the col-
lection and disbursement of revenue, for the
preservation of the public jjeace, for the gen-
eral defense, and for the interpretation and
the enforcement of the laws, that I find exist-
ing under the Constitution of the United States.
At no time in Iowa has the tenure of civil
office been subject to the will of the chief Ex-
ecutive of the Siate. The tenure of civil office
in that State has, during the whole period of
its existence—about twenty-two years—been j
regulated by the statutes and by the constitu- '
tion of the State ; and no one at any time dur-
ing that somewhat long period has been bold
enough in that State to propose such a change
as would enable the Governor to remove at
discretion the civil officers—State, county, dis-
trict, or municipal. If it be true in fact that
honesty, fidelity, and vigor in the enforcement
of the civil laws cannot be secured unless the
Executive does possess the right at his discre-
tion to remove all the civil officers of the
national Government, pray tell me why it is
not true in the individual States of the Union?
The experience of over twenty years in the
State of Iowa has not suggested to a single one
of the one hundred and ninety-four thousand
voters in that State that a change in this re-
spect is necessary. There the civil officers of
the State and of the counties, townships, dis-
tricts, towns, and cities are not dependent on
the Governor for a continuance in their offices.
They are as independent of the Governor in
this respect as the Governor is of them. He
and they are alike responsible to the laws and
to the people for the manner in which they
perform their duty. They are elected or ap-
pointed for a term of years and are removable
under the law only for cause.
What is true of the State that I have the
honor in part to represent 011 this floor is true
of every State of this Union with the exception,
I believe, of Florida and Arkansas since their
reconstruction. At the beginning of the war
what I allege of my own State was true of every
State in the Union. The tenure of civil offices
in all the States has been regulated by law. I
am reminded by my honorable friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] that the Senate came
near excluding Florida under her reconstructed
constitution for the reason that there the civil
officers were subject to removal at the discre-
tion of the Governor of that State.
We have the experience and practice of
thirty-seven States of the Union for periods
varying from a few years in the new States to
nearly a century in the old States. At the be-
ginning in the old States the Executives may
have been, I think in some of them they were,
clothed with considerable power over executive
officers. But in these States the power of the
Governors in this respect has been gradually
diminished; so that now in the old States as
well as in the new States all or nearly all of
the officers holding under State laws are re-
movable only for malfeasance or misfeasance
in office. This is the result of experience in
the individual States of the Union on this sub-
ject. This .is the common judgment of the
people of the individual States as declared in
their statutes and State constitutibns; and I
have not heard of any one anywhere who pro-
poses a change of the laws of his own State on
this subject. The experiment seems to have
proved satisfactory.
But within the limits of each of these States
officers of the national Government have been,
under the practice that has obtained, subject
to removal at any time at the discretion of the
national Executive. This furnishes an oppor-
; (unity for comparing the effect of the two sys-
; tems on the fidelity of these two classes of
i officers. _ They are selected from the same
| communities : they reside side by side. Which
\ class is more reliable, more trustworthy—offi-
! cers under the State laws, who are not remov-
! able by the Executive, or officers under the
! United States laws, removable at the pleasure
of the President? While I do not disparage
the efficiency, the honesty, and fidelity of the
Federal officers in the State of Iowa, I must
be permitted to declare that, in my opinion,
the State and county officers, serving under a
tenure fixed by law and removable only for
cause, are quite as trustworthy, quite as reli-
able as the officers of the national Govern-
ment, whose tenure of office has heretofore
been more precarious.
But, Mr. President, we are not without expe-
rience and means of comparison of the effects
of the two theories under the national Govern-
ment. The tenure of a large class of officers
under the national Government is regulated
by law. The. judicial officers of the national
Government hold under the Constitution dur-
ing good behavior; the officers of the Army
and of the Navy are subject to removal only
in pursuance of a finding of a court-martial.
They therefore virtually hold their offices dur-
Inggood behavior. I may also include in this
list the members of this body and of the other
branch of Congress, whose tenure is regulated
by the Constitution, each of whom hold for a
term of years, no one being removable except
for cause. Now, I challenge a comparison of
the relative fidelity of this large class of offi-
cers, military and naval, judicial and legisla-
tive, with the fidelity of those whose tenure
has heretofore been subject to the will of the
President.
Will any one allege that the judicial officers
of this Government who hold for life, and are
only removable for cause, are less trustworthy
than those who heretofore have been remov-
able at the will of the Chief Executive ? I
apprehend not. Will any one on his responsi-
bility as a Senator allege that the officers of the
Army and of the Navy are less trustworthy,
are less efficient, are less honest, are less reli-
able, being removable from office only for cause,
than are Indian agents, land officers, land sur-
veyors, post officers, revenue assessors and
collectors, who heretofore have been remov-
able at the will of the Chief Magistrate ? Why,
sir, we have been urged here in this Chamber
by able and experienced Senators to transfer
some of the more difficult branches of the civil
service from the Departments now having con-
trol to the War Department, on the ground that
the officers of the Army, holding their offices
by a less precarious tenure, are more reliable,
more trustworthy, more likely to be faithful in
the execution of trusts involving unusual trials
of official virtue. And when the reason for
this suggested transfer is demanded it is uni-
formly alleged as a sufficient answer that they,
being removable only for cause, are disgraced
by a removal; that in their case a removal in-
volves a loss of reputation; that they have
more to lose, and are therefore less likely to
run the hazard of such a fearful penalty than
officers who may be removed without the assign-
ment of reasons.
If this is the result of the judgment of the
people of the States that we represent on this
floor, and is the judgment of this body, when
we compare the relative fidelity and trustworth-
iness of officers of the national Government
whose tenure of office is regulated by law, and
the fidelity of those whose tenure is not so
regulated, it seems to me that it is assuming
more than I am willing to concede when it is
averred that fidelity cannot be secured only by
placing the tenure of all the remaining civil
offices in the hand of the Chief Executive.
Directly the opposite conclusion seems to me
to be irresistibly established by experience of
the several States and of the national Govern-
ment in the branches of the public service
where the tenure of office is fixed by law.
Mr. President, I have sometimes thought
that there was some danger of the judgment
of Senators being swerved by the influence of
personal friends of Senators and members who
desire appointments to offices not now vacant;
that this strong appeal made to the Senate for
the repeal of the existing law may have been
stimulated to some extent by the personal in-
terest of multitudes of gentlemen now tempo-
rarily residing in the capital. It may not be
out of place for me to intimate that the framers
of the Constitution intended that this body at
least should be lifted above the influence of
public clamor. I have sometimes thought that
there was a possibility of the judgment of Sen-
ators being to some extent shaken by what is
understood outside of official information to
be the judgment of an illustrious officer now
at the head of another branch of the national
Government. I heartily join in the common
judgment that that officer deserves the uni-
versal gratitude of the nation which he has
received. He doubtless richly merits the con-
fidence that has been reposed in him; but it
