238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
our practice forever, that '• to the victors be-
long the spoils," that every political contest is
for the salaries and perquisites of the public
officers, and not for the purpose of promoting
the public welfare by securing the highest at-
tainable decree of talent and fidelity in the new
incumbents of office. Sir, if we could regu-
late the tenure of civil offices so that no one
should be removed except for cause during the
official term fixed by the statute creating the
several offices, and thus induce the people and
the grand juries to keep a keen watch over the
official conduct of their public servants under
the national Government, and make it their
duty to disgrace the unworthy by an ignomin-
ious removal, in my opinion you would probably
more surely promote the public welfare and
stimulate official fidelity than by relaxing the
rule. I am therefore compelled to conclude
that this law ought not to be repealed, although
I shall cheerfully vote for the modification of
its provisions as proposed by the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say anything on this subject; but
as I voted for this law "on its passage over the
veto I deem it proper that I should give my
reasons for voting as I shall on the present
occasion. The law, as it passed the House, did
not receive my vote on its final passage for a
very good reason ; but when it came upon its
passage over the veto it did receive my vote.
I wish to state that the doctrine asserted here
this morning by one of the Senators, that "to
the victors belong the spoils,'" is not the doc-
trine of any Tennesseean, and has never been
maintained by any one there. I have always
understood that that was the doctrine main-
tained by a distinguished citizen of New York,
and it has been practiced upon pretty gen-
erally, I admit, to the general disgust of the
country, since that time, if it was not before.
In my own State the Executive has but little
power of appointment, and very little power of
removal. Almost all the executive officers are
regulated by law, and are elected by the Legis-
lature or by the people. The consequence is
that they are not under the control of the
Executive in any manner whatever. It is so
in most of the States also where they are elected
by the people or by the Legislatures and not
appointed by the Governor, and as such not
subject to him but subject to the laws that pro-
vide for their regulation in all their details.
If I understand what is called the civil ten-
ure-of-officelawit does not regulate the tenure
of offices at all. It provides remedies only for
putting checks upon the power of the Execu-
tive in regard to removal. It does not make
any provision for the regulation of the offices
in detail, but only for fixing the limit of their
duration, so that there is a very important dif-
lerence between the custom that obtains in the
States and that which obtains in the national
Government.
Besides, there is another distinction. Most
of the constitutions of th6 different State gov-
ernments provide that the offices shall be regu-
lated by law, and the laws are made immedi-
ately, whereas the Constitution of the United
States makes a very different provision, making
them all apart of the executive department.
As I think we have traveled and are travel-
ing to some extent very far from the doctrines
laid down by the founders of the American
Republic, I propose to review to some extent
the doctrines maintained by those who framed
this law as compared with the doctrines of those
who framed the Constitution of the United
States.
The founders of the Government compre-
hended fully the magnitude of the problem
before them. They came to their work pre-
pared for its accomplishment; not filled with
vain pretensions to capacity for the labor, but
impressed with the solemn earnestness of their
mission. They reposed upon their honest pur-
pose and manly independence. They were
endowed with an uncommon reverence for the
people fop whom they were acting. They looked
forward to ft# future glory and greatness of
the nation they were about ushering into being
and prepared their institutions for the advan-
cing ages. The monument of wisdom they have
left us has been illuminated by the eloquence
of the arguments they employed in its con-
struction, not less than by the wonderful
capacity it has proved for all the wants and
interests both of peace and war of a great and
all-expanding nation. If we could return to
the point from which we unhappily started in
1860, and resume our progress under the Con-
stitution as it then was untouched from the
hands of our fathers, it would be found en-
dowed with all the life and power it has attained
under the self-adulating race of the modern
constitutional architects. If reason had been
left to fight the battles of freedom she would
have long since been firmly seated in the hearts
of all. if the harsh notes of the tyrant had
not been heard startling the nation and lashing
the affrighted souls of the darkened into fury
religion and her ministers would havo smoothed
the pathway of the whole nation to the "secure
haven of a tranquil peace." Liberty would
have been enthroned upon faith, hope, and
charity, instead of cannon and musketry and
sighs and groans and human bones.
The progress of society has been accom-
plished after all by the silent, ever-acting,
peaceful, but all-conquering power of thought.
Through its divine agency, acting constantly
upon the minds of men, the barbarian puts
off his shaggy garb and comes forth clothed in
the robes of love and light. The forest gives
way to homes of happiness, productive fields,
and blooming gardens. The white wings of
commerce cover the ocean and make neigh-
bors of nations separated by thousands of miles
of water. The languages of buried ages are
preserved and made to live again in other
minds. Thus the triumphs of mind cannot
perish from the universe of mind, but survive
all the shocks and devastations of nations and
reappear in coming ages. It is thus that the
individual multiplies himself, and becomes not
only one but many men,.and seems to partake
of the universal or divine. It is intelligence
and religion that multiplies and preserves. It
is passion, lust of power and its instrumental-
ity, the sword, that sets the nation's veins a
bleeding and desolates the i'airest and most
beautiful labors of peace.
In the earlier and happier days of the Re-
public—for it cannot be denied that the early
history of the Republic has been marked with
unexampled prosperity and power—the frame-
work of the Government and the sentiments
of its founders were held in sacred veneration
by the people of the whole land. Their faith
has been blessed with all that an all-bountiful
Providence could bestow to render happy and
prosperous a chosen people. Every departure
from these principles has been marked with
retribution as signal and fatal as ever was in-
flicted upon the rebellious Jews by a fostering
Providence.
Our unrivaled prosperity under the wisdom
of our ancestors stands out in marked contrast
with the desolation that has followed our de-
parture from it. The further we stray from
their precepts and example the more turbulent
and frightful does discord reign. The more
aggravated our irreverence the more terrible
and fatal our affliction. Gradually the public
morals are becoming undermined, and the love
of personal independence is swiftly being trans-
ferred to the love of national power and glory.
The individual is being rapidly lost in the mul-
titude. The force of personal wisdom and in-
tegrity pale before the glittering insignia of
wealth. Justice and worth are put into the
scale with place and wealth. Simple honesty
and homely manhood are despised in the pres-
ence of partisan ambition and elegant luxury.
A well " descended soul" is inappreciable 111
the presence of gross animal force clothed in
the trophies of a hundred dishonorable prosti-
tutions. What now is the hardy, independent,'
toiling citizen in the presence of gilded cor-
ruption and personal ambition ?
The general corruption of public morals is
manifesting itself but too frightfully in the total
disregard of the fundamental principles of our
national system. Not only is the framework
rapidly falling into decay and contempt, but
the life-blood of the nation has become infected
with the poison of the hour. The pride and
pomp and show that obtain in despotic Govern-
ments are hailed with the applause of repub
licans with as much joy and as loud a shout of
approval as ever a Roman audience greeted an
imperial triumph or the barbarous sacrifices of
the amphitheater.
I have not come to shout from the house-
tops evil omens and unhappy news. The task
is not by £ny means agreeable; but I would
not call him a safe counselor who stood by and
shouted "Peace! peace!" in the midst of dis-
cord and death. Nor can I join in making an
apotheosis of the self-adulating storm kings
that so often fill even this Chamber with their
vaunting breath. If the evidence of decay and
demoralization are doubted look at the his-
tory of your internal revenue. If we may
believe even a tithe of the accusations of the
press, or even of Senators, a fearful tendency
to corruption pervades this fatal wooden horse
that has been introduced within the walls of
the Government. It is filled with men armed
with all the elements of treachery, deceit,
fraud, and theft. It is omnipresent, pervading
every State, Territory, county, town, and hab-
itation in the Republic. Having its center in
"Washington, it stretches its Briarian arms over
every man, woman, and child in the land,
demanding from them each the portion of labor
allotted for the use of the Government and its
swarms of officeholders. To render efficient
the machinery the most magnificent division
of the spoils of delinquent and criminal infiact-
ors of the law are awarded to the discoverers
and successful prosecutors. Enormous taxes
invite to smuggling and deception. Severe
penalties and easy virtue induce bribery and
corruption. Swarms of spies, detectives, and
informers, with the eyes of Argus, hold per-
petual watch over the citizen and smother
manly virtue and noble independence. The
labor of the country, thus watched and black-
mailed, surrenders its manhood and becomes
in turn a spy upon its informers, and eludes by
cunning the penalties that honorable courage,
working a generous integrity, has failed to ward
off. The Government no longer relies upon a
brave and honest manhood in the laborer, but
upon the sharpness of its agents, whetted by
cupidity and extravagance.
This law itself will in the course of a few
years work the ruin of the Republic by sap-
ping the spirit of all honorable aspiration in
the citizen. The integrity of the nation can
alone be preserved by a generous trust in the
laboring classes, who alone pay all the national
debts and expenditure besides supporting the
consumers. They will not be suspected and
watched like slaves at their tasks. The Gov-
ernment and all its instruments are theirs, for
their use and benefit. An organized network
of officials commanding and operating a system
of espionage cannot fail in a short time to
change radically the character of our people.
Under their reign, every hour of our existence,
the life-blood of manly freedom is flowing from
the veins of the people. The extent, capacity,
and power of this organization for mischief
was never excelled.
It is answered that we have no citizen capa-
ble of such aspirations as that of controlling
the destiny of the nation, and if lie did the
sturdy virtue of the people would not yield.
So thought the Spartan and the Athenian, and
yet the sun of these republics set two thou
sand years ago. So thought the iron Roman
as he marched over Lvbian sands or conquered
the remote and hardy Briton. So have dreamed
the heroic Poles. Yet they have passed to the
domain of history. It is vain to trust to the
indications of the hour and the confidence ani
vanity of men. We know only what experience
teaches, and relying upon that guide wc should
shun whatever tends to impair the manhood
and virtue of the citizen. Too young to have
