1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
formed a national character, we are even now
deserting our fathers' precepts and turning aside
alter strange gods. Already we half approve
what would have plunged our fathers into
revolution.
Of all the plagues that have visited our now
distracted land the bill before the Senate de-
manding repeal has been most fruitful of dis-
cord, jealousy, petty malice, and revenge. It
has converted thousands into self-constituted
censors and political inquisitors. Its influences
have pervaded all ranks and conditions of life,
sacred and profane. It was the child of cun-
ning, fear, and technical skill. It had neither
courage nor direct purpose to commend it. It
was a trap invented to catch a President, and
came near being successful. As there appeared
but one case for its application it was not pat-
ented. The value of the discovery seems to be
appreciating, and a morecertainbusiness inthe
future rises to view. In addition to its pros-
pective utility, a tender feeling for the good it
came so near accomplishing is entwined around
the memory of the glear departing enactment.
It was not conceived and labored through for
the purpose of being thrown aside as soon as
it had been framed if power and the pious pur-
pose of its framers should remain. Its earnest
fabricators belong to the men who know—
"All piety consists therein
In them, in other men all sin,"
and were looking to the distant future when
generations would hail them as the nation's
deliverers. Against the sincerity and earnest-
ness of its authors no word can be said. The
error is not there, but in the wisdom or want
of wisdom of the unfortunate measure.
Neither of these measures are among the
most forbidding signs of the times. The want
of a geuerous national spirit that can embrace
the entire Union is the most lameutable char-
acteristic of the times. The great sectional
issue that is so fiesh in the public mind has
alienated the people in the different sectious
so much that a permanent Union under the
ruling spirit of the times can never restore
anything but a material Union. Out of the
present conflict there may arise a party that
Khali be broad enough and generous enough to
embrace ail the material interests of the Gov-
ernment. These interests must become rep-
resented in Congress, and those connected
with them tolerated and encouraged. The whole
people must put forth more catholic minds to
represent them and their wants and pursuits
if the Government is to be delivered from mere
sectional and partisan conflicts. It is not the
presence of an individual here that represents
a people. Their pursuits, interests, sentiments,
and sympathies must be represented, tolerated,
welcomed, and respected. Nothing can be
more fatal to the future stability of the Union
than the absence from the halls of Congress
of the wishes and opinions of five millions of
the American people. They are not only ex-
cluded by enactments formed from the resent-
ments of the hour, but by a narrow and selfish
bigotry. Instead of a wise and manly act grant-
ing a universal amnesty, but a day or two since
a new and distasteful inquisition was formed to
inspect the character and sentiments of the
citizen.
It is the evil of the hour that the ruling sen-
timent was formed in a sectional contest in-
tensified and hardened into sectional distrust
and vindictiveness by a long, cruel, and deso-
lating war. It is almost impossible to drop the
dead issues and bitter resentments and embrace
the new and living issues, the present interest
and the future policies, in an hour. But the
dangerous tendency of the times is a disposition
to perpetuate the sectional resentments and
distrusts. Nothing but a speedy return to the
principles of the Government and an applica-
tion in spirit and truth of the broad catholic
charity of the fathers of the Republic can
restoie confidence and trust.
For eighty years the Republic advanced in
all the elements of moral and intellectual great-
ness as no people under the cycle of the sun has
advanced under the Government so beautifully
and wonderfully adjusted by the wisdom of a
race of men who approached more nearly the
divine than any that history records. It was
their earnest effort to divide the powers of
government into such natural and appropriate
departments that one might be a constant
check upon the action of the other. They
dreaded the concentration of power in anyone
department. They knew thai such a concen-
tration was despotism, whether under one or
many men.
The three departments each are like the side
of an equilateral triangle, whose proportions
cannot be impaired in the least without the
annihilation of the thing itself. So long us
these proportions last so long will the Repub-
lic survive. Without trespassing too long upon
the patience of the Senate 1 desire to give my
views of these relations in brief.
The division of powers here are the same
as in all Governments, legislative, judicial; and
executive. When they are combined in one
person we have an absolute despotism. When
they are united in a body of men we have
an oligarchy, a despotism in the hands of a
few. When they are separated completely and
placed in different hands we have a free gov-
ernment. So our fathers believed, and so they
acted. They were not content to leave the
system here unprotected, but strengthened the
principle of liberty by the Union formed of
local State governments formed upon the same
principle; or rather the States incorporated
their own systems into the national plan. Thus
each State, acting under the inspiration of its
own people, is jealous of its rights, and the
liberties of the citizen tends to check all excesses
of the central Government.
The legislative department is the intellect
of the nation, and has thus the initiative of all
measures. It is by far the most aggressive
and powerful. It is more to be dreaded than
either of the others. The wisest and best of
our statesmen dreaded the effect of the pas-
sions upon this department. Mr. Jefferson,
in his note on Virginia, in reference to the
Legislature of that State, has thus expressed
his convictions on the subject:
" All the powers of government, legislative, exec-
utive, and judiciary, result to the legislative body.
'Ihc concentrating these in the same hands impre-
cisely the definition of'dcspoticgovernmont, Id will
be no alleviation that these powers will bo exercised
by a plurality of hands and not by a single one. One
hundred and seventy-three despots would surely bo
a« oppressive as one. As little will it nvml us that
they are chosen by ourselves. An elective despotism
was not the government we fought tor, but one which
should not only bo founded on iree principles, but in
•which the powers of government should be so divided
and balanced among several bodies of magistracy as
that no one should transcend its legal limits with-
out being effectually checked and restrained by the
others."
The opinions of Mr. Hamilton are equally
worthy of the solemn consideration of the
American people:
"In a representative republic, where the legislative
power is exercised by an assembly which is inspired
by a supposed influence over the people with an
intrepid confidence in its own strength, and which is
sufficiently numerous to feel the passions that actu-
ate a multitude, yet not so numerous as to be incapa-
ble of pursuing the objects of its passions by means
that reason describes, it is against the enterprising
ambition of this department that the people ought
to indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all their
piecautions." " * _ * * " The tendency,
of the legislative authority to absorb every other has
been iully illustrated. In governments purely ic-
pubhean this tendency is almost irresistible. The
representatives ot the people in a popular assembly
seem oftentimes to fancy that they are the people
themselves. They often seem disposed to exert an
imperious control over the departments, and a:> they
commonly have the people on their sule, they always
act with such momentum as to make it very difficult ,
forthe other members of thugoverumentto maintain
the balance of the constitution."
The executive is the national will neces-
sarily guided by the intellect in all its actions.
Its function is still distinct and independent
as it can be under the light furnished by the
Legislature. The judicial is the conscience of
the State, before which are summoned both the
other departments to be advised aud directed
by it. This is by far the weakest of all in the
State, as it is too often in the individual. Thus
our fathers have followed the order of nature
in the formation of their artificial person, the
State. The principle of its being is as essen-
tial as the principle upon which God has formed
the natural person. This old and trite illus-
tration is none the less beautiful and true be-
cause long since expressed.
In no instance has the adjustment of the
powers of the Government been permitted to
transcend the principle except in three cases
clearly specified in the Constitution. The first
is the union of the executive with the legis-
lative department by the qualified power of
the veto. The second is the union of the Sen-
ate with the Executive in appointments and
treaties. The third is the union of the Su-
preme Court with the Senate in the trials of
impeachment. These are the only limitations
upon the separate and distinct powers of each
department, and they are definitely stated in
the instrument. The Constitution sets off with
the legislative branch the source of all power.
It first announces in general terms that u all
legislative power shall be vested in Congress."
(Art. I, sec. 1.)
Then, in section eight are enumerated all
the separate and distinct subjects over which
Congress has power to legislate. It can only
legislate over some one of these subjects.
There is the general power in clause eighteen
to make all laws which shall be necessary to
carry into effect some one of the enumerated
powers or some one of the powers of any
department. The latter gives no new power;
the Constitution is just as complete without as
with it. Justice Story says :
" It neither enlarges any power specifically granted,
nor is it a grant of any new power to Congress ; but
it is merely a declaration for the removal of all un-
certainty that the means of carrying into execution
those otherwise gi anted are included in the grant.
"The first question concerning the constitutional-
ity of a power is whether the power is one of tbo
expressed powers. If it is, it can be exercised; if
not, it cannot bo exercised by Congress."
The same general grant of executive powers
to the President is made by article two, sec-
tion one. This general grant is not limited
by the same specific enumeration of powers
embraced in the term u executive powers," as
in the case of the Legislature. The enumer-
ation is rather an amplification than a limit-
ation.
The duties of the President are "to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution of
the United States,>} and "to take care that
the laws be faithfully executed."
These are the solemn duties of the Execu-
tive. There is no express power of removal
from office mentioned in the Constitution
except by impeachment.
That there is such a power inherent in the
Executive I shall quote the language of Mr.
Sedgwick in the Congress of 1789, (Annals of
Congress, vol. 1, p. 400:)
** I apprehend likewise that it requires but asmall
share ot' abilities to point out certain causes for
which a person ought to be removed from office,
without being guilty of treason, bribery, or mal-
feasance; and the nature of things demands that it
should be so. Suppose, sir, a man becomes insane
by the visitation of God, and is likely to ruin^ our
affairs, arc the hands of Government to be confined
from warding off the evil? Suppose a person in
office not possessing the talents he was judged to
have at the time of the appointment, isthcorroriiot
to be corrected? Suppose he acquires vicious habits,
an incurable indolence, or total noglect of the duties
of his office, which forebode mischief to the public
welfare, is there no way to arrest the threatened
danger? Suppose he becomes odious and unpopu-
lar by reason of the measures which he pursues, (nnd
this he may do without committing any positive
offense against the law,) must he preserve his office
in despite of the public will? Suppose him grasping
at his own aggrandizement, and the elevation of his
connections by every means short of the treason de-
fined by the Constitution, hurrying your affairs to
the prccipice of destruction, endangering your do-
mestic tranquillity, plundering you of the means of
defense, by alienating the affections of your allies
and promoting the spirit of discord, is there no way
suddenly to seize the worthless wretch and hurl lnm
from the pinnacle of power? "
The power is executive. In proof of this I
shall quote from Mr. Madison in tlnj same
debate (Annals of Congress, vol. 1. p. 463: j
" The question now resolves itself into this : i  the
power of displacing an executive power/ i con-
ceive that if any power whatsoever i:-. in it- nature
executive it is the power of appointing, o\'ei>eeiag,
