24:0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
aud controlling those who execute the laws. If the
Constitution had not Qualified the power of the Pres-
ident in appointing to office by associating tho Sen-
ate with him in that business, would it not be clear
that he would have the right, by virtue of his execu-
tive power, to make such appointment? Should we
be authorized, in defiance of that clause in the Con-
stitufiou—'the executive power shall be vested in a
President'—to unite the Senate with the President
in the appointment to office ? I conceive not."
The question was settled by the Congress of
1789, and also in 1820. Mr. Webster said, in
his speech in 1835, on this subject:
"The law of 1820, intended to be repealed by this
bill, expressly affirms the power. I consider it, there-
fore, a settled point—settled by construction, settled
by precedent, settled by tho practice of the (Govern-
ment, and settled by statute. At the same time,
after considering the question again and again within
the last six years, I am very willing to say that iu
my deliberate judgment the original decision was
wrong. I cannot but think that those who denied
the power in 1789 had the best of the argument; and
yot I wilt not say that I know myself so thoroughly
as to affirm that this opinion may not have been
produced insome measure by that abuse of the power
which has been passing before our eyes for several
years."—Webs/er'a Works, vol. 4, page 185.
The Government has acquiesced in that decis
ion for eighty years.
The courts have confirmed it.
The Attorneys General have followed it.
Twenty Administrations have practiced it.
Every Congress till the Thirty-Ninth lias
admitted it.
As the source of the power has been left in-
definite and many have differed as to that point,
though none have ever doubted its existence,
1 shall call attention to the opinion of Mr.
Madison on this question. It is an authority
before which all true lovers of the Govern-
ment have bowed in solemn reverence. Even
the giants of the age just past never called
in question his wisdom, accuracy, or compre-
hensiveness. It is the voice from the very
founders of the Republic, and, so far as any-
thing can be, is authoritative and conclusive.
It has been maintained that the power exists
either from
Impeachment,
Legislative grant,
The power to appoint as an incident, or
The grant of executive powers.
I desire to read from the letter of Mr. Madi-
son to Mr. Jefferson an extract of some length
which will give so much of interest to my re-
marks :
" Thp bills on the two first of these departments
have passed the House of Representatives, and are
before the Senate. They gave birth to a very inter-
esting constitutional question—by what authority
removals from office were to be made. The Consti-
tution being silent on tho point, it was left to con-
struction. Four opinions were advanced: 1. That
no removal could bo made but by way of impeach-
ment. To this it was objected that it gave to every
officer, down to tide-waiters and tax-gatherers, the
tenure of good behavior. 2. That it devolved on the
Legislature to be disposed of as might be proper.
To this it was objected that tho Legislature might
then dispose of it to be exercised by themselves, or
cven_ by the House of Representatives. 3. That it
was incident to the power of appointment, and
therefore belonged to the President and Senate. To
this it was said that the Senate, being a legislative
body, could not be considered in an executivo light
further than was expressly declared; that such a
construction would transfer the trust of seeing the
laws duly executed fiom the President, the most
responsible, to the Senate, the least responsible
branch of the Government; that officers would in-
trench themselves behind a party in the Senate, bid
defiance to the President, and introduce anarchy and
discord into the executive department; that the
Senate were to be judges in case of impeachment,
ana ought not, therefore, to be previously called on
i?r A suminary opinion on questions of removal;
that m their legislative character they ought to be
kept as cool and unbiased as possible as the consti-
tutional check on the passions and parties of the
other House, and should, for that reason also, be as
1 lttle concerned as possible in those personal matters
which are the greatsource of factious animosities, 4.
lhat the executive power being generally vested in
the President, and the executive function of removal
not expressly taken away, it remained with the
President. To thie was objected the rule of con-
struction on which the third opinion rested, and the
danger of creating too much weight in the execu-
tive scale. After very long debates, the fourth opin-
ion prevailed, as most consonant to the text of the
Constitution, to the policy of mixing the legislative
and executive departments as little as possible, and
to the requisite lesponsibility aud harmony in the
executive flop irfment.'"—Madison'.i Writings, vol. 1,
P. 483.
It has been argued that the offices have been
created by law for the benefit of the people,
not for the President. True, and the office of
President has been created in the same way
for the same purpose, the good.of the-people,
in this that it is to direct all the subordinate
places in the execution of the law. He is
specially charged with the execution of the
law, and must have authority over his agepts.
The President is held not only responsible
for his own acts, but also for the acts of his
agents. How can he in justice be held respons-
ible for agents shielded behind the protection
of the Senate? Authority has Us responsibili-
ties, and the latter cannot exist without the
former. Strip the President of his authority
and he becomes a mere shadow.
It may be said that the Executive will reduce
to slavish submission his agents or dismiss
them for an honest and manly independence
of thought. This is true ; the best of powers
may bo abused in the hands of bad men. In-
deed, the most salutary provisions of any Gov-
ernment may be perverted to the worst possi-
ble uses. It would not be the part of wisdom
to condemn any power for the improper direc-
tion of it by wicked men. Who that main-
tains the doctrine that to the victors belong
the spoils could condemn such a course by
the Executive?
If the Senate may control removals will
worth and merit always be protected? Would
the Senate never shield contumacy and corrup-
tion for compliance? Would this body always
refuse to dismiss competency for an honest
difference in opinion? I am sure it never was
so in this body nor in any other. The nature
of men is the same. We have seen all the
power of the Senate placed in the hands of the
committees, and these formed by a committee
appointed by a single member—whether by
design or accident I care not. The fact is never-
theless true. The committee then take pains
to vent their private preference and avenge
their personal antipathies, as well as punish
those they may deem refractory to the self-con-
stituted censors of the body, by ignoring the
rights and interests of States and sections of
the Union. More open injustice, partiality, and
•petty partisan tyranny never was manifested
by a bandit crew. Vain and silly is the effort
to gratify a mean and iguoble bigotry and spirit
of vengeance. No Executive could carry his
petty tyranny any further. Let us hear no more
of executive intolerance from a body that could
eclipse the most striking instance on the part
of any President of this or any other country.
The Executive is the representative of the
whole people, political foes as well as political
friends. He is less likely to act from mere
party considerations than Senators who rep-
resent States and their own political fiiends,
who stimulate to proscription. The President
is more exposed to generous influences from
his high position. Being placed beyond expect-
ation, he is under no obligation to factions and
cliques. In the Senate these are all-powerful,
and responsibilityis entirely removed from view.
The history of Venice furnishes ample testi-
mony of the consequences of trusting power to
the hands of many. In every instance where
executive authority has been either usurped
by or conferred upon a number of persons it
has been used to the injury of the people to a
much greater extent than by a single person.
In reference to the practical operation of this
most pernicious law the country is well in-
formed. The effect on the popular mind can
readily be judged from the unanimity with
which the House of Representatives, fresh from
the people, have condemned the measure.
Twice, with an unparalleled majority, they have
tried and condemned the guilty thing.
The experience of the Senate, it would ap-
pear, has been ample for the satisfaction of
any person not devoted in his attachment to
power. The President reported all the cases
that were sent to him by the Department, with
the reasons for their removal. Of the five or
six from the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue three were retained in office by the Senate
until they had been indicted and sentenced to
the penitentiary. One remained in office six
weeks after he had been imprisoned. No Ex-
ecutive could thus discharge his duty to the
country, nor could he be held responsible for
the malfeasance of officers.
The law, if it embraced all the officers, would
neither protect them nor serve the interests of
the Government. Apart from the superior
qualification of an Executive charged with the
execution of the law to judge of the merits of
an executive officer, and the advantage one re-
sponsible man has over a combination of irre-
sponsible ones, the law is upon its face the
most unjust and tyrannical that human vindic-
tiveness and treachery ever devised. Whom
does the law pretend to protect? Those offi-
cers alone who are nominated and confirmed
by the Senate. The largest and most useful
class, the humble clerks and laborers, are
handed over to the tender mercies of ihose who
have large salaries and powerful influences to
back them. Thus, if the vain pretensions of
the law were true, it defeats its object and de-
nies its intentions. A law that thus seeks to
protect the powerful and ignores the weak
ought, as it must sooner or later, meet the just
condemnation of a righteous public.
There can be no such inducement for an
Executive, even in a political aspect, who
derives powers and honors from the people to
act the petty tyrant and vindictive partisan as
there is for a Senator who is restrained by no
such influences. Why not leave this subject
where the fathers placed it, in the hands of the
President? One tyrant, if it should evercome
to that, is better than thirty or seventy. Although
it has never come to that in this Government,
the spirit of the hour is no harbinger of safety
from it.
The people in other Governments have not
in one instance alone been forced to seek the
protection of a dictator from the oppressions
of many. So it will be here when—if ever it
should be, and it appears probable—all power
has been grasped by the Legislature. Then the
multitude will fly to the protection of one from
the many.
If the present law is constitutional—that is,
if the Senate has been joined by the Constitu-
tion with the President in the act of removing—
the power must be a continuing and active
power, and cannot be suspended. The propo-
sition to suspend is a denial of the constitu-
tional right of the Senate.
Those who defend the law upon the legisla-
tive right to determine in whom the power
resides deny by the proposition to suspend the
policy and expediency of fettering the hands of
an executive officer. If there is 110 constitu-
tional warrant for removal the Legislature can
give none, and any law authorizing such a use
of power or attempting to confer it would be
more worthless than the parchment upon which
it has been written.
It is to be regretted that this law was never
brought before the Supreme Court, the tribunal
ordained by the Constitution to settle sueh
questions. Some case might have been made
if a studious effort to prevent it had not been
made.
I desire now to give my reasons for voting
for the law on its passage over the veto. Until
that vote was taken I did not vote for it. My
objections to the law were, first, its gross injus-
tice, in this, that it attempted to shield a class
of officers from executive authority and deliv-
eredovertlie largest number to the unprotected
operation of the so much dreaded power; sec-
ondly, it appeared to me a law enacted for the
hour, notwithstanding the protestation of its
framers, aud as such an abuse of legislative
power. I did not then consider the law uncon-
stitutional. I had espoused thedoctrine of Mr.
Webster years before, and was an opponent of
executiveauthority and in favor of its limitation.
Subsequent examination of the whole ques-
tion, aided by the practical workings of the
law, convinced me that it was not only uncon-
stitutional, but ruinous to the interests of the
Government and fatal to the dignity and purity
of the Senate. I have already given my reasons
for the constitutionality of the power of removal
