242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marci 24,
and that entire destruction of personal and
political liberty through the action of an irre-
sponsible and all-powerful legislative majority
which characterized the most sanguinary popu-
lar revolution of modern times? How long
has it been since men in this Chamber were
struck down with public denunciation and scorn
for an honest difference of opinion upon a
grave issue ? How long has it been since some
of us were loaded with every conceivable con-
tumely, and followed with a fathomless hate,
for daring to thwart the machinations of a
revolutionary junta, and stem a devastating
torrent which was sweeping our country to
destruction?
Mr. President, which is the worst form of
despotism ? That of an irresponsible, unrea-
soning legislative majority, moved by every
passion of the hour, which the history of
almost every country on the face of the earth
has developed, our own not excepted, or the
despotism of that one-man power, if you choose
so to term it, which the Constitution of our
country has established, which it has hedged
about with all reasonable and proper restric-
tions, and under which our country has pros-
pered and our people lived happily for three
quarters of a century? ' Posterity will answer
that question accordingly as we decide the one
now before us, for in that decision lies more
of good or ill to the future of our country than
has entered into the minds of many.
After all, Mr. President, it does not signify
for our present purpose what may or may not
have been the object and purpose of the ori-
ginal enactment of this law. It is sufficient
that that object and purpose do not exist now,
and whatever good, if any, may have come of
it in the past, I am unable to perceive any
that can result from its longer retention on our
statute-books. Whatever may have been the
character of the late Executive, or whatever
may have been his influence upon the country,
whether for good or ill, is not pertinent to this
debate. It is sufficient that we now have as
our Chief Executive a man in political sympa-
thy with the Congress and with the great body
of the people, one in whom all have the fullest
confidence as a soldier, a statesman, and a
man. He is now the Executive and political
head of the nation. He has taken an oath to
faithfully execute the laws which we make here,
and as the Executive is responsible for their
■faithful and impartial execution, and for the
administration, through his appointees, of all
the functions of the Government.
Holding him thus responsible, the Constitu-
tion, according to my reading of that instru-
ment, has given him the sole appointing power
during the recess of Congress of all the subor-
dinate officials of the Government, in order
that no unreasonable check should be placed
upon him in the discharge of that responsi-
bility. This responsibility, I am glad to see and
glad to hear him say, called to it as he is by
the united voice of a great people, he assumes
without hesitancy and without fear. Norneed
he have any fear, for the hearts of all the peo-
ple are wishing him success, and the hands
of all the people are raised to sustain him in
all his efforts to its proper discharge.
As the President he must and will have a
policy to recommend to Congress and the
country, and, with its sanction, to maintain.
That policy must be maintained while we are
absent from this place as well as when we are
present. While we are absent, which I trust
may prove a much larger portion of the time
than has heretofore been the case, he cannot
divide that responsibility with us, but must
assume it solely in himself, and upon him it
must rest.
But how can he discharge-it satisfactorily to
the country or to himself if we permit him to
be embarrassed and his Administration clogged
by this law? Among the more than forty thou-
sand civil offices of the country there must arise,
in the nature of things, very many instances
of malfeasance and incompetency. To correct
these, and secure the harmonious and satisfac-
tory working of the governmental machinery,
he must have the power of immediate removal
concurrently with the power of appointment.
One of the most gratifying features of the
late presidential canvass, and one which has
seldom, if ever before, occurred in our history,
is the fact that the new Executive enters upon
the discharge of his great office untrammeled
by pledges as to the specific policy he will pur-
sue, and under no personal or other obligations
for the position he holds. The office has been
literally thrust upon him. While nominally
the candidate of a party, he yet owes his eleva-
tion to the suffrages of the great mass of the
people, irrespective of party ; and so far from
being indebted to any party for his election
the reverse is true in that the party which he per-
mitted to use his name and whose candidate
he permitted himself to become is his debtor
for the victory which it obtained through the
magic power of his name. Thus he is very_ far
from being the servant or instrument of or
under obligations to any party, but rather is
the master of all parties. He can afford to do
right, irrespective of all parties. Having no
political debts to pay he is independent of all
rings, cliques, or cabals. Having no friends
to reward or enemies to punish he can afford
to administer the Government impartially and
in the interest of all the people. Elected not
only without the help of politicians, but in spite
of them, he can afford to set aside the army o.f
place-hunters and cormorants who from time
immemorial have fed and fattened upon the
public spoils, and it was because I believed he
would so use the great powers vested in him
that I was willing to sacrifice myself, on a
memorable occasion which transpired in this
Chamber, to secure his nomination and election.
It is because of the unselfish sacrifice he has
made to the country in permitting this place to
be thrust upon him, and not because of any
sacrifice that has been made for him in that
election by any party or individuals, that I feel
the more free to intrust with him the fullest
measure of power ever exercised by any former
President. It is because of his entire inde-
pendence of all sources of influence and pres-
sure that I feel that we can the more safely
reinvest that office in his hands with all the
prerogatives contemplated by the Constitution
and countenanced by long-established prece-
dent.
It is alleged that some of us are supporting
the proposition to repeal through the pressure
of friends for appointment. This criticism
cannot apply to me, for I am sorry to say, Mr.
President, that personally I have nothing to
gain by reinvesting the Executive with the un-
restricted power of removal during recess, but
rather everything to lose ; yet I deem it right
and necessary that he should have it, and 1 do
not propose to allow to any selfish considera-
tion a feather's weight against those of a public
nature, especially in the decision of a question
upon which so much depends of good or ill to
our common country.
We have held the late President responsible,
in a very large degree, for the peculations and
maladministration that characterized his term
of office. We must hold the new President,
and it is my understanding that he desires to
be held, to the same rigid accountability. So
long as we retain this law, however, we restrain
him from the exercise of the only power he
can have for the prevention of corruption and
maladministration. So long as we insist upon
tVe prerogative of determining whether an offi-
cial shall be dismissed for alleged malfeasance
or for any cause which the Executive may
deem sufficient to warrant his removal, which
we do by a continuance of this law, there can
be no direct responsibility in either branch of
the Government for the conduct of the public
service. By pretending to share it with him
we in effect remove it from both. An adjourn-
ment for the summer recess, which I hope to
see at an early day, puts it out of his power to
correct abuses ; and so the present complicated
and unsatisfactory condition of the public ser-
vice is continued.
The people believe that they have now at the
head of the Government a thoroughly poised,
self-reliant, and honest_ man, one who will
administer its functions in the interest of the
whole country, and not in the interest of rings
and politicians, and they demand of us that
he shall be permitted to administer those func-
tions and exercise the prerogatives of his great
office untrammeled by any factitious clogs,
unembarrassed by hostile and invidious legis-
lation.
We hear on all sides great complaint of the
late Administration for extravagance, incom-
petency, and corruption. Now that we have
a President who makes the correction of these
abuses the watchword of his administration
Congress should seek to strengthen and not
weaken his hands. Unless he can have the
power to correct these evils by promptly re-
moving corrupt and incompetent officials when
they are discovered he cannot and will not
by the people be held responsible for their
continuance, but upon us, who insist upon
tying his hands, will that responsibility be laid,
and we will have to answer to our people for the
longer continuance of the disordered state of
our country.
Mr. President, we are incumbered by a
mountain of debt, while our revenues are being
frittered away by the million. That debt can
never be diminished, even with the present
burdensome tax upon our resources, vast as
they are, except by the application of the same
rigid scrutiny to the affairs of the Government
which successful business men always give to
their private affairs. This the President has
assured us shall be done, while the character
of the Cabinet he has called around him gives
additional assurance that it will be done. He
has assured us also that all incompetent or dis-
honest officials shall be summarily dismissed
as soon as discovered. 1 believe, and we all
believe, that he will do it. He has a personal
interest in doing so, for the success of his
administration depends largely upon it. He
cannot do it, however, if we continue to ham-
per him with this law.
What reason, then, is there in embarrassing
him with restrictions which never until withm
the last two years, and then for a specific pur-
pose and for an obvious reason, have been
placed upon any President ? All the Presi-
dents who have preceded him have been un-
trammeled in the selections of their subordi-
nates, and to deny it now to the new Execu-
tive, disclaim it as we will, could not but be
regarded at home and abroad, in view of the
manifestations of unbounded confidence in him
on the part of the people, as a mark of distrust
and apprehension on the part of Congress.
The wonderful directness of his inaugural
address, in which he defines the principles and
aims which will govern his administration, as
well as his past though brief career in civil
office, constitutes an ample pledge, so far as
pledges can go, of a faithful and satisfactory
administration of the Government. Add to
that the public and private reputation of the
gentlemen whom he has called around him as
his confidential advisers, and I feel that we can
reasonably ask no further guarantee of the
purity of his motives or of his successful man-
agement of the Government to the subservience
of all its important interests.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPKAGUE. Mr. President, I look
occasion the other day to express an opinion,
based upon deep reflection, that the construc-
tion of this body was of such a character as to
make it unfit to check or to interfere m any
form with the action of the President in his
removals from office. It may be remembered
that I did not then point to the individuals of
this body, with many of whom my relations are
of the most satisfactory character. My state-
ment was that owing to the education, to the
experience, aud to the method of thought of
five sixths of the members of the body it waa
