246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Mr. McCREERY. He yielded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island yield to the motion
to adjourn ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have an executive
session. ["No!" "No!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have said about all that
I desire to say. What I have said has been in
the performance of a duty. I know that the
position that I take has been occupied by the
American people, and they will defend it with-
out regard to him who has selected it. I know
that I have spoken truths here that cannot be
gainsaid. I believe that the present condi-
tion and construction of the two Houses of
Congress will produce revolution. I believe
that the social, the material, and the political
condition of the country thus confused, thus
disturbed, cannot but react upon the body from
whom they feel they should receive the con-
trary to that position.
I thank the Senate for the attention which
they have given to me in these remarks. I
trust it will not be in their province to think
for one moment that I have aimed at the body
for any other purpose than upon high consid-
erations of public duty. I trust that they will
believe that I have looked into this question
with anxiety, with thought, with deep reflec-
tion ; that I have grown almost sick in the
contemplation of the dangers which surround
us. Having performed that duty I leave the
rest to those in whom I hope I have awakened
some thought in connection with the present
condition of the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boroman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Ca.rpcntcr,Cattell,Chandler,Conk-
ling, Cragin, Drako, Edmunds, Ferry. Gilbert, Ham-
i in, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, Morrill, Osborn,
Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Iticc, Sawyer, Schurz,
Scott, Spcnner, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
WiUev, A¥illiams, Wilson, and Yates—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, I'essen-
d<m, 3?owIer, Grimes, McCreery, McDonald, Noi ton,
Koss, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, and
"Warner—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cole.Corbett, Fen ton,
Howe, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sherman, and Thayer—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no fur-
ther amendment be offered the question will
be on ordering the amendment to be engrossed
and the bill to be read the third time.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. Before the passage of
the bill I desire to occupy the attention of the
Senate for a moment. The bill was intended
by the committee who reported it to remove
out of the way of the Executive any embar-
rassments which it was supposed that the
tenure-of-office law interposed to the carrying
out of the policy indicated by him of a reform
in the civil service of the country, to leave him
at liberty to select competent and efficient
officers to discharge the duties imposed upon
them bylaw, and at the same time to preserve
the_principle underlying this law, and which is
believed by many Senators to be a constitu-
tional principle. The bill, as it is reported to
the Senate, strikes out from the original tenure-
ot-o!Iice law all those features which prescribed
the causes for which persons in office could be
suspended and required the President to com-
municate to the Senate, at its next meeting
after the_ suspension of the officer, the name
of the officer suspended, together with the evi-
dence upon which he was suspended and the
reasons for the suspension. This feature of
the tenure-of-office act was admitted on all
hands to be difficult of execution. It was
objected to strongly in the Senate as putting
the President in the position of a prosecutor,
requiring him to make out a case against an
officer before he could be displaced.
The bill, as reported, authorizes the President
to suspend, in his discretion, any civil officer
during the recess of the Senate, and to substi-
tute in his place some person to perform the
duties who will receive the emoluments for the
time being, until the end of the next session
of the Senate. In the mean time it is made the
duty of the President, within thirty days after
the reassembling of the Senate, to communi-
cate to that body a nomination of some per-
son to fill the office from which the officer has
been suspended. If the Senate advise and
consent to that nomination that is the erid of
the matter, and another officer is substituted
in lieu of the one who has been suspended.
If the person nominated is not satisfactory to
the Senate, and it refuses to give its advice and
consent to the first person nominated, the Pres-
ident may nominate some other person, and
may continue to make nominations during the
whole session of the Senate; but if none of
the nominations sent in by the President are
confirmed by the Senate, and if the Senate, in
addition, shall by vote declare that they dis-
agree to the suspension of the officer, then the
bill provides that the suspended officer at the
end of the session shall resume his office and
afterward receive the emoluments and perform
the duties.
It was said by the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Mortov] that there was nothing to pre-
vent the President again suspending the re-
stored officer after the close of the session. It
is true that the bill does not provide that the
President shall not do this j but has not the
Senator from Indiana sufficient confidence in
the President to believe that he will carry out
the spirit and intention of the law? And would
it not be trifling with the legislation of the
country, trifling with that oath which the Pres-
ident takes to see that the laws are faithfully
executed, if" the moment that by the exeeulion
of the law an officer was restored to his former
position he should again suspend him ? This
would be trifling with the statute ; ana I have
altogether too much confidence in the Presi-
dent of the United States to thmk for a mo-
ment that he would do or attempt to do any
such thing. That is not a fair interpretation
to be put upon the bill. The presumption is
that when the Senate had distinctly refused to
confirm an officer appointed in lieu of a sus-
pended officer, and had also by its vote de-
clared that that officer ought not to have been
suspended, no President would think the
moment the Senate had adjourned, in defiance
of its action, of again suspending the officer
who was by law restored to his former position
unless it was for some cause subsequently
armng.
The bill then preserves, as we have reported
it, the principle which has been contended for
and which lies at the foundation of the tenure-
of-office act, and at the same time it removes
out of the way every obstacle to the Presi-
dent's filling the offices of the country with
competent and efficient men for if this law
were repealed totally, as some insist it ought to
be, the President could not fill these offices
except temporarily but by the consent of the
Senate, if we had no tenure-of-office law, all
the President could do would be to put into
office an individual to occupy the position until
the end of the next session of the Senate; it
would be but a temporary appointment; but
uuder the bill as we have reported it he may
designate a person who will continue to dis-
charge the duties for the same length of time.
Therefore, by this bill there will be no obstacle
in the way of the President's selecting such
officers as he desires to administer the Gov-
ernment which is not interposed by the Con-
stitution itself, which make the advice and
consent of the Senate necessary to these
appointments.
I thought it necessary to say this much
because of the remarks which fell from the Sen-
ator from Indiana, who seemed to suppose that
the provisions of this bill were meaningless,
inasmuch as the President eonld evade the law
by suspending a second time the same person
without cause. I have no apprehension that
the President will do any such thing, and I
believe that the bill will be efficient and salu-
tary in its operations.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I think it
is much to be regretted that the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary had not seen
fit to say as much as he has said now in expla-
nation of this bill at the commencement of this
discussion when he reported this amendment.
So far as the details of this bill are concerned
I presume there is no Senator, unless he lias
gone to the Clerk's desk and taken the report
of the committee and read it, who knows what
its provisions are. Purely as a question of
taste—which is a matter, perhaps, that I ought
not to criticise—it seems to me that it would
have been in much better taste if that Senator
when the bill was reported had explained the
provisions and details of the amendment at the
commencement of this discussion rather than
now.
The Senator from Illinois says that the bill
preserves the principle of the tenure-of-office
act. Let us see. What was the principle of
that act? I do not admit that there is any
principle in it, for in my judgment it was an
act purely of policy, of expediency, of advan-
tage to the dominant party in Congress ; but
if there was any principle at all involved in it
it was that the Senate should have a voice in
the removal as well as in the appointment of
officers. Does this amendment preserve that
principle ? The Senator nods assent. Why,
sir, you repeal the two sections of that act
which limit the power of the President to re-
move officers, and instead of those two sections
you provide that the President may remove or
suspend during the recess, sending his nomina-
tions to the Senate afterward, and you allow
the Senate to assent to the removal, either by
a direct vote or by consenting to the nomina-
tion of a successor. Practically what is the
effect of this ? It is nothing more nor less than
that the President, from the time of the passage
of this bill, may remove whomsoever he pleases,
for any cause.
In the tenure-of-office law there is a pro-
vision made that for certain reasons, for cer-
tain specified causes, the President may sus-
pend an officer during the recess, and those
reasons are to be submitted to and to be judged
of by the Senate at its next session, and if the
Senate agree with the President in the causes
assigned the officer shall be removed. But
how will it be under this measure ? The Pres-
ident may remove for any cause. An officer
may be ever so competent, ever so faithful,
ever so honest; his duties may be discharged
with a fidelity unequaled in the performance
of official trusts, and yet for purely political
reasons he may be removed under the provis-
ions of' thisbill. Nay, sir, further, not merely
for political reasons, but for personal reasons
the officer may be removed. He may not hold
the personal domestic relations with the Pres-
ident which the Executive thinks he ought to
hold; and for that reason under this amend-
ment he may be removed by the President.
The principle of the tenure-of-office act is
not preserved in this bill. The principle of
that act, if there was any principle involved in
it, was that except for malfeasance, incom-
petency, or when by reason of disability an
officer did not discharge his duties properly
in the manner in which he should discharge
them, he should not be removed ; and yet this
amendment allows the President to remove
for any cause or for any reason that to him
seems fit.
I have said this much merely as an objec-
tion to this particular amendment; and it
seems to nit that it ought not to be satisfactory
to those who are in favor of a repeal of the
law, nor should it be satisfactory to those who
are in favor of a suspension of it.
There is another provision here to which I
should like to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee and to have
an explanation of from him. It is provided
that " it shall be the duty of the President
