250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL$BE.
March 24,
thus chosen shall hold their office for one year
and until others are elected and qualified to
fill their places. A majority of said directors
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business.
The sixth section provides that the said
directors shall, at their first meeting, elect
from their own number a president and vice
president. They may also, from time to time,
elect a treasurer, a secretary, chief engineer,
and a general superintendent, together with
such other officers, agents, and employ6s as
they may deem necessary, each of whom shall
hold office or position during the pleasure of
said board of directors. The directors shall
have power to fill all vacancies in the hoard
which may be caused by death or resignation,
except as hereinbefore provided for. The
treasurer and secretary shall give bonds with
security, as the board shall from time to time
require. Meetings of the stockholders of the
said corporation for the election of directors,
and for the transaction of business, shall be
holden annually, and at such other times and
upon such notice as may be prescribed by the
by-laws. The directors of the said corpora-
tion may require the subscribers to the capital
stock to pay the amount by them subscribed,
respectively, at such times, in such manner,
and in such installments as they may deem
proper ; and if any stockholder shall refuse or
neglect to pay any installment, as required by
a resolution of the board of directors, the said
board may forfeit said stock for non-payment,
and all previous payments shall revert in law
and in equity to the said corporation under
such regulations, or may sue for and collect
the unpaid installments in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
The seventh section provides that the said
corporation is hereby empowered to purchase,
lease, receive, and hold such real estate or
other property as may be necessary for accom-
plishing the objects of this act, and may by
their agents, engineers, contractors, or work-
men immediately enter upon, take possession
of, and use all such real estate and property as
may be necessary for the construction, main-
tenance, and operation of said railroad and the
accommodations appertaining thereto. But all
real estate or property thus entered upon and
appropriated by said railroad, and the accom-
modations appertaining thereto, which are not
donations, shall be purchased by said corpora-
tion of the owner or owners of the same at
a price to be mutually agreed upon between
them ; and in case of a disagreement as to price,
the said corporation, or the owner or owners
of such real estate or property, shall apply by
petition to a justice of the supreme conrt of
the District of Columbia, particularly describ-
ing the property; and the said justice, upon
receiving such application, shall cause such
notice to be given to the other party as he shall
deem proper and sufficient, appointing therein
a time and place for hearing the parties; at
which time and place, upon proof that the
notice directed lias been given, the said justice
shall direct the manner of ascertaining the
true value of said real estate or other prop-
erty, together with the damages which the
owner or owners thereof have sustained, or
may sustain, by reason of the appropriation,
occupation, and use thereof by the said cor-
poration; and the said justice shall appoint
not less than three nor more than seven com-
petent and disinterested commissioners, who
shall be freeholders in the District of Colum-
bia, and at least one of them shall be a resi-
dent of the municipal corporation in which
said real estate or other property may be
situated, and who shall, under the direction
of said justice, view said premises or prop-
erty, take such testimony as they may deem
proper, make appraisement, and determine said
damages, and report the same under oath and
in writing to said justice. The report shall
contain a minute and accurate description of
the real estate and other property appraised,
together with all the evidence taken by the
commissioners in the case. It shall be the
duty of said justice to examine the report of
said commissioners, and upon application of
either party he shall give the parties a hearing
in relation thereto ; and lie shall have power
to increase or diminish said appraisal or dam-
ages if he shall become satisfied upon such
hearing that injustice has been done. Upon
proof to the said justice, to be made wichin
sixty days after his determination of payment
to the owner or owners, or depositing to the
credit of the owner or owners or their legal
representatives, in such banking institution as
said justice shall direct, the amount of said
award and the payment of all expenses attend-
ing the same, including an allowance of three
dollars per diem to each of the aforesaid com-
missioners, the said justice shall order or de-
cree, particularly describing said real estate or
other property and reciting the appraisement
of damages and the mode of making it, to-
gether with such facts as he may deem perti-
nent; and when the said order or decree shall
be recorded in the recorder's office of the
county or city in which such real estate or other
property is situated, the said corporation, or
its successors or assigns, shall be legally or
equitably seized and possessed of such real
estate or other property for the use and tor the
purposes hereinbefore described. Iu case any
married woman, infant, idiot, insane person,
or non-resident of the district m which said
real estate or other property may be situated
shall be interested in such real estate or other
property, the said justice shall appoint some
eompetentdisinterestedperson to appear before
said commissioner and act for and in behalf
of such married woman, infant, idiot, insane
person, or non-resident.
The eighth section provides that if any per-
son shall willfully do or cause to be done any
act or acts whatever, whereby any building,
structure, or other work, or any engine, car,
or machine, or other property appertaining to
said railroad shall be injured, impaired, or
destroyed, or stopped, the person or persons
so offending shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof by any court of com-
petent jurisdiction shall be punished by a line,
at the discretion of the court, of not more than
$5,000, or by imprisonment of not more than
two years, or both, at the discretion of the
court, and also forfeit and pay to the said com-
pany, its successors and assigns, the amount
of damages sustained by means of such offenses,
to be recovered by said company with costs of
suit by any action of debt or case.
The ninth section provides that said com-
pany shall not grant to any railroad or other
corporation the exclusive right to transfer pas-
sengers or freight over said railroad ; but any
privilege granted to one corporation shall be
extended to all who may make application for
such privilege on the same terms, conditions,
and rates, and shall not sell, transfer, or lease
their corporate rights to any company that will
not check baggage or commute lares with all
railroads North or South.
The tenth section provides that the said cor-
poration shall, as soon as practicable after the
election of directors, as hereinbefore provided,
so commence and prosecute the work of con-
structing and equipping said railroad that it
shall be fully completed and equipped in three
years from and after the first board of directors
have been elected.
The eleventh section provides that Congress
shall have the right to regulate the rate of
fares collected by said company from passen-
gers. and the rate of charges for transporting
freight; and all property owned by said com-
pany shall be subject to taxation by the proper
municipal authority.
The twelfth section provides that the act
may be at anytime amended or repealed.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. WELKER. Upon that question I call
for the previous question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Has this
bill been before any committee of this House?
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
I think tlje Journal will show—certainly the
record of the proceedings in the Globe will
show—that the House adjourned yesterday
pending my motion to refer this bill to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not
show that. The Chair is under the impression
that two motions were made, the one by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] to refer
this bill to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and the other by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoll,] to refer it to
the Committee on Roads and Canals; and just
before the adjournment both of those motions
were withdrawn at the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] that the
bill should be put upon its passage.
Mr. WOOD. I renewed the motion to refer
this bill lo the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WELKER. I do not understand how
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
obtained the floor to make that motion.
Mr. WOOD. I certainly had the floor to
submit some remarks, and I closed with re-
newing the motion to refer to the Committee
•for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects that
the gentleman from New York indicated that
as the proper time of action, but not that he
had the floor to make a motion to refer.
Mr. WOOD. Of course I cannot go against
the ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, as well as the
gentleman from New York, must be bound by
the Journal as recorded.
Mr. WELKER. I will withdraw the call
for the previous question in order to move
some amendments to this bill. This bill was
informally considered by the Committee for
the District of Columbia this morning, and they
instructed me to offer several amendments to
it, and then to ask that it be passed.
Mr. SWANN. I also desire to olfer an
amendment.
Mr. WELKER. After the amendments 1
have been instructed to move shall have been
acted upon I will yield to the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swann] to offer his amendment.
The firstamendmentsl am instructed to offer
are to the second section of this bill, to strike
out the words " by a tunnel through College
Hill;'' to strike out "northwesterly" and in-
sert " northeasterly ;" and to strike out the
word "thence" after the word "direction;"
so that portion of the section will read :
Sec. 2. A. ad be it further enacted, That the said cor-
poration is hereby lully authorized and empowered
to survey, locate, lay out, construct, collect tolls upon,
maintain, and enjoy a railway line, with appurten-
ances and maeh incry necessary for one or more tracks
within the District of Columbia, commencing at the
northern terminus of the aqueduct bridge, in the
city ol Georgetown, or at some eligible point 011 the
.^ourh shore of the Potomac liver above and near s^id
bridge; thence in a northeasterly direction, by the
most leasiblo route, ero-sing- Rock creek, entering
the city of Wasttington, <tc.
As this bill passed the Senate it would have
done great injury to College Hill, Georgetown,
as it would have required this road to go under
the college in such a way as to do immense
damage to that property. The first amend-
ment to this section is to protect that property,
and is entirely satisfactory to the faculty, and
to this company also. The other amendments
are for the purpose of giving the proper direc-
tion to this road, and are also satisfactory.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. \V ELKER. The next amendment is to
add to section nine the words " upon the terms
specified in this section." 1 ask the Clerk to
read that section, so as to show the necessity
for this amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Seo. 9. And be it further enacted, That said com-
pany shall not grant to anyrailroad orother corpora-
tion the exclusive right to transfer passengers 0r
freight over said railroad; but any privilege granted,
to one corporation shall be extended to all who inay
make application for such privilege on the same
terms, conditions, and rates, and shallnotsell, trans-
fer, or lease their corporate rights to any company
that will not check baggage or commute fares with
all railroads north or south.
