1869.
THET CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Mr. WELKER. The object of this amend-
ment is to limit the power of transfer to any
other company, compelling any assignee to take
the corporate rights upon the terms stipulated
in this charter. The committee thought this
an important amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] why the re-
strictions embraced in section nine refer only
to railroads running north or south. 1 think we
might use some words that would be more com-
prehensive and accomplish better the object
intended. 1 believe no one of the railroads to
which this can refer runs directly south. The
main road runs northwestwardly, and then
there is another running almost due west. I
will move to amend, if the gentleman from
Ohio will permit me, by striking out at the end
of the ninth section the words " railroads north
or south" and inserting u connecting rail-
roads."
Mr. WELKER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. T am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer a further amendment. It is to
amend section five by striking out "ten," in the
tenth and the thirteenth lines, and inserting in
lieu thereof u twenty so as to make the lirst
sentence of the section read as follows :
That the persons herein named as corporators, or
a majority ot them, shall, withm ninety days alter
the passage and approval of this act, meet in the city
of Washington for the purpose of presenbina: regu-
lations for opening books of subscription to said c.ip-
iral stock, at such times and place ah they may desig-
nate, by public notice of at least # ten days in two
daily papers in tho city of "Washington ; and said
books shall be kept open until fc2UU,UUU oi said stock
.shall be subscribed, and twenty per cent, on ail sub-
scriptions shall be paid in lawful money at tho time
of subscribing to theper&on or persons authorized by
llie corporators to receive the same : aiid whenever
that amount shall have been subscribed and twenty
per cent, of the same paid in as above described it
shall be tho duty ot the above-named corporators
(a majority of them phall constitute a ojuorum for tho
transaction of business) to call a meeting of the stock-
holders at the city of Washington for the purpose of
electing'directors of the said corporation, and ouch
{•liare of said stock on -which the said ton per cent,
bas been paid as hereinbefore provided shall entitle
the owner to one vote.
By the terms of the bill as passed by the Sen-
ate but ten per eeut. of the amount of stock
subscribed is required to be paid in before the
organization of the company. Our committee
thought that the stockholders ought to pay in
a larger proportion of their subscriptions, and
have directed me to offer this amendment
increasing the amount to twenty per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELKER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Swaxx.]
Mr. SWANN. I move to amend the second
section by striking out in lines thirteen to til-
teen the following words :
Crossing the branches of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad in such a manner as not. to he dansproir; to
passengers and trains on either road.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Crossing the branches of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad cither upon a sale and sutficient structure
having a clear spanot'not tesstban thnty-threoieer,
the lowest point of winch being not less than seven-
teen feet above the top of the tails oi the said Balti-
more and Ohio railroad as at present established a nd
designed, or else crossing tho said tracks < t points
sufficiently low to pass under them, resting upon
structures similar to the aforesaid, but with out alter-
ing their elevation as at present established and
designed.
Mr. Speaker, in the few remarks which 1 had
the honor to submit yesterday upon this sub-
ject I stated that I was not disposed to oppose
the general features oi this bill, Ihis is a bill
of some ten pages, indicating by metes and
bounds a route for a railroad which is designed
to penetrate this city. I am satisfied, sir, that
there are not half a dozen gentlemen on this
floor who have given to the bill the considera-
tion which would enable them to vote intelli-
gently upon this subject. It has_ never been
referred to any committee of this House; it
has never been considered by the members of
the House in detail. I solemnly protest against
this mode of hasty legislation, affecting as it
does so largely not only the interests of this
city, but the chartered lights of other roads.
My object in the few remarks I made yes-
terday upou this subject was solely to protect
the traveling public. I had not then examined
the provisions of the bill. I did not know that
they were so offensive as I have since found
them to be. But this very morning one of the
most respectable citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia, representing his fellow-citizens of the
District, made au appeal to me to have this
bill referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, before which tho people hero
whose interests are to be affectcd may have an
opportunity to be heard.
Now, sir, I am satisfied that the Committee for
the District of Columbia could give this bill all
the consideration that would be necessary to en-
able us to vote upon it intelligently in the course
of two or three days. I am not here to obstruct
the passage of the bill. But, sir, if you will
examine its provisions you will find that it per-
mits the crossing of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad at two important points, and if there
are any railroad men present they know that
it is a most dangerous expeiimeut to attempt to
cross a road laden with the tonnage that this
railroad carries. And J will state further, for
the information of the House, that there are
from twenty to forty trains a day passing over
this line of road which will bo interfered with
in case this bill is passed in the shape in which
it is presented. It is our duty to the traveling
public that we should protect them, as far as
we are able to do so, from the dangers to which
they may be exposed.
Now, 1 contend that it is entirob practicable
for this company to construct their road in such
a way as to avoid the difficulty which has in-
duced me to oppose the passage of this bill
until it has been referred to a committee. U
is, of course, with the company a question of
dollars and cents. By spending a little more
money they may, either by going above the
Baltimore and Ohio road at such a height as
will enable the latter road to pass its trains with-
out obstruction, or bygoingbelowitby asuitable
tunnel, avoid all danger, it is to that end that
I offered the amendment. I repeat that we owe
it to the traveling public, to ourselves, and to
the people of this District especially, to see that
their lives are protected. The bill, I believe,
has not as yet been examined by half a dozen
members, jt. should therefore go t.o the proper
committee for the purpose of looking into its
details. \\re know not what amendments the
committee might find it necessary to make upon
an examination of the topography of the ground
through which it is to pass.
1 contend that there is something due on oar
part to the citizens of this District. They ask
for nothing more than a patient hearing at our
hands. For that purpose it may be referred
either to the Committee for the District of
Columbia or to the Committee on Roads and
Canals. Then when it is reported back we can
act advisedly and intelligently upon it. f have
heard it stared that it is a common thing in the
West, iu the neighboihood of Chicago, and
thiongh a large portion of that region, to au-
thorize the crossing of one road by another.
But, sir, 1 sfatc here as a railroad man—and
i do not speak without experience upon this
subject —that it is always dangerous to allow
that to be done. You may throw around the
crossing what police arrangements you may
think proper, but, if will be impossible to avoid
the dangers to which the crossing will be ex-
posed, where, as in this ease, from twenty to
forty trains a day pass over one of the roads.
Now, sir, I make this appeal in behalf of the
traveling public. Every man who has a seat
on this floor will be more or less affected by
the passage of this bill in its present shape.
Therefore I do hope that it will be referred to
a committee w.ho may look at it dispassionately
and without prejudice, and see what amendment
may be required in order to protect the inter-
ests of the people of this region.
Mr. WELKER. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, this bill has been
considered by the Committee for the District
of Columbia this morning carefully, and I do
not suppose they would give anymore consid-
eration to the question if it should be special!.?
referred to them. The action of the committee
on the subject was invited by parties interested
in the question, and after careful consideration
the committee did not find in this bill the ele-
ment of danger which the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swann] seems to discover in it.
I was in hopes that he would have pointed out
distinctly what was the trouble with the bill.
I ask the attention of the House for a few
moments, and I think I can satisfy every one
that the bill ought to pass. The system of
railroads running south from this District is
entirely disconnected with the system of roads
running north and east. There is no connec-
tion between them. Perhaps no one_ measure
could give a greater degree of prosperity to this
city and this District than to make a continuous
connection between the railroads running
south and southwest and the railroads run-
ning north and east from the District. There
is no reason in the world why they should not
be connected. They are now disconnected,
and tho only advantage that accrues, perhaps,
is to tho Baltimore and Ohio railroad, which
comes into this city. No objection has been
urged specifically against this bill by tho gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swax\,] except
the danger that would accrue by tho crossing
of the trams oi' ilns road across the track of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. The gen-
tleman cannot, be ignorant that all over the
S (.Tinted States this system of crossing onerail-
| road with the track of another is in vogue. In
the city ol Chicago there are fifty such cross
ings. 1 pivsnme I speak within bounds when
1 say that, and within my knowledge no aeei-
.denc, has ever ha,opened by the collision of
trains crossing each other's tracks. Within
the limits ofeitiesthe speed of trains is always
limited bv city ordinances. Trains running at a
speed of'foor miles an hour will be in no groat
danger of coming in collision with trains upon
another load. The difficulty can be entirely
obviated by the mode which is resorted to in
other cities, of stationing watchmen at the
crossing of the roads to prevent any such col-
lisions. That is a verv slight expense, and
with the slow speed allowed within the cor-
porate limits of cities it can be rendered
entirely safe, as the experience of almost every
! city in the United S'ates proves. 1 he fact
| that these crossing are used in all the cities
! of the United States must be apparent to every
geiilb-m'in who has any knowledge on the sub-
' ]eet whatever.
1 ' There are reasons why this amendment
,1 should not be adopted, and very cogent rea-
jj sons, to my mind. In the lirst place, there
ought, to be a connection between this road and
the Baltimore aud Ohio railroad for the con-
venience of llie transfer of passengers and
freight from the one road to the other. There
ought not to be a difb'reneo of seventeen feet
ill the grade of the roads. The usefulness of
i this road, this connecting link between the
| southern system of railroads and the northern
I system of railroads, will bo greatly impaired
if there must be in this city a difference of
seventeen feet in the grade ot the road.
There is another reason why ibis grade is
impracticable. Anybody acquainted with the
ground wiil see that on emoankment neces-
sary to raise tins road seventeen feet above the
grade of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad will
be a very great damage to the adjaceut prop-
i erty and great injury to that part of the city.
| That is one reason. There is another reason
! still stronger than that, and to it I ask the attea-
I tion of the House. The corporate authorities
of the city of Washington have fixed the grade
of the streets, and they are in litigation now
with the Baltimore and Ohio Hailroad Com-
pany upon the question whether that company
have the rightgrade to their road. Lhat mat-
ter is in litigation in the courts.
I understand that the charter ot the Balti-
