252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
more and Ohio .Railroad Company gives the
city the right to fix the grade of the streets,
and to fix the grade of the road. At any rate,
a legal controversy is now being carried on
between the city and the railroad company
upon that question. Now, then, if we pass a
law by which we say that this road shall cross
the Baltimore and Ohio road seventeen and a
half feet above the present grade of the Balti-
more and Ohio road, we thereby recognize
that grade, and take the question which is now
in litigation between the parties out of the
courts, and repeal to that extent the authority
which was given in the charter to the corporate
authorities^ of the city of Washington to reg-
ulate this grade. I think that is the gist of the
whole matter of opposition to this bill. If this
amendment be adopted and this restriction be
placed on the road which no other city, no
other municipality, has found it necessary to
place upon roads within their limits, which
may impair the usefulness of this connecting
link, and almost destroy its use, Congress will
have recognized in this act the present grade
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and will
have taken the matter out of the courts, where it
properly belongs. I trust that the bill will pass.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
.Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. How
many of the streets of the city of Washington
does the track of this proposed road cross at
grade ?
Mr. COOK. As I understand the proposed
route, it is to begin in Georgetown, and to pass
on either one of three streets, S, T, or U, to
Boundary street, then down Boundary street.
Mr. HOOPER, ot Massachusetts. Then it
crosses every street leading out of Washington
north? a
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir ; I suppose it does.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me that will be aseriousobstruction to travel
over those streets or roads.
Mr. COOK. Well, sir, I have only this to
say : there are no streets or roads running ont
of the great city of Chicago that are not crossed
by more than one railroad, yet I have never
known any particular difficulty or inconven-
ience to result therefrom. The trainsare to be
run at a rate of speed to be fixed by corpora-
tion ordinances.
Mr. 1W1CHELL. I desire, with the consent
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,]
to offer a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swank.]
Mr. WELKER.. Let me first say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Swank,] and then I will yield to
allow the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell] to be read.
At the point ot the crossing of this pro-
posed road over the branches of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad that road, I understand, 13
no w upon thegrade of Boundary street. At the
point of the junction of these two roads there
is level ground. Jf the proposition is adopted
moved by the gentleman from Maryland, to
require this road to cross the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad and its branches at an elevation
of seventeen feet, it will require embankments
on both sides of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, so as to raise this road that high above
the track of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
I here is another thing. This bill proooses
that this .National Junction Railroad Company
shall erect a junction depot, a union depot—
one at which this great Baltimore and Ohio
railroad shall make connections with this road
and across this road with the railroads running
down into Virginia, up into the Shenandoah
valley, and with the different railroads running
west; and one provision of this bill author"
•ri6® , s company to erect a union depot,
lliat depot, of course, will be made at the cross-
ing of these two roads. Now, if the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland shall
prevail, and this new road shall be lifted seven-
teen ieet above the track of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, it will entirely destroy the use-
fulness and convenience of the depot proposed
to be established by this newly organized com-
pany.
So far as relates to the danger apprehended
by thegentleman from the crossing of these
two railroads upon the same level I can only
say that our experience in the West is that
there is no great danger from such crossing. I
venture to state that in the great city of Chi-
cago there are railroads crossing each other on
the same level at fifty different points.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Steam
railroads?
Mr. WELKER. Steam railroads, coming
into Chicago from every direction. They all
cross upon the same level. I do not think
that in any place where railroads are allowed
10 cross each other there is any provision in
any of their charters requiring what the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Swank] seeks to
accomplish by his amendment.
This Boundary street, in the city of Wash-
ington, is becoming a street of considerable
importance, and it would be a wrong upon the
property holders in the vicinity of the proposed
crossing of these roads to require such embank-
ments to be built as proposed by the gentle-
man from Maryland. As 1 have before stated,
at the point where these roads will cross it is
level ground; so that the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland, if adopted, will
involve the necessity of building up embank-
ments upon both sides of the track of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and I do not
think we should require that of this new road.
We have provided in this bill that these
roads shall cross each other in such a manner
as not to be dangerous to trains or passengers
on either of the roads. I think that general
provision is enough to guard the traveling pub-
lic from the danger to which the gentleman
from Maryland has alluded, and which he pro-
posed to remedy by his amendment.
I will now hear what the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell] proposes to
offer as a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. TWICHELL. I propose to offer an
amendment to require these two roads to cross
over or under each other.
Mr. WELKER. That is substantially the
same proposition.
Mr. TWICHELL. I believe that hu man
life is of too much importance to be jeopard-
ized in this way. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welker] objects to any further amend-
ment, then I hope that the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann]
will prevail. I think it important that some
such amendment should be adopted; and then,
afLer that has been adopted, if the gentleman
desires to have the wl\ole bill referred to a
committee, he can do so.
Mr.WELKER. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment. Perhaps it is better than that of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swank.]
Mr. 1 WICHKLL. I would propsese to Strike
out "uponthe legally established grade of the
city'' and insert ''over or under the legally
established grade of the city."
Mr. WELKER. That amendment would be
liable to the same objection as the other.
Mr. TWICHELL. I do not propose that
Congress shall prescribe the height or the
width of the crossing, or anything of that kind.
Mr. WELKER. But I presume that, seven-
teen feet would be the lowest elevation at which
railroad cars could readily pass; so that the
gentleman's amendment amounts to substan-
tially the same thing. I do not yield to allow
the amendment to be offered.
Mr. TWICHELL. Then I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland will be
adopted.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] permit me to ask him a
single question?
Mr. WELKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SWANN._ Is there any other mode of
reaching this union depot than by crossing the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad at the point indi-
cated ?
Mr. WELKER. That would depend upon
which side the union depot may be built. If
it is built on the west side going one way the
roads will not cross. If it is built on the other
side they will, of course, have to cross.
Mr. SWANN. Would it not be practicable
to adopt a route which would avoid altogether
the Baltimore and Ohio road?
Mr. WELKSli. No, sir. But my answer
to the gentleman is, that it is better for the ac-
commodation of both roads that the roads
should be at the same grade and the depot be
at the crossing rather than have the roads cross
at a different elevation of grade.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
men who are interested in the passage of this
bill whether the railroad corporations over
whose roads it is intended this junction road
shall pass have been consulted in the framing
of this bill, and whether the corporators named
in the bill include any gentlemen who are in-
terested in the other roads ? I will state my
reason for putting this inquiry. We have ill
the neighborhood of Philadelphia what is called
a junction, or aconnectingrailroad, connecting
all the roads running into the city. Before the
legislation was obtained for the building of
that road ail the railroad companies interested
were consulted, and corporators of nearly all
of them were made corporators in that junction
or connecting railroad.
Following up that inquiry, let me say further
that when the railroads to which reference has
been made in this debate were built railroad-
ing had not reached the point that it has now
reached. I know this: that wherever within
recent years junction or connecting railroads
have been built around cities those roads have
invariably been built at a grade either above
or below thegrade of the streets. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I am amazed 
.Mr. DICKEY. Does not the junction road
to which the gentleman has referred cross the
streets of Philadelphia at grade?
Mr. O'NEILL. No, sir; it crosses them
above grade in nearly every instance.
Mr. DICKEY. Not in every instance.
Mr. O'NEILL. As I was about to say, I
am amazed that the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Balti-
more railroad, and the Northern Central rail-
road, roads converging at the city of Baltimore,
have not seen that their interests and the inter-
ests of the traveling community called upou
tnem to build a junction or connecting rail-
road around that city. This would have
obviated all the clamor against the Baltimore
, and Ohio railroad; and if this be done at an
[ early day tnat clamor will cease and there will
be peace.
Mr. DICKEY. Before the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] resumes the floor I would
like to ask a question pertinent to the argu-
ment ot^ the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. O'Neill.] I wish to ask whether it is
not always necessary in any legislation here to
have the permission of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad?
Mr. WELKER. The question of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] is
quite a long one. He asks me whether the
companies whose roads it is proposed to join
by this junction road have be6n consulted in
reference to this bill. I will say in reply that
I do not know whether they have been con-
sulted or not. Nor do I know whether any of
the companies that propose to use this junc-
tion road in common have had any consult-
ation,^ or whether they have any interest what-
ever in the new corporation proposed to be
created by this bill. I do know that by one
of the sections of this bill it is expressly pro-
vided that all railroad lines desiring to connect
with this junction road shall have that privilege
upon the same terms. No favorite road is to
have the advantage in the connection over any
other road, but equal privileges are to be
enjoyed by all.
I need not say to members of the House
