254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
knowingly personate and falsely assume to vote
in the name of any other person, whether such
other person shall then be living or dead, or if
the name of the other person be the name of
a fictitious person, or vote more than once at
the same election for any candidate for the
same office, or vote at a place where he may
not be lawfully entitled to vote or without
having a lawful right to vote, or falsely" regis-
ter as a voter, or do any unlawful act to secure
a right or an opportunity for himself or other
person to vote, or shall by force, fraud, threat,
menace, intimidation, bribery, reward, offer,
or promise of any valuable thing whatever, or
by any contract for employment or labor, or
for any right whatever, or otherwise attempt
to prevent any voter who may at any time be
qualified from freely exercising the right of
suffrage, or shall by either of such means in-
duce any voter to refuse or neglect to exercise
such right, or compel or induce by either of
such means or otherwise any officer of an elec-
tion to receive a vote from a person not legally
qualified or entitled to vote, or interfere to
hinder or impede in any manner any officer in
any election in the dischaige of his duties, or
by either of such means or otherwise induce
any officer in any election, or officerwhose duty
it is to ascertain, announce, or declare the
result of any vote, or give or make any certifi-
cate, document, or evidence in relation thereto,
to violate or refuse to comply with his duty or
any law regulating the same; or if any such
officer shall neglect or refuse to perform any
duty required of him by law, or violate any
duty imposed by law, or do any act unauthor-
ized by law relating to or affecting any such
vote, election, or the result thereof, or if any
person shall aid, counsel, procure, or advise
any such voter, person, or officer to do any act
herein made a crime, or to omit to do any duty
the omission of which is hereby made a crime,
or attempt so to do, or if any person shall by
force, threat, menace, intimidation, or other-
wise prevent any citizen or citizens from assem-
bling in public meeting to discuss or hear dis-
cussed any subject whatever, or if any person
shall by any means break up, disperse, or mo-
Jest any assemblage or any citizen in or of such
-assemblage when met or meeting to discuss or
hear discussion as aforesaid, or shall by any
means prevent any citizen from attending any
such assemblage, every person so offending
•shall be deemed guilty of a crime, and shall for
such crime be liable to indictment in any court
of the United States of competent jurisdiction,
and on conviction thereof shall be adjudged to
pay a fine not exceeding $500 or less than
$100, and suffer imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three years nor less than six months,
in the discretion of the court, and pay the costs
of prosecution.
The sixth section provides that no officer of
Mississippi shall buy or sell treasury war-
rants, or claims of any sort upon the treasury
of the State, or of any county or district
thereof. All taxes and moneys collected by
any officer shall be paid into the appropriate
treasury; and any collector who may receive
warrants in payment of taxes shall file with the
treasurer a schedule, made under oath, of such
warrants, with the name and residence of each
person from whom any such warrant may have
been received. Any person who shall violate
this section shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall
be punished as is prescribed in the fifth section
of this act.
The seventh section provides that the courts
of the United States shall have jurisdiction of
cases arising under this act.
The eighth section provides that the poll-tax
levied in any one year upon any citizen of
Mississippi shall not exceed $1 50, and all
laws in the State for the collection of taxes
and debts shall lie uniform ; and every citizen
shall be entitled ro all the exemptions and im-
munities in these respects of the most favored
citizen or class of citizens.
The ninth and last section provides that all
landa which shall hereafter be forfeited and
sold for non-payment of any tax, impost, or
assessment whatever in Mississippi, or under
proceedings in bankruptcy, or by virtue of the
judgment or decree of any court in Missis-
sippi, shall be disposed of only by sale in sep-
arate subdivisions not exceeding forty acres
each; provided that such portion of the land
shall first be offered for sale as can be sold
with the least injury to the remainder.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Reconstruction was to insert after the word
"days," in line forty-seven of section one, the
following:
And the constitution proposed by tho convention
shall be submitted to a vote of the people within
sixty days after its adjournment.
Mr. BECK. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
In line eighteen of section one strike out tho words
"to appoint a provisional governor."
And in line nineteen, after the word ''author-
ize, " strike out the word "the" and insert
"such;" and in the same line after the word
'• State" insert "as the President of the Uni-
ted States may appoint;" so that the clause
will read :
And said convention shall have and it is hereby
authorized to exercise, the following powersin addi-
tion to the powers now authorized by l.iw, to wit:
to authorize such provisional governor of said Stace
as the President of the United States may appoint
to remove and appoint registrars and judges of elec-
tions under said acts of Congress, who shall not be
voted for at elections within their own prceincts; to
submit to the people of said State the constitution
heretofore framed by said convention, either with or
without amendments, &c.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. BECK. Before the discussion begins
I desire to ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts whether or not we will be allowed a rea-
sonable time for discussion on the bill and
amendments ? I want to be heard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish,
in the first place, to move an amendment to the
amendment reported, by the committee. It is
to strike out "sixty" and insert "ninety."
Mr. BECK. I believe there was no objec-
tion to that in the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to have as full a discussion of this bill as the
patience of the House will allow. I propose to
explain the action of the bill and then to yield
to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] my
colleague on the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, to advocate his amendment, and also to
make such remarks on his bill as he may
choose, and then to yield to such other of my
colleagues on the committee as may desire to
address the House on this subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed till the next session of Congress,
and to have some time to advocate that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
I now desire the attention of the House to the
action of this bill. It provides a remedy for
the condition of affairs in Mississippi. That
State is now unorganized. As the House is
aware, a constitutional convention met in that
State and framed a constitution which was
submitted to the people, but failed by about
seven thousand votes of being adopted, accord-
ing to the account of' General Gillem. The
friends of the constitution alleged, and offered
evidence to show, that that failure arose from
force, fraud, and intimidation. Iioweverthat
may be, the Committee on Reconstruction of
the last Congress, havingheard atsome length
the testimony upon the subject—which testi-
mony is to be found in Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 53 of the last House—reported
substantially this bill, all the Republican mem-
bers of that committee agreeing to it, as I
understand. That bill was taken up by the
Committee on Reconstruction of this House,
and has been reported to this House for its
consideration at this time.
The first section of this bill provides that the
constitutional convention of Mississippi may
reassemble again and submit anew a constitu-
tion, to be framed by them, to a vote of the
people; and that when that convention shall
again reassemble, being composed of the rep-
resentatives of the people coming directly
from the people, they shall appoint a provis-
ional governor, whose business it shall be to
reorganize the election machinery of that State.
Here will be the first divergence between the
majority of the Committee on Reconstruction
and any of its members. The gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] my colleague on the
committee, desires that this appointment shall
he made by the Presidentof the United States.
While we ail feel obliged to him for that mark
of confidence in the President, yet we cannot
but admire the new-born zeal of State-rights
men who think it better to have appointments
of State officers made by Federal authority
rather than by the representatives of the peo-
ple of the State. The committee, however,
think that these appointments of subordinate
State officers should be made by a provisional
governor, to be appointed by this convention.
The first objection to that alleged is that he
may appoint registrars and judges of election
who would be under some bias to hold the
election wrongfully in their own favor. To meet
that state of things we have provided that no
registrar or judge shall receive any vote cast
for himself as a candidate within any precinct
over which he has jurisdiction.
Another supposed objection is that the mem-
bers of the convention will in a large degree
be candidates for office in the reorganization
of the State governments. I have no doubt
of that; and if they are good and representa-
tive men of the State, as we believe them to
be, then they ought to be candidates for office
and they ought also to be elected. And in
regard to every convention that ever framed a
constitution for either of the original thirteen
States of the Union, or for the United States,
a large majority of the members, probably
two thirds of them, were candidates for office,
and two thirds of them were elected in the
governments so organized. The people ought
to elect those whom they have selected as fit
and proper men to frame the constitutional
law of the State to carry out its provisions.
Therefore, after considerable discussion, both
of the Committees on Reconstruction—the
committee of the last House and the commit-
tee of the present House—came to the conclu-
sion that the appointment of provisional gov-
ernor should be made by the constitutional
convention, and the appointments of the other
State officers made by the provisional governor
so selected.
But in order that he may do no wrong, we
provide in the fourth section of this bill that
the governor, or any other officer of the State,
may be removed by the President of the United
States at his discretion, whenever he, the
President, shall desire so to do. If gentleme.'i
will examine the fourth section of this bill they
will see that the Presidentof the United States
may remove not only any officer the provisional
governor may appoint, but may also remove
the governor himself at his pleasure. So that
at last we have put the whole thing into the
hands of the President.
This first section further provides that this
convention when reassembled shall remain in
session but sixty days. We give that body no
legislative authority except to pass a home-
stead law and laws exempting from seizure or
sale for debt household furniture, mechanical
and farming tools, provisions and other articles
of personal property necessary for the support
of a family, which, by the second section of
the bill, it is provided shall remain in force
only so long as Congress may determine, or
until a Legislature duly elected shall act upon
the same subjects.
Then it is provided that the constitution to be
framed by this convention shall be submitted
to the people within ninety days after the final
adjournment of the convention. Therefore,
we may have the whole State reconstructed and.
