1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
put in working order before the next session
of Congress.
The first section further provides that where
ever there is a vacancy in the delegation—and
there are now about thirty vacancies, or about
one third of the whole number—that vacancy
shall be filled by a new election. So far in
regard to the general action of the bill.
The third section provides that the military
commander shall, on the request of the gov-
ernor, aid him in preserving peace. To that,
I suppose, there will be no objection. The
fourth section, as I have already stated, pro-
vides that all the officers may be removed by
the President of the United States, if he sees
cause so to do. The fifth section contains very
Stringent provisions against all attempts at
illegal voting. These provisions have been
drawn with the utmost care by one member of
the committee, who devoted a great deal ot
time to the subject; and they are, I think, as
perfect as human ingenuity can devise to foil
all possible attempts to interfere improperly
at elections. Nobody, I take it, will object
to that section.
The sixth section provides that no officer of
the convention or of the State government shall
deal m State scrip. I will state the reason for
the insertion of this provision. The taxation
not being collected in sufficient time to meet
the wants of the State, scrip was issued ; and
there was great temptation to Treasury agents
and other officers of Mississippi to buy that
scrip. We propose to take that, temptation
Out, of the way.
The seventh section simply gives jurisdiction
to United States courts in cases arising under
this act. The eighth section proposes a very
beneficial enactment. It is that the poll-tax
imposed upon any citizen shall not exceed $1 50
in any one year, and that there shall be equal
taxation upon all. Under the laws of that
State, emanating from the provisional govern-
ment, poll-taxes have been levied to as high a
sum as thirteen or fourteen dollars on one per-
son annually. That has been done in this way :
the State levies a certain poll-tax, the county
or the eity levies an additional poll-tax, and
the precinct another poll-tax, so that in one
case a gentleman engaged in cultivating a plan-
tation of two thousand aercs paid during last
year, as I am assured by him, thirteen dollars
for each of the negroes employed by him ; and
the united taxation upon his negroes was greater
than the entire taxation upon himself and hi,-;
plantation on which they worked.
Under the laws as they now stand the tax-
gatherer sells liithlessly. lie takes the last
bed, the last stool, the last cooking utensil to
pay taxes. Therefore, if there were nothing
else to justify Congress in interfering in behalf
of the laboring men of Mississippi, white and
black, we ought to interfere to pass this section
alone.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman what necessity there is for allowing the
imposition of any poll-tax at all?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
explain. The gentleman is aware that until
within the last few years there was no land tax
at all throughout the entire South. Under the
system which has prevailed there land has
always escaped taxation. All the taxes sub-
stantially have been levied and collected upon
labor in the shape of licenses, &e. If a man
ran a carriage, so much license was required ;
if he carried on a barber-shop, or did anything
that was labor, anything that was useful, he
was required to pay a license. This taxation
became very burdensome upon skilled labor,
all other labor being slave. And there has
been alsolevied, as I have just said, a very large
poll-tax. Now. if we do not authorize some
general poll-tax the great burden of taxation
will fall upon skilled labor m the form of
licenses. It is for the purpose of equalizing
taxation upon labor that we propose to allow
a poll-tax.
Mr. STEVENSON. Suppose a poor man
lias a large family, may he not still be oppressed
under the provision of this bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
because the poll-tax is levied only on those
above a certain age.
Mr. STEVENSON. That depends upon
the pleasure of the Legislature. I am opposed
to any poll-tax, and shall at the proper time
move to strike out the provision which author-
izes such a tax.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
care much about this poll-tax, but I think it
is more just for labor and the equalization of
taxation to have some poll-tax than to have
none.
The ninth section is a provision in favor of
labor, and for the purpose of breaking up large
landed estates in Mississippi. Itwas supposed
that the bankrupt act would operate to divide
these large estates among the people, but under
that law all the sales are made in gross ; that
is, if a man fails with live thousand acres of
land in his possession the sale is made in a
lump, and no one can get hold of a small
portion of it. And so it is m ail the sales under
legal process of the courts all over the South,
as well in Mississippi as elsewhere. Then, as
perhaps every member of the House is aware,
no land as a rule can be bought ill small tracts
in the South. Tile land-owners are very desir-
ous to keep possession of their lands, while the
laborers and the landless are very desirous of
possessing land: for, to the possession of
land, all of us look at last as the reward and
end of all our labor. Every professional man
goes through his life of toil only with the hope
that at the last he may acquire a small portion
of land on which he may spend the remainder
of his days, and where perhaps at last his bones
may rest. Now, then, we have endeavored
by this provision to make it possible for the
poor man, the laboring man, to buy a small
portion of land. So m the ninth section we
have provided as follows :
That all 1 ail ds which ,-li nil hereafter bo forfeited and
sold tor mm-puymcnt of any f.ix, impost, or assess-
ment whatever in the State ot Mississippi, or under
proceedings in bnnkiuptc.y, or by viitue of thejudg-
ment or decree ot any court m the said Jitate ot Mis-
sissippi, shall be disposed oi only by sale m separate
sub-divisions nut exceeding lortv acres caeh: Pro-
vided, hof-ovcr. That such portion of said land shall
tirst be ottered for sale as can be wold with the least
injury to the remainder.
So that the portion least valuable to the
owner may be sold and applied to the payment
of his debts.
1 have thus brought to the attention of the
llouse the provisions of this bill. It is reported
with very great unanimity by the committee,
comparatively speaking ; with as muchunanim-
ity as can ever be expected from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction. It has been sanctioned
by the commitleeofthelastllouse. Ithasbeen
carefully and thoroughly considered; and I
must ask the House, if they do not want to
break 111 upon the system of reconstruction,
and if they believe that it is best to have any
reconstruction in Mississippi at all, to stand by
the provisions of this bill.
And let me add how desirable it is to have
reconstruction. My friend from Illinois on the
committee [Mr. Kauxswortit] has given rnc
notice that he proposes to argue the question
of postponement of this reconstruction. Let
me say if we postpone it we peril, in my judg-
ment, not only the interest ot Mississippi, but
the interest of freedom and human rights
throughout the nation. If Mississippi is recon-
structed, as under this bill she will be, in the
interest of freedom, the fifteenth amendment
will be passed by the constitutional majority of
three fourths of the States. If we leave out
Mississippi we may not be able to get that
majority.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. Is the gentleman
quite sure that Mississippi will be on the right
side in regard to this amendment?
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
I am glad that question has been asked. Missis-
sippi counLs against us unless she counts for us.
Mr. FAUNSWOKTH. Not if she is not a
State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. She can-
not be any worse thaa against us even if she
is reconstructed. We liave got to get three  
fourths of the States as the matter stands, and
we cannot be any worse off if she should be
reconstructed and vote against us.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If Mississippi is
not a State she does not count against us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. She will
be a State and count against us if sho does
not count for us.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the very
thing I have asked about. If she becomes a
State is the gentleman sure she will count
against us ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If she
becomes a State she surely counts against us
if she does not count for us. Let us have the
question open what States shall be counted
against us. I never want to see that brought
to a test after we have gone so far as we have.
I would rather take the chatice of Mississippi
being against us than take the chance of hav-
ing our constitutional provision for equal rights
depend upon the decision of that great ques-
tion of constitutional law over which nobody
but the whole people can have jurisdiction,
and which may be brought to a very stern arbit-
rament at some future time, whether these
States are in or out of the Union for snch pur-
pose.
I propose now, with the leave of the House,
to yield as much of my time as I possibly can
to several gentlemen who desire to discuss this
bill ; and I would ask how much time I have
left V
The SPEAKER pro fempore, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The gentleman has thirty-five
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
twenty-five of them to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Massachusetts does not expect to
call for a vote on this bill during his hour,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. BECK. It is utterly impossible to dis-
cuss a bill of this magnitude in twenty-five
minutes. I had hoped that the discussion would
be allowed to go on so as at least to allow gen-
tlemen upon both sides in the committee to
express their views fully.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 would
say to the gentleman that I do not propose to
ask for a vote on the bill to-day, but to allow
time for discussion.
Mr. BECK. Then I ask the gentleman to
yield the floor unconditionally, so that I may
have a full hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
do so.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, the amendment
offered by me was not offered for the purpose
of obtaining any sort of advantage for the party
to which I belong. Nor was it offered, as the
chairman of the committee suggested, because
of any new-born zeal to vest power in the Pres
ident of the United States. It is simply a
choice of evils. I have infinitely more confi-
dence in the President than I have in the con-
vention. 1 believe he will exercise his power
to secure a fair and free election, and 1 know
the convention will not permit either. It is
too late now to argue the question on original
principles, and I propose to act upon existing
facts, and make the most of them. 1 would
not allow the convention to assemble at all if
I could control the legislation of this House,
but would strike out the sections restricting the
right to vote and hold office, and cause the
military commander to resubmit the constitu-
tion already framed to the people. I will show
before I close that the fourth section, giving the
President power to lemove the provisional gov-
ernor appointed by the convention, is of no prac-
tical benefit and cannot be exercised.
There is no difference of opinion among the
members of the committee as to the propriety
of an early restoration of the State of Missis-
sippi to her proper relations in the Union, and
however we may have differed heretofore (and
we differed widely) as to the legality, constitu-
tionality, validity, or policy of the reconstruc-
