1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
election officers who phaU make the return of the
votes cast on the ratification or rejection of the con-
stitution shall enumerate and certity tlie votes cast
for members of Congiess."
Which laws being then and now in full force
vested the absolute right in the military com-
manders. The powers attempted to be vested
in the convention's committee of five, being in
violation of these statutes, were null and void,
as they well knew. General Gillem, the then
military commander, caused the elections to
be held as required by law and the returns to
be made to him. Ilis report and the orders
attached thereto, which will be found in the
printed testimony, beginning nt page 65, shows
with whatcare and prudence heguarded against
every possible chance for either fraud, force,
or intimidation being resorted to to prevent a
full, free, and fair election; the result being
that the constitution was defeated by 7,025
majority against it, and four Democrats and one
Republican were elected to the h'ortietli Con-
gress, no election being held or attempted to
be held for the Forty-First. He closes his
report thus:
" On the 10th instant the boards of registration of
the various counties having ail m:ule their returns,
a« required by the fourth section of tho aetofMareh
23, 18157, they were consolidated, and show the fol-
lowing as tho result."
Here follows a full tabular statement.
He adds :
"The foresoins table shows that thcro were cast:
for the constitution, 50,231 votes; nstiuu^t the consti-
tution. 63,860 votes ; and therefore there is a majority
against the constitution of 7,G:I9."
He says:
" As is generally tho ca^e in elections, fraud is
chained by both parties. All reports and complaints
beaiing on this subject are heiewith transmitted for
the consideration of the proper authority, merely
l cm.irking th,it I am satisfied the election was as fair
and free hom intimidation or the influence of tiaud
as it would be possible to secure under existing cir-
cumstances, and that no undue influence was exer-
cised at the polls. If intimidation was used at all it
was beyond the power of the military to reach it."
That report seems to me absolutely conclusive
on both propositions. First, that the consti-
tution was fairly defeated ; and second, that
a convention such as that in Mississippi is
shown by the report and the conduct of their
agents to be is the last body of men upon earth
in whose hands the protection of either the
lives, the liberty, or the property of that people
ought, to be intrusted, especially with such ar-
bitrary and despotic powers as this bill proposes
to invest them.
General Gillemverifiesliisreportby thestate-
ments of all his officers. What then occurred?
I am seeking now simply to demonstrate that
this convention is unlit to be again intrusted
with power. That is the only point with me.
I have no political interest at stake in this mat-
ter. The Democrats seek to gain no advan-
tage by their eouise upon this bill. In my
opinion that convention should never be called
together again in any form, even though the
President should be given the power I ask may
be given to hi 111.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BECIC. Of course T will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As the
gentleman is opposed to this whole bill in any
form, I would ask him why he seeks to em-
barrass it bj amendments?
Mr. BECK. I do not seek to embarrass it,
but I desire to improve it by amendments in
case it should pass. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Buti.er,] tho chairman of the
present Committee on Reconstruction, was not
the chairman of the last Committee on Recon-
struction. If he had been I believe he would be
found voting with me to-day. I believe he has
not yet had time to examine this matter fully,
for if he had I know he would not sanction
such acts as these men have been guilty ot, nor
would he seek to restore power to these men
without throwing the guaidianship ofthepowcr
of the President of the United States around
the people of the State of Mississippi; and it
is for that purpose that I seek to have this bill
perfected as far as possible.
It will be remembered, especially by the
Committee on Reconstruction of the Fortieth
Congress, that for at least ten days before Gen-
eral Gillem's report and the accompanying
papers were received a number of men claim-
ing to represent the convention and its com-
mittee had hung around the committee-room,
urging that Congress ought to declare the con-
stitution of Mississippi ratified, notwithstand-
ing the vote against it. Geneial Gillem's re-
port silenced them. After its receipt no man
in or out of Congress, so far as I ever heard,
intimated during the second session of the
Fortieth Congress that the constitution was
not fairly defeated. The Reconstruction Com-
mittee so assumed, and on the 24th of July
Judge Bingiiam, as its organ, introduced and
the House passed the bill which I hold in my
hand, entitled '"An act for fhe more speedy
reorganization of the States of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas, and for other purposes."
The bili provided for the reassembling of the
convention in Mississippi "to frame a consti-
tution of State government, and submit the
same to the people under and in pursuance of
•he provisions ot said acts of Congress and of
this act;" admitting and assuming beyond all
peradventure that the former constitution re-
ferred to iu General Gillem's report had been
rejected.
This bill gave powers and authority to the
convention very similar to that now proposed
by the bill before the House, and therefore
seemed to be satisfactory to tho agents of the
convention; at least neither this House nor its
committee heard any complaint from them.
The Senate for some cause neglected or refused
to pass it, and it failed to become a law. The
convention in Mississippi, therefore, could not
meet; their opportunity to renew their system
of tyrannical and illegal legislation had failed,
and they were desperate. The next step was
the most infamous and audacious of any they
had yet ventured to take. Notwithstanding
General Gitlem had reported that the consti-
tution was fairly defeated, and they had failed
to contradict his report in a single particular;
notwithstanding Congress had so decided, and
this House had passed a bill for the reassem-
bling of the convention, and for the framing
and submission to the people of the State ot
another constitution, the committee of live ap-
pointed by the convention metat their rooms in
Jackson, Mississippi, on the 3d day of Novem-
ber, 1868, and assuming that some election
ought to go on, on that day tliey issued the
following
Proclamation.
Rooms of Committed of Five,
Mississippi Constitutional Convrktiox,
J ackson, Mississippi, November 3,18G8.
"Whereas a convention of the people of the State
of Mississippi. convened at the city of Jackson, in
said State, on the 7th day of January, A. D. 1808. by
Older of Major General E. 0. 0. Old, commanding
the fourth military district, under the nowers eon- i
ferred by the reconstruction acts of the Thirty-Ninth
and Fortieth Congresses and the acts supplemen taiy
thereto, for the purpose of framing a constitution
and civil government tor the State of Mississippi,
did, on the lGth day of March, A. D. 1868, pass a res-
olution creating and appointing a committee of five
of i's members to supetinlend the election for the
ratification of the constitution fiamed by said con-
vention and for 'he election of State ofiioeis, includ-
ing members of fhe Legislature, and for Represent-
atives m the Congress of the United States, and to
ascertain and make proclamation of the result of
s.ud election; and whereas &a'd election was ordered
and hcldm the several counties of fhe State, com-
mencing on the 22d day of June, A. I). 18(58:
Now, theiefore, by virtue of the authority thus
vested m said committee of live, T, as chairman of
said committee, after a careful examination of the
jcports made by the commissioners appointed to
hold said elections, and after a patient and diligent
investigation of the affidavits and statements ot
many other citizens of tho State in reference to the
conduct of said elections do proclaim and declare j
the constitution thus submitted to h.ive been duly ,
ratified and adopted by a majority of the legal 'v oteb
east at said election, and the following person^ duly ■
chosen and elected at the same time to fill the sev-
eral offices as provided in said constitution :
Governot—Berath B. Eggieston.
Lievtc'iaiit (Joverno)—Andrew J. Jamison.
Secretary of /Slate—Robert J. Alcorn,
Treasurer—Duncan McA. Williams.
Auditor of Public Accounts—William, J.Morgan.
Attorney General— Joshua S. Morris.
tntendcniof Public Schools—Charles W.Clarke.
Members of State Senate.
First district: R. Seal.
Second district: William II. Gibbs.
Third ditiict.: 1). W, Mclnnis.
Foui- h district: Edward J. Castcllo.
Fifth district: Abel Alderson.
Sixth distnct: William M. Deason.
Seventh distiicl: Alston Mygatt, Thomas W.
Stringer.
Eighth district: Elijah A. Peyton, James Lynch.
Ninth district: S. T. Street.
Tenth diswiet: Robert J. Mosley.
Eleventh district: J. B. Blackwell.
Twcl'tth district: A. Warner.
Thirteenth district: Charles E. Morgan.
Fourteenth district: C. P. E. Johnson.
Fifteenteenth district: II. W. Barny.
Sixteenth district: Raymond lleid.
Seventeenth district: N. J. Chappell.
Eighteenth district: llomcr C. Powers, Joshua
Stalungs.
Ninteenth district: J. W. Castles.
Twenty-first dibtriet: John N.Wilson.
Twentj-second district: R. M. Tindall, J. L.
Herbert.
Twenty-third district: A. S. Dowd.
Twenty-fourth district; W. L. Coopwood.
Twenty-sixth district: Henry M.Payne.
'J'wenty-scventh district: L. W. Oabbutt.
Twenty-eighth district: R. B.Avery.
Twenty-ninth district: C. 0. Slovcr.
Members of the ITouse of Representatives.
Adnms county: Frederick Parsons, II. P. Jacobs,
J. M. P. Williams.
Amite county: Robert E. Poindexter.
A ttal a county : Joseph M. Thompson, Jason Miles,
Bolivercounty: Joseph It. Webster.
Calhoun county: J. L. Lyon.
Claik county: lionry Musgrove.
Choctaw county: J. W. Campbell, E. II. Reid,
Claiborne county: E. II. Stiles, Matthew T. New-
som.
Coahoma county: William A. Alcom.
Covington county : D. B. Mclnnes.
Davis county: V. A. Collins.
Franklin county: 11. Cassidy, jr.
Greene county : F. M. Backstrom.
Hancock couut> : i>. B. Seal.
Harrison county : J. M. Bradford.
llmdscounty: J. 11. Parsons, Charles Caldwell,
Clonics, F. Norrib, II. T. Fisher.
Holmes county: AlbeiiG. Packer, Samson Betters,
John F. House.
Issaquena county : II. P. Foy.
Itawamba county : N. Davit?.
Jackson county: M. E. Butt.
Jasper county : D. F. Little.
Jefteiaon county: Orange S. Miles, Dr. Clifford
Kearus.
Kemper county: Moses G. Holford.
Lauderdale county: AlpinSloan, J.Aaron Moore.
Lawrence county: P. R. i'leeman.
Lee county: John Allen.
Leake county: S. A. Baker.
Lowndes county: W. B. Ifeatheock, A. J. Eggles-
tine, D. S. Wallace, Robert Gleed.
Madison county: W.B. Cunningham, Amos Drome,
J. A. Bingham.
Marion county: Thomas S. Ford.
Marshall county : W. L. Troadwell, A. F. Moore,
M. C. Pegnes.
Mon roe county : J. B. Woodmansee, J ames Elliott,
J. B. Goodlad.
Neshoba county: James A. Hester.
Newton county: Thomas Keith.
Noxubee county: lsham Stuart, E. Moore, N.
J Oktibbeha county: J. R. Noran, George II. Hol-
land.
Panola county: S. Allen, M. C. Brady.
Perry county: J. P Carter.
Pontotoc county: J. L. Morphis, Thomas S. Her-
ring.
Pike county: S. E. Packwood.
Seott county: Roderick Moore.
Sunpson county: L. M. Dampier.
Smith county: L. T. Fitzhujdi.
Sunflower countv: D. N. Quinn.
Tallahatchee ccunt> : B. 1. Avent.
Tippah county: E, W. Hunt, W. F, Wells.
Tishemingo county: Thomas A. Blair, Pleasant
Bearden. ^
Tunica county: Martin J. Manning.
Wayne county: William Yeoman.
Warren county: Benjamin Leas. Albert Johnson,
John X. Rankin, Charles P.Head, Charles \. Foster.
Washington county: William Brown, Dr. Sites,
William Cray. ~
Wilkinson county: JohnT. Cage, Jam.cs M. Griffin.
Winston county : Gideon W. Carlylc.
Yazoo county : Albert T. Morgan, Freeman E.
Franklin, William II. Foote.
}lry>r<sentatxvea to Fortieth Congress.
First district: Charles II. Townsend,
Second district: T. N. Maitin.
Third district: Charles A. Sullivan.
Fourth district: George C. McKee.
Fifth district: L. W. Perce.
Representatives to Forty-First Congress.
First district: J. L. Wafford.
Second district: Jehiel Raulsba^k.
Third district: Charles A. Sullivan.
Fourth district: George C. McKee.
Fifth district: L. W. Perce.
And I do hereby further declare the elections held
in the counties of Copiah. Carroll, Chickasaw, Do
Soto, Lafayette, Eanltin, and Yallabusha. on account
