262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
not military governors. Congress and the peo-
ple of lhe country very generally maintained
that he had no authority to appoint provisional
governors, a part of whose duty it was to re-
, organize civil State governments. The power
to reorganize is legislative in its nature and
character, to be exercised under the authority
of Congress, and not of the President. Mr.
Lincoln appointed a quasi provisional gov-
ernor in North Carolina at an early period in
the war, but his appointment was immediately
followed by a provision in an act of Congress
taking from him, or rather denying the power
of the President to appoint a provisional gov-
ernor clothed with authority to reorganize and
set up civil government. But the gentle-
man from Kentucky says the act of July 19,
1867, only authorized the removal of officers
appointed by the States. His construction of
tlie act is too narrow. It authorizes the re-
moval even of provisional governors appointed
by President Johnson if any such had con-
tinued in office. But it so happens that in the
States to which the act applies the President's
provisional governors had, I think, all given
place to new governors elected by the people
under State governments created through the
agency of the original provisional governots.
But in any construction which can bo given to
the act of Congress there is no warrant for
saying the President was ever authorized to ap-
point a provisional governor, and hence the
gentleman i-rom Kentucky is mistaken in say-
ing the hill now under consideration takes from
the Presideatany power either of appointment
or removal.
But leaving this branch of the subject I
desire briefly to call the attention of the House
to the fifth section of this bill, and to say that
the failure of the reconstruction measures in
some of the States of the South has been in
part owing to the fact that it has been impos-
sible to hold any free and fair election. There
has been no provision of law in any of the
reconstruction acts for the protection of the
ballot-box or for the punishment of those who
would prevent a free and fair exercise of the
elective franchise. This section of the bill is
framed for the purpose of remedying that
defect. It is taken substantially from a bill
which I had the honor to prepare, and which
was reported by the committee on alleged elec-
tion frauds in New York, as will be seen from
pages 82 and 83 of the report of that commit-
tee made to the House of Representatives in
February. I think if the House will examine
that section of the bill it will be deemed ade-
quate to supply, so far as law can supply, a
very great delect in our prior legislation. Un-
der its provision I have no doubt that an
election in the State of Mississippi will here-
after fully reflect the sentiments of the people
of that Slate. If we can protect the ballot,
preserve the peace, and appeal to the sober
second thought of the people, soon we may
hope for successful reconstruction, a restored
Union, and the gratifying evidence that equal
and exact justice to all men will secure happi-
ness to the citizens of the Republic and per-
manence to the Government.
Mr. Wooj) obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me, I will say to the House
that I do not desire to press this yuestion to a
vote this evening. 1 therefore ask unanimous
consent that it be understood that no other
business shall be transacted to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from New York, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were—ayes
88, noes 65.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Allisox, and Jones of Ken-
tucky.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes GO.
So the motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at. three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
eommittees:
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition, exhibits,
&c., of E. Dieklemami, a subject of Prussia,
for relief.
By Mr. BROOKS: The letter of Hon. Mr.
Ryan, of Louisiana, in the matter of his elec-
tion to this House.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The memorial of J.
N. Carpenter, a paymaster in the Navy, pray-
ing for remuneration for losses of property in
Spottsylvauia, Virginia, during the late rebel-
lion.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of J. P.
Reed, member of Congress-elect from the
third district of South Carolina, for an exten-
sion of time in which to take testimony in the
contested-election case of S. L. Hoge against
said J. P. Reed, in this House.
Also, the memorial of W. D. Simpson,
member of Congress-elect from the fourth
district of South Carolina, for an extension
of time in which to take testimony iti the con-
tested-election case of A. S. Wallace against
said W. D. Simpson, in this House.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 25, 1869.
Prayer by Right Rev. Thomas M. Clarke,
D. D., of Rhode Island.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless tlie further read-
ing of the Journal is desired by some Senator,
I ask to have it suspended.
Mr. SUMNER. I must ask to have it read
through.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
senator from maryland.
Hon. William T. Hamilton, elected a Sen-
ator by the Legislature of the State of Mary-
land, whose credentials were presented at the
last session, being in attendance, the oaths pre-
scribed by law were administered to him by
the President pro tempore, and he took his
seat in the Senate.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a letter from
the Commissionerof Indian Affairs, in relation
to an account of Irby H. Rudd for transport-
ing annuity goods to the Navajo Indians, and
for detention of his train at Cheyenne and Fort
Defiance ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the memorial
of the board of common council of the city
of Leavenworth, State of Kansas, in which
they represent the great necessity of having a
building there suitable to be occupied by the
post office and for holding United States courts,
and they ask an a ppropriation for that purpose.
I move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Peter
Tinsley, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
from his political disabilities; which was re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of S. D. Rum-
bough, of Virginia, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of
W. W. Goodloe, of Madison count}', Missis-
sippi, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr.SPENCliR presented ihe petition of
Lev: Ilmds, of Alabama, praying to be relieved
from his political disabilities; which was re-
ferred to the select Committee on t.he Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Clara Barton, in which she sets forth the needs
of the freedmen of the city of Washington.
She asks Congress to pass a joint resolution
giving to her in trust for the benefit of these
freedmen the refuse property belonging to the
War Department, being old buildings and
stores which are about to be sold. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition of
Thomas D. Eldridge, of Tennessee, praying
to be relieved from his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Walter W. Brooke, of Virginia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. EDM UND3 presented a letter from the
Commissioner of Pensions, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions, com-
municating a report relative to the fraudulent
practices of claim agents in the collection of
claims for pay and bounty in cases of colored
troops ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mrs. Mar-
garet Laurie, on the files of the Senate, be reterred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr, HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Samuel
Miller, on the files of tlie Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate
relative to the claim of the heirs of General William
Gates, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 171) to encourage the building
of steamships in the United States, and to
provide for the transportation of the United
States mails to Europe by steamships built in
the United States, reported it with amend-
ments.
grade of pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
report the following resolution:
Besnlved, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds, the supervising architect ol tUo
Treasury, and the architect ot theC.ipitol extension,
be directed to examine into the proposed change of
, the line of Fifteenth street, between Pennsyhani i
j avenue and Now Yoik avenue, and the piopo-ed
change of grade of Pennsylvania avenue and Fii-
teenth street, between Fourteenth and Sefeuteeuih
streets, and to report with plans and estimates of
the cost of such improvemcn t.
As this involves nothing more than the ob-
taining of information, and no expense, I ask
that it may be adopted now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
financial scheme.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The day before yesterday
I introduced a bill (S. No. 191) entitled ''An
act to provide for loaning the public money,
and for other purposes." The accumulation
of business prevented me from giving to it a
proper preamble, and for that purpose I with-
draw it from the Clerk's desk. I ask tlio
indulgence of the Senate to have the same
printed with the preamble, and make that
motion'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. SPRAGCJE. I desire to read a state-
ment on the subject, if I can have the indul-
gence of the Senate for that purpose, with a
view that it may be embodied in the proceed-
