1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
ings with the bill, and also the bill itself. It
is as follows:
The liberties a.nd interests of the American people
imperatively demand that scarcity, of capital a-nd
high rates ot interest for money shall cease.
government deposits in the national banks
throughout the country arc so much capital wtth-
di.iwn from industual and productive interests and
employed in speculative investments; such employ-
ment heinsr a consequence of the shoit time allowed
tor deposits, ncccssariiy producing a scarcity of cap-
ital and making rates of interest high in industrial
nrnl pioduotivo operations, which operations cannot
beicsmcted in the use of capital to the time thus
limited.
Capital seeks speculative investment in conse-
quence of absence of profits in industrial and pio-
ductivo enterprise.
The great increase of value in city propel ty and
the increase in the erection of buildimrs in cities aro
no signs of general piospenty ; but the revci>e, as it
indicates the absence ot prohtablo einplovmcnt 1or
capital in industrial find piodu< tive puu-uits and its
employment in the purchas-e and sale of city pi open ty,
giving ,-uch property increased value. It is known
thar indiiftn.il and productive enlei prises aie c.it-
ned on, if at all, wuh little or no pmiU, nud cities
can only maintain then valuation by profitable bu-i-
iio^ with tne inteuor, it is clear that such nppm cntly
im leased value has no ooiid iouridation on which to
ie^t.
Jj.v concentrating in the Treasury in New York
all Government income, and individual and other
deposits, and disbur-mg the oiiine from day to day by
loans and paymentof Government indebtedness, the
cqmli brium ol the money market (in ten upted by the
withdraw.il of money collected by tuxes and retired
into the Treasurv) will be restored; and the intro-
duction of such Government income into the money
market in New York (where the rates of interest, are
eon c.-poi;dm'jlv established for the whole country,"*
will cause to How ftom the Treasury a. steady and
powcrlu! stream of money, ami so pi event a seaicity
or too sie.it abundance at any one time, and there-
in e ot t no euiplo> men! ol ( a pita I in speculation, as
it is only on n scarcil v, or a n abundant money mai kel
at irromihu' times, that speculation thmes. Specu-
lation K laioun to be greatest dur.n^ the greatest
fluctuations in the puce ot nionev.
The great, object to be obtained by n condition of
specie payment i> the maintenance of a stand.nd
and uniform value in tho capital employed bvthc
people in their vanou^ oj)erations, and <is the accu-
mulation of gold in the Tieasury acts as a forced
check on the advance of the price of gold in the
in nket, t he same is tendered more or less ineffectual
and lluetuating by the lirejrulnr flowing in and out
"i the J'lea-'iuv of the money leeeived lioui the
pt onto in taxes.
The loans and the deposits aforesaid will sti en allien
the Tieasury by diawing liom the brinks and other-
wi-e the monej. now used ia speculation.
No opei at or or combina tion ol operators engaged
in spoculat ion will be sufficiently powei till to cheek
or hinder tin more powei lul movements ot the Ti eas -
ui\\, and their capital, in the absence of speculative
oppoitnnities foi investment, will seek the level of
the i.itcs of inteicst established for money by the
TiCiitUiy movement?, which must gradually woik
lower and lower, and the capital taken from specu-
lative investment w ill seek emplovment in the m-
tei ioi in t he md usti ia I and pi odiu ti ve pursuit-5 ot the
people, such omplownent (when high lates ot inter-
est cease) being nioic profitable and saier.
By loans as ntoiesaid the Government will derive
a l.nge income lor the u^o ot iN unemployed iunds
at least sufficient to pay ior the management (it the
same, and nearly sullicient to pay the expen-e-* ol
collecting the l evenues, beside-, giving s'eachnc^,
great ei a bun da nee, and lower i iitt'S of interest to the
money market.
Th^ bill is as follows :
A bill to provide forloining the public money, and
for other purposes.
Be it enactedhpthe Senate and Iloute of Iteprc^eritu-
tiv<"* of the (Jutted St'<te-> or A nun icu tn Conyt ow-"><■?//-
blod, That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he
i^ heieby, authoti/.ed and diiected to enise to be,
pi epared and i -ued notes ot the (Jnued Urates, pay-
able to benrer m com upon demandat the oflice of
the United States A'-MStant Treasurer, ui I he city
of New Yoik, and the asrgretratc outstunduig and
unpaid is^ue ol audi notes shall not at any tiine ex-
cecd the amount of gold coin owned by the Tinited
States deposited in the Treasury thereof.
SKC. 2. And be it further enacted, Tnat the Secre-
tary of the Ticasury be, and he is heieby, authouzed
and directed to receive on deposit in the Tieasury
United States gold coin, to the amount of which he
shall issue to the depositors notes similar to tbo'-e
piovidcd ior in rhe preceding section, which shall#
expre^ the tact that they were issued upon such
deposits.
S::c. And he it farther cnacted, That the notes
authorized by the hist and second sections ot tins
act shall be icceivable in payment of duties on im-
poj ts and ot all dues whatsoever loor fiom the United
Suites, and the act authorizing the issue of coin cer-
t'fieatcs is hei eby repealed. All notes issued under
this acts ball not, when received into the Treasury, be
again reissued, but shall be canceled and destroyed.
SlCC. 4. And he it Jinther marted, That nil provis-
ions oi law relating to connterfeitingorother frauds
oi offerees in relation to the securities or the public
inoix > ot the United Statcs shall be applied to frauds
or oflen-es in connection with this act.
Sec. o. And be it farther enacted. That the ic^ervcs
of aii notional hank's which, bv the thn ^ first and
tiii i t.\ -m, co nd sections oi au  u-t appiovcU juuc «,*.
1864, entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency, sccured by a pledge ot United States bonds,
and to piovide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," are required to be kept, with national bank-
ing associations in the city of New York and else-
where, are hereby requiied to be deposited with the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States in the city
of New Yoik, and all deposits which may, after the
date when this act shall take effect, be kept in the
city of New York by national banking associations
located in other places, suhject to the pnvment of
any drafts, bills of exchange, or other debts or de-
mands of said association or their assigns, including
the redemption of tho national bank circulation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there shal^
he established in tho city of New York a United
States council ot finance, which shall consist of a
commissioner of finance at an annual salary of 
i dollars, one deputy commissioner at an annual salary
! of dollars, one auditor at an annual salary ot 
J dol'ais, aud twenty-four councilors at an annual
> salavv of dollars; all of whom shall be appointed
; bv the President, by and with the advice aud con-
! sent of the Senate. The commissioner shall be sub-
: .iect to removal from office onlv by impeachment.
' The terms ot one quarter of the councilors shall
i expire annually, and after having served two terms
I they shall be ineligible to reappointment. They
I shall be selected from men of learning and experience
; as merchants, and during theirconttnuance m office
| shall not be engaged in private business. And tho
; Secretary of the Treasurv shall presciibe a seal ot
i suitable device for the use ot snul council.
i Sl.C. 7. And b<> it further enacted. That the council
j of finance shall nominate, and, with the appi ov il of
! the Secictarv, may appoint. such_ number of ciciks
j and other assistants, and to be paid at such lates as
I the Secretary ol theTieasurj may establish ; and the
j amount necessary tor the pa ynient, of t he a lit hoi i/cd
! salaries and the other expenses of the council, to he \
• expended with the approval ot lhe Secret irv of the
! Trea^urv, is hereby appiopiiaied liom any money m
j the Treasmy not otherwise appiopnated.
I SlvC. 8. And be it Jnither ftinttd. That it shall be
: the duty ot fie count 11 ot tin.nice to < st abhsh jumt ly
! with the Seeietaiy of the Tieasury the^ inn es-an
i ules and regulation-, foi the pi oper conduct ol the
i buMnc-s devolved upon it; which the Seeietaiy ot
thcTieasuiv shall report to (Ninfie^s at the com-
mencement of evei y session; to keep tull and truei ec-
omI> ol its proceedings; to loan, dailv, upon piopei |
security any inonej' hi the custody of the Assistant .
Treasurer, including national bank b dancer and
individual deposits in the ewv of New Yoik not re-
quired ior the payment ot the lawful demands on
that day upon the funds in his hand", including all
moneys dei tved under the provisions ot I he first, r ee-
ond, and fillh sections of this act: Pi ovidt-d. That no
loans shall bo made upon the sceunty^ot the coin
notes authorr/ed by this act. United Stares note-,
fractional eui rency, postage or other >t,imps, national
bank currencv. or the cnculating notes ot any bank
or banker, and ior a 11 such loans interest shall be paid
I at such rates as the council of finance shall detenn-
' me, not exceeding the maiket rates on the day the
| loan is made. There shall at all times bt>i etaincd in
t he office ot the A-sistant Treasui or m New York not
less than ^Vo.OOO.UOO in jiold com, the pioperty oi the
United States. All diaUs of the Ticasiuer ot the
United States !«ued for the. payment of wauants
upon the Treasurv, and all dratts of the J>ostma^tor
General issued upon nionev lor the u-e oi the Po-t
Office Uepai t ment, sha U be transmit ted to the coun-
■ c11 ot finance m the city of New Yoik, whicii shall
: designate ttie place <d payment and the Assistant
. Ti easiuer or tinted States dci>o-itai y, who shall pay
1 the same. The powei ofdi'*ev Urig translers ot public
I money trom one, branch of the Treasury to another
shall be cxeteised by the council ot finance only,
j whose oi dei s in thisre^pc^t shall be implicitly obs \ cd
: by all otlicerscharced with the leception, ^ale-keep-
i mg, transfer, and disbursement of The publicmoncv.
i Tne council shall dcsignatcsuch points m t'-ie United
i States as icquiie, in their .iudsuit nt, the e^tabh.-h-
i ment of additional depositones ol the public money.
I and in addition to the powers conferred by theactof
j August 6, 1840, and tho acts supplemental thereto,
j upon tho Secreloiy of the Trea-uiy to designate cer-
! tain officers of the United States as depositaries of
I the public money, the President mov, upon the tveom-
| mcndation of the council, concurred in by tlie Secre-
: taiy ot the Trcasuiy, nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate appoint, an adui-
j tional number of Assistant Treasurers, such as are
i piovided ior by the act of August 6. 1816, either at
! places wheie United States designated depositories
: are now located or at other points or places, as the
I public mteiests may require.
• 1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to
| this bill, in my judgment it will peipctuato
' the povvtr and the exibtence of the Keijubhc.m
, pni'iy for twenty yeais. It wsli give pecuiily to
] your national obligations. It will mtike hug-
: land tiemble for her portion, and in the end
. draw from her her ljubt population. It will
restore your flag to the oeeun. It will double
the value of your lands. It will restore quiet
to your political situation. It will put out, of
existence great bankers, great traders, great
ship-masters, great landed monopolists, great
manufacturers, great telegraph, railroad, bank-
ing, and insurance corporations, and it will
distribute thoie powers more equally among
the people. In short, it will restore productive
li capacity to vour lands and prosperity to every
branch of your industry. I move that the bill
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTIIODUCISD.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 19G) to provide Cor the location and erec-
tion of a building suitable for the post office,
the United States court, and other Government
offices in the city of Leavenworth, Kansas ;
which was read twice by its title, referred t.r>
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered tD be printed.
Mr. 1UCE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 107)
to enforce the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution and the laws of the United States,
and to restore to the State of Georgia the re-
publican government elected under its new
constitution ; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
)!>!)) for I iie relief of the heirs of General Wil-
liam (rates; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Commiitee on Militarj
Aflairs.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 200)
! relating to freedmon's hospitals; which was
read twice bv iis title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. '201)
to auihoii'/.c the payment of moneys due .J. K.
Clarke and John T. l'eabody ; which was read
twice by its title, relerred to the Commitleeou
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTEIiSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 'itC) to provide ior retrenchment, and
greater elhuiency in the diplomatic and con
sul.ir service of the United States; which w.ts
read twice by its title, and relerred to the joint,
select Committee on Uetrenchmeut.
Mr. COLL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2f i,5) gran ting lan ds to the Santa Barbara branch
of the Southern Pacific railroad, of California ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 41) granting the right of
way for the construction of a railroad from a
point at or near Portland, Oregon, to some
point west of the Cascade mountains, ill the
Territory ol Washington ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 45) for the relief ot John
M. Broome and others, the band of the twelfth
Kentucky cavalry; which was read twice by
its title. ,
Mr. SIIEUMA N. This resolution has passed
both Houses, but at different times, and has
been reported favorably by the Military Com-
mittees of both Houses. It is a^small matter,
giving relief fo a band of a Kentucky regi-
ment ; and unless someSenatorobjeets I should
like to have it disposed of now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think it had better go
to n committee.
| Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
; Hie joint, resolution was referred to the Com*
! mitfee on Military Affairs.
| Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up Senate
1 bill No. ;>. relative to Georgia.
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That re-
quires unanimous consent at- this time, the
morning business not having been concluded.
Mr. NYE. I have a resolution to oiTei;.
The PBESIDKNT^ro tempore. The intro-
duction of bills is siiil in order. ^
Mr. ROSS submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (II. U. No.
VJS) making appropriations for the current
