2&£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
arid contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations vvith
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1870; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
204) to authorize the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and Mexico ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 43, being the bill for the distribution of
bankiug circulation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object at this time,
because I wish to take up the Georgia ease.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope there will be no
contest about it. This is the first bill reported,
and 1 have given way to the tenure-of-office
bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to introduce a
bill.
Mr MOETON. I move to take from the
table House joint resolution No. 40, granting 1
the right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and i
Pacific .Railroad Company from El Paso to j
the Pacific ocean.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion can only be entertained by unanimous con-
sent, the morning business not being concluded.
Mr. KELLOGG-. 1 desire to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
order.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. :
No. l'J8) in addition to an act entitled ''An
act to relieve from legal and political disabil-
ities certain persons engaged in the late rebel-
lion," approved July 27, 1868 ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for the immediate consideration of
that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go to a committee.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is very short. The
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
will explain it.
The ^PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
tho bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Veimont understood it he would not object.
It is to correct an error in the law. Wo passed
a law on the 27th of July. 18G8, relieving cer-
tain persons from political disabilities, and the
act reads:
"That all lefral and political disabilities imposed
upon bimeon Corley, a citizen of South Carolina,"
Are.
Naming other persons ; and that is all there is
loit. I lie words " be, and thesame are hereby, i
removed" were left out by the engrossing clerk ;
so that all it says is that ail the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed on A, B, C, and there
it stops. Everybody will be willing to correct
that, certainly.
•Mr. STEWART. Let it pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the law is just
about right as it_is ; but to accommodate my
"'end from Louisiana and my friend from Illi-
nois I withdraw the objection. I would rather
have it as it is.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
(he bill, which proposes to remove all legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States by reason of participation in the
late rebellion from the persons named in an
act approved July 27, 1868, entitled "An act
to relieve from legal and political disabilities
certain persons engaged in the late rebellion."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER Off BUSINESS.
Mr EDMUNDS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 3, to enforce the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution and the laws of the
United States in the State of Georgia and to
restore to that State the republican govern-
ment selected under its new constitution. I
make this motion, and I ask the attention of
Senators to it, because I wish the Senate to
decide whether they will do anything on tho
subject of the State of Georgia or not. It is
entirely immaterial to me personally whether
anything is done about it or not, but I wish to
have the matter disposed of, as I have had some
interest in and connection with it, so that I
may go about something else if that is not to
be considered ; and I hope the Senate will de-
cide by vote whether they will consider that
subject or not.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It requires
unanimous consent at this stage to entertain
the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, because I wish
to take up another bill, and I wish to have a
deliberate vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; let us have
a vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. • The intro-
duction of bills and joitit resolutions is still in
order.
LIGHTING Of SEX ATE IIALL.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Jlesolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire into the ex- ,
pediency of^causiug the old carrier tubes over the I
llall of the Senate to bo removed, and new pipes to j
be placed wheie required with electric gas-burners 1
with lava tips, to be lighted by electricity from the j
battery now used lor lighting the Dome, Rotunda, I
and Hall of Representatives: Provided, The whole I
expense shall not exceed the sum of $6,300, to be >
paid out of the contingent fund ot the Senate. I
NATIONAL JUNCTION RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take np Sen-
ate bill No. 62, with a view to concur in the
amendments of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. R.
No. 62) to incorporate the National Junction
Railway Company. !
The Chief Clerk read the amendments, which j
were in section one, line twenty-two, after the j
word "thence," to strike out the words " by a :
tunnel through College Hillin line twenty- j
three to strike out the word "westerly" and '
insert the word "easterly," and in tlie same j
line to strike out the word "thence on page |
3, line one, to strike out the word "ten" and i
insert " twenty' in line six to strike out the L
word "ten " and insert "twentyon page 8, j|
line six, to insert before the word "railroad" jj
the word " connecting," and in the same line
to strike out the words "north or south " and
in lieu thereof to insert the words "upon the
terms specified in this section."
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in those amendments of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to consider Senate bill No. 43.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent at this stage of proceeding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there are no
further bills to be introduced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Resolutions
are still in order. If there be 110 further reso-
lutions the motion of the Senator from Ohio is
in order.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 have a resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend will
withdraw it for the present. I submit my
motion, which is now in order, to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 43) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and"redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864
Mr. Howe rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
that this bill is precisely as it passed the House
of Representatives before, and I doubt if it will
lead to any debate at all.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word to him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. That bill will certainly be
considered. It is a subject that must be con-
sidered. The bill which the Senator from
Vermont wishes to have considered will also
receive the consideration of the Senate. It is
now the morning hour, and I have in my hand
here a bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands which proposes simply to extend
the time for the completion of a certain rail-
way in Wisconsin, which, if it be not extended
before the 5th of May, will lapse.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make a suggestion
which, I think, will meet the views probably
of most Senators. I suggest that the bill which
I have proposed to take up be taken up, and
then I wiil move to postpone it until one o'clock
and make it the special order for that hour,
so that we shall not have this unseemly strug-
gle about the order of business, and in the
mean time Senators can obtain action on those
bills to which there is no objection.
Mr. HOWE. Now, let me say to the Sen-
ator that if he makes that motion the Senator
from Vermont is here to antagonize it, and
that will expend the twenty minutes between
now and one o'clock. If the Senator will
allow me just to ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to this now 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must adhere to my
motion, having got the floor after a struggle,
the necessity of which I think I should not
have been put to, because this was the first
bill reported at this session, and in the ordi-
nary order of business it ought to have been
taken up prior to the tenure-of-office bill.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will not yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not. I hope the
Senate will take up this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ftow, I wish to say some-
thing. My friend from Ohio speaks of an
"unseemly struggle." I hope he speaks for
himself and not for me. I got the floor before
he did and moved to take up the bill I named.
The Chair decided that the motion was not in
order at that time. Then my friend got the
floor and moved to take up his bill, and the
Chair decided that it was not in order, as it
was not at that time. Then some gentleman
who had a resolution withdrew it. so that it
left my friend in possession of the floor. 1 am
willing that he should characterize perform-
ances here as "unseemly" whenever he thinks
fit; but I hope he will apply it to his perform-
ances and not mine, unless it be absolutely-
necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since I have made the
motion, having got the floor, I hope my friend
will not object to it, and I will vote to take up
the Georgia case as soon as this is through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will vote to take up my
friend's bill as soon as the Georgia case is
through. I am not to be outdone in gen-
erosity. I will stand by my friend as long as
he has a dollar in the Treasury. But this to
me is a serious business. If there is any case,
iu my judgment, that requires the immediate
attention of Congress it is the subject of the
State of Georgia. It seems to me that we aie
either committing upon her a gross ouiragt- m
refusing to admit her representatives in"this
body, or else we are tolerating a state of rev-
olution down there that demands acl.tui — one
or the other. _ We ought to have the manhood
and the justice to s>*y what our position is
about it.
Now, I wish to h-ive 'In G.-n-gin bill i.ikon
up, or I wish to have the Scuat.- decide that
