266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been read in full.
I have no objection, if Senators desire, to have
it read again.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It ought to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before it is read I will
explain. The first three sections of the bill
are precisely what was agreed on by the con-
ferees of the two Houses at the last session.
The only controverted matter in the bill is the
fourth section. The fourth section provides
for a redistribution of the banking circulation
to the extent of $20,000,000. I think all of
it will come from the States of Massachusetts,
Connecticut, Rhode Island, and possibly a
small portion from New York. It also allows
banks in any of the States where they are in
excess of their proportionate circulation to
remove bodily, under certain rules and regula-
tions, to States where there is less than the
proportionate circulation.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson'] increases the
aggregate of banking circulation $50,000,000.
Instead of a limitation of $;!00,000,000, it car-
ries the limitation up to $350,000,000. That
I believe to be the state of the case. The ques-
tion has been so often discussed in the Senate
that I do not propose to discuss it any further.
The bill as it now stands is precisely as it was
agreed upon by the conferees of both Houses
on the last night of the session, but on account
of want of time it could not be acted upon
then.
Thefourth section as it now stands provides
for the withdrawal of $20,000,000 from three
or four States and the distribution of that
among the States that have the least proportion
of circulation. That, I believe, is the whole
scope of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that section be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
have the whole bill read, but the fourth section
ia all there is any contioversy about.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let thefourth section he
rend.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask that the whole bill
be read from the beginning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be reported at length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can get the attention
of the Senate, at the request of several Sen-
ators who have become members of the body
since the subject was under debate at the last
session, I will state very briefly the purport of
this bill. Although the Senators who listened
to the debate at the last session will not need
the information, still, as the bill contains sev-
eral important changes in the existing law, it
is right that all shouid understand it.
The first section of the bill is a modification
of the currency act so far as it relates to de-
posit banks. It requires in all cases deposit
banks to give security m United States bonds
equal to the amount of the deposits. Under the
present law the security is fixed by Treasury
legulations. This section fixes it by law ; so
that in no case shall the Government deposits
in a, national bank exceed the amount of secur-
ity deposited.
The second section is intended to cure an
evil that has sprung up mainly in the State of
New York, where banks organized under the
national banking system have given notice
of their intention to wind up, and have thus
relieved themselves from the restrictions and
limitations of the national banking act, but
have in fact not wound up their business, and
have got the benefit of the circulation without
any of the burdens imposed by the currency
act. It is for the purpose of compelling banks
that have given notice of their intention to
wind up to do what they give their notice to
do—to require them to redeem their notes, or
in case of a failure to redeem their notes to
authorize their bonds to be soid with a view to
canceling an equal amount of United States
notes. That is very plain.
The third section of the bill is to limit and
greatly reduce the fees allowed by the courts
to reee'vers of banks. In several cases that I
cited at the last session the fees allowed to
receivers and officers of banks by the district
courts and circuit courts of the United States
were very large indeed, much larger than they
ought to have been, thus absorbing a portion
of the money that belonged to the creditors of
the bank. The third section limits the amount
of fees to what we conceive to be a reasonable
rate. These three sections I believe have
always passed without objection, unanimously.
The fourth section presents a very difficult
problem. Under the existing distribution of
bank circulation the New England States and
the eastern States, where capital mainly accu-
mulates, have a very large excess over their
proportion of banking circulation. This was
caused by the fact that State banks had been
organized in those States, and by an amend-
ment offered by the gentleman who now occu-
pies the chair, in the summer of 1804, the exist-
ing State banks were allowed a preference in
going into the national banking system. The
result is that the distribution provided for by
the national currency act was substantially de-
feated ; and the State banks being very numer-
ous in the older States, they went into the
national banking system, and thus absorbed the
banking capital, leaving none for the western
and southern States as the rebellion was sub-
dued. The result is, as will appear from the
table which I have before me and which Sen-
ators can find in the report of the Comptroller
of the Currency at the last session of Congress,
that the distribution of banking circulation is
very grossly disproportionate. In Massachu-
setts I believe it is some fifty-four dollars an
inhabitant; in Rhode Island about sixty dol-
lars an inhabitant ; in Connecticut some" forty
or fifty dollars an inhabitant; while in some
of the States it is less than one dollar, and in
the State of Illinois, a very prosperous and
thriving community, it is only three or four
dollars. The result is that great complaint
exists on account of the disproportion of cir-
culation. As business revives in the South
there is a necessity for establishing new banks,
some kind of banking system ; but the amount
of $800,000,000 having already been exhausted
no banks can be started in those States. Con-
sequently complaint is made all over the coun-
try of this want of a fair distribution.
Various plans have been proposed and dis-
cussed from time to time to relieve this diffi-
culty ; and finally, the fourth section of the bill,
as reported from the Committee on Finance
at the last session, we thought was the most
equitable to provide a general rule by which
one half of the circulation should be distrib-
uted according to population, and the other
half according to wealth and property, and to
require that redistribution to be made grad-
ually. This section confines the redistribution
within one year to $20,000,000 upon certain
rules that are fixed by the section.
The next section authorizes the existing
banks in any of the older States where they
have an excess of banking circulation to re-
move themselves bodily with their capital and
circulation to the southern or western States
that have less than their proportion. There
are many banks within my knowledge in New
England and in New York, and perhapk some
in Ohio, that will avail themselves of the priv-
ilege of this section to' remove from their
present location to the South and West, thus
supplying to some extent the want that is com-
plained of; while the $20,000,000 withdrawn
from circulation according to the mode pro-
vided by this bill will be withdrawn from those
States having the largest excess of circulation
in proportion to the rule prescribed here, and
that also will be made up by banks to be estab-
lished hereafter in the South and extreme West.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Withthepermissionofthe
Senator, I will ask him whetherthe $20,000,000
to bo taken from the States mentioned by him
is to be transferred to the States and Terri-
tories contemplated in the remarks he now
makes ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; section five of
the bill, as reported by the Committee on Pi-
nance, expressly authorizes it, as the Senator
will see by referring to it:
That any banlcinpr association located in any State
having more than its proportion of circulation inny
be removed to any State having less than its propor-
tion of circulation, undersuch rules and regulations
as the Comptroller of the Currency, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, may require.
So that in one of these two modes, first, by
withdrawing $20,000,000 of the circulation and
establishing new banks in the South and West,
and second, by removing bodily, upon the
application of the banks themselves, banks
from the East to the South and West, we pro-
cure a partial redistribution of the banking
circulation.
Mr. ABBOTT. Is that included in the
$20,000,000?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Senator if tlfere
is any provision of law that will enable the
banks to which he has referred to transfer
themselves to the localities of which he has
spoken ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be done upon their
application, and under such rules and regula-
tions as the Comptroller of the Currency may
prescribe. _I have no doubt it will be a very
easy process. Indeed, there are several appli-
cations now on your files by banks to remove
from one place to another; but we always re-
fused to grant the privilege on the ground that
it was a special favor, and that when that priv-
ilege was granted it ought to be granted by a
general law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask a question
for information, if the Senator will permit me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In moving this $20,000,-
000, taking it from the States that have more
than their proportion, how is it to be taken
from the respective banks in the particular
States? Suppose, for the sake of argument,
that the State of Massachusetts has fifty banks
with $50,000,000 of capital scattered ail over
the State in various sections. Which one of
those banksis to give up its circulation or what
proportion of it, or on what principle is the
withdrawal to be effected ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will find that
question very clearly answered in the section
itself. It is to be pro rata. Suppose after
making the statemeutprovided for by thefourth
section it becomes necessary to withdraw from
the banks in the State of Massachusetts ten
per cent, of their circulation, it is done pro
rata ten per cent, upon the circulation issued
by the different, banks.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the committee if he has made any
calculation and has ascertained what amount
will be given to a given State; what amount
to South Carolina; what amount to North
Carolina, and so ou under this $20,000,000
provision ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very difficult for mo
to state that, because some of the States have
more and some less. I could not. tell how much
would be given to South Carolina, because I
do not know how much South Carolina already
has; but as near as I can gather, it will give
approaching five dollars to each inhabitant, in
each State; although I would not be certain
about that, because we cannot tell how much
would be withdrawn under the fifth section by
banks removing bodily. My own impression
is, it will give to the South and West all the
banking circulation and capital they can absoib
within one or iwo years; audi suppose that
at the end of that li-ne we shall probably
establish a free banking system. I have no
doubt that as soon as we resume specie pay-
ments a free bankingsystem will be established,
which will avoid all this controversy about dis-
tributing banking circulation.
There is only one further point to which I
wish to call the attention of the Senate ; and
that is, to assure thein that in my judgment
and the judgment of the Committee on Finance
it is not wise now to make a more radical
measure than this. At the last session a prop-
osition to redistribute the entire banking cir-
