268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
try it is in the larger cities. The country does
not need to be depleted. If the distribution
of the existing capital is to be made in the
southern and western States, it ought to be
taken from those places which have this ex-
travagant excess as compared with former
times. I believe that there can be no valid
objection raised to the proposition which I
make. I send to the Clerk's desk the amend-
ments which I propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment now pending—that offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to perfect the
text of the section before the question is taken
on striking it out, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes to do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In that
view it is now in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, to amend
the fourth section by inserting after the word
"banks," in line twenty-five, the words "hav-
ing a capital exceeding $100,000."
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment has been
thoughlofand discussed before. It was offered
in committee at the last session, but I am not
sure whether it was offered in the Senate or
not. It confines the withdrawal of the circu-
lation to banks exceeding $100,000of capital.
I can see no reason why a strong bank with
$200,000 capital should be discriminated
against in favor of a small bank with $50,000
capital. One object of the currency act was
to discourage these very small banks. Unless
the Senate can see some good reason why the
rule should apply to a large bank and not to a
small one the amendment ought not to prevail.
It seems to me that if we are going to apply
this reduction it ought to be done by one uni-
form rule applicable to banks of all kinds,
conditions, and degrees. The Committee on
Finance considered various plans to make a
discrimination between banks of large capital,
and therefore large circulation, and banks of
a small capital and small circulation. We
found we could apply no such rule which would
be just or equitable. If by this withdrawal
you take from a bank having $50,000 circula-
J tion only three or four thousand dollars it
would be easier for that bank to withdraw that
amount than for a bank with $500,000 to with-
draw $50,000. There is no reason why the
same rule should not apply to one as to the
other. I would prefer to see whatever rule is
adopted applied equally to all banks without
regard to their capital and without regard to
their former State bank circulation.
The second amendment suggested by the
Senator from Vermont proposes to introduce
as an element into this computation the former
State bank circulation in cities. The effect of
that undoubtedly would be to withdraw more
from the city of New York than would be done
otherwise, because New York under the pres-
ent system has largely increased its circulation.
But such a rule as this is not of universal ap-
plication, because in Illinois they had no State
bank circulation when the national currency i
act^went into effect. It so happened that in
1857 all their banks broke up and they had no
State banks, and other States had none. I
Therefore the rule proposed would be a rule
applicable only to the condition of things in
iNew York city and other large cities. I do
not see any object in changing or varying the
rule, or referring to the state of the banking
circulation before the national bank act took
effect. It is better, in njy judgment, to adopt
a rule and apply it to all cases, all banks, and
all sections alike. The Senator, no doubt, can
give some reason why a bank with a small cir-
culation, doing a small business in a country
neighborhood, ought not to be affected by the
rule, but after all, when you come to apply it,
I cannot see any weight in it.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps New York illus-
trates this ease as well as any State in the
Union. There, under the natioual banking
act, the rural districts have not increased their
calculation more than five or six million dol-
lars, while the city of I\e« Yoik has increased
its circulation by the amount of over twenty-
nine million dollars. The amount of banking
capital in the State of New York has not in-
creased more than about four million dollars,
and that was done in order to obtain a circu-
lation. Now, to come down upon the rural
districts of New York and make them contrib-
ute one third or one half of this whole amount
of reduction, when the excess really exists in
the city, is to me entirely unjust. Besides, I
do not believe that the Senate is in favor of
making these small banks still smaller. We
chartered banks with a capital of fifty, seventy-
five, or one hundred thousand dollars all over
the country in the rural districts. Now, if a
requisition should be made upon them for a
portion of their circulation it would create
greater distress in the rural farming districts
if they should be called upon to pay up this
capital in order that it might be distributed
than it would if the withdrawal should be con-
fined to the larger cities. I trust the first
amendment which I have proposed will be
adopted
_ Mr. CORBBTT. There seems to be con-
siderable difficulty in withdrawing the circu-
lation as proposed by the committee under
the fourth section of the bill. It seems to
me that the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts to increase the banking capital
$50,000,000, that that may be distributed
through the southern aud western States, will
be of much greater advantage to those States
than the $20,000,000 proposed by the bill.
The excess of legal tenders that are being
locked up in the city of New York and other
large cities would be retired ; national bank
bills would be substituted therefor, and they
would be distributed and made local through
the southern and western States; whereas now
the legal tenders flow to the center and to the
large cities. It seems to me that the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts to
retire $50,000,000 of legal tenders gradually as
it should become necessary, in order to estab-
lish new banks, is wise. As propositions are
made for new banks the Secretary of the
Treasury, as I understand, will be authorized
to retire this amount of legal tenders and estab-
lish these new banks. It seems to me that the
difficulty in withdrawing bank circulation from
the eastern States in such a manner as to be
equitable and just to all, considering the cap-
ital and the wants of the country, is a difficulty
that we cannot very well ignore. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
think, can well be substituted, and it can be
put in practice with a great deal more ease and
less distress to that section of the country and
furnish a greater relief to the West and to the
South. Therefore I shall favor the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, believing that to be the best.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from !
Vermont. [
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 15, noes 20.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I think this is an important amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nearly one half of the
banking capital of the country, as well as I
recollect generally without having the docu-
ments before me, is in banks of $100,000 capi-
tal and under. The number of banks with
$100,000 capital is greater than with any other
capital, because that is the ordinary capital of
most banks. My recollection is, though I do
not speak with accuracy as to details, that there
are more banks with a capital of $100,000 than
of all other kinds put together.
Mr. MORRILL. Not in amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps not in amount,
but in number. This amendment will exempt
from the operation of the section all banks of
$100,000 capital and less. The result would
be that the whole $20,000,000 would come from
the best banks of the country.  
_ If this amendment is adopted I wish it dis-
tinctly understood that my statement iu regard
to the number of States that will be affected
by the bill will not be correct, because, as a
matter of course, if you confine the operation
of the reduction to a fewer number of bunks
in order to get the $20,000,000 you must go
through a greater number of States. Senators
must reflect upon that, and consider that when
they limit the basis of this reduction they ex-
tend it to a larger number of States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So that instead of
taking the circulation from States that have a
large surplus it will take it from States that
have a small one.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take, for instance,
from the State of Illinois, where they complain
of a want of bank capital. They have many
large banks in Illinois, and we have some in
Ohio. The very best banks we have are banks
of large circulation; and if you exclude from
sharing in this arrangement all the small banks
of $100,000 capital and under, as a matter of
course it extends to a greater number of States
and a greater number of large banks in the
different States.
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised, really,
that anybody in favor of the present system
of banking in this country should object to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont. At the beginning of this system the
Secretary of the Treasury had his agents all
over the country persuading the people to
adopt his banking scheme. All over the coun-
try poor women, poor men, soldiers with
small sums, were persuaded to put their little
savings into these small banks of $50,000 and
$100,000 capital. A small bank accommo-
dates a larger district of country than a great
one. ^ The banks of large capital are only in
the cities. The small banks are just as safe,
because all rest on the same security. The
security of all is the bonds of the Government,,
and no one can be safer than another. But
the small banks accommodate the interior of
the country, and each one of them a large
space, while a large bank only serves a clique
in the large cities, like New York. There a
broker keeps his account with the particular
bank by which he can make the largest amount
possible. I believe there is one bank in New-
York with a capital of $10,000,000, and in
other large cities there are banks with a cap-
ital of several millions. To take ten per cent,
from their circulation would hardly be felt by
them. It would not interfere with their busi-
ness nor with their power to serve the public.
To withdraw the same percentage from a small
country bank would destroy it at once. Take
a bank with a capital of $50,000 ; withdraw
from it $10,000 of its circulation and it will be
crippled very much. The country bank makes
its profit upon its circulation ; the city bank
makes its profit upon the deposits and the large
capital which it induces people to deposit
with if.
The directors of the banks in New York and
Philadelphia and Boston will tell you that they
do not care about circulation, except that upoii
the bonds that they deposit for it they can
make a larger profit, than they could in any
other way by lending the currency they get to
the brokers.
I repeat that I am astonished that any gen-
tleman should desire to reduce further the
banks of small capital for the purpose of bene-
fiting the large banks.
The question being taken by yeas and navs,
enlf-nri yeas 23, nays 38 ; as follows : "
resulted-
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Conklmr, Corbctr. Crasrio, Edmunds Ten-
ton, terry, Ilamlin, Howe, jMorriU, Jfattorson, Pool
Pratt, Boss, bpraguo, Stewart, Sumner, Tumi bull
William;-, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Borcman.C.irpen-
ter, Oasserly, Cattell, Chandler, Cote. Davis Drake
iesaendeii Eowler, Gilbert, Grimes, Harlan, Hruna!
Howard, Kellogg, AlcCWry, McDonald. Norton
glj'e. Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson'
bawyer, Schurz, Sherman, .Spencer, Thayer Thuc-
Y-tekere.Wai f'f1% and YuW-nS.
AJJbLjN I—Messrs. Hamilton, Morton, SauUburv,
bcott, anu Stockton—5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I mote to insert after the
