270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
The South need an increase of their banking
capital. Under this system of banking, by
which bonds are to be deposited to an amount
ten per cent, greater than the amount of cur-
rency issued, there must fir§£ be an expendi-
ture, taking in view the premium on bonds, of
at least twenty-live per cent, greater than the
amount of currency they actually get back.
Hence it is their interest and it is the interest
of the West, so far as it can be effected with-
out violence, without derangement of business,
without producing trouble, to have a transfer
of banking capital from the East to the South
and West. 1 believe that if such a provision
be made it will be readily seized on the part
of many bankers in eastern States to transfer
their capital to the West and to the South.
Mr. HOWE. This proposition before the
Senate, if I understand il, is eousin-german,
and only eousin-german, to an idea which I
have had in my bead a good while. It is very
much like the measure which I have supposed
was the first step to the adjustment of our
Snancial difficulties. I am not sure that I
understand it, but I am inclined to think that
I cannot vote either for the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts or the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana, which simply
is a difference in amount; and yet I think I
should vote for a proposition which offered to
the people of this country the right to fund
every dollar of your greenbacks now in circu-
lation at once, giving the preference only to
those who wished to use the bonds, into which
the greenbacks are funded, as the basis for a
new bank circulation in those portions of the
country which have now less than their quota,
[f that was the proposition before the Senate
1 should vote for it, I think, unless somebody
'ihould point out to me an objection to it that
[ have not been able to discover by my own
reflections on the subject.
I believe, conscientiously, that the radical
difficulty in our case is not the amount of our
debt, but the character of the debt. I believe
it is pretty embarrassing to pay the interest on
the funded debt; but, alterall, I do not believe
that the collection of that interest or the exist-
ence of that debt injures American business
so much to-day as the existence of the debt
which does not bear interest. I think that
deranges ouraffairs mostar.d injures our credit
most, and I have supposed that the very first
sensible and judicious step we could take would
be some measure calculated to get that out of
the way. We have had two or three measures
proposed to us, but I could not see the practi-
cability of either of them. The greenbacks are
not propei ty; they are debts, unless I have
mistaken their character very much. They are
something we owe; and not only that, but the
debt is a dishonored one; it is a discredited
debt; it is a promise to pay money, and it is a
promise that is violated, and, it seems to me,
unnecessary violated. If that is the case I
' think the Government ought to get it out of
the way. How? You cannot pay these green-
backs. I notice the expression in the amend-
ment that when a certain portion is added to
the bank circulation now out there shall be
retired a proportionate amount of greenbacks.
How retired? The Government does not own
the greenbacks.
Mr. WILSON. They can be funded.
Mr, HOWE. If it liad said that I should
have known what was meant; but when the
expression is used, there shall be retired so
much, I can conceive of but one mode in which
the Government could get the right to retire,
and that would be by taxing the people so as
to collect them. The only way the Govern-
ment has to get in money is by taxation or by
loan.
Mr. WILSON. When they come in they can
be canceled.
Mr. HOWE. That is simply using money
collected by taxation m this way: that is, de-
stroying money or what is taken as money from
the people, and which is paid to the people as
money. That is taking it and destroying it
when taxation should be employed only to gut
those means from the people that the Govern-
ment wants for its use, for its disbursements.
If the Senator means by that expression simplv
the funding of the notes, then I think he will
have to change the phraseology, for, I take it,
that expression would not authorize the issu-
ing of any new bonds. The Government would
have to find the notes by taxation, and so destroy
them.
Borrowing and taxing are the only two ways
that I know of that the Government has to get
money. I think that the Government should
borrow the means to retire these greenbacks.
That is what I do when I owe a debt that I
cannot pay. I borrow money with which to
pay it if I can. Every honest debtor does as
I understand, and I do not see why the Gov-
ernment, if it means to play the part of an
honest debtor, should not do the same thing.
We issued them because we could not borrow
money. If we could have borrowed money, or
anything that was a fair substitute for money,
I take it there never wouid have been a dollar
of this paper out. It was my judgment in the
beginning, and I said so, that there never ought
to be a dollar of Government paper, of Treas-
ury notes, issued when the Government could
borrow a dollar. I think that it is a mistake
that the Government ever departed from that
policy. The first issues were made upon that
theory. Every dollar that was issued the holder
was allowed to fund at his pleasure. Subse-
quently we departed from that policy, so that
now it happens that it takes about one hundred
and sixteen dollars of your promises which do
not bear interest to buy $100 of your promises
which do bear interest. If that was to be said
of any individual debtor it would be regarded
as dishonest. Every man and every corpora-
tion when it owes a debt which it cannot pay
ought to be willing to pay interest for deferring
the debt.
Here is a proposition which proposes, as it
is now explained to me, to remedy this state
of things in part; that is to allow parties to
fund $100,000,000, and for the bonds to be
used as the basis of new bank circulation. One
would suppose that that tender to correct this
evil of which I complain, and yet 1 am in-
clined to think the Senator from Rhode Island
is entirely correct when he says that this of
itself would not do anybody any good. Why
would it not do anybody any good ? It is true
it would diminish the amount of greenbacks.
Mr. SPRAGCJE. It will do the owners of
the banks good.
Mr. HOWE. Precisely. It would not do
anybody good but the owners of stock in the
banks. 1 am inclined to think that is correct,
because it would still leave a paper circulation,
which is the medium of redemption, the medium
for redeeming the bank circulation. That
would still be left, and that medium would be
about half of the whole paper circulation of
the country; but banking would still be a
monopoly and a mere gratuity. The people
would get no compensation for this whatever.
Banking would be a monopoly as it is now.
And you are still today exercising this most
delicate power that I ever knew a Government
to undertake to exercise in the world, and that
is to tell who may and who may not make bank
paper ; not merely saying upon what condi-
tions men may circulate paper as money—that
is a thing dene by Governments everywhere,
always, and perfectly legitimate—but when the
Government has specified the conditions upon
which one man or one set of men may issue
paper as money I insist upon it that the Gov-
ernment ought to allow everybody to issue
paper upon those terms. That cannot be the
case now while this bankrupt Treasury is in
the market doing a part of the banking busi-
ness ; and it cannot be done when you allow
only $100,000,000 of Treasury notes to be re-
tired. Banking will still be a monopoly. It
will still be a special privilege to be granted to
some people and to be denied to others. There
is no compensation about it.
Bat you give everybody the privilege of fund-
ing the ga eiibacks, restricting the use o* the
bonds to be received for them to banking pur-
poses in those portions of the country which
have now less than their quota, and you cor-
rect the evil at once. Banking is no more a
monopoly. It is a privilege in which every one
has an.equal right to participate. And then
you will have a paper circulation issued, not
by a bankrupt, but by capitalists. You will
have somebody responsible for the redemption
of it; and you will have the capital 'which is
invested in these banks responsible for the
redemption of every dollar of it on 'demand,
and in specie. That, I take it, they would be
quite equal to doing. That the Governmentcan
redeem its paper on demand, with its present
reserve of specie, or any conceivable reserve
of specie in the Treasury, I do not believe.
In spite of all the discussion I have heard on
this subject., my deliberate judgment is that
this Government is absolutely incapable of
keeping out a paper circulation, though it may
start with a dollar of coin in the Treasury for
every dollar of paper it has afloat. Of course,
upon that condition it could redeem all its
paper once, but it could not keep out that
paper circulation. I do not think the Govern-
ment can ever pay this paper in coin. I think
it can borrow the money in the way I have
suggested. I think honesty requires it to bor-
row it. If the proposition before us was to
allow everybody this privilege of converting I
would vote for it. But I do not think I can
vote for this new special license, to be distrib-
uted by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
which authorizes a few men to convert their
greenbacks into bonds and to use them in this
privileged way of banking.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I think
the Senator from Wisconsin is in error in one
thing. Currency is capital. It has not merely
an exchange value ; it is capital with which
the people do their business as much as bonds
or as much as bank capital. Its condition is
the same to my mind as the five-twenty bonds
that have run the five years, when it is at the
option of the Government to redeem them or
pay them if it pleases. It is the option of the
Government to fund or to pay the legal tender
notes on the same principle, as it seems to me,
and on no other, than that of the five-twenty
bonds. The relation that the legal tendercur-
rency stands to business is this, and it is only
this, in my judgment: it has an established
value to-day and it has another value to-mor-
row. If it had a fixed value on which the
people could do their business to day, antici-
pating what it would be six months from to-
day, it would be just as good as a gold stand
ard. There is this mistake in the effort to
separate the currency from bonds or from any
other bankable securities. They are all capi-
tal on which and with which people transact
their business.
The'PRESlDTMG OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment proposed by iho
Senator from Louisiana to the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this is a very simple proposition. It
is proposed by the Committee on Finance to
equalize banking circulation by withdrawing
$20,000,000 of banking circulation from Mas
sachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut
and giving that circulation to the southern and
western States. It does not propose to in-
crease the amountof circulation or to diminish
it, but simply to change the basis. That is u
plain proposition. I think that the southern
and western States need this §20,000,000, and
ought to have it; but I maintain that to take
from the States of Massachusetts, Rhode Isl-
and, and Connecticut this $20,000,000 of bank-
ing circulation during the coming year will be
oppressive to the business interests of the pco-
1 pie of those States; and I maintain, further,
that there is no need of oppressing them. My
proposition is simply this: to withdraw
$50,000,000 of greenbacks and to issue
$50,000,000 of banking currency to the south-
ern and western States, or to the States that
need it the most. That plan will injure no-
