1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
body; it will not increase the circulation ; it
will not diminish it; it will leave it precisely
as it is; but wc will have $50,000,000 less of
greenbacks and $50,000,000 more of bank cir-
culation. I think the proposition is fair and
just. Some question has been raised about
retiring this $50,000,000 of greenbacks. I do
not see any difficulty in that.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. Where is the money
to come from to retire them?
Mr. WILSON. In the first place, you can
retire them if you have the money in the Treas-
ury. Ihere would be no difficulty about it if
you had $50,000,000 of surplus in the Treas-
ury. If we honestly collect the revenue and
keep expenditures within the appropriations
we shall have more than $50,000,000 over ex-
penditures. We shall have about two hundred
million dollars this year in gold. The import-
ations so far are twenty-five per cent, larger
than they were last year, and the business of
the country during this year is to be very great
if we have good crops. We can redeem your
greenbacks if we have the money in the
Treasury from taxation. We can retire this
§50,000,000 by issuing, in part or in whole,
bonds for them; and I wish every dollar of
them could be retired.
Mr. SHERMAN. What kind of bonds would
you issue?
Mr. WILSON. Ten-forty bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment, I hope he
will not introduce that troublesome topic into
this discussion. The amendment he proposes
lias nothing to do with that question. lie pro-
poses to drag into this debute the question of
issuing more bonds.
Mr. WILSON. It has been dragged in by
other Senators.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course
we have no means of retiring these notes ex-
cept by issuing bonds. What kind of bonds ?
There we shall have a discussion which will
last for days. Shall they be ten-forty bonds ?
Shall they be taxed ? What amount of inter-
est shall be paid upon them? When shall
they mature ? It would bring up the whole
question of the funding system, the whole ques-
tion of the greenback currency and circulation.
As a matter of course it would be utterly idle
for us to attempt to pass such a proposition as
that. If the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts should be adopted—I did not
suppose he would press it to a vote—we should
have to stop right there and provide the Kind
of bonds that would have to be issued; we
should have to give the Secretary of the Tieas
ury authority to issue those bonds, and pre-
scribe their kind, manner, and character. As
a matter of course that would end this bill. 1
trust, therefore, the Senator will allow the bill
to stand simply as a regulation of the banking
currency. The very moment you drag into it
the difficult question of retiring greenbacks
and issuing more bonds that is the end of all
hope of passing the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to drag this
matter of bonds into the debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was dragged in by
your amendment.
Mr. WILSON. It was dragged in by the
bill. Instead of acting like wise legislators,
as 1 think we should, instead of doing what is
right and just, we propose simply to strike a
hard and heavy blow at one portion of the
people of the country to relieve another por-
tion. Because demagogues have howled about
greenbacks and about bonds we shirk our duty.
I had hoped we were above being frightened
by the cries of demagogism. I wish we had
a free banking system, and if we had specie
payments I suppose we would all agree in that
proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not suppose that I
understand this amendment, because my inter-
pretation of it is altogether different lrom that
of the Senator from Massachusetts, or any
oi her Senator. I do not see that it proposes
to retire any considerable number of green-
backs, notwithstanding it proposes to increase
the bank circulation $50,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. He has changed that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Section two of this amend-
ment provides 
Mr. WILSON. It has been changed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How?
Mr. WILSON. It has been modified by in-
serting "$305,000,000" instead of "$350,000,-
000" in line seven of the second section ; and
"$650,000,000" for "$700,000,000" inline
three. Instead of $700,000,000 of circulation
it is $050,000,000, there being $300,000,000
of bank circulation and $850,000,000 of green-
backs, making an aggregate of $050,000,000.
Now it is proposed to have $300,000,000 of
greenbacks and $350,000,000 of bank circula-
tion. That is the modification made in the
amendment I propose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was not aware that
there was any modification in it. I could not
sec how this proposition as it stands printed
contemplated any considerable reduction of
the greenbacks in the country.
While I am on the floor, Mr. President, I
will make a remark or two in reference to the
fourth section of this bill. When the question
was before the Senate during the last session
I stated that 1 was opposed to this plan of
equalizing the currency in the country. I am
in favor of free banking, and that is the policy
that we ought to adopt, providing sufficient,
guards for the, protection of the people; butl
am utterly opposed to this attempt, by an arbi-
traiy act of legislation to niterfeie with and dis-
turb the business of this country by undertaking
to transfer by operation of law $20,000,000
of circulation from one part of the country
to another part of the country. No man can
undertake to tell what disturbances that change
will produce in the businessof the country, and
T am opposed, steadily and generally, to any
interference with the business of the country
by legislation. I believe that more, mischief'
than good is produced in that way. Some
legislation, of course, is necessary to regulate
and control the business of the country, but
as a general rule it is unwise for Congress to
undertake to control the trade, business, and
commerce of this country by arbitrary rules of
legislation.
There is a provision in this bill which I favor,
and which will go far, as it seems to me, to
meet the exigencies of the ca e ; and that is,
that if a bank in the State of Massachusetts
finds it more profitable to engage in business
in the Slate of South Carolinait may be allowed
to transfer itself from the State of Massachu-
setts to the Slate of South Carolina, lively
bank m the State of Massachusetts and every
bank in the State of New York, it so disposed,
can transfer itself in that way ; and so the
banking business of the country will go where
it is demanded, and it will go according to the
rules of trade and business, and not in pursu-
ance of an arbitrary act of Congress.
It is complained here by Senators from
the southern States that they have an insuffi-
ciency of circulation, and I have no doubt that
the statement is entirely correct; and they
claim that they are entitled to a certain por-
tion of the circulation now held by Massachu-
setts and the New England States; that they
are entitled to an equalization of this currency.
Sir, the southern States were in rebellion
against the Government; they were not in a
condition to receive this circulation at the tune
it was issued by the Government; but in order
to aid the Government in suppressing the re-
bellion the people of the northern and eastern
States gave up their State banks and adopted
the banking system proposed by the Federal
Government, and so became possessed of this
circulation ; and now it is claimed, because
the rebellion is suppressed, that Congress must
interfere, and by an arbitrary act of legislation
take away the circulation from those States
and transfer it to the southern States.
Sir, I believe in legislation for the relief of
I he southern States. I am willing to favor.
and have advocated, a system of free banking'
by which men of capital in the State of South
Carolina can go and procure the necessary
bonds, if they have the means, and engage in
the business of banking ; and so a sufficiency
of circulation be obtained for that section of
the country, or for any other section of the
country. 1 favor the section in the bill which
allows banks to be removed from one portion
of the country to another as the necessities of
business may require. But, sir, it 13 impossi-
ble for me to see the propriety or justice of
this proposition. If this bill passes, the banks
111 these three or four States must necessarily
commence collecting their debts, and within
one year the debtors in those States to those
banks will be forced to make payment, no mat-
ter what may be their circumstances or means,
so that those banks can meet the requirements
of this bill and pay over to the Government
this amount of money to be transferred to the
southern States. I believe it will produce a
disastrous derangement, of business in that sec-
tion of the country ; I believe it will be unjust
and oppressive upon those people ; and there-
fore I am opposed to that portion of the bill,
or to any other pl<m of a like nature, by which
Congress undertakes to say that money in cir-
culation in the State of Massachusetts shall
by force of law circulate 111 South Carolina.
Jf the business of South Carolina requires
this circulation I do not see why it may not
go there. When the people of Louisiana have
cotton to sell that cotton will command money,
and men will lake the money and go there and
buy the cotton. It makes 110 ddiVreuce whether
the banks that issue this circulation are located
in New York or in Massachusetts; when tho
money is paid out in Louisiana for the cotton
the money is there. The man who raises tho
cotton gi-1 s the money, and lie pays it to the man
who furnishes labor and the other necessary
materials for the cultivation of the cotton.
This busiimss of the circulation of the conn-
fry ought ro be controlled, in ray judgment, as
far as practicable, by the laws o! trade, and
every interference by Congress only makes the
matter worse. The less legislation that Con-
gress enacts at this lime proposing to interfere
with the business of men in this country the
better for the country, in iny humble judgment.
There is more danger of too much legislation
than of too little 011 this subject. Let the busi-
ness of the country regulate itself; give it freo
scope and verge enough, and these hardships
of which people now complain will be reme-
died in time. Nobody could expect the people
of the southern States, after their experience of
the last, four years, to find themselves in that
flourishing condition in which the States of tho
North found themselves at the end of the war.
Are we to undertake to remedy all the evils
that have grown out of the condition of things
in the southern States for the last four years
by arbitrary acts of legislation, by saying to
the State of Massachusetts, "It is true that
during this war you flourished more, you ob-
tained more capita], more money than the
State of South Carolina, but now that the war
is over we will take it away from you by law
and give it to the State of South Carolina? "
Is there any reason or sense in such a propo-
sition as that?
Mr. President, I am not much of a financier,
but this appears to mo to be a common-sense
view of this subject. I cannot and have never
been able to see the propriety of such a prop-
osition. So far as I am concerned I shall vote
against any such plan of equalizing the cur-
rency.
Mr. SPUAGUE. I desire to explain the
exact effect of this proposition. The effect is
upon $00,000,000, and it is in this wise: in the
first place, $"20,000,000 of bonds are sold for
greenbacks, and those $20,000,000 of green-
backs are retired into the Treasury, 'lhat
affects the relations of $20,000,000 of green-
backs to the business of the country. Then
these $20,000,000 of greenbacks are to cancel
$20,000,000 of national currency. The pros-
