212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
ent relations of those $20,000,000 to business
arealsodisturbed. Then there are $20,000,000
to be reissued for the banks in the South, and
they are to form new relations with business ;
so that in effect the consequence of this act
disturbs the relations of capital to business to
the extent of $60,000,000. Besides that it dis-
turbs the condition of the market—in the first
place by the sale of the $20,000,000 put upon
the market—and will, of course, to a certain
extent embarrass the market. Then it will add
to the trading by purchase of the $20,000,000
in addition. That is the exact situation in
which this bill will place the business interests
of the country, disturbing $60,000,000 of its
capital.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator how far it will produce another
effect; and that is, effectually, for a portion of
the time, prevent the use, by this disturbance
of business, of northern capital and eastern
capital in the South itself? What will be the
ability of the North, in consequence of the
derangement produced by this mode of action,
to furnish capital for the use of the South,
which is needed so much ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The South will not get a
dollar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not get a dollar
of what it might otherwise get, for this action,
by (he derangement of business, destroys the
ability to give it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The effect upon the South
will be just this: if all this $20,000,000 were
to come off the people of Rhode Island they
would transfer that banking capital to South
Carolina, and they would do the Rhode Island''
business, their manufacturing business, in
South Carolina. They can do it just as well
in South Carolina as they can do it now in
Providence, Rhode Island; and the banks of
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecti-
cut, being controlled and owned by the man-
ufacturing and other interests of those States,
would certainly pursue that course, it being
for the interest of the stockholders; so that in
effect the interest of the South would not be
at all promoted by the operations of this act.
The capital of these banks in Rhode Island,
Connecticut, and Massachusetts is owned by
perhaps twenty thousand people. They re-
ceive additional income in consequence of the
interest which they derive from the loan of
circulation and the interest they derive from
their bonds. If the condition is not as I have
described it, if the ten per cent., or whatever
amount it is, is really transferred to new oper-
ations, the interest of it is transferred from
twenty thousand people—I estimate thein at
that number—to a very limited number; for
the South very well understand that these
banks will be owned by very few people in
consequence of the inability of most of the
people there to hold the stock. It is, there-
fore, in effect transferring a certain interest
derived from currency from twenty thousand
people into the hands of perhaps fifty. That
is the exact situation in which this bill will
place the people of the South and the people
of Rhode Island and those who own the banks.
Mr. COItBETT. Mr. President, I do not
see the difficulty that many do in the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts. It
is but a few days since we had a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury, desir-
ing authority to discount gold coupons. He
had more money than he knew what to do with,
and he asked that he might have authority to
pay the interest upon our securities by dis-
counting them at the rate of six per cent. If
that is the case, if we have an excess of money
in the Treasury, why should we not withdraw
the legal tenders, retire them from the market,
and allow the banks to issue additional circu-
lation, as proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts?
If the parties who are entering into profit-
able employment in the southern States and
sending their cotton crop to the North choose
to buy United States bonds in the North, in
exchange for that cotton crop, and take those
United States bonds down to the southern
States, and then ask the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue to them banking capital in accord-
ance with this proposition, he can issue it as
fast as he retires the legal tenders and as fast
as he receives taxes over and above the ex-
penditures of the Government. In that way
he can issue, probably, as fast as the southern
and western States require the currency. That
makes a local currency. People want to have
their money invested at that point where it is
local, and where they have the profits of the
banks. They not only claim this circulation,
but they claim the profits of the banks derived
from being engaged in banking. They want
the profits as well as the circulation. That is
all proper and right. I see nothing wrong in
that.
I do not think the fifth section, as proposed
by the com mittee, allowing the transfer of banks
to the southern States, will amount to anything,
because we all know that it is in the city banks,
where the great amount of banking capital is
invested, that the great profits are. If you will
take the dividends in New York city and Bos-
ton you will find that tliev range from eight to
twelve, and up as high in some cases as twenty-
four per cent, per annum; whereas in the
country, where there is not so much circula-
tion, and where there is not very much busi-
ness, the profits on banking aie but small. If
you take away the necessity of banks really
for purposes of business in the country, the
profits are very small, because the deposits are
small. That is the reason why no banks, where
there is an excess of currency, will be trans-
ferred to the southern States. They will only
be transferred, if transferred at all, from the
interior, where the people of the North want
them themselves now, and where they are
least profitable. Therefore, that will derange
the local interests in the northern States. If
it could be confined to the cities it would not
create the same disturbance. But the practi-
cal effect of this section will be that it will be
entirely nugatory ; it will not amount to any-
thing. The people that have this excess o<"
currency will not transfer it. I think the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts can be adopted and prove practicable
without issuing any new bonds.
Mr. HOWE. 1 have not said much about
this fourth section, and I am not going to say
much about it, for I care but very little about
it. I have serious doubts whether the remedy
is any better than the disease ; but I protest
against the idea urged by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williaws,] which is that the dis-
ease is a mild one. I insist, on the contrary,
that it is a bad one ; it is a severe one. Per-
haps it is as mild as it was possible under the
circumstances ; but it is a harsh one.
Mr. President, when you commenced issuing
bonds you offered them to all the world upon
the like terms; and after a certain amount of
bonds were out the Government did another
thing, a most remarkable thing, as I believe,
i The Government said to the holders of $330,-
000,000 of these bonds, " You may put them
into the Treasury to be held there, you taking
the interest, and we will issue you a circula-
tion of $300,000,000, and you may loan that
circulation"as money, and we will back yon ;
we will be responsible that this money shall
be redeemed on demand ; we will indorse it
to the people; so that we will pay you interest
on your bonds and the people who borrow
your bills will pay you interest on tliem."
Thatis the privilege, I say, which they extended
to the holders of $330,000,000 of these bonds.
Under all circumstances that would be a great
privilege. It was peculiarly great and pecu-
liarly unjust at the time at which the offer was
made. 1 say it was a. great privilege, because,
as I said before, it made banking a monopoly ;
it made an office of it; and the whole com-
munity was set to grabbing which should get
the office, the special privilege of using the
bonds in that way. It happened that this
privilege was piled up in certain sections of
the country. It does not make any difference,
say Senators. I think it docs. Before the
war banking was a free institution in all the
States, I think, or nearly so. Banking was
free in Rhode Island; banking was free in
Wisconsin.
Mr. AN THONY, (Mr. Edmotds in the
chair.) It was not free in Rhode Island.
We had special charters for all our banks.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; your charters were
issued on the same terms to all. You had spe-
cial charters; but it really amounted to free
banking. Anybody could have a charter who
would comply with the conditions upon which
you gave charters. That is the fact about it.
When that was the case, I think the State of
Rhode Island, taking that for an illustration,
when everybody could get a bank charter that
would comply with the conditions, had a bank-
ing circulation of about three millions; the
State of Wisconsin had a banking circulation
of about four millions; but when this banking
business was turned into a monopoly, it so
happened that Rhode Island was the smartest,
or proved to be ; she got $12,000,000, if I re-
member the figures aright, and Wisconsin, old-
fogyish and slow, only got about two millions.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I must correct the Sen-
ator from Wisco.isin. I am not sure—I have
not the figures before me—-as to the amount
of increase of the banking capital in Rhode
Island over the State banking ; but it is very
slight. Our banking capital was very much
out of proportion to that of any other State,
considering our population and business; but
the increase, without my looking over the
ground, is very immaterial.
Mr. HOWE. It is only about three hun-
dred per cent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, no.
Mr. HOWE. Pour hundred per cent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The circulation isgreater,
but the bank capital is not.
Mr. HOWE. I am talking of circulation.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not deny that.
Mr. HOWE. I am speaking from memory,
and I am not likely to be very accurate ; but I
think their circulation before the war was about
three million dollars, and the circulation of
Wisconsin was about four millions. Under
this system of banking Rhode Island has about
twelve million dollars and Wisconsin about two
millions. That does not look exactly fair : and
yet there were no disabilities on Wisconsin.
She had as fair an opportunity to demand, to
grab for this privilege as Rhode Island had.
She was not as near and she was not as poten-
tial, and she did not get as much.
But, sir, the law operated very unfairly upon
another portion of the country. There was
another portion of thecountry, embracing some
ten States, that could not grab at all, was in
prison, so to speak, had not the privilege of
making a demand for it. The Senator from
Oregon says (hat that was their fault. I think
that was the fault of the people who occupied
those States at that time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word on this point before he passes
from it, because I think he does, unintention-
ally, injustice to the distribution of the cur-
rency, so far as our State is concerned. The
State of Rhode Island did not grab at the na-
tional bank system ; but she was forced into it.
To use the expression of the late Senator from
Vermont, Judge Collamer, she was "enticed
with a pitchfork." The State of Rhode Island
had a large amount of banking capital. The
idea prevails in that State—I suppose, however,
from what I hear here, that it must be wrong—
that banking capital should be distributed soni e-
what in relation to the wants of business, and
not by the square acre or by the number of
men, women, and children who may be ir. the
territorial limits. We had a large amount of
banking capital, and we used it all, and we
wanted it all. We preferred our own system.
Our banks went into the national system*reluc-
tantly. My colleague got up the first national
