2-74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Rhode Island in payment. When we get bank
capital we give oar notes for it, and the banks
in Rhode Island, I suppose, hold the notes.
We get their circulation occasionally now, I
take it. out there ; but then, like a man, we
step up and give our paper, due in sixty or
ninety days, and either pay or let it be pro-
tested, one of the two. [Laughter.] It is all
a fair commercial transaction. The Senator
will not call me unfair in that respect.
The Senator says they were compelled to
take these bonds. The Senator is mistaken.
They never were compelled to take a dollar of
them, and never did take a dollar of them on
compulsion. They chose to take them ; and
so did Wisconsin choose to take them. Rhode
Island possibly took more of them than Wis-
consin ; I do not know how that is; but Wis-
consin took a great many more bonds than she
ever put into the Treasury here as a basis for
bank circulation ; and so did every other State.
A great many bonds are held on which the
Treasury issues no dollar of currency. Taking
the bonds of the Government was one thing.
The Senator would really have us believe that
Wisconsin and Rhode Island, and every State
and every individual who came forward and
voluntarily purchased these bonds, finding it
the best use he could make of his money, was
a public benefactor, and monuments, I suppose,
ought to be built to all such men. Why, Mr.
President, I know a great many of my neigh-
bors who bought some of the bonds, and who
hold some of them now. They never have
claimed to be public benefactors, and we never
have proposed to build statues to any of them.
He asks me, with a good deal of pathos, how
it would have happened if these bonds had not
turned out agood investment. Suppose, instead
of going up to $116 or $119 for $100, they had
gone down to fifty dollars, what then says he?
My friend, the distinguished Senator from
Maine, ventured an explanation in an under-
tone that we would come in and insist upon
sharing a part of the loss. No ; we should not
have insisted upon bearing any part of the loss.
What then says the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and? I will tell him what I think would have
happened if that had been the case. I know
these Rhode Island men pretty well. They are
pretty smart, sensible, up to snuff; and if these
bonds had gone down to forty or fifty I do not
think Rhode Island would have owned many
of the bonds at the present speaking. [Laugh-
ter.] If they did, I sincerely hope they would
not have happened to be in the safes of my
friend, the distinguished Senator from that
State. I should have hoped he would have
got rid of his share.
Mr. President, these bonds were all bought
because men found it was the best investment
they could make of their paper. There was no
compulsion about it. It was a voluntary trans-
action. They were so bought in Wisconsin,
so bought in Rhode Island. But after the bonds
were bought this privilege of employing them
as a basis for banking to the extent of $330,-
000,000 was a pure gratuity to the holders of
the bonds, the Government assuming all the
risks, the banks having no responsibility what-
ever except to make the paper and issue it.
The redeeming medium is quite equal, is in
excess really of the circulation; so that I do not
know of a bank in this country that in paying
money over its counter stops to consider whether
it is paying greenbacks or bank notes.
Mr. SAWiTER. Mr. President, I do not
suppose that the passage of this bill or any
other will make any more capital in South
Carolina or any less. I do not understand
that it is the object of legislation to create cap-
ital in any State by any act touching national
or State banks. But I sympathize with the
remark of the Senator from Rhode Island on
my right, [Mr. Axtiiony,] who says, " If you
will give us back the old State laws with regard
to banks, and take off the tax of ten per cent,
on the circulation of other banks than those
organiz(-d under the national bank act, we
shall be quite satisfied." Our trouble at this
time is this: we have a large amount of capital
that seeks investment in national bank stock,
and we cannot get the circulation to issue by
those national banks that we would organize.
We find all the ground preoccupied. We find
the whole $800,000,000 of national currency
already allotted to certain portions of the coun-
try ; and when we come here to the Comp-
troller of the Currency and ask for a certain
amount of circulation we are told there is none,
and if weget it at all we must go to New York,
or to Rhode Island, or to Massachusetts and
buy the circulation, which we may then issue,
but which does not bear the name of the pres-
ident or cashier of one of our own banks. It
has got to be a common operation for persons
desiring to start a bank in the South to go to
New York to some of the national banks there
and buy their circulation, and pay as high as
five, six, and seven per cent, premium for it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is the same condition
exactly with the banks in Rhode Island. They
have none of this circulation except they get
it from New York.
Mr. SAWYER. Now, Mr. President, we
desire to have things so arranged that we may
have a fair share of the circulation which is
made under the act creating national banks.
We submit that while it may bo comfortable
for Rhode Island and Massachusetts and Con-
necticut to say, u This is all very well now ; we
want all this banking capital and this circula-
tion here ; the demands of onr local business
require ityet it is very hard for people who
have capital in the South, and who desire to
invest it in this particular way, to be told that
it is wrong to take a fair share of the national
bank circulation and transfer it to the States
lately in insurrection. We do not ask for a
dollar of banking capital that we have not got
a dollar to put up against. We do not suppose
that we are going to make any new capital by
this bill or any other bill of this kind ; but we
submit that we have a right to, and we demand
that we shall have, the same facility, the same
privilege of putting our capital into this form
that the man in Rhode Island or in Massachu-
setts has. If there is no advantage particularly
in this national bank circulation, if there is no
privilege guarantied by having the establish-
ment of national banks in our borders, I do not
see why there is such a disinclination elsewhere
to part with any of the national bank circulation.
What particular scheme is best to accom-
plish this result I do not know ; but I do know
that in my own State where, before the war,
we had $14,000,000 of banking capital, to-day,
in consequence of the existence of this national
bank law, we have less than four hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. KELLOGG. In South Carolina they
have but $135,000 against $12,000,000 before
the war.
Mr. SAWYER. The statement of $135,000
referred to by the Senator from Louisiana is an
old one. We have at this present time a larger
amount than that, but less than four hundred
thousand dollars. We have that in place of
the $14,000,000 which we originally had. What
is the effect upon the business of that State?
It is to make us carry on all our foreign busi-
ness through New York. _ We used to have
large numbers of ships lying at our wharves
and loading with the staples of the climate,
ships bound directly to Earopean ports; but,
now everything is shipped to New York, and
thence reshipped abroad. If we could have
the facilities which, it seems to me, would be
given by this bill so that we might put some of
the capital which really exists in our State ml o
the form of bank capital, and be enabled to
furnish additional bank facilities -to our peo-
ple, not on the capital of Rhode Island or of
Massachusetts, but on the^ capital which is
already made and existing in South Carolina,
we should be enabled then to do our business
without paying a commission, and a heavy
commission, to the people of the citv of New
York.
If there is, as seems to be the popular im-
pression, a large amount of profit m doing the
business which is done by the national banks,
I see no reason why the people of South Caro-
lina and Louisiana should not participate in
those profits. If the investment in national
bank stocks is a desirable mode of investment
of capital, I see no reason why the same privi-
leges should not be granted to the States of the
South as to the States of the North. The fact
that the state of things which has up to this
time existed has thrown into a certain number
of States the great bulk of the banking capital
of the country is no reason why it should always
remain so.
Whether the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts is better adapted to accomplish
this end or the bill of the committee, I do not
pretend to say. I only say that the bill which
comes from the committee seems to have been
maturely considered. It is, in their opinion,
a bill which will accomplish the end desired,
to a limited extent certainly. I could wish
that instead of $20,000,000 it provided us with
thirty or forty million dollars ; but I propose
to vote for the bill as it is, believing that it will
give us some relief. I know that there is a
large amount of capital in our State which will
be put into national bank stock if you will give
the people the opportunity to put it there. 1
know that the few national banks which we
have have declared dividends of such a char-
acter that the rest of the people want to share
in the profits of that business. I submit that
when it is a fact that the small amount of
banking capital invested in my State yields an
annual income of over twenty per cent., and
has done so since the establishment of those
banks, there is something wrong; that other
parties besides those who at present enjoy the
privilege of investing their funds in stock which
pays to that degree ought to be allowed to
compete with those parties; and if the national
banking capital is so locked up in Rhode
Island, in Massachusetts, and in Connecticut
that we are prevented from getting the same
privileges which they enjoy, or equal privileges
with them in investments, something ought to
be done to remove this difficulty.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, nobody can
be against supplying all reasonable facilities
to the States lately in rebellion. There is
nothing the Senator from South Carolina can
ask in that regard that I am not willing to
grant. Let them take all the facilities that
can be supplied, and let them profit by them;
lot them make the most of them : but in con-
ceding those facilities why injure other parts
of the Union ? Why not make the concession
in such a way as to leave the rest of the Union
untouched ? Sir, that is the practical question
on which we are to vote.
Now, allow me to say that, listenting to this
debate as I have from the beginning, and espe-
cially listening to all that my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, has said at
the different times that he has addressed us, 1
have failed to hear one solitary word vindicating
the justice, the equity, or the fairness of the
proposition reported by the committee. The
Senator from Ohio has not said that it was just,
that it was equitable, that it was fair. Does
the Senator—I put the question to him now—-
think it just, equitable, or fair to despoil cer-
tain States of this Union of the facilities of
business which they have amply earned and
transfer them to other States, as he now pro-
poses? I ask him is it just, is it equitable, is
it fair?
His proposition, as has been amply explained
on this floor, bears specially on three States,
New England States to be sure. Massachusetts
is one, Rhode Island another, and Connecticut
another ; and why does it bear on those States ?
Simply because, by their experience and energy
in business, when your banking system went
into operation they were able to come forward
and supply the means. You invited the coop-
eration of the original State banks, and with-
out that cooperation it is doubtful if your sys-
tem could have gone into existence. You took
advantage of the State banks in these three
different States, allowed them to organize as
national banks; of course, therefore, allowed
