1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
with the Government to send them down into
the rebel States they ought to run the risk.
But this joint resolution applies to this class
of cases. The Government would hire a boat
at Cincinnati or St. Louis to transport troops
or supplies down to New Orleans, and when
the boat had taken its cargo to New Orleans
and discharged it, and was ready to turn back
and go home, the Government said it needed the
boat in its service, and impressed it into the
service. The question of liability is left to be
determined by the Department. All that this
joint resolution does is to take away the effect
of the act of 1807, which prohibits the settle-
ment of claims arising in the rebel States.
Now, the principle of that law certainly
never applied to this class of claims at all.
This was property that did not belong in the
rebel States, but in the loyal States, and was
owned by northern men, loyal men who con-
tinued to reside in the North, and whose prop-
erty never would have been in the South at all
except by a contract which they made with the
Government, or which was carried down there
by order and authority of the Government and
then taken possession of by the Government.
Whether it was lost while in the possession
of the Government, under such circumstances
as to make the Government liable for it, is
a question to be determined by the Depart-
ment.
. Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman yield to me for an inquiry ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. VvrASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does the
War Department ask l'or the passage of this
joint resolution ?
Mr. POLAND. It was recommended by
the Second Comptroller of the Treasury. I
sent the joint resolution up to him to examine
it and to see whether its phraseology was cor-
rect, whether it was too broad and would allow
any claims to be brought in that ought not to
be brought ia, and he answered that its terms
were entirely satisfactory.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is there
any recommendation from the War Depart-
ment, or from the Secretary of the Treasury,
m favor of any such legislation as this?
Mr. POLAND. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. PI NKKLNBU LiG. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a few momenta?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. PiNKLLNBURG. As this resolution
involves legislation which will affect the inter-
ests of my constituents, I wish to say a few
words upon it. During the war steamboats
were pressed into the service of the Govern-
ment at St. Louis and other ports, and taken
down South, m many cases against the will ot
the owners. While they were down South, in
the charge of Government ollicevs, they were
destroyed, either by accident or by the act of
the enemy. They were destroyed m southern
waters, where they were taken by the Go\em-
inent.
Now, when the owners of this property asked
compensation for the property thus lost they
were paid by the Government up to la--t year,
when Attorney General Stanbeiy gave .an opin-
ion that, under the act of February 18. 18(57,
these claims could not be paid. And why?
liecause that act provides that no claim shall
bo paid which arose daring the war in an in-
surrectionary State. The owners of these boats
weie not only loyal men, but they resided in
northern loyal States, in Missouri, Illinois,
Minnesota, jowa, Ohio, and other States, m-
eludingsome of the New England States. But
the boats were destroyed in southern waters,
where they were taken by the Government,
and Attorney General Stanberv has given the
opinion that on that account these claims should
not be paid. This joint resolution is introduced
for the purpose of taking these claims from
under the unjust operation of that decision of
the Attorney General, so that the owners of
these boats, if their claims are just and proper,
shall not suffer from acircumstance over which
they had no control; that is, that their boats
were taken from northern waters into the
waters of the southern States, and there de-
stroyed.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] to yield to me for a
moment.
Mr. POLAND. Very well.
Mr. MAYNAED. If this joint resolution
had proposed the repeal entirely of the act of
1867 I would be in favor of it. That act, as I
conceive, makes a distinction which is exceed-
ingly unjust by making the validity of a claim
against the Government depend not upon the
man who presents it, not upon the circum-
stances under which it arose, but merely upon
the locality where it originated. I never yet
have been able to see the reason or justice of
the distinction that the man who, as the friend of
the Government, with a view to aiding and sus-
taining it against the rebellion, has furnished
his property for the use of the Government,
either voluntarily or involuntarily—1 have never
been able to understand why he should not be
entitled to compensation, whether he lived in
the State of Vermont or the State of Louisiana.
I hold that in this struggle the distinction is
between the friends of the Government and its
enemies. Any other distinction, based upon
locality, upon residence, will be exceedingly
unjust as well as exceedingly impolitic. When
you come to apply that rule you will be found
in some instances recognizing and allowing the
claims of some who in point of fact, arc un-
worthy and undeserving and denying the just
claims of others who have sacrificd themselves
and all they had in supportof the Government.
The objection that 1 make to the joint res-
olution in the form in which it comes from
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States is that it preseives this distinc-
tion between a claimant who lives in a north-
ern State—or in a loyal State, if you please—
and a claimant who was so unfortunate, at
least so far as his loyalty was concerned, as to
reside in a State that was involved in a rebel-
lion. Now, 1 cannot comprehend why a citi-
zen of Missouri, for instance, should be entitled
to more consideration from the Government
than a citizen of Tennessee, supposing that
they have been equally loyal and true in their
devotion to the Government. It is true Mis-
souri did not, perhaps, go through the form
of secession as Tennessee was dragged through
it; but it is equally true that Missouri was rep-
resented in the southern congress at Richmond
as Tennessee was. It is equally true that Mis- j
souri had among her citizens many bitter and
persistent rebels, perhaps as large a propor-
tion as Tennessee had.
In saying this I do not speak unkindly or
iu any harsh or invidious spirit with respect
to Missouri. I am simply illustrating the itn- i
policy and injustice of attempting to make i
discriminations among honest claimants upon j
the Government solely with reference to the :
locality of their residence. I hold, as 1 have \
held from the beginning of the Thirty-Seventh j
Congress, when 1 was honored with a seat in :
this House, down to the present, time, that the j
controversy has been between the friends of
the Government and its enemies, and that a
friend of the Government is to be protected
by ilip Government to the same extent whether
he lives in South Cnrolina or Massachusetts.
I hope that the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland") will consent to have tins meas-
ure recommitted, that when hereaiter pre- [
sented to the House it may embody a spirit ot j
broader comprehension and wider justice than
it now does. In its present shape it is offensive, |
exceedingly so, to the class of men 1 repiesent i
rod to whom I belong. 1
Mr. POLAND. I yield to the gentleman i
from Massachusetts, [Jilr. IIoah.] i
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me ;
that if gentlemen will examine this bill for a
moment they will see that it is not within the
compass of human ingenuity to suggest a case
in which by virtue of this bill any man who
ought not to be paid will obtain payment. It
does not extend at all the rule with reference
to the payment if claims against the TJuited
States Government, as that rule prevailed
prior to 1807. It does not affect at all the
settled jjolicy of the Government, whick has
been animadverted upon by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Haynard.J It simply
proposes to obviate the effect of an erroneous
and most absurd decision of a former law offi-
cer of this Government, who held that if a mail
living in Portland or Chicago, for instance, let
his steamer to the United States Government "
for the term of six months, and at the end of
that term the vessel, being left by the Govern-
ment in southern waters, was impressed and
thereafter captured and lost, the owner of the
steamer was under such circumstances con-
clusively presumed to be an alien enemy be-
cause the boat was found in rebel waters.
The Department thought that claims of that
kind ought to be paid, but this decision of the
Attorney General stands in the way.
Now, this bill provides that no claim shall
bo paid unless, in the first place, the owner is
proved to be a loyal man ; unless, in the second
place, lie was at the time of the transaction a
resident of a loyal State ; and unless, in the
third place, his property passed out of his pos-
session within the limits of a loyal State.
Mr. HAWKINS. I wish to aslc the gentle-
man whether he regards it as the settled policy
of the Government in making payment for
properly of loyal citizens used by the Federal
Army to make a discrimination upontheground
of residence in a southern or a northern State?
Mr. HOAR. It is the settled policy at pres-
ent, by existing law.
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he is in favor of continuing
such a policy.
Mr. HOAR. I do not think, Mr. Speaker,
that that question is at all pertinent to the sub-
ject under discussion. In other words, it seems
to me that a bill proposing to remedy one clear
and gross injustice ought not to be opposed on
the ground that there are other cases of injus-
tice left untouched.
Mr. HAWKINS. I hope the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poi.anii] will yield to me
two minutes, that 1 may state several cases
which have been ruled at the Department.
Mr. POLAND. I have no doubt both my
friends from Tennessee could state a great many
cases where loyal men in the South have claims
that ought to be paid. And let me say that
when 1 was a member of the other brunch ot
Congress I made a most strenuous effort to get
a law passed that should extend to the claims
of loyal men in all the States, as much in the
rebel States as in any other ; but 1 was entirely
unable to get a bill passed. After that time, in
18(>7, Congress passed an act, which gave a nar-
row construction to the act ot 18G-1. Now, I
entirely agree with the gentleman that upon
the principle of common honesty claims of loyal
men in the rebel Stales should be paid just as
much as those of loyal men living in the loyal
Stales. But hitherto Congress has said it is not
safe to trust a jurisdiction of this sort either to
the Court of Claims or to any Department, and
to that extent we will keep jurisdiction our-
selves over that branch of the subject. I hope
the time will come—it ought to come, and I
trust it may speedily come—when claims of
loyal men living in the rebel States will be
recognized and satisfied by the Government
just as much as the claims of loyal men living
111 the loyal States. But, I ask my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Hawkins] if he considers it
wise that a little and simple act of justice to a
tew northern men shall lie withheld because
Congress have hitherto considered it wise that
they shall retain jurisdiction over these claims
in the South instead of giving it to any Depart-
ment?
Mr. HAAVKINS. Will the gentleman yield
a single moment?
| Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
H Mr. HAWKINS. The gentleman asks if I
:! think it would be right to withhold from north-
ern men this small meed of justice.^ lu answer
to that question 1 have to say that if southern
men who were loyal are denied justice, then
