280
TBI COTOMSSIGFM/ GLOBE.
March 25,
before this House and before the great God of
nature it is right to withhold it from others. I
believe the friends of this Government ought
to be placed upon an equal footing wherever
they may happen to reside. I have my pocket
full of letters sent to me by soldiers in the
Army who purchased horses in Tennessee to
ride upon as soldiers ; and when the horses
were lost they were refused payment for them'
because they were purchased in Tennessee in
1862. Sir, while I have the honor to hold a
seat on this floor as a Representative of these
men who risked their property and their lives
in defense of the country I shall vote against
every measure that makes a distinction between
men who reside in the North and men who
reside in the South ; and I hope the House will
vote down this bill and every bill of like char-
acter.
Mr. POLAND. Let me say to my friend
that if he thinks he is on the right track to
get justice for his constituents, which I agree
ought to be done, and I trust speedily will be
done, he is laboring under a most fatal and
fearful mistake, and he had better disabuse
himself of it as soon as possible.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman what
is the amount of claims covered by this reso-
lution?
Mr. POLAND. I have already stated the
amount. Understanding that the adjustment
of the claims depended very much upon how
large they were, I took the precaution to send
to the Department and inquire as to the amount
involved. How much will be finally allowed,
of course, I do not know, but the whole amount
as given to me is between three and four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. ALLISON. It seems that the object
of this bill is to enlarge the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims.
Mr. POLAND. Not at all.
Mr. ALLISON. So as to give it jurisdiction
of a certain class of cases.
Mr. POLAND. It does not give it jurisdic-
tion at all.
Mr. ALLISON. It allows it to construe the
act, which is now construed against these north-
ern claimants.
Mr. POLAND. No, sir; the entire jurisdic-
tion was taken away from the Court of Claims
by the act of 1864, and as the Attorney Gen-
eral construes the act of 1867 it takes away
jurisdiction of this class from the Depart-
ment. This resolution is simply to authorize
the Department, if the claims are found to be
'just, to settle them. It is merely to author-
ize the Department to hear these claims, and,
if they are just claims, to allow them, although
in terms the property was taken in rebel States.
Mr. ALLISON. This joint resolution is re-
ported from the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States. It seems to me that inas-
much as it proposes to enlarge the jurisdiction
of these departmental officers so as to enable
them by the machinery of the Department to
adjudicate upon a class of claims which the gen-
tleman from Vermont himself admits amount
to about four hundred thousand dollars, it
ought to be considered by the proper commit-
tee of this House to whom such matters are
usually referred, and that is the Committee of
Claims. And I am rather inclined to agree
with the gentleman from Tennessee, that when
we find ourselves willing to pay this class of
claims we ought not to confine ourselves to
claimants who may accidentally happen to live
in a loyal State as distinguished from loyal men
who happened to live in insurrectionary States.
Mr. POLAND. Iyield for a moment to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have long since made
up my mind to vote against all bills of this
character until something is proposed that will
do justice to all claimants against this Govern-
ment that are loyal. Now, while I*appreciate
the argument of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, I can say to him that this bill is very un-
just in other respects. There are other claim-
ants in loyal States besides steamboat owners,
anda greatmany of them. Itis true, perhaps,
that they are less wealthy and their claims are
of smaller amount, and they are not so able
to come to Congress for the purpose of getting
relief or employ others to come to Congress to
present their cases here as the owners of these
steamboats. I have in my desk here the claim,
not a very large one, of a gentleman who was
a soldier in the Federal Army and while march-
ing in the ranks and defending the flag of his
country he had the satisfaction of seeing that
portion of the Army to which he was attached
encamped upon his premises, and while en-
camped there they took the last bushel of
grain he had upon the face of the earth, the
last pound of meat that he had, and the last
stack of hay that he had, leaving him with
nothing for the subsistence of his family or of
his stock. The quartermaster gave hitn a re-
ceipt for it, but failing to report it upon his
muster report, as it was his duty to do, he was
told at the Department that there was no law
that authorizedpayment in cases of that kind,
and hence hegotnothing. There arc hundreds
of such cases as that, not only in Missouri, but
all over the country where the Federal Army
marched. Now, I undertake to say that those
claims are quite as just, and that it is just as
much the duty of this Government to provide
for them, as it is to provide for this class, and
until we can have some bill that proposes to
adjudicate them all I am disposed to vote
against any bill that may be proposed.
Mr. POLAND. If every gentleman in the
House should take the ground which the gen-
tleman from Missouri does, and should refuse
to vote for a bill although right because it
does not cover everything, on the same ground
every measure of relief proposed in Congress
for anybody will be voted down. It would be
very difficult to frame any bill that would reach
everybody.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question for my own information. It is
his judgment I ask for, his construction of the
law. 1 desire to ask him whether or not this
joint resolution, if passed, will relieve from the
restrictions now thrown around them steam-
boats lost under circumstances such as I will
mention. For instance, a steamboat was in
the hands of the rebels and they were using it
for the transportation of supplies, &c., and that
boat was captured by the Union Army from the
rebels and was afterward destroyed ; would this
joint resolution cover the claims of loyal own-
ers who claimed it as their property?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly not.
Mr. LOGAN. It does not?
Mr. POLAND. It does not.
Mr. LOGAN. The restriction, then, will still
apply as it does now to that class of cases ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly. _
Mr. LOGAN. My impression was that it
would not.
Mr. POLAND. This joint resolution only
applies to cases where the boats were taken
down by the Government itself, or where the
owners took them down under license from the
Government.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man what is the signification of the word
"impressed'- in the joint resolution?
Mr. POLAND. That the Government took
this property without contract.
Mr. LOGAN. Against the consent of the
owners? And the word "taken" has a dif-
ferent meaning—that this property may have
been taken by or against the consent of the
owners. The language employed here is 11 ves-
sels taken or impressed."
Mr. POLAND. The words "taken" and
"impressed" are really synonymous in some
respects.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. JENCKES. I have noticed the diffi-
culty alluded to by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Looan.] It seems to me that the
words "without the consent of the owner"
should be inserted after the word " taken," so
as to relieve it entirely from ambiguity.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
made if there be no objection-
No objection was made; and the joint reso-
tion was amended accordingly.
Mr. POLAND. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. It will be observed by the
House that no gentleman who has yet spoken
in oppositionto this joint resolution has denied
that it is right; that the class of cases covered
by it should have the remedy provided by it.
The objection is that it makes an unjust dis-
crimination—that is the objection so well stated
by the eloquent/ gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Hawkins]—that this joint resolution
makes an unjust discrimination between this
class of cases and a great many others which
gentlemen say should also be provided for.
That would undoubtedly be a sound objection
were it not for one consideration: that we are
not now undertaking to pass a bill which shall
enact in what classes of cases losers of prop-
erty shall have a remedy against the Govern-
ment of the United States. We are merely
undertaking to remedy an inadvertent mistake,
if it was a mistake, made by Congress two
years ago. At that time Congress passed a
bill which they did not mean should deprive
this class of claimants of their remedy. Nov
did the Department understand the bill to so
deprive this class of claimants of their remedy.
But one Attorney General of the United States
thought it did so operate, and therefore the
remedy was obstructed in their cases.
Now, all that this joint resolution proposes
to do is to say, " We did not mean by the law
of 1867 to do a certain injustice which the law
officer of the Government thought we did."
It leaves everything else as it now is. Itleaves
the general policy to be pursued in regard to
loyal claimants for lost property to be fixed
hereafter, if Congress shall see fit at the proper
time and m the proper way to make a general
enactment on that subject. All that we do now
is simply to say that we did not mean by the act
of 1867 to deprive these men, who everybody
admits ought to have their claims allowed, of
their just rights.
Mr. POLAND. I now ask for a vote.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is it in
order now to move to lay this joint resolution
on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then 1
make that motion, aud on it ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; aud Mr. Washblt.x,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Poland were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 64, noes 54.
Before the result of the vote wasannounced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the joint resolution on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 81, nays 83, not voting
32; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett. Boles, Boyd, Bufiinton,
Boderiek E.Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cullom, De-
weese, Donley, Duval, Terry, Garfield, Golladay,
Griswold, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, lleaton,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Kelsey, Keteham, Knapp, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley, Orth, Packard,
Paine, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Schenek, Seofield, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Sweeney, Taffe, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner.Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, YV'hittemore,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Aspcr, Banks,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Bowen, Brooks,
Burdett, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Crebs, Dawes,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Dyer, Eldr&dgo, Kerrlss,
Ifinkelnburg, Fitch, 3?ox, Getz, Gilfillan, Ilaight,
Haldeman.Hale.Hambleton, Hoar, Hoiman, Hooper,
Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Laliin,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayhani, MeCormick, McCrary,
McNeely, Moffet, Samuel P. Morrill, Mmigen, Nib-
lack, O'Neill, Palmer, Peters, Poland, Potter, Ran-
dall, Heading, Bice, Bogers, Schumaker, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson,
