1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
Stiles, Stone, Strnder, Swarm. Tanner, Townsend,
Twichell. Upson, Van Trump, William B. Washburn,
Wells, Wheeler, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Win-
chester, Witeher, Wood, and Woodward—83.
KOX VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bailey,
Beaman, Benton, Benjamin F. Butier. Cake, Co-
burn, Cowles. Davis, Doekery, Eia, Farnsworth,
1'isher, Greene. Hamilton, Hill, Iloag, Ingersoll,
Judd, ICnott, Morgan, Morrissey, Packer, Reeves,
Sargent, Shanks, Sheldon, Stevens. Van Auken, Van
Horn, and Voorhees—32.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the
table.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HEATON. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 80, not voting
2U; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Aspcr,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Bowen, Brooks,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Crebs, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon,Dyer,
iildridge, i'erriss, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Getz,
Gilfillan, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Ilambleton, Hoar,
Dolman, Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
J ones, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Knott, Lynch, Marshall,
Mayham, M_.Cormick, McCrary, MoNeely, Moffet,
Morgan, Daniel J.Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill, Mun-
gen, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Petors, Poland, Pottor,
itandall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, WorthingtonO.Smith. Ste-
venson, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Tanner, Town-
send. Trimble,Twichell. Upson,Van Trump,William
B. Washbuin, Wells, Wheeler, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—87.
NATS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Beaman,
Boatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Boyd, Buflinton,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom,
Davis, Dewoese, Doekery, Donley, Duval. Farns-
worth, Ferry, Garfield, Golladay, Hawkins, Hawley,
lleaton, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones,
Ketcham, ICnapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridgo, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Miercur, Eiia-
l\im II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,William Moore, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenelc, Scofield,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Sweeney,
Tillman, Tyner, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn. W elker, Whittemore,Wilkinson,Willard,
Williams, John T.Wilson, and Witeher—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Benton, Cake, Clarke, Coburn, Ela, Fisher,
Greene, Griswold, Hamill, Hamilton, Hay, Hill,
Hoag, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelsoy, Tjallin, Morrissey,
Sargent, Shanks, Sheldon, Taffe, Van Auken, Voor-
hees, and Winans—211.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
INTERNATIONAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the bill intro-
duced by me the other day, to incorporate the
International Pacific railroad, be ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. POLAND. I ask to be excused from
further service on the Committee on Recon-
struction. I wish to say that I make this
request, not on account of any dissatisfaction
with the committee or with the service upon
it, but in order to perfcct an arrangement in
reference to another committee.
Mr. UPSON. In accordance with the ar-
rangement indicated by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] I ask to be excused
from further servictj on the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair submits the
question to the House, "Shall these gentlemen
be excused?" The Chair hears no objection,
and they are excused. The Chair appoints
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Upson] to fill
the vacancy on the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion occasioned by the retirement of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
SAMUEL II. iMOORE.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, without amendment, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, a bill (H. R.
No. 48) for the relief of Samuel H. Moore,
late a private in company G, fifty-seventh regi-
ment Ohio veteran volunteer infantry.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that Moore was entered on the rolls of
his company as having deserted in January,
1863; that there is satisfactory evidence he did
not desert, but was captured by the enemy ; that J
his conduct prior to his capture was good, and
that after his release by the enemy as a paroled
prisoner of war he rejoined his regiment, with
which he remained, serving till it was mustered
out of service.
The bill directs that the rolls, so far as re-
gards the charge of desertion against Moore,
be corrected in accordance with the facts
stated in the preamble, and that he be relieved
from all disabilities on account of the charge
of desertion with like effect as if the same had
never been entered on the rolls.
Mr. MORGAN. I have been instructed to
report this bill by the unanimous voice of the
Committee on Military Affairs. A similar bill
was passed by the House at the last session,
but failed in the Senate for want of time for
its consideration. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. POX, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 37) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry ;
A joint resolution (S. It. No 22) relative to
consular fees ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 20) in relation
to light-houses on the coast of Oregon.
reduction of american tonnace.
The SPEAKER appointed the following
members of the select Committee on Causes of
the Reduction of American Tonnage, ordered
on motion of Mr. Lynch: John Lynch of
Maine, Jauies Bckfinton of Massachusetts,
C. C. Washburn of Wisconsin, Gn.?s W.
Ho'l'ciikiss of New York, Daniel J. Mouiiell
of Pennsylvania, Norman 13. .hum of Illinois,
W. T. Holiiax of Indiana, Hervy C. Cal-
kin of New York, and Erastitk Wells of
Missouri.
HARVEY I). SCOTT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter fiom the Secretary
of War, recommending an appropriation to pay
Harvey D. Scott for service as commissioner to
examine certain railroads ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the petition of W. T. Neale and others, of
Texas, for removal of political disabilities;
Also, the petition of J. W. H, Anderson, of
Georgia, for the same; and
Also, the petition of Samuel Moore and
others, for the same; all of which were referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
SUBSISTENCE FOR FORT UNION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, inviting
the attention of Congress to the accounts of
Messrs. Burguier & Gowry for subsistence fur-
nished for the protection of Fort Union, in
1866 and 1867 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, m
relation to a communication from the House
Committee on Appropriations, dated the 18th
instant, containing a statement of the addi-
tional appropriations required for the service
of the Treasury Department ior the fiscal year
ending June SO, 1870 ; 'which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
II. ltODD.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation required to pay
H. Rudd for transporting community goods to
the Navajo Indians ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
ELECTION CONTEST CAMERON VS. ROOTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-clection case of Charles
S. Cameron vs. Logan H. Roots, from the first
district of Arkansas; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
REMOVAL OI' SNAKE INDIANS.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking an appro-
priation for the collection and removal of the
Snake Indians to Silitz reservation, on the Pn-
cificcoast; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST MOREY VS. M'CRANIIi.
Mr. PAINE presented papers in the con-
tested-elcction case of Frank Morey vs. G. W.
McCranie, from the fifth congressional district
of Louisiana; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
RAILROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. WOOD, having obtained the floor on the
regular order, yielded to
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, who entered
a motion to reconsider the motion by which
the joint resolution (H. II. No. 48) granting
the right of way for the construction of a road
from a point at or near Portland, Oregon, to
a point west of the Cascade mountains, in
Washington Territory, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
ClIARLliSTOWiN AND KITTERY NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
linolved. That the Secretary of tho Navy be au-
thorized and directed to appoint a commission, con-
sisting oi' three olficers of tho Navy a.nd two officers
of the corps of engineers, to examine and report at
tho next session ot Congress—
First. Whether tho efficiency of tho naval service
requires the maintenance of the two navy-yards at
points so near together as at Charlestown, Massachu-
setts, and Kittery, Maine.
Second. Whether the territory owned by the Uni-
ted States, connected with tho navy-yard at Kittery,
is ample in area, suitable in location, and every way
well adapted to accommodate the work now carried
on at both yards and for such extension as the future
demands of the service will probably require in that
section.
Third. The probable cost of extending the yard at
Kittery sufficiently to accommodate the work now
performed a t f>oth yards; the probab le amount which
could be realized by a sale of the site and permanent
fixtures of the Charlestown yard, ami also the prob-
able annual saving in expense to the Government
which would result from consolidating the two yards.
SOUTH CAROLINA ELECTION CONTEST.
Mr. BURR presented papers in the con-
tested-election case from the third congres-
sional district of South Carolina ; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. RANDALL. I now insist on the regu-
lar order of business.
RECONSTRUCTION OF MISSISSIPPI.
The House resumed, as the regular order
of business, the consideration of the bill (H.
II. No. 147) to provide for the organization of
a provisional government for the State of Mis-
sissippi, reported yesterday from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, and upon which Mr.
Wood was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, one of the most
unpleasant things in the experience of gentle-
men upon the Democratic side of the House is
the conviction that it is almost impossible for
