1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
288
Now, sir, what are these powers? Let me
present the document itself. It is called "a
bill to provide for the organization of a provis-
ional government in the Stale of Mississippi."
What right has Congress to organize a provis-
ional government in a State? If it is a State
it is a State; and in our political parlance we
know what a State means. It is an independ-
ent sovereignty, coequal and coordinate with
every other State of tbe Union. You cannot
make any provisional government for a State;
you may for a Territory, domestic or foreign,
if you have acquired it. But if it is a State,
as the title of the bill declares it to be, what
right have you to interfere with it at ail?
But, sir, I will not cavil about words. Un-
fortunately there are too many substantial
deficiencies, defects, and wrongs in the meas-
ure itself for me to waste time in criticising
the mere phraseology of the bill. The first
section provides " that for the better security
of persons and property in Mississippi the con-
stitutional convention of said State" shall be
revived. " For the better security of persons
and property!" "Security for persons and
property" by a body which occupied its time
when in session in depredating upon property
and persons!
Under this measure the convention is to be
intrusted with the whole political and official
power. It is to appoint a provisional governor,
and through him to have control over all the offi-
cials, with power of appointment and removal,
including the judiciary of that State. After
what it has done to destroy the property of the
people it is to be called together again for the
purpose of having custody over the property
of the State.
The bill further provides that this conven-
tion shall be "authorized to assemble forth-
with upon the call of the president thereof, and
in case of his failure for thirty days to summon
said convention, then the commandinggeneral
of the fourth military district is hereby author-
ized" to do it. Ah, Air. Speaker, none but the
gentleman from Massachusetts could have had
the ingenuity and the dexterous insincerity to
have phrased a passage of that character.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me a single remark.
Mr. WOOD. I cannot yield; the gentle-
man will have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 know
the gentleman wants to state the fact correctly,
and as this was reported in ipsistimui verbis
by the committee of the last Congress, I cannot
take the gentleman's compliment.
Mr. WOO!). Then the gentleman has been
made the instrument of others, and this is the
first time I ever knew him to be placed in that
situation. Now, sir, the phraseology is decep-
tive. Under the pretended idea that the presi-
dent of the convention may hesitate, the gen-
eral is directed to act. Why, sir, this so-called
president of this so-called convention is now
in your galleries. He is here lobbying and cau-
cusing, appealing to partisan prejudice, to the
aspirations and the ambition of members of
Congress, for the purpose of getting them to
pass this measure. And yet, unnecessarily,
the bill is made to provide that if he hesitates
or declines to call this convention together—
he being its president and also a candidate for
Governor and United States Senator, hoping
to be elected through its agency—then the com-
manding general shall be allowed to do so.
Well, sir, I doubt whether gentlemen are so
easily deceived. If they are, they are deceived
with their eyes open.
The provisional governor to be appointed
by the convention "shall be authorized to
remove and appoint registrars and judges of
elections," shall be authorized to call upon
the commanding general to order out the mili-
tary for his assistance whenever ho pleases, to
appoint and remove at pleasure all the State
officials. It is proposed by this bill to give
this convention authority to appoint a man
who is here lobbying for the passage of this
very bill the power to name the judges of elec-
tions in his own case, to control the ballots,
and to make up the registration list to be left
in his own private custody. He is to receive
the returns thus made up by his own tools and
instruments in their own way, when they have
power to increase or decrease the vote for any
candidate they please. This person and a com-
mittee appointed by the convention, together
with the commanding general, who is made a
minority member ofit, are to constitute aboard
consisting of three parts to receive the votes
and to make the official declaration of the
result.
xlnd then in case of resistance, if the people
of Mississippi should possibly be induced to
express a murmur, to interpose a feeble objec-
tion to this fraud, and if any indignant Missis-
sippian should perhaps give a negro a kick,
what then ? Why the provisional governor may
direct the military commander to order out '
troops to shoot down anybody whom the pro-
visional governor may feel has interfered with
■his political aspirations. My friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] said yesterday that it would
be better to intrust the President of the Uni-
ted States with this authority ; that he thought
this convention, from what it had done, would
be an unsafe depository for a power so great,
and he offered an amendment to the bill to the
effect that President Grant may make this ap-
pointment. He was rebuked for this by thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
and sneeringly told that he had a new-born zeal
for the President; to which the gentleman
from Kentucky very properly replied that he
would rather trust the President, though not of
his choice, with a duty of this character than
the convention. About the time the gentleman
from Kentucky was addressing the House in
favor of his amendment a delegation of Missis-
sippianswereatlhe White House in conference
with the President upon this very Mississippi
bill; and in a Republican paper of this city o'f
this morning I find an account of that inter-
view with the declared sentiments of the Pres-
ident, which I will thank the Clerk to lead.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The Mississippi Bill—President Grant's Views upon
it.—At half past two o'clock yesterday afternoon a
delegation of Mississippians had an interview with
President Grant. The members of the delegation i
present wore Colonel L. W. Perce. Hon. A. Mygatt,
Ceneral B. B. Eggleston. Jlon. William It. Uibbs, I
Major J3. J. Castollo, lion. A. Alderson. Lh'. C. A. j
Foster, Major J. (J. Jewell, Kev. Dr. T. W Stinger, j
Colonel C. P. 10. Johnson, Colonel J. 11 "Webster, |
lion. J. A. Jamison, and General II. W. Barry.
'"they were introduced individually by Colonel
L. ~\Y. Perce. After the introduction, Colonel Perec
addressed the President briefly and stated that they
had called upon hun to congratulate him upon his
election, and to ask his assistance in passing the Mis-
sissippi bill now belore Congress.
"The President remarked that he had sAen the
Lull reported, but he did not know m what shape it
would pass Congress, lie had conversed with at
lejsi thiee ot tho reconstruction Committeo upon
the subject, and ho did not think it likely that tho
bi'l would oe passed in a lorin to bring peaecto Mis-
sissippi. Still Congress had all tho evidence on tho
subject before them.
"Colonel Perce expressed a eonlidcnce in the
wisdom of Congress.
"The President said there was no way for tho
restoration of Mississippi except by the action of
Congress. To turn the most feasible, the least expen-
sive and the quickest way to restore tho State seemed
to be to give the Governor of the State, who is also
tho military commander, time lo appoint ail the
olficers under the recent law of Congress, then re-
submit ihe constitution lo the vote, of tho people,
allowing all to vote who are qualified under the
reconstruction acts, and no others, Congress select-
ing such articles as tlicy deem necessary to bo voted
on separately, without allowing them to affect the
constitution as a whole. There were, he said, por-
tions of the constitution that might be rejected, and
perhaps ought to be.
"Colonel Perce hero suggested and urged that the
president of tho convention, who is authorized by
tho bill under consideration to appoint tho State
otricers, hemgbotter acquainted with the peonle and
their wants, would be betier aide to make judicious
appointments than the militaiy governor.
"The President, without making any definite
reply, arose, and the delegation retired.''
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
here a report of that conversation in another
Republican morning paper, which is exactly
the opposite of that. Will he allow the extract
to go to the country at the same time?
Mr. WOOD. Not during my time. As the
gentleman from Massachusetts raises a doubt,
I think I can produce corroborative testimony;
and if he puts me to the necessity, as he does
by the doubt that be has attempted to throw
upon the correctness of this statement, I shall
be compelled to say that it has been rumored—
and I believe there is some foundation for the
rumor—-that last week members of the Recon-
struction Committee were sent for by the Presi-
dent with reference to this Mississippi bill, and
his reference to the fact that three members
of the committee had called upon him means
that they called in pursuance of an invitation
from him, and it is understood that he remon-
strated against this bill in this form, for the
reason that he is satisfied that this conventiou
should never be revived aftd intrusted with
extraerdinary powers.
Now, I do not believe that the President
desires to have the appointment of a provis-
ional Governor for Mississippi. I think that
his brief experience as President must have
satisfied him that the fewer offices an afficial
has to distribute the better, and that it is not
desirable to accumulate officers by which he
may accumulate enemies. And I do believe
that so far as the President is concerned in
this regard he is earnestly anxious that the
people of Mississippi shall once more be re-
stored to their position in the Union, and that
he feels it lo be his duty as President of the
United States to interpose his authority and
influence to prevent such a calamity as would
befall that people by a revival of this conven-
tion ; and his opinion is based npon official
reports, which are as much open to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts as they are to the
President of the United States. Sir, my own
view of the matter is that Mississippi had bet-
ter be restored immediately. I would inter-
pose no delay. Delay is death; though there
are grave objections to the renewal of political
excitements there at this time. The Mississip-
pians are now planting corn. In six or eight
weeks they will commence planting cotton.
The cotton crop of that State is worth on an
average $-10,000,000. The very moment that
you pass this bill tbe whole black population
of Mississippi, which is the laboring popula-
tion, become excited; they become politicians ;
they become, I regret to say, the prey of polit-
ical traders on both sides. The poor negro is
between the upper and the nether millstones,
and in our effort to give him a boon I fear we
have perpetrated an injury upon him.
Instead of conferring upon him a blessing
we have loaded him down with a responsibility
that confuses his poor intellect and leaves
him a prey to every charlatan who goes there
to better his own fortune without caring for
that of others. Thus the immediate effects of
this bill would be to jeopard the corn and cot-
ton crops of that State. There will be an
insufficient supply of laborers to till tbe soil
and to protect the young cotton plants Irom
the ravages of the worm ; and the result might
be the destruction of crops of immense value
to the whole country, the taxes upon which
would relievo other sections to that extent of
the burdens we now bear; and on that ground
it is an improper and an unwise measure.
The sooner these ten States are brought back
into their full relations with the General Gov-
ernment, and enabled to produce crops which
will form a basis of valuation to become an
element of taxation, to that extent we will
lessen the burdens that now fall upon the in-
dustry of the laboring and agricultural classes
of the other State?. That consideration, it
seems to me, is entirely overlooked. The poor,
unfortunate, unreconstructed States are sought
to be used for purposes other than for the ben-
efit of the country at large, and only for the
benefit of unscrupulous politicians, who are
without character as they are without patriot-
ism and love of country.
But can the convention be revived ? Under
tho act of the 23d of March, 18S7, the specific
purpose is declared for which these conven-
tions were to be called, ihe people of Mis-
sissippi voted for the members of that conven-
tion to meet together to do a certain declared
and limited work—to prepare a constitution for
