1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
Mr. WARD. I would inquire whether a
motion to concur with the Senate is not first in
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who has
charge of the bill is on the floor, and has made
a motion which he proposes to discuss. The
Chair will rule on the point when it comes up.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not, of course,
object to the gentleman from Massachusetts
taking the floor,
Mr. WARD. I inquire whether a motion
to concur is not first in order?
The SPEAKER. That will depend on
whether the House sustains the previous
question.
Mr. WARD. Well, I hope at the proper
time the House will have a vote on concurring.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts moves that the bill and amendments
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Should the House not sustain the previous
question on that motion, a motion to concur in
the Senate amendments will be next in order.
It is a mere question whether the House will
sustain the previous question on the motion to
refer.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me to offer an amend-
ment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
I go oil with my remarks I will yield to the
gentleman from Illinois to propose an amend-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. [ offer what I send to the
desk as an amendment to the amendment of
the Senate, and I desire that it shall be referred
to the committee with the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That all civil offices, except those of !
judges of the United States courts, that were filled
by appointment by the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent, of the
Senate, before the 4th of March, 1SG9, shall become
vacant on the 30th day of Jane, 1809.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman from Illinois for ten
minutes to explain his amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I offer this
amendment in good faith ; and if I can have
the attention of the House I will give my
reasons for it. I have always thought that the
House of Representatives was, at least, entitled
to have opinions of its own. I know there has
been a great deal of work done this morning
in this House by certain gentlemen who desire
to have the House concur in the amendment
of the Senate, by insinuating that it is agree-
able to the President of the United States.
Now, sir, if members of Congress have no
minds of their own, and are to be changed by
every breeze that blows, then it is time to stop
legislation induced by oar own reasoning and
judgment.
I insist that the amendment reported from
the Senate to the tenure-of-office bill makes the
bill far worse than it was in its original condi-
tion. Why do I say so? The original provided
that the President of the United States might
suspend from office, but that he must give in
writing the cause for that suspension to the
Senate of the United States. The only change
made in the law by the Senate is that he need
notgivein writing the cause for the suspension,
and further that the suspended officer shall not
resume his office unless the Senate, forsooth,
shall put him in. In other words, the Senate
now provides for itself becoming the executive
branch of this Government, so far as reappoint-
ing suspended officers is concerned.
If two Senators from any particular State shall
recommend an officer to be appointed to an
office, and that officer shall be appointed, they
recommend him because they believe him to I
be an honest man ; because they believe he is i
qualified and a man who ought to have the posi-
tion. If, however, the President shall suspend
that man and give the reasons for it, those Sen-
ators then are barred in secret session from
insisting thathe shall resume his office. Written
reasons are given for suspensions according to
the original law ; but according to the amend-
ment, if two Senators recommend for an ap-
pointment and the man shall be suspended, they
in secret session may say there is no cause for
suspension, no cause for removal, no cause hav-
ing been given by the President; then, accord-
ing to the resolution you have seen published in
the papers as having been agreed to in a caucus
of the Senate, the Senators from each State
are toliave the control of the confirmations
and rejections in that State.
It doubly gives them the power which they
have wrenched from the coordinate branches
of the Government in reference to patronage.
1 do not claim that this is a contest for patron-
age, but it is a struggle for power on the part
of the Senate, and nothing else.
Although 1 have maintained this law to be
constitutional, although I have argued in favor
of its constitutionality, yet I have believed and
believe now that it was passed for a purpose ;
not because it was demanded by the Constitu-
tion, but because there was a necessity for it.
Having been once passed the Senate are de-
termined, seeing how well they can hold that
power in their hands, never to give it up again,
for fear that if they give it op now you will
never give it back into their hands again, even
when you think there is a necessity for it.
If 1 believed this amendment made the civil
tenure-of-office law better I would be willing
to consent to it. I ask whether any member
here to-day will, as a lawyer, pretend before
this House and the country that the bill as
reported from the Senate relaxes the grasp of
the Senate on the Executive and oil this branch
of Congress? 1 ask any man to state whether
he honestly believes that the Senate have given
up an iota of the power it had before under
this bill? They have mollified it a little. They
have made it more pleasant. A man who may
be suspended from ollice is not, as it were, to
have an indictment prefevied against him.
Written charges are not to be made and pub-
lished against him, so that lie may be turned
out without having his reputation blackcned.
What has that to do with the question of power
in the hands of the Senate? It has nothing to
do with it. It is merely a question of personal
gratification to the person who may be sus-
pended, but it is not a release of power under
this law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Docs my colleague
propose to take from the Senate the power to
concur in appointments ?
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all, and the gentle-
man knows it. I have never admitted any .such
purpose ; and if my colleague would only take
the pains to read the argument I made once
with reference to the power of the Senate and
the power of the Executive in reference to the
constitutional power that could be exercised
by either branch of the Government, he will
find more law than he will find in a good many
documents of a different character which he
ll9.S rGtlll
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I read some portion
of my colleague's argument; and if I was not
able to understand all he said in that argument
I do not know whether it was my fault or not;
but I found this : that it was not only constitu-
tional to pass this law, but the Constitution
required the assertion of that power on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. My friend has read that the
Constitution gave the power to the Senate to
concur in appointments, and by that concur-
rence in the appointments, or rather the con-
currence itself, was a concurrence in (he re-
moval of the officer; -and that is what the
gentleman will find in my argument. I have
always maintained that it was constitutional,
but I do not maintain that it is expedient and
proper at all times. I do not wish to be severe;
I never like to be ; but when he says he can-
not understand my argument I can tell him the
cause if I wished to do so; and he will find me
equally as consistent in my action to-day as he
himself is found to be in his.
Now, sir, why is this amendment made ? Is
it for the purpose of giving the President of the
United States now in office the right to ap-
point men to office? Is that the reason? I
ask my colleague to state whether that is the
reason. Does he wish this amendment so that
the President'shands maybeuntied toappoint
to office whom he pleases.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to untie the
President's hands, and I think the amendment
does untie his hands, and only reserves the
right which the Constitution delegated to the
Senate to have a voice in the appointment of
men to office.
Mr. LOGAN. If my colleague, then, is in
favor of untying the hands of the President, I
ask him why he does not vote to do so? I ask
it of all the friends of the President who have
confidence in him. All say they have confi-
dence in him. Both sides of the House—at
least members of both sides—say they have
entire confidence in President Grant. I have
confidence in him as I have always had. I
have taken an independent position, and 1 am
not to he swerved from my duty in this House
because some one has consented to this amend-
ment. If these gentlemen are going to untie
the hands of the President, if they are willing
to trust the President, if they are willing that
ho shall be untrammeled, I ask my colleague
and those who agree with him to vote for my
amendment. That gets rid of this tenure-of-
office law, and then his hands will be untied. It
docs not repeal the tenure-of-office law. It
does not affect that in anyway. It provides that
all offices, exoeptof judges of the United States
courts, to which appointments aie made by
the President and confirmed by the Senate,
shall become vacant on the 30th. day of June
next, so as to cuter the next fiscal year witli
new officers, or the same ones we now have
if the President, shall wisli to reappoint them.
That gets rid of the tenure-of-office law. If
you shall legislate every man out of ollice your
tenure-of-office law does not apply. More
than that, if the President wants to reappoint
some officers who have been legislated oat of
office there is no obstacle, no obstruction in
the way. There are no chains, there are no
shackles uponthePresidentofthe UnitedStates
to prevent him from doing so. There is no
power of coercing. There is no whispering
around his ears that unless he does so and so
we will not confirm this or that man. The
law will then turn tliem all out, and he can
appoint from any class whom he may select to
all the offices in the United States of America.
Then the ship of State can sail out upon a
peaceful sea, without fear of getting among the
breakers, and no one can allege thatPresident
Grant, in whom we all have confidence, lias
not had a fair chance to guide lier as he wished.
When he has had this chance, then for what
ever dangers may ensue he will alone be re-
sponsible, and the responsibility will not rest
upon us.
This will be the effect of the amendment I
have offered. By its adoption we will evince
the confidence which we say we have in Gen-
eral Grant.
|~Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
now yield for ten minutes to the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
that this House will not concur with the Senate
amendment to this bill, and that it will not refer
it, but will insist upon the bill as it has twice
almost unanimously passed this House and
received the approval of the country. A lead-
ing objection that I have heard made to the
repeal of this act is that it can never again be
reenacted. Such, no doubt, is the fact. But,
sir, is that a good or valid objection? Is it
not rather an unanswerable reason for its re-
peal? There has never been a time since the
Government was formed when such an act
could have been passed except the very time
when it was passed. It was passed, as every
man of common understanding knows, for a
particular purpose, and to check the usurpa-
tions of a wicked Chief Magistrate. It has
answered the purposes of its enactment, and
let it pass away with the cause that brought it
into being. The Government got along sue-
