Mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
March 25,
cessfully and happily for eighty years without
any occasion arising for the passage of such a
law, and we may reasonably hope that another
occasion for such a law will not arise for eighty
years to come.
A law that all concede can never again be
reenacted, and which nothing short of assassin-
ation and its attendant woes could ever have
caused to be enacted, should be repealed as
soon as the danger of a similar recurrence
shall have passed away. That danger has
passed away. The President is responsible for
the execution of the laws, and there has never
been a time since the Government was formed
when there was the same necessity for him to
have ample power to remove dishonest and in-
competent officials as now, in the most prompt
and efficient manner. This law, as amended
by the Senate, allows the President to turn
out any man during the recess of the Senate,
and the villians who are suspended, instead
of considering themselves out of office, will
rally their forces, and, combining and confed-
erating with their friends at the other end of
the Capitol, will be ablo to snap their fingers
in the face of the President and bid him de-
fiance. We shall then have a true realization
of the "insolence of office." But, sir, it is
said that the President is satisfied with this bill
as it passed the Senate. To this I answer that,
while I know nothing about it, I donotbelieve
it. If he is satisfied with it he is not the man
that I took him for. But we are not legislating
for President Grant, but for the country,which
in my judgment is nearly unanimous on the
subject. Sir, I hope that this House will insist
upon unconditional repeal. If the President
is satisfied and willing to be bound with chains
that will enable his subordinates to contemn
him and bid him defiance, then I am satisfied
so far as he is concerned; but I am not satis-
fied for myself, and the people will not be
satisfied, and I believe that I represent all of
my constituents when I demand an uncondi-
tional repeal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
resume the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Massachusetts does not propose to
call for the previous question without allowing
some of the friends of this measure to speak
in its favor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How much
tinle does the gentleman want?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ten minutes at least.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will not
five do ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot you say ten?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
given away twenty minutes of my time already,
but I will say ten. I want some time for my-
self.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not understand what gentlemen want. By the
amendment of the Senate of the United States
it seems to me that everything i-< conceded to
the President and the friends of the bill as it
passed the House which they can reasonably
desire. I voted against the passage of the bill
repealing the tenure-of-office law, and I did it
because I did not want to stultify myself. I
did not wish, after we had passed the tenure-
of-office law, maintaining, as I conscientiously
did, that it was constitutional, that it was a law
demanded by the Constitution of the United
States, after we had done that I was not for
one willing at once to surrender it. The bill
for its repeal was brought in here under the
previous question, without an opportunity for
debate or an opportunity to offer amendments.
It was passed and sent to the Senate.
The Senate have the right, under the Con-
stitution, to have a voice in the appointment
to office, and they have consented to amend
the original law so that it shall not apply to the
Cabinet of the President at all, but he may
remove and appoint the members of his Cab-
inet at his pleasure : and further, that he shall
not be required to report to the Senate the rea-
son fox suspending officers during the vacation
of the Senate, What more is required? Where
are the chains which bind theaction of the Pres-
ident? They are invisible chains. Idonotthink
they can possibly gall him much or anybody
else. He is left at entire liberty by the bill to
suspend from office anybody he pleases except
the judges of the United States courts. He
may commence the day after Congress adjourns,
and he may suspend a man appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask hiin a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the bill now?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Was not that the bill before
it was amended?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No.
Mr. LOGAN. He could suspend, could he
not?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not without giving
the Senate the reasons for the suspension—the
grounds of the indictment as it were.
Mr. LOGAN. Was he not to nominate a
successor within thirty days ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iam coming to that.
Mr. LOGAN. It is the same precisely.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not the same
precisely. It is not the same at all. Before
this amendment the President was obliged to
present to the Senate at the next session a sort
of indictment or the specifications and charges
showing the cause for suspending the man from
office. Under this bill he is not obliged to say
a word to the Senate about the cause of his
removing the man from office, but simply to
send in the man's name nominated in his place.
Now, please tell me where the chains are?
Mr. DICKEY. The Senate, then, by a
majority vote cannot reappoint the man turned
out?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir ; they can-
not reappoint, because the man has not yet
been removed. They make a distinction. In
the law they would have to use the word 11 sus-
pend," and if gentlemen are stickling about
words and are merely anxious that the word
"removal" should be substituted for the word
"suspend," if that is the only objection they
have to the bill, it seams to me that it is a very
small objection and that it is more technical
than substantial.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask my colleague this
question : what is the difference between the
original law which authorized the President to
suspend and give his reasons in writing, and
this bill which provides that he may suspend
without giving reasons, and on a vote of the
Senate the suspended man shall again resume
his office?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will answer that
question by asking another. How much dif-
ference is there between this bill, as it now
comes from the Senate, and the practice of the
Government before any tenure-of-office law
was passed ? Under the bill, as it comes from
the Senate, the President duriug the vacation
may suspend A B, collector of the port of New
York 
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer my colleague,
and show the difference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In one moment I
will allow my colleague to answer. The Presi-
dent is required under this law at the next ses-
sion to send in the name of the person he has
appointed and the fact that the other man was
suspended, without stating any causes for the
suspension. The Senate may or may not con-
cur in that action. If they do not concur, the
other man resumes the office unless the Presi-
dent sends in the nomination of somebody else,
and the Seriate shall concur in that' appoint-
ment. What is the difference between this
and the custom of the President and the Sen-
ate before any law was passed at all?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer my colleague.
The difference is this: heretofore, when the
President sent a message to the Senate it would
be in this form; "I appoint J. F. Fabssworth
in place of such a one, removed." The man
removed did not assume the office in any event,
and Mr. Fabnswobth would hold the office
until he was confirmed or rejected. In this bill,
if nominated by the President to the Senate
and not confirmed by that body, the man who
was suspended would resume the office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Preciselyin one
instance the President nominates A B in place
of C D, removed, and in tho other case he
nominates A B in place of C D, suspended;
and that is all the real difference there is.
Mr. LOGAN. But the removed man can
never exercise the duties of the office, while
the suspended man can.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Under the practice
of the Government, where a man is removed
and another man appointed in his place, the
Senate may refuse to confirm the appointment
of the other man, and the office then becomes
vacant. Under the bill from the Senate, while
the office does not become vacant, yet the
President may nominate some one else. The
Constitution says that the President may ap-
point by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. If gentlemen are not disposed to
take that power from the President, when the
President may remove at his will and pleasure
during the vacation without the consent of the
Senate, if we are to abandon that principle
and stultify ourselves and our action hereto-
fore, I cannot see what their criticism means.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire,
Mr. Speaker, with the leave of the House, to
state exactly the reasons which have influenced
me in the motion I have made for the con-
sideration of the House. It is true that I
advocated the unconditional repeal of the
tenure-of-office law, and desired a vote should
be taken on that unconditional repeal with-
out any discussion, because the question of
the repeal of the tenure-of-office law had been
discussed all through the country, and was per-
fectly well understood. Every provision of it,
as it stood, had been discussed not only in the
Hall of the Congress, but in the highest court
of the country, and everywhere throughout the
land ; and I thought the people understood
and agreed that that tenure-of-office law had
performed its function ; that it had attained
its object of preventing a bad President from
turning out good men and putting bad men in
their places; and that, having fulfilled its duty,
we could dismissit, saying, " Well done, good
and faithful servant; we have no further use
for you." Now, sir, I say that the fact that
we were ready to go back to what was the prac-
tice in this regard before the passage of the
tenure-of-office law was received with almost
perfect unanimity throughout the country.
Nothing the House ever did was ever received
with such unanimity. No motion, nothing we
ever did attracted so much the heart of the
people as the fact that we proposed to repeal
the civil tenure-of-office law.
That is the question which went to the Sen-
ate. They discussed it for days, ay, for weeks,
and then whaL was done? The discussion
turned on repeal and non-repeal, and after a
full discussion on that question there was in
a caucus, if we may credit the newspapers,
something agreed upon. Let us see what that
something is. It is because of the peculiar
nature of the proposition that I urge the ne-
cessity of having it referred to a committee of
this House for examination. It creates a new
tenure-of-office law, in my judgment, more
wrong in principle, more fatal in action, more
restrictive upon the privileges of this House
and of the people, and conferring more power
upon, the Senate than the present tenure-of-
office law. It will fetter the Executive more,
and if I were to vote for either, I would vote
for the one now remaining on the statute-book
in preference to it.
Examine it for a few moments with me, and
I will convince the House, if they are to be
convinced, that we should examine this thor-
oughly and carefully by some committee of
this House.
The first section of the amendment proposes
that tho first and second sections of the civil
tenure-of-office act shall be repealed.
