1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The next section provides that—
Every person holding any civil office to which he
has been or hereafter may be appointed, byandwith
the advice and consent of the Senate, and who shall
have become duly qualified to act therein, shall be
entitled to hold such office during the term for which
he shall have been appointed, unless sooner removed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
or by the appointment, with the like advice and
consent, of a successor in his place, except as herein
otherwise provided.
There is a declaration in favor of the power
of the Senate over every executive office ; every
man shall hold his office, unless the Senate will
agree that he shall be removed, at all times
and in all seasons; and therefore the power
of removal is transferred from the President
to the Senate.
Bat, sir, it does not stop there. Let me read
a little further:
And be it further enacted. That during any recess
of the Senate the President is hereby empowered, in
his discretion, to suspend any civil officer appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
cxcept judges of the United States courts, until the
end of the next session of the Senate, and to desig-
nate some suitable person, subject to be removed, in
his discretion, by the designation of another to per-
form the duties of such suspended officer in the mean
time; and such person so designated shall take the
oaths and give the bonds required by law to betaken
audg'iven bythe suspended officer; andshn.ll, during
the time ho performs his duties, be entitled to the
salary and emoluments of such office, no part of which
shall belong to the officer suspended; and it shall be
the duty of the President, within thirty days after
the commencement of each session of the Senate,
(except for any office which, in liis opinion, ought
not to be filled.)
Now, let us stop a moment right there. Why
was that thrust in hero ? We have cnacted that
there shall be certain officers by law, and that
there shall be certain offices to be filled. And
now we propose, without consideration, to enact
a law that, the President need not fill any office
he does not choose to fill. Why that has been
thrust in here I do not know; how it came
here I do not know. It is inclosed in paren-
theses, and is giving to the President a power
that no President ever before had, a power
which no President ever ought to have, and a
power which I am certain the present occupant
of the executive office does not desire to have.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to suggest to
the gentleman that that provision, extraordi-
nary as it is in its language, is limited by the
words in the text of the bill " to fill vacancies
which may occur."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
there are no such words in the text of the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman's
pardon ; the written text of the bill does show
it, and I say it is exactly in accordance with
the provisions of the Constitution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
desire that this extraordinary language, as the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
[Mr. Bixciiiam] himself admits it to be, con-
ferring this very extraordinary power on the
President, shall be examined by the committee
of which he is chairman, and in its stead that
they shall put in good, constitutional, legal lan-
guage. This is most extraordinary language,
as the gentleman calls it. In that 1 agree with
him. j
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow me to interrupt j
the gentleman for a moment. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very-well. |
Mr. GARFIELI). I desire to say that there j
are offices which may be filled by the President |
when vacancies occur therein if in his opinion !
it is necessary to fill them. There are several j
such offices now provided for bylaw. It occurs
to me, therefore, that this is a proper provision j
upon the subject. !
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can '
refer the gentleman fo cases of that sort. But
rhis applies to all offices.
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; let us see. The language in parentheses
is : " except, tor any office which, in his opin-
ion, ought not to be filled." ''Any office"
embraces '"all offices," I suppose; the term
covers all offices. And what next? He is —
To nominate persons to fill all vacancies in office
which existed at the meetingof the Senate, whether
temporarily filled or not, and also in the place of all
officers suspended ; and if the Senate during such
session shall refuse to advise and consent to an ap-
pointment in the place of any suspended officer, and
shall also refuse by vote to assent to his suspension,
then, and not otherwise, such officer at the end of
the session shall be entitled to resume the possession
of the office from which he was suspended, and after-
ward to discharge its duties and receive its emolu-
ments as though no such suspension had taken
place.
That is, the President suspends an officer at
his own free will and pleasure, and that sus-
pension holds good to the end of the session.
And at the same free will and pleasure the
Senate concur or non-concur in that suspen-
sion. If they non-concur, then at the end of
the session the suspended officer takes his place
again; the suspended officer, by the action of
the Senate in non-concurring in his suspen-
sion, becomes an appointed officer. And so
far this bill puts the appointing power into the
hands of the Senate; they can appoint these
officers who have been suspended by the Presi-
dent.
Now, let us see where we are. The present
law requires the President, before he suspends
an officer, to say " You have done some wrong
thing." And it then requires the Senate to
pass upon the case so made by the President,
to vote "guilty" or "not guilty" upon that
case.
Under this bill the Senate is allowed to pass
upon all possible cases, perhaps from mere
caprice. And what will be the effect of this
bill if it shall be enacted into law? The Pres-
ident suspends an officer. Immediately that
officer sets to work with his Representatives
and all his constituents, and everybody he can,
to bring a power to bear upon the Senate to
have himself reinstated. He says, "There is
nothing against me ; T am a good Republican,"
or " I am a good Democrat," as the case may
be; "I have been suspended, and the President
has given no reason for it; and I ought to be
reinstated, I ought to be put back into office
again." And he forms all manner of com-
binations, and brings all manner of influences
to bear upon the Senate to get back into office.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Will this give rise
to more combinations than can now be formed
to prevent the appointment of any one during
the session of the Senate? During the session
of the Senate A B is appointed in place of C D,
removed. If the Senate fail to consent to the
appointment of A B, then C D is not removed,
but remains in office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
already yielded so much of my time that I
cannot now yield for farther argument.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. The effect will be
precisely the same in each ease.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
that there may be something of that done in
the case mentioned by the gentleman ; but in
this ease the officer is suspended for six or
nine months, and he will have six or nine
months in which to get up his combinations
for effect upon the Senate; whereas the man
turned out of office under the present law has
not that time. In other words, we have now
before us a proposition to clothe the Senate
with power to control the appointments made
by the Executive. Now, I hold that it is
against the principles of this Government and
against the theory of our Constitution that the
executive officer of this Government shall be
called upon to do work when he cannot con-
trol, independent of everybody else, the ap-
pointments of the officers to do that work.
Why, you put in a collector of internal rev-
enue and ask him to collect the taxes; and he
cannot do so. because there is a power over
him keeping unfit men in office or giving them
encouragement that they will be retained in
office. President Grant, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, cannot, while thus hampered, collect
your taxes and execute your laws. Let us see
where we are. The moment suspension takes
place, then comes a quarrel, then comes a con-
troversy, then comes a struggle in every district
in the United States between the man who has
been removed and who hopes to get back and
the man who has been appointed and who hopes
to retain his place. The struggle thus inau-
gurated will go on in every district for six .or
nine months, the effort being to see which can
bring the strongest influence to bear upon the
Senate.
Why do I prefer the Executive to the Senate
as an appointing power? I will state the rea-
son. The Executive is responsible. Any offi-
cer can be called before him and the Executive
can say to him, " Why do you do thus?" Any
Representative of the people can call an un-
worthy officer to account before the Presi-
dent. But the Senate sits there, one Senator
being a shield for another. You go to a Sen-
ator and say, " Why was not this man turned
out?" and the answer is, "Oh, the Senate
refused to turn him out." Each Senator is
able to make the same answer to such an
inquiry. You can hold no man responsible.
Now, we all know that under a rule of cour-
tesy adopted bythe Senate the objection of the
Senators from any State settles the question of
a nomination for that State. This is an almost
invariable rule. If the two Senators from a
State concur in objecting the nomination can-
not bereached ; the committee will not report.
Thus it is impossible to get at the source of
power. The power is irresponsible, and irre-
sponsible power is ever dangerous.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to ask my friend
from Massachusetts whether he holds that by
the true construction of the Constitution the
power of removal is vested wholly in the Pres-
ident, so that we cannot properly pass a law to
restrain that power of removal ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For the
purposes of my present argument I am not
obliged to answer that question. It is a ques-
tion which would involve some discussion.
Mr. POLAND. I should like to have the
gentleman's opinion. I have so much confi-
dence in him as a constitutional lawyer that 1
should feel very much enlightened by his opin-
ion on that point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am very
much obliged to the gentleman for his compli-
ment. But it is so much easier to pay a com-
pliment than it is to give an opinion on a ques-
tion of constitutional law, that I must really
decline. [Laughter.] I will say, however,
to my friend from Vermont that I have no doubt
of the authority of Congress to regulate that
power by law.
Mr. POLAND. Does my friend from Massa-
chusetts hold that Congress has the right to
give to the Senate a veto upon tlw power of
removal, so that their consent shall be as neces-
sary to a removal as to an appointment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means do 1 hold that.
Mr. POLAND. How, then, does my friend
justify the passage of this tenure-of-office act
originally?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
had no occasion to go into a justification of
that act. [Laughter. ]
Mr. POLAND. Some of the gentleman's
political associates have had occasion to go
into such a justification. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
were many things, Mr. Speaker, which we had
to do to save the life of this country during
the war for which no justification can be found
in the Constitution. [Laughter.] There were
many things done under Andrew Johnson
which had better never be done again, and
which 1 hope will be get rid of as soon as we
can. [Renewed laughter.] I adopt what my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. WASHBuaxJ has
stated, that it had not been needed before for
eighty years, and it had fulfilled its* mission
and would not probably be needed for eighty
years to come.
I wish to present another view to the House,
and I do it to the majority of the House in all
fairness and sincerity. We are here with a
