288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
majority of the House and with a majority of
the people to do anything we please. We have
a President in fall accord with us. We are
responsible for this Government. The Repre-
sentatives of the people have declared their
opinion, in such terms as cannot be misunder-
stood, that this civil tenure-of-office law should
be repealed. They have passed the bill through
this House and pledged the people that it should
be repealed, and having made that declaration
•what does the Senate say? They say that it
may never again be passed if it be repealed.
Why not, if it be a good, wholesome law? We
have the President, we have two thirds in each
House, and why cannot we pass it again?
What is this declaration ? That they will not
vote for the repeal of this law now because if
it be repealed they may not be able to get it
again. It is a declaration of want of confidence
in the President of the United States. The Sen-
ate should have said we will repeal it, and
then if there is any danger of the Executive,
if there is any danger that wrong will be done,.
then the dominant party in this House and the
Senate will get together and after due deliber-
ation and fair consideration and careful exam-
ination, prepare a bill, which bill shall be ex-
actly such a curb which a good President will
wish to have put upon his power and such a
curb as a bad President ought to have put on
him. Wo know our President well enough to
know that he will agree to it, and there is no
danger, therefore, of any veto.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
another view of this thing. What good has
this law ever done ? Has it curbed a bad Presi-
dent? Letussee. We passed it to curb a bad
President, and Andrew Johnson ruthlessly and
in defiance of it turned out of office Edwin M.
Stanton. All of us know that was done in
direct violation of the law and that ho said he
meant to violate it. We of the House im-
peached him before theSenateandhedefended
himself on the ground that he had the right to
violate it. How was the proposition from the
House to repeal the civil tenure-of-office law met
there? In that same Senate every vote given
to acquit Andrew Johnson was cast in favor of
the proposition which comes to us as an amend-
ment. We saw by our own practice and expe-
rience that the present civil tenure-of-office law
didnot either enable us to curb a bad President
or to have him punished.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to correct
the gentleman from Massachusetts. He does
not treat the Senate fairly. He will find that
every Senator who voted to convict Andrew
Johnson voted for this amendment, and that
every one who voted to acquit Andrew John-
son was in favor of its being rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know who was in favor of the amendment. It
was passed in a secret caucus, and we do not
know who voted for the repeal or who voted
against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman can
see by looking at the vote in the Globe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In what
Globe?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, in the Con-
gressional Globe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On what
proposition ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I refer to the vote
on the passage of the amendment in the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
made by caucus dictation. Many members did
not vote, and others voted as in compromise,
and all compromises in legislation are vicious.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The men who voted
for the conviction of Andrew Johnson voted
against this amendment in open Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
nothing of that, but upon the repeal they voted
differently. Now, I have been told that the
President is satisfied with this amendment. I
have no knowledge more than other people
have on the subject: I do not profess to have
that knowledge which some people claim to
have; but I have no doubt if he said anything
about it it was under such circumstances as
those: a committee of the Senate waited upon
him and said, "Sir, you are our President and
we are in trouble in the Senate, and if you
do not agree to this proposition we shall be
involved in difficulty among ourselves." And
so the President says, " I will agree to that
or anything else rather than you shall have
trouble; I do not mean to put inyself in your
way, nor to make a division in the party."
But I think when he said it he relied upon the
sentiment of the country, upon the House of
Representatives, upon a sense of our own dig-
nity, our own right, our own consistency, to
save him from the disgrace of this law by which
his hands are tied.
Now, let us look at this in another view.
What was said in the Senate during the whole
debate? It was said, "Why, the House of
Representatives have not examined this ques-
tion ; they have not taken it into considera-
tion ; they have thrust it upon us without
debate." What is now the proposition I make ?
It is that when this crude law comes up before
us, which my friend the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee [Mr. Bingham] says contains
very remarkable language—when this law which
was only considered over night, conceived in
darkness and ought never to have seen the
light, comes up before us for amendment or
repeal, we shall not in hot haste, without re-
ferring it to acommittee, concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate, which has not been printed
except in the newspapers, and which not one
half of the members of the House have read
until the debate began here to-day—that we
shall not in hot haste pass upon this most im-
portant question affecting the constitutional
powers of the Executive, the Senate, and the
House—a question of more importance than
any with which we have to deal.
Now, sir, I propose to add to my motion,
before it is finally put, this modification : that
the committee have leave to report at any time.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York
to offer an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts by add-
ing the following instructions :
And that the committee be instructed to report
provisions under which the constitutionality of the
act (if thesamobe continued in force) may be determ-
ined by the Supreme Court of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How
much more time have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not be
seconded. I desire to be heard.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to submit
my motion to concur.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 90, noes 59.
Mr. WARD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
54, noes 92.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do not
let us fillibuster on this.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. WARD. Tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was first on the amendment of
Mr. Davis.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is an extract from
Andrew Johnson's defense.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to—ayes 52, noes 78.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Botler, of Massachusetts, to refer the
amendment of the Senate to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM and Mr. FARNSWORTH
moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the motion to
refer ; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 91, nays 79, not voting 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Armstrong, Arnell,
Ax toil, Banks, Bennett, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Bowen,
Boyd, Brooks, Buffinton, Benjamin Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb. Conger, Crebs, "Davis,
Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Eldridge,
Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Pox, Getz, GilfiUa.ri, GriswoUl,
Haight, 1-Ialdeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Haw-
kins, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoag, Hoar, Holman, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kerr, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Mayham,
Mereur, Mo fret, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen,
Nib lack, Orth, Palmer, Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Heading,Reeves,Sanford.Schumaker, Sheldon, Slo-
cum, Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Taffe, Tanner. Townsend,
Twichell.Tyner, Van Horn, Van Trump, William B.
Washburn, Wells, Whittemore, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Witeher, "Wood, and Woodward—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Asper, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Burr,
Roderick It. Butler,Cake, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dixon, Dockery, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fitch, G-arfield,
Golladay, Hawley, Hopkins, llotchkiss, Jenckes,
Kelloy, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Laflin,
Lawrence. Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McUormick,
McGrew, McNeely, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stoughton, Strickland,
Sweeney, Tillman, Trimble, Upson, Ward, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn. Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and Winans—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Bailey, Beaman,
Burdett, Cleveland. JbDla, Fisher, Greene, Hamilton,
Hooper, Ingersoll,Judd,McCrary,EliakimH. Moore,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Peters, Schenck, John
A. Smith, Stokes, Strader, Van Auken, and Voor-
hees—2.1.
So the bill and amendments were referred to
the Committee cn the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I enter a
motion to reconsider the vote just taken, and
I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Lieu-
tenant II. C. McArthur, late of the fifteenth
Iowa infantry, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. BOWEN The petition of James 0.
Ladd, who was maimed in the service of the
United States, asking for an increase of pen-
sion.
Also, a petition of the Board of Trade of
Charleston, South Carolina, asking the repeal
of certain laws by which the western cities of
the Union are restricted to certain ports of
entry.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts : The
memorial of Mrs. Janet H. de Kay, widow of
Commodore George C. de Kay, for reimburse-
ment of the amount expended by him while
in command of the United States frigate Mace-
donian, employed under act of Congress to
transport food to the famishing poor of Ireland
and Scotland.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of citizens of
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking that a
special law be passed exempting the distillery
of Samuel Neason, of said county, from that
provision of the internal revenue law which
requires a storekeeper for each distillery.
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 17 citizens
of Kansas, residing on the Osage Indian lands,
asking Congress for relief.
By Mr. WILLARD : A petition for a post
route, &c., from Marshfield to East Cabot, Ver-
mont.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The memorial
of J. li. Dodge and others, on the subject of the
remuneration of certain parties engaged in the
Agricultural Department.
