1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The b'ill
can only come up by unanimous cunsent.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
themselves must be the judges of what reports
they will make.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn, for really the public interest
requires 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the bill
asked for by the Senator from Michigan ?
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
are in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to present to the
Senate an amendment to that joint resolution,
which I ask may be printed for the purpose of
being considered hereafter. I dare say there
will be no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The amendment will be
received and be ordered to be printed. If there
be no further reports of committees, the intro-
duction of bills and joint resolutions is in order.
BILLS lNIKODUCKD.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 205) granting an increase of pension to
Emily B. Bidwell, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Daniel D. Bidwell, Saliie Griffin, widow of
General Charles Griffin, and to Sarah Hackle-
man, widow of Brigadier General Pleasant A.
Hackletnan ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave no introduce a bill (S.
No. 200) to detach the port of St. Paul from
the collection district of Minnesota and to an-
nex it to the collection district of Louisiana,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
*207) to establish a probate court in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that I ox-
press no opinion either favorably or unfavor-
ably to the bill. I present it at the request of
citizens here. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and be
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 208)
amending an act entitled " An act setting aside
certain proceeds from internal revenue for the
erection of penitentiaries in the Territories of
Nebraska, Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Arizona, and Dakota," approved Jan-
uary 122, 1867 ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 209)
to insure the completion of the Washington
Monument; which was read twice by its titlc.^
referred to the Committee on the District ot
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2101 relating to judicial proceedings in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
ils title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
212) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the UnitedStates ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 213) establishing the right of way of the
Portage Lake and River Impiovement Com-
pany, and providing for and making a grant
of land to aid in the construction of said im-
provement ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 214) in addition to the several acts for
establishing the temporary and permanent seat
of Government of the United States, and to
resume the legislative powers delegated to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown and the
levy court in the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 do not mean to express
any opinion upon the merits of the bill in
introducing it, either favorable or unfavorable.
I ask that a communication from sundry citi-
zens of this District relating to the subject-
matter of the bill may be received with the
bill and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and printed. I move that
the bill also be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 40) for the protection
of soldiers and their heirs; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous eon
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 47) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted amendments
intended to be proposed by the Committee on
Commerce to the bill (H. R. No. 123) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 80,1870 ; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
SETTLERS ON CHEROKEE LANDS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of joint resolution
No. 6. It is a mere local matter, a proposi-
tion to allow some settlers in my State to get
a title to their homesteads.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 0) to en-
able actual settlers on certain lands within the
State of Kansas known as the '' Cherokee
strip" to purchase said lands. The preamble
recites that a certain tiact of laud situated
immediately south of the Osage ceded lands,
so called, in the State of Kansas, and known
as the "Cherokee strip," was ceded to the
United States by the Cherokee tribe of Indians
by article seventeen of a treaty executed by
the United States and the Cherokee tribe,
dated July 19, 1860, and proclaimed August
11, 18G6, and that these lands have not been
surveyed, and a large number of citizens of
the United States have settled upon and occu-
pied them.
The resolution proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to cause the said lands to
be surveyed as the public lands of the United
States are surveyed under the direction ot the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
to declare that any aciual settler residing upon
the lands who has made improvements thereon,
and who is a citizen, or who shall have de-
clared his intention to become such, shall be
entitled to purchase such tract or parcel of
land, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, as shall after survey be found to include
his improvements, at the price of $1 2o per
acre, and shall be entitled to pay fur the same
in four auuual installments of twenty-five per
cent, each, with interest at the rate of five per
cent, per annum, the first of the installments
to be paid at the expiration of one year from
the date of the sale, under such rules and regu-
lations as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Interior.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
so to amend the preamble and resolution as to
make them read:
Whereas a certain tract of land, situated imme-
diately south of the Osage ceded lands, so called, in
the State ot Kansas, and kuown as the "Cherokee
strip," was ceded to the United States by the Chero-
kee tribo of Indians, by article seventeen of a treaty
executed by ttio United States and said Cherokee
tribe, dated July 19, A. I). 1866, and proclaimed
August 11, A. D. 1806; and whereas said lands have
not been surveyed and declared public lands: There-
fore,
Be it resolved, <£c.. That said lands are hereby de-
clared as publiclands.subjecttotheseveral provisions
of the preemption and homestead laws as operativein
the State ot Kansas; and that the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hereby is. directed to cause said
lands to be surveyed as the public lands of the United
States are surveyed under the direction of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Otiiee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HARLAN subsequently said: I rise to
a privileged question. I move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 6 was passed. [ am willing that the
motion maybe entered, and I will call it up
at some other time.
Mr. STEWART. What is that resolution?
Mr. HARLAN. It is to declare to be pub-
lic land a strip of land which I suppose belongs
to the Cherokee Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
desires an opportunity to examine the treaty,
and I want the resolution to lie over until he
has seen the treaty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
OKDElt Oi' BUSINESS.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 6.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection?
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The intro-
duction of bills is still in order.
Mr. THAYER. I submit the motion to the
Senate, and ask that the question be put.
The PRESIDENTp-oiemjjwe. The motion
is not in order, except by unanimous consent,
until the morning business has been concluded.
Mr. THAYER. Bills have been passed, and
I supposed the morning business was through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bills
that have been passed have all been considered
i by unanimous consent. The introduction of
! bills and joint resolutions is still in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the Senate would
be good enough to take up for consideration
Senate bill No. 195, that it may be passed and
sent, to the other House. It is a practical
measure that must be acted upon.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection 1
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection.
Mr. THAYER. I should like the rule to be
applied in all cases. I do not wish to object
ji to any Senator making such a motion as this;
I but if a rule is to be applied to myself which
j is not applied to others I must object,
j Mr. SUMNER. I never objected to the
Senator.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; I will not make
an objection ; but I submit to the Senate that
this course*of treatment is not just.
Mr. SUMNEll. I do not think it is.
Mr. THAYER. The morning business is
0>Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will
proceed with Senate bill No. 195. _
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire ot the
Chair if the morning business is concluded ?
