1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
adopted by Congress. Nevertheless, I voted
for it before. Why? To avoid what I thought
would be a greater injury and a greater evil.
In my judgment it is doubtful whether we can
arrive, upon that particular clause, at a con-
clusion. The objections to itare much stronger
and have been urged with very much greater
force than they were before. My own belief
is that the true proposition to make in relation
to that matter is to increase, as recommended
by the Comptroller of the Currency two or three
years ago, the gross amount some $15,000,000,
to be appropriated entirely for the benefit of the
southern States, and a proportionate decrease,
after that is done, of the greenbacks, so called.
That would afford all the relief they can pos-
sibly want within the year. That would not
increase the currency, and it would not perpe-
trate a gross injustice upon the States which
have been mentioned. I think that a little
delay, in order that that idea may be considered
and put in shape, will be a very great advan-
tage to the bill itself, and we shall be_ very
much more likely to arrive at a conclusion if
we follow that idea out. I am opposed at pres-
ent to the amendment suggested by my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
for I do not think it can carry, and I do not
think it quite advisable that it should, because
without such a violent increase we could reach
all that is necessary for the benefit and the
relief of the southern States in that particular.
Entertaining those views with regard to that
bill, and entertaining the views that I have
expressed with reference to the importance of
disposing of the Indian appropriation bill with
regard to fixing an early day of adjournment,
which day cannot, be fixed until that bill is
finally disposed of, I hope the Senate will take
up the Indian appropriation bill and dispose
of it, and I shall not then despair of the other.
This, however, is only in the discharge of my
duty as chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. If the Senate see fit to sustain me,
very well; I am ready to take up the bill. If
the Senate chooses to leave it all uncertain, for
the sake of following out the other bill and
occupying this week with it, and postponing
the bill which I speak of, the Indian appro-
priation bill, to an indefinite period in the
future, it is for the Senate to decideand I,
having done my duty with regard to it,_ shall
of course be content; I shall have nothing to
say. . ,
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a question of the
order of business. The body of Senators have
agreed that both these bills shall be disposed
of at the present session of Congress._ Both
are admitted to be important. The distribu-
tion of the currency has been a standing chronic
cause of complaint now for over three years.
It is increasing until the people themselves have j
taken up the cry, and I think it is a subject that !
demands and should receive our attention. I
have no pride of opinion as to the mode to be
adopted to give this relief. I shall be very glad,
indeed, to see any mode of relief adopted that
will not do injury to any section. But it is a
subject pressing upon our attention. Now,
here is the difference between the bill repre-
sented by the Senator from Maine and. this
bill: if this bill is postponed, in the ordinary
course of things it cannot probably be taken
up again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not follow.
Mr. SHERMAN. And it is defeated for
this session; while the appropriation bill will
be passed, for it must be taken up and passed.
This bill is now before the Senate. It_ has
been partly debated. Shall we postpone it in
order to take up a new subject, and then take
it up again? That is not according to the
proper order of business. Therefore, if Sen-
ators intend to pass any kind ot bill for the
redistribution of the banking circulation, now
is the time to do it, because it it is not done
now it will not be done at all. Hie Indian bill
is the onlv anpropriation bill that is pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mis-
taken about that. There is a deficiency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion is the only regular appropriation bill, and
there is a deficiency bill. As a matter of
coarse they must be passed. The House has
fixed a day of adjournment. We all know
that cannot be acted upon; and the resolution
of the House lies on our table as so much waste
paper. We all know that their day of adjourn-
ment cannot be agreed to. Indeed, I do not
anticipate for myself an adjournment before
the middle of April. I trust that those friendly
to this bill will now aid in its passage, or else I
shall consider myself acquitted from any far-
ther obligation ill the matter.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend from Iowa
will excuse mo for a moment, I think the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio is hardly justified in
saying that. Supposing I should get up here
and say " Unless" the Senator will follow my
lead in the proposition I make I shall abandon
the bill as chairman of the committee and leave
the thing to take its course?" I do not think
such a threat as that is a proper one.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; 1 beg pardon. I
say that is the natural effect of that mode of
proceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ia not the natural
effect. I differ with the honorable Senator.
Both bills are to be considered. The question
is a question of the order of business, as the
Senator says. Nothing is more common than
to postpone one important bill to take up
another. The great question is, ill my judg-
ment, which will first reach the point that we
all wish to attain—enable us to fix the time
when we shall adjourn? If the Senate wish
to stay here I have no objection.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is due, I think, to the
Committee on Indian Affairs that I should
state that they are engaged in preparing amend-
ments which they intend to offer to the Indian
appropriation bill. We should feel compelled,
therefore, to insist that final action on the
Indian appropriation bill should not be had
to-day. Whether the public business will be
facilitated by taking it up and reading it
through, and disposing of the amendments pro^
posed by the Committee on Appropriations, of
course the Senate will judge ; but I shall feel
it my duty to object to the final passage of that
appropriation bill to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated to the Senate
that in my judgment the Indian appropriation
bill must take two days in its -consideration.
The Senator knows that there is a very large
number of amendments which lie proposed at
the last session that have been adopted by the
Committee on Appropriations. That being the
case, we must go over and act upon them. I he
Senator understands that. Many of his amend-
ments are undoubtedly such as lie can move
immediately. If he has others, they can be
offered to-morrow. I propose to take the bill
up to-day for the simple reason that in my
judgment the bill must take two days to de-
termine it, and it would be much better for the
business of the Senate that it should he done
this week instead of going over to the next,
and thus protracting the time when we ought
to fix the day of adjournment.^ Every Senator
understands the whole question, and I have
nothing further to say about it.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one suggestion
that I venture to make to my friend, the Sen- i
ator from Ohio, who has in charge the cui- >
rency bill. It does seem to me that the last
proposition in his bill requires furtner consid- ^
eration in committee and ought to be further I
matured. It is not in final, definite shape, j
Already a substitute has been moved by my
colleague, and I have on my table to-dav an-
other substitute from another Senator which
has not had the consideration of the commit-
tee at all. Now, I venture to invite my friend
to take into consideration again this important
matter, and meanwhile allowus to proceed
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to interrupt
my friend and say that this very question has
been before the Committee on Finance for
three years. I hold in my hand now a bill
introduced three years ago by the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessjsxden] on this very subject,
and from that hour to this the subject has been
constantly there and most maturely considered.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand it has been
long before the committee ; but then my friend
will pardon me if I say that it does not seem
to me that the committee have yet reached the
best result.
Mr. SHERMAN. That may be.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope, therefore, they
will be good enough to take it into consider-
ation once more, and meanwhile let us pro-
ceed with the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to postpone the pending and all prior
orders and to proceed to the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron,Colo, Conktincr. Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Fowler, Gilbert, Grimes, Ilowe. Nye, Patter-
son, Scott, Spraguo, Sumner, Tipton, Williams, and
Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Brownlow, Cas-
seriy.Cattell,Chandler, Davis, Drake, denton, Harris,
Howard, Kellogg, McCroery, McDonald, Morrill,
Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rip©, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, 8horm an,Spencer, Stockton, ihayer,
Thurman, Trumbull, Vickcrs, Wiltey, and Yafes 32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Edmunds, Hamil-
ton, Ilamlin, Ilarlan, Norton, Osborn, Pool, ltoss,
Saulsbury, Stewart, and Warner—12.
So the motion of Mr. Fessekiien was not
agreed to.
VRESIDENTIAL AlH'ltOVALS.
j A message from the President of the United
I States, by Mr. Horace Pouteh, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the following bill and joint
resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 37) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 20) in relation
to light-houses on the coast of Oregon ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) relative to
consular fees.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 42)
for the relief of Orlando Brown.
The mess-age also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lutions ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 206) for the relief of
Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Major-
Francis McKee, of Smith county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of Cap-
tain George E. Grisham, of Tennessee ;
A bill (II. R. No. 269) for the relief of Wil-
liam E. Byrd, of Hancock county, State of
Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 270) for the relief of Henry
33 Alc^rs}
A bill (II. R. No. 271) for the relief of
Colonel Samuel W. Price, of the twenty-first
Kentucky volunteers;
I A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of
i Alfred E. Brooke, postmaster at Ilion, New
j A joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) for the
! relief of Alfred B. Winslow, postmaster ot
I Portland, Maine: .
I A joint resolution (II. R. No. ol) authonz-
i ing the transfer of certain appropriations here-
tofore made ; and ,
I A joint resolution (H. R. No. oi) for
!: relief of Francis S. McDonald.
i1, The message further announoed_that^the
lULbUCl. c
House had appointed Mr. Mabtis w blkeb o
Ohio. Mr. Porter Sheldon of New York,
Mr J R Reabing of Pennsylvania, Mr. 1.
a JeVckks of Rhode Wand, and Mr. Jacob
Benton of New Hampshire, members of the
joint Committee on .Retrenchment on its part
