1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for this amendment under just such an under-
standing of it as might be derived from the
enswer whicli my honorable friend [Mr. Wil-
son] lias been good enough to give to my ques-
tion. It seems to me that he does not quite
appreciate the length and breadth of the pro-
posed results.
There is now, as I understand, of legal-
tender currency afloat, in round numbers,
§350,000,000—I reject the thousand—and of
fractional currency $36,000,000; making a
total'of $392,802,000—for brevity we will say
$400,000,000.
Then there is the national bank currency, in
round numbers $300,000,000, making together
$700,000,000. Now the honorable Senator
proposes to fix the limit of the total circula-
tion at $656,000,000, if I understood aright.
How does he propose to do it? First, with-
out any provision as to the creation or selec-
tion of the bonds which shall be issued as the
basis, to enlarge the secured circulation, as I
may say the interest-bearing circulation of the
country, $50,000,000 ; of course the interest-
bearing circulation, because by the national
bank act and its amendments as they stand
bonds bearing six per cent, interest in coin
exempt from taxation must be lodged dollar
for dollar, varying not more than ten per cent,
for this circulation. Therefore the Senator
will see that he is not right in supposing that
ten-forty bonds bearing live per cent, interest
are thus to be employed; on the contrary,
six per cent, bonds, such as the bank act de-
scribes, are to be used for this purpose.
I should like to know whence these bonds
are to be obtained, if I wish to establish a
bank in one of the localities to which this
amendment will be applicable am I to go into
the market in Boston or New York and buy
of bonds already afloat as much as I need for
the purpose, or am I to go and apply to the
Comptroller of the Currency and the Secretary
of the Treasury and get them to issue new
bonds for this purpose? The amendment is
entirely silent, For aught I see it would be
permitted to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury or the discretion of somebody
else. Surely we do not mean that; onthecon-
trary, we do mean to know before we start
whether the bonds thus to be used are bonds
now in existence or additional bonds to be
created afresh for the purpose. To that point
I beg to ask the attention of my honorable
friend.
Let us proceed to the next step. These bonds
having been issued, or at all events having
been hypothecated with the Comptroller of the
Currency for this currency, the time logically
and inevitably is to come when an equivalent
sum of legal-tender notes is to be withdrawn
from circulation and canceled, and in their
stead is to be issued the satne amount of bonds,
bearing five per cent, interest in coin, and ex-
empt from State and national taxation.
The honorable Senator will see that one in-
evitable effect of this exchange is to be, with-
out increasing the volume of circulation at all,
to substitute $50,000,000 which bear interest
for only $50,000,000 which bear no interest
whatever. Who is to be benefited by that?
And in asking that question I beg to assure the
Senate that 1 do not mean to enter upon a dis-
cussion, philosophical or otherwise, to show
that currency, like water put into the channels,
runs where it is needed. I do not mean to go
into a refutation—which I conceive not to be
difficult—of all the arguments which are here
made to show that whenever you have found a
spot on which there is not a bank you have
also found a spot ill treated in respect of cir-
culation and deficient in circulation. I do not
believe it at all. On the contrary, I believe the
reverse just as much as I believe that water
will run down hill if you give it the opportu-
nity ; and I believe that no matter where may
be the locadon, the home office, if I may so
say, of a New England or a New York bank,
its bills, like all other bills, go by a law^ as
unerring and irresistible as the law of gravita-
tion to the point where circulation is most
needed and most useful. Therefore I follow
only at a distance Senators who express the
sense they feel of injustice done to certain
localities omitted or partially omitted in the
distribution of circulation. But I waive that
for this purpose, and I inquire by what mode
of reasoning we are to arrive at the conclu-
sion that a benefit is to be conferred by keep-
ing the amount of circulation exactly the same,
one kind of circulation to perform no function
which is not performed by the other, but
arranging it so as to pay interest where now
we pay none.
In the bill as it comes from the committee
there is a section, the last I believe, which
provides for transplanting banks from one
place to another. It seems to mo that ought
to take the place of the fourth section, and to
satisfy those who argue in favor of the fourth
section. That does a wroug to nobody; on
the contrary, it invites, and invites by appeal-
ingto cupidity—and that is an invitation almost
certain to be accepted, rarely declined on ac-
count of a previous engagement or anything
else—all men engaged in banking to transfer
their banks to that point where banking is
most profitable, because there is the least com-
petition and the least occupation of the ground
already. That section I can vote for very
heartily, and that section, when it becomes the
law, will enable the transfer from locality to
locality of those banking privileges which are
supposed, in some way or other, to circum-
scribe and bound circulation. But aside now
from the permission given to the banks to
change their location from one place to an-
other, I ask how is anything to be gained by
keeping the volume of circulation just the
same, imparting to the new circulation no
additional" function or value over legal-tender
notes, but paying interest upon $50,000,000,
which $50,000,000 is out now, passing from
hand to hand and demanding no interest at all.
If some adequate reason can be given for
this I may feel warranted 111 giving my vote in
favor of adding to the enormous interest ac-
count under which the country groans now the
interest on $50,000,000 at live or six percent,
in coin, with ati exemption from taxation at
least two per cent, more annually, I beg Sen-
ators to notice, making thus eight per cent, at
least, if they are to be six percent, bonds with
the premium on gold to be added, and seven
per cent, if they are to be five per cent, bonds,
with the premium on gold added. I beg Sen-
ators to observe that that is the rate of interest
which it is proposed to impose upon the Treas-
ury of the country for the purpose of substi-
tuting one kind of circulation for another, the
latter being no better than the former, and
without expanding and without diminishing,
but all the time keeping just the same the vol-
ume of currency which is out. As 1 say, if (here
is a reason for this, which I have not heard
assigned in this debate, then, enormous as the
rate of interest is, enormous as the total of this
added interest will be, and onerously enormous
as the interest which we are already paying is, j
still we must vote it, vote it upon the doctrine
of public equivalents and advantages, if putting
the evil in one scale and the argument in the
other the argument is heavy enough to make
the evilkiclcthe beam ; but the argument I want !|
to hear, and to my apprehension I have not |j
yet heard it. 'j
Mr. President, I shall not vote knowingly to j
take from the State of New York—I shall be i|
pardoned for illustrating by my own State—one ;!
farthing of circulation which came to New j!
York as a part of an arrangement by which ;!
her banking system, with which she was eon- !
tented, and with which she had reason to be
contented, was virtually trampled out under !
the heel of Federal power, whether justly or j
not I do not say. I shall not vote to take from j
her one farthing of circulation for winch under |
the law and according to the law she paid, and ;
which, in justice, I believe she is entitled to j
retain. I will vote most cheerfully tor any <
provision which has not the effect of expan-
sion, of carrying us still further from the specie
basis and from a hope of return to it, and which
tends in any way to diminish the evil which is
supposed to exist; and, as I say, if there is no
other way to reach that evil, and this will do
it, then 1 am willing to vote for a provision
which involves an increase of interest; but
upon my present understanding I cannot vote
to blot out $50,000,000 of legal-tender notes
which cost us nothing, which tloat as freely as
the air and entail not one farthing of cost upon
us, and substitute for them national bank cur-
rency, for every dollar of which we are to pay
interest, which is not less fairly considered
than eight or nine per ceut., as gold rules to-
day.
Mr. WILSON. The opposition of the Sen-
ator from New York to the amendment I have
proposed is this—nothing more, nothing less—
that it increases the interest-bearing debt of
the United States to the amount of $50,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Without giving any cor-
responding benefit.
Mr. WILSON. According to the Senator's
argument it does give no corresponding benefit,
for he maintains that currency will go where it
is wanted; that it flows like the waters, like
the tides, to any section of the country where
it is needed, and therefore that banking capital
is not needed in the South or in the western
States. He thinks it is not necessary to do
anything at all. He does not propose to vote
to take trom New York or from any other por-
tion of the country the banking circulation it
now has by law and give it to any other sec-
tion. If his theory be true, that nothing is
gained by putting this interest-bearing debt of
$50,000,000 upon the country, he is perfectly
justified in voting against the measure, against
the amendment, and against the bill also. I
do not so regard it. I believe it will be a real
advantage to the States of the South, whose
banking institutions perished in the rebellion,
to be able to establish banks.
Mr. CONKLING-. So do I.
Mr. WILSON. Their local interests would
be promoted by it. The banks would be gen-
erally managed by business men of that sec-
tion of thecountry, would be managed for their
own local interests, and the circulation would
be to some extent retained in that part of the
country, so as to be conducive to their local
business interests. So with the new States of
the West. Believing that the desire of nearly
all the new States of the West and of the en-
tire South to increase their banking capital is
founded in reason I am willing to gratify it;
but I desire to do so without striking a blow at
New York interests or Massachusetts inter-
ests or the interests of any section of the coun-
try. I wish to do so by simply putting upon
the whole country, all sections of the country,
the interest of $50,000,000. The Senator says
we do not increase the circulation or diminish
the circulation. It is well understood that we
do not want to increase the circulation, and
there is much opposition to diminishing it be-
cause we arc all talking about coming to specie
pavmcnts some time. We say a great deal about
specie payment, and we propose to legislate
about it." I apprehend that if we come to
specie payments at all we shall woik ourselves
up to that point by earning money, by increas-
ing our property.
The Senator says the country is now groan-
ing under the great burden of interest imposed
upon us by the national debt. 1 do not believe
the country is groaning at all. I have heard
no groaning. I see more expenditure, more
extravagance in the country among all condi-
tions of men now Hum at any other period of
our history. Last year tins nation earned not
, less than $5,000,000,000 and added to the cap-
j ital of the country enough to extinguish more
' than half of the national debt, and it we have
! good crops this year we shall add more than a
1 thousand millions to the property of this coun-
try in the year to come. A nation that can
earn $5,000,000,000 annually, that can add to
its capital annually more than a thousand mil-
lion dollars, is not in a desperate conditiorf.
The laborer of the country is better paid than
