298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
ator allow me to ask him this question : how
did it happen that the law was violated and
there was so much of an excess?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in a
moment.
Mr. HOWARD. Whose fault was it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain in a mo-
ment. On the 3d of March, 1865, Congress
passed a law which, after making certain other
provisions, reads as follows:
"And that $150,000,000 of the entire amount of cir-
culating notes authorized to be issued shall be ap-
portioned to associations in the States, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in the Territories, according
to representative population, and the remainder
shall be apportioned by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury among associations formed in the several States,
in the District of Columbia, and in the Territories,
having due regard to the existing banking capital,
resources, and business of such States, District, and
Territories."
This was passed on the 3d of March, 1865,
and, as the Senator from Michigan sees, re-
stores the old provision of apportionment and
repeals the act of July, 1864, which authorizes
existing banks to go beyond the limit. That is
now the law of the land. It has never, been
changed, modified, oraltered, except as I shall
hereafter show. Unfortunately, as I think, we
must all admit now, my friend from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] at the close of the
session, I think in March, 1865, as the Con-
gressional Globe will show, offered as an amend-
ment to the internal revenue bill a long bill,
and probably at a late hour of the session,
when we were all wearied, this section, which
has been the cause of all the embarrassment,;
and the Comptroller of the Currency has given
to this section a wrong construction, and under
it all this inequality has arisen. Now, mark
its language. The law that I have read was
passed on the 3d of March, 18G5, and, as the
congressional debate will show, it had been
debated in this body end passed before this
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
was offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read that onco more.
Mr. SHERMAN. After speaking of various
provisions about the banking act, it says:
" Ami thai $150,000,000 of tho entire amount of cir-
culating notes authorized to bo issued shall be ap-
portioned to associations in the States, in tho District
of Columbia, and in the Territories, according to rep-
resentative population."
And the remainder was to be apportioned
according to business resources. In other
words, it restored the language of the original
act. But unfortunately, after this had passed,
as I supposed, into a law, although it was not
finally approved until the 3d of March, 1865,
the Senator from Rhode Island offered his
proposition, and', as the debate will show, said
that in the apportionment or in the application
of the banking capital and banking circulation
allotted to a State an existing bank ought to
have the preference, and that was the state-
ment upon which it passed. It was in these
words :
"That any existing bank organized under tho laws
of <iny State, haying a paid-up capital of not less
tlmn $75,000, which shall apply before the 1st day of
July next lor authority to become a national bank,
tinder tho act entitled 'An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulafion and redemption
thereof,' approved June 3, 1861. and shall comply
with all tho requirements of said act, shall, if such
bank be found by the Comptroller of the Currency to
be in good standing and credit, receive such authority
jn preference to new associations applying for the
earae.
Now, one construction of this act would say
that if in the State of Rhode Island any portion
of their share under existing law remained to
be distributed it should be given to an old bank
rather than to a new bank. It did not ghange
the rule of apportionment. It said nothing
about the rule of apportionment except who
was to get it, and that the old banks should
have the preference; and in the State of New
York the thing actually existed; the old banks
and the new banks were coming in, and this
provision was intended to give the old banks
the preference. But the Comptroller of the
Currency, as I think in violation of law, con-
strued the proposition offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island as a repeal of this other
section, disregarded that section entirely, and
allowed the old banks to come in.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
all this was during the war. Let me say to
him that up to the close of the war there was
no very great inequality of circulation. Up
to the close of the war Massachusetts had not
come into this system to the extent that she
afterward did; but availing themselves of this
privilege after the war was over, when every-
body saw that it was a great advantage to have
national banking circulation, when the diffi-
culties had passed away, adopting the con-
struction of the Comptroller of the Currency,
they rushed in and got this enormous aggre-
gate of circulation. They converted the whole
of their old banks into this banking system
after the war was over, and before the 1st of
July, 1865. So that, upon what I conceive to
be an erroneous construction of the law, they
now claim to hold an unfair advantage of the
rest of the people of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask a question.
Admitting what the Senator from Ohio asserts
to be the true construction, there were certain
banks in Massachusetts, for example, that had
legal franchises under that law, organized
early, who had put in their money and received
their circulation. Afterward, in violation of
the construction that the Senator from Ohio
puts upon the law, other banks came in, and
he says they are illegal corporations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not say that at all.
Mr. GRIMES. That it was a violation of
the statute. Now, I want to know upon what
principle of law or justice it is that he makes
this present statute, which he asks us to pass,
apply to those early formed charters that were
created and organized strictly in accordance
with the law? Why is it that you despoil them
when there is not any pretense that they have
been guilty of misfeasance or malfeasance, or
that they were organized in violation of any
part of the law?
Mr. SHERMAN. In the application of a
general rule like this I have no doubt there
will be some inconvenience, perhaps some in-
justice. I certainly do not desire to injure any
banks or any citizen of those States. But now,
when we are compelled to do what is right, is
it not just that we should give some circulation
to the States that have none, even if we have
to withdraw that which is held, I think without
law, in other States?
Mr. GRIMES. But you are withdrawing it
from those who are holding it under the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion after all comes down to this—and I do
not think we ought to lug into this debate the
subject of funding the debt—shall there be a
redistribution, of banking circulation? The
people of Ohio are entirely impartial in this
matter. Their interests are not affected.
When you propose to reduce the volume of
greenbacks and add to the burdens of interest
of this country at this time you do introduce
a question that affects all of usalike, and I say
that whenever we fund the greenbacks it must
not be for the purpose of giving bank circula-
tion; it must be for reducing our currency so
as to get back to specie payments. The ques-
tion of the reduction of the greenbacks is a
question of public policy. This is simply a
question of equality among the States, of a fair
distribution of the banking circulation.
We were very careful in touching this ques-
tion not to do anything that was harsh or in-
jurious. It would be only even-handed jus-
tice to withdraw from these States the whole
$60,000,000; that is, it would apply a general
rule. I have not proposed and do not intend to
propose such" a thing, because a general inter-
ference with the business of the people of those
States to the extent of making a fair and equal
rule would work injury to them and work in-
jury to the whole country; but, in my judg-
ment, the transfer of a reasonable and small
amount of this circulation, while it may give
local advantages to the southern States, would
not materially injure the business of these older
States. At any rate, it is just and fair, and, as
I said yesterday, if the people of my own State
were in the same condition I should feel dis-
posed at once to vote for it.
But all these other collateral questions ought
not to be dragged into this debate. The prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts
raises the question of retiring our United States
notes._ That is quite a different question.
Here is a mere question of the distribution of
bank circulation, a matter in which the great
public have no interest; it is only a question
of local interest. It is now proposed to mingle
with that question of local interest a question
of overriding national interest; that is, whether
or not the greenbacks should give place to the
national banknotes or the national banknotes
should give place to the greenbacks. Why,
sir, the proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would create a contraction of the
currency that would be very great indeed. It
is true the aggregate currency would be the
same; bank notes would assume the place
of greenbacks ; but the result of the reduction
of greenbacks would be to bring us squarely
toward specie payments. If Senators desire
that, let them vote accordingly. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana, if adopted—
the retirement, the fuudingof $100,000,000 of
greenbacks into bonds—would bring us squarely
to the resumption of specie payments, and the
funding of $50,000,000 would go far toward it.
If we are in favor of entering upon that road
now, well and good.
But that is not the question that is intro-
duced in this bill. All that there is in this bill,
and all that is proposed by this bill, is to secure
a partial redistribution of the banking circula-
tion until we can adopt some permanent finan-
cial measure looking to free banking and spe-
cie payments. It is temporary in its character ;
and I must confess that the great objection I
have to this measure is that it is temporary in
its character. 1 would not press this bill now
to secure this partial justice to the southern
States but for the fact that the bill reported
from the Committee on Finance, or some bill
of that kind looking toward specie payments
and free banking, would not be adopted during
the present or at the last session of Congress.
The redistribution of $20,000,000 of circula-
tion will give them temporary relief, will prob-
ably be all that can be absorbed in those States
for the next year or so, and, in my judgment,
will not do any considerable injury to the peo-
ple of the Stateswhosecurrency will beaffected.
I hope, without any further prolonged de-
bate—-and I beg pardon for occupying so much
tirie now in replying to the observations that
have been made this morning—that we may
have a vote on this bill and get it out of the
road.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, rather than
that the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts should prevail, for one I
should prefer the transfer of that amount of
circulation from the States named. I think
that Senators from the South, as well as from
the West and North, mistake this whole ques-
tion. It is a question of $1,200,000 in gold to
be paid or to remain with the stockholders of
the banks referred to in the States mentioned,
or to be paid to those who may organize banks
at the South. I have endeavored to inculcate
the idea that m effect there will be restored
to the business interests of New England
$2,000,000 more than they now have in con-
sequence of the provision of this bill; and I
say to the men of the South that the $2,000,000
that is restored to New England by this bill is
taken from the industrial interests of the South ;
for my friends from the South must readily
perceive that when they organize a capital
of $500,000, and they deposit bonds in the
Treasury, they have in pursuance of law but
$450,000 to supply the business of planting
and farming in those States. In every $500,000
of banking capital that they organize they
deprive the people of that section of $50,000.
The only point in favor of the contrary of
that position is this, suggested to me privately
by the Senator from South Carolina. He says
