1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
but fair to reflect and to admit that the matter
was forced upon States which did not ask for
it by the necessities of an occasion produced
by the States which they now represent. I do
not give that as a reason why they should not
now have currency; I think they should ; I
am willing to agree to that; but what I object
to is the charge against us of striving to obtain
anything that we were not entitled to, and of
taking advantage of our position to do it. The
truth is that it was forced upon the States of
the North, especiall}' upon New England and
upon New York, againsttheir will. They gave
up their State banks only when they were
driven out of existence by the taxation of the
General Government. That is to say, the
great number of them went into the national
system unwillingly, and to save themselves.
How was it with the western States, which
complain that they have not got their share
of national currency ? Did they come forward
to take it? Were they anxious to do it? Did
they ask for it? Did they respond to the calls
of the Treasuty Department to establish na-
tional banks? Did they take advantage of
the offers that were made to them to do so?
Not at all. They were the last of the free
States to go into it to any extent, and, as my
friend from Iowa suggests, now they have three
times as much as they had before the war ; and
all those States did not have the good cur-
rency which New England and New York had ;
some of them had a very poor, a bad, a depre-
ciated currency, while that of others of them
was good. They have not onlv got a great
deal more capital than they had belore the war,
but a better currency than they had before the
war, while we have not any better currency,
except that it is more general in its circula-
tion. Now, to say that we are acting unjustly
is a little hard upon men who were called upon
to take their capital out of the pursuits in
which it was invested, to give up their banks
which they held under State charters and
change them in the manner in which they have
been changed, and to do it also for a benefit
of the Government, to give the Government
funds to carry on the war or to pay.oif the
debts that were accumulated by the war imme-
diately afterward, when it was necessary to
raise a very large amount of money. I think
some six hundred millions were required at
the close of hostilities to settle up at that time
current floating obligations.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
correct him in reference to one point he has
made 011 the attitude of the West in relation to
the starting of this banking system. I only
want to speak in reference to the Slate of Wis-
consin alone, if it will not intcrruptthe Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. HOWE. TheSenator says that we held
back; having a poor circulation, we declined to
take advantage of this system. I only speak
of Wisconsin. Wisconsin had a banking circu-
lation of about four and a half millions, based
upon the bonds of the State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said some of those
States had a poor circulation ; I did not say all
of them ; and I will admit, to save the Senator
trouble, if he says so, that Wisconsin had a
very good one.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; then I want to say
one thing more with reference to Wisconsin.
That being the condition of her banks, you in-
sisted that Wisconsin was reluctant to change
the bonds of the State on which her circulation
had rested for any other securities, because it
forced them on to the market at a depreciated
rate ; but the United States commanded her
to do it, and her bonds were thrown upon the
market, and she was obliged to accept this
system, and then she did plead by the mouth
of her representatives for an equal share in the
circulation that the three hundred million bill
provided for, but she did not get it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that some
States were more ready and acted more
promptly than others, but, I do not agree with
the honorable Senator from Ohio—1 do not
know that J want to continue the line of re-
mark I was making—or with the honorable
Senator from Indiana, that there is no doubt
about the construction of the law to which
they referred. The letter of the law, in my
judgment, is very plainly against the construc-
tion of the honorable Senators. It may be that
the meaning of it was intended to be that it
should apply only to those States where there
were banks; that in particular States where
there were existing banks those banks should
have the privilege to the amount that they were
entitled to receive of national circulation over
new corporations. That may have been what
was meant, but the language is perfectly clear
and explicitthat in all cases the banks already
started shall have the preference, and it is not
confined to particular States; there is no desig-
nation whatever. I say, therefore, it is not, in
my judgment, so perfectly clear as it appears to
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator fiom
Indiana that any violation of the law took
place with regard to it. It seems the Treas-
ury Department decided otherwise, and the
Treasury Department, probably because that
is its custom in such cases, decided upon legal
advice and legal opinion with reference to it.
If that is the case, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has said, you have made a contract.
You have not made a contract with Slates;
you have not contracted with the State of Mas-
sachusetts nor the State of Rhode Island nor
the State of Connecticut, but you have made
a contract with individuals in those States that
if they became corporate companies under your
system they might, on certain conditions, issue
a certain amount of circulation. That is the
contract you have made. Take this bill; it
applies to the States generally, and says, "You
must cut down." Up to the close of the war
neither of these States, the Senator says, had
more than they were allowed by law ; and yet
if you pass the bill before the Senate you take
hold of these individual corporations with
which you made that contract and which you
forced into the position they are in noiv and
tell them that you will take back a part of
their currency. That is the simple truth of
the matter; hard or easy, right or wrong, that
is the result, and the inevitable result. It affects
individuals, not States. It is not a question
of States, it is a question of individuals ; and
the honorable Senator from Indiana in his con-
struction of the law says that that is all right
under the statute ; that inasmuch as we have
reserved the right, to repeal, alter, or amend
the law generally, therefore we may do as we
please in reference to these things!
Sir, I have understood that the meaning of
that clausein your statute was simply that the
Government retained the power to protect
itself, and to see that wiong was not done
with reference to the Government itself in
relation to these matters, and that abuses did
not grow up under it. I did not understand
that it gave authority to go out into the market
if there are divers and sundry persons inter-
ested, pick out one of them, and tell him
that he should not enjoy the benefits of that
law because you have reserved to yourselves
the right to repeal, alter, or amend it, and
therefore you will cut out A while you leave B,
and cut out 0 while you leave D, and so on
through the alphabet. It means simply and
solely that you will make changes in the law
if the public interest requires, trom time to
time, and they must be ot the same character
with the law itself, general in their application,
and not applicable to individuals. Here you
say " Wo will violate a contract that wo have
made with one individual for the benefit ot
another,'' and that is the amount of it. I see
no law and no equity in that.
Rut,, Mr. President, with reference to this
particular bill, I desire that the southern States
which have very little and the western States
which have less than their share and less than
they want, should in some way be relieved from
the position in which they are placed. It is
no more than right and fair that that should
be done ; and I respectfully submit that when
it is suggested that you may increase thequan-
tity for their benefit, so far as to relieve them at
the present time, it is hardly an r.nswer to say
"That is not popular; the people of the country
do not like that." And when you suggest further
that you may not only do that, but you may
prevent any injury to the country by withdraw-
ing a proportional amount of greenbacks and
thus leave the currency as it is, it is hardly an
answer, in my judgment, to say that that also
is unpopular, because "we do not want the
greenbacks contracted 1"
Sir, when you are put to choose between
that which is disagreeable and that which is
wrong, how should legislators decide ? If this
thing ought to be done and a way can be found
to do it, the question is whether you will choose
that mode which does not commend itself to
the popular feeling exactly at the present time,
or will choose that mode which violates the
rights of individuals that you have guarantied
to them. I know it is unfashionable, and I
know that perhaps it is rather unavailing in
this body or any legislative body to talk of
what is right in contradistinction to what is
popular, or what is wrong in contradistinction
to what is unpopular. Constituted as we are,
and responsible as we are, we are very apt to
give way a little our notions of what is exactly
right in order that we may not do ourselves any
harm by violating what we deem to be the
public sentiment. But I take it there is no
public sentiment about this matter except that
which we make, or that which is made in the
stock market.
Believing, as I do, that the true solution ol
the whole difficulty is the gradual substitution
of this bank paper for the greenbacks until
they are all taken out of the market, and then
leaving to the community to judge how much
it wants in the way of banking, I see no diffi-
culty in these propositions that are made which
are right—that is to say, right morally, right
legally, right in every sense—unless they are to
produce an injury to the community ; and how
they are when limited to the extent to which
my honorable friend from Oregon recommends
them I do not see. I perceive no difficulty, then,
in taking that ground instead of assuming that
because it is our duty to provide for one sec-
tion of the country therefore it is excusable
to outrage another section of the country and
expose it to all the hazards that must follow
from this violent interference with the condi-
tion of things as it exists now among them.
Sir, that section of the country is of some con-
sequence even to the South, and my southern
friends will allow me to say that by the course
which is proposed to be adopted—I do not know
that it will have that effect; I am not at all a
businessman, and therefore cannotjudgewell—
L cannot foresee what will be the result; butif
by the course that is proposed to be adopted,
when carried out you do severely derange the
business of the section of the country of which
I have spoken, it will result in far more injury
to them, for the time being to say the least of .
it, than can possibly follow from any want of
currency, or even from the continuauee of the
condition of things that exists now for a short
time longer. That is my judgment; but after
all they will judge for themselves ; it is not for
me to advise anybody.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I will ask
the reporter to read his notes in regard to what
I said about, nonsense. My understanding is
that I said that if the Senator's construction
of the law was correct it made nonsense of the
law. That is what 1 think I said. I did not in-
tend to say that that Senator on this or any other
occasion was ever guilty of uttering nonsense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator that he need not trouble himself in rela-
tion to that matter. If he says his statement
was what he has just repeated, it is perfectly
satisfactory to me.
Mr. MORION. I think the record will show
that statement to be correct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Cut the style of the
Senator iu speaking of it was rather ollensive
to me at the time.
Mr. MORTON. So far as this little colloquy
