-fm - ooimmmmMj ma®.
Maret 26,
amendment, ordeted to a third reading, read
a third tinie^ and passed.
gbttl'sburo and antxetam cemeteries.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 40) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to take charge of the Gettysburg
and Antietam national cemeteries. It has been
parsed once.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I wish to state to the
Senator from Massachusetts, as he may be act-
ing under a misapprehension, that the House
of Representatives has adjourned, and ad-
journed over until Monday, without asking for
a conference committee; so that by staying
here we save no time.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us pass this little-reso-
lution. It will take but a minute and will be
out of our way.
Mr. HcCREERY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 26, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Btttler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to make a brief per-
sonal explanation. On the 3d day of March,
1869, when the bill reported by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] from'the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction wasbefore the House,
speaking to the gentleman who reported that
bill touching the character of some persons
named therein, I said:
"I wantthe gentleman from Illinois to state whether
he does or does not knowthafcthis man ITooto atAn-
dersonville, during the rebellion, gloated over the
murders and outrages committed upon Union pris-
oners by the confederate authorities? He stood
there and looked upon them and gave his approval
of those personal outrages, black and damnable as
they were. Sir, I am opposed to voting for the re-
lief of the man who committed such crimes against
tho-Government and the people.''
I rise to state to the House that my remarks,
as stated above, are incorrect in so far as they
refer to Mr. H. S. Foote, of Tennessee.
. The testimony taken before the Committee
on Treatment of Prisoners of War and Union
Citizens, of which I spoke, is explanatory of
the conduct of Howell Cobb, of Georgia, and
not Mr. Foote. I make this explanation as a
matter of justice to Mr. Foote, as well as to
the House, the Committee on Reconstruction,
and myself.
memorial os life insurance companies.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the life insurance com-
panies of the United States, relative to the
taking of tlje decennial census of 1870; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Ninth Census, and ordered to be printed.
appropriations fob public printing.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 61) authorizing the transfer of certain
appropriations heretofore made; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the sum
of $78,000 to be transferred from the appro-
priation "for paper for the public printing"
contained in the legislative, &c., appropria-
tion bill, f#r the year ending June 30, 1869,
in aid of the appropriations contained in the
same act for the following purposes and in Jhe
following proportions, to wit:
For contingent oxpenses of the office of Congres-
sional Printer, $3,000.
For the Public Printing, $75,000.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the House ought to
have some explanation of that joint resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that it is found
jti the administration of the Printing Office that
while there is more than, in the opinion of the
present incumbent, is necessary to carry on the
operations for the year appropriated for paper,
there is not quite enough appropriated for
printing, and there is a little deficiency of
$3,000 in the other item mentioned in the joint
resolution. The resolution merely proposes
to take from what was appropriated for paper
$75,000 and put it to the account of printing
©r labor, and $3,000 from the same item and
put it to the account of contingencies, so that
the new incumbent of the office may not find
himself crippled in reference to the matter of
labor.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the amount of the
additional appropriation?
Mr. DAWES. It makes no additional appro-
priation. It only redistributes the appropri-
ation.
Mr. BROOKS. In other words, there has
been bought an excess of paper, which is to be
turned over.
Mr. DAWES. I should think the reverse
of that would be true. If an excess of paper
had been bought then we could not take from
the fund appropriated for the purchase of paper
and place it to the account of labor.
Mr. BROOKS. One word more. All I have
to say is that this is a matter about which the
House can, of course, know nothing beyond
what they learn from the Committee on Appro-
priations. These appropriations are so enor-
mous all the while that I feel it my duty con-
stantly to call the attention of the House to
them for the purpose of arresting this great
waste of the public money.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, Mr. Speaker, that
the Committee on Appropriations have not
examined the accounts of the Printing Bureau.
Those accounts would reveal whether there
had been any unnecessary expenditure for
labor. I think there would be less opportu-
nity for excessive or improper expenditure in
this particular than in any other, because the
expenditure is governed by what we require of
the Public Printer, and he must have the labor
necessary to perform what we require of him.
It is possible that he may make an over-pur-
chase of paper at times, but not in this way.
The condition of the appropriation seems to
demonstrate that while the Public Printer has
a discretion upon the subject he has not over-
stepped the bound of the appropriation, but
rather has fallen short of it. If this statement
is satisfactory I wiil now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGAEETTA VAN RENSSELLAllt.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief
of Margaretta Van Renssellaer; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
encouragement op yachting, etc.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 261) for the encour-
agement of yachting, improvement in naval
architecture, cultivation of naval science, and
amendatory of an act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to license yachts; which was
-read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
original vacancies in army.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (-H. R. No. 262) to provide for
the date of commissions to fill original vacan-
cies in the Army of the United States; which
was read a first tad second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
railroad land gbant in oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R.- No. 263) to
extend to the mouth of the Columbia river the
land grant heretofore made for a railroad in
Oregon; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
J. C. DUFF.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 264) to pay
J. C. Duff, late second lieutenant of the thirtieth
Massachusetts volunteers, six months and thir-
teen days' salary; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
alexander's saw bayonet.
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
beinstruotedto inci uiro into the expediency of adopt-
ing for use in the infantry regiments of the United
States Army Colonel F. W. Alexander's sawbayonet,
patented in 1864, and to report by bill or otherwise.
st. james and little rock railroad.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 265) granting lands
and the right of way to the St. James and Little
Rock Railroad. Company ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
missouri claims.
Mr. BOYD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved,, That the Secretary of War he, and he is
hereby, instructed to furnish this House with a list
of the unpaid claims now on file in the quartermas-
ter general's and commissary general's departments
belonging to person* claiming to reside in the fourth
congressional district of Missouri; also a list of
claims paid by the order of said departments to cit-
izens of said congressional district since March 4,
1864, giving the name of the claimants in each case,
the amounts paid and unpaid, and the agents proso-.
cuting said claims.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that when this House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
lafd on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order 0p business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business has been called for by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Mungen.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The regu-
lar order of business, I suppose, is the bill for
the provisional government of Mississippi. As
the morning hour of Friday is under our rules
to be devoted to the consideration of private
bills, I propose to move that the further con-
sideration of the Mississippi bill be postponed
until after the morning hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion and move to take up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House on yesterday
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary the
amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
repeal of the tenure-of-office act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire of the Chair if I am not entitled to be
recognized to call up that motion ?
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
uniform usage of the House the Chair would
recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] as entitled to call up the motion
to reconsider, it having been made by him-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
