1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBft
move that the regular order of busincssbe
postponed until the conclusion of the morning
hour of to-day.
The motion was agreed to; there being upon
a division—ayes 91, noes S28.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now commence. This being Friday, the first
business in order during the morning hour is
the call of committees, commencing with the
Committee of Elections, for reports of a pri-
vate nature.
OKLANDO BROWN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 42) for the relief of Orlando Brown,
with a recommendation that it pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in the ex-
amination and settlement of the property and
money accounts of Orlando Brown, late cap-
tain and assistapt quartermaster United States
Army, to credit and allow him all expendi-
tures of money and property made by him in
good faith under the orders or in conformity
with orders of his superior officers; and espe-
cially all expenditures of quartermaster's prop-
erty made by him for the benefit of freedmen
under the orders of Major General Benjamix
P. Butler, in like manner as if the same had
been regularly expended in the quartermas-
ter's department.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
bill explains itself. I presume there is no neces-
sity for me to make any explanation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If there is a report I ask
that it be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is a Senate bill. The facts are that Captain
Brown, as quartermaster, made expenditures
for the benefit of the freedmen in his depart-
ment under the orders of his superior officer ;
but as these expenditures were not made in
strict conformity to the regulations of the War
Department, that Department could not make
allowance to him for the expenditures. This
bill proposes simply to authorize an adjustment
of the claims of this quartermaster. The De-
partment recommends the passage of the bill;
and it lias already been passed by the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What is the amount of
these expenditures?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. X do
not know the precise amount.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there a written report?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
is not. There are documents giving an account
of the reasons the claim has not been allowed.
There is no dispute about the facts. The bill
merely provides that the proper accounting
officers may settle the accounts. ....
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
for fifty dollars; one five-twenty bond, No.
30569, dated May 1, 1864, for $100; one five-
twenty bond, No. 8538, dated May 1, 1864, for
$500; one bond of 1881, No. 11834, dated
November 16, 1861, for $500. The Secretary
of the Treasury <s to take such bond and secur-
ity as he may deem necessary and sufficient to
indemnify the Government against the present-
ation of the bonds for redemption.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
call for the reading of the report.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial and evidence of Alfred B. Winslow,
of Portland, Maine, praying to be reimbursed for the
loss by firo of certain Government securities, having
had the same under consideration, report:
That on the 4th of July, 1666, when there occurred
an extensive loss of buildings and Prop®rty by fire
in Portland, Maine, the claimant and Lben M. lib-
betts had assigned to them, for their own use, acom-
^urtment and drawer in the sate of tho counting-
nouse of James N. Winslow, merchant, of the city
of Portland, and m which they had deposited the
following United States securities, the property of
claimant:
Two live-twenty bonds of May 1,1861, $100 each.. $200
One live-twenty bond of May 1. IStif  *>00
One live-twenty bond of May 1, ISoi  «>0
One 1831 bond of November 16,18bl  500
Total.
..$1,250
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PARDON WORSLEY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back ad-
versely the petition of Pardon Worsley; which
was laid on the table.
ALFRED B. WINSLOW.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, re-
ported a joint resolution (IT. It. No. 52) for
the relief of Alfred B. Winslow, of-Portland,
Maine j which was read a first and second
time. . , o
The joint resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to reissue and deliver to
Alfred B. Winslow, of Portland, Maine, notes
and securities of the United States to the
amount of $1,250, in place of the following,
which were lost and destroyed by fire on the
4th day of July, 1866: one five-twenty bond,
No. 30572, dated May 1, 1864, for $100; one
five-twenty bond, No. 9689, dated May 1,186..,
And also the followine, tho property of Eben M.
Tibbetts:
Seventeen seven-thirty bonds of &100 each 
Two seven-thirty bonds of §500 each  1*000
Total 
All of which, it is alleged, and so believed, were
burned and destroyed by fire in the safe, and at the
saidcouu ting-house of James.N. Winslow,merchant,
of Portland, on the said 4th of July, 186b.
Evidence is submitted that after the fire the sate
was opened and the charred remains of the bonds
carefully inspected by parties who identified the num-
bers and denominations of a portion of them, but who
could not distinguish sufficiently to identity all that
was claimed to have been lost.
Woodbury Davis, esq., the postmaster of Portland,
one of the parties who made the examination, in-
closed the remains in a sealed box, marked and
identified, for further examination at tho ireasury
Department Affidavits of claimant and Iibbetts
stating the number, date, and denomination of each
note or bond were submitted to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who caused the remains to be further
tested, when it was found that a part only of the
seven-thirty notes of Tibbotts could b© identified,
together with the $500 and iifty dollar five-twenty
bonds of claimant. Theromaiosof the $50U ot looi
and of the two $100 five-twenty could not be satis-
factorily identified. , . ,
Tho Treasury Department, alter sufficient delay to
insure against the return of the notes ot iibbeas
alter maturity, and none of them having been re-
turned or known to exist, settled with him lor ttie
full amount, taking security io indommty the (gov-
ernment according to the regulations ot that Depart-
There remains, therefore, of the contents_ of the
said box, only tho losses of tho claimant to be indem -
nified by the Government, amounting to *>1,2du. U1
this $550was identified, leaving 00 only not capable
of being distinguished as to the denominations, num-
bers, and dates, though there does not appear to
have been any doubt, m fact, of the claim and rep-
resentation of theso parties.
Undoubted evidence has been brought to the com-
mittee by honorable members of this House as to the
integrity of the claimant, and the evidence corrob-
orating so large a portion of the material parts ot
the claim is so satisfactory that the committee have
decided, after a full discussion of the merits, to rec-
ommend that the claimant be granted the lelief for
It is therefore recommended that the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized to reissue to the claimant,
Alfred B. Winslow, of Portland, Maine, securities of
the United States, at the rate of six per cent, to the
amount ot $1,250, in place of that class and amount
lost and destroyed as aforesaid, and for this purpose
report the following joint resolution, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. WELKER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman what is the necessity of tins legislation?
I believe the authorities at the Treasury Depart-
ment have been issuing new bonds where th^y
have been destroyed under circumstances like
those disclosed in this report.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
the gentleman had noticed the report he would
see that he is mistaken. There were some
twenty-five different bonds destroyed, the num-
bers of which were all preserved. I beg the
attention of the Souse to the facts, because
the question of issuing new bonds is a difficult
one, and the committee have been very careful
to see that the Treasury was properly guarded
in the matter. In this instance inter the fire
the safe was opened containing the remains of
these bonds, and they were gathered up arid
sent to the postmaster, who was able to inden-
tify a part of the numbers and denominations,
but not all. They were then all placed in-a
box and sent to the Treasury Department in
Washington. Upon examination a portion at
them, about twenty, being seven-thirty bonds
belonging to Mr. Tibbetts, were identified, and
under the regulations of the Treasury Depart-
ment, after some six months had elapsed after
the maturity of those bonds, the numbers being
preserved and no one else appearing claim-
ing payment for them, new five-twenty bonds
were issued to cover them. But in the case of
Winslow the bonds destroyed were five-twenty
bonds, and under the regulation of the Depart-
ment they have no right to reissue them until
maturity.
When they mature like the seven-thirties,
the evidence being the same, they would pa,y
them or reissue new notes, as they did in the
case of the seven-thirties. There were five of
the five-twenties, two of which are of $500 and
one of fifty dollars, the Treasury Department
could identify, but the other three, two of $100
and one of $500, they could not identify satis-
factorily. Now, in this case the committee say
that it does not depend simply upon the testi-
mony of the claimant himself, but upon the
corroborating evidence. All the remains were
fully identified except $700. Now the num-
bers are preserved, and the Department in-
form the committee that no bonds have been
presented of those identical numbers, but that
they are without authority to reissue bonds in
their stead until they mature. Under these
circumstances, and with all the evidence before
the committee, we have reported in favor of
the reissue of the bonds.
Mr. WELKER. I made the inquiry mainly
for the purpose of ascertaining what the prac-
tice of the Department is in relation to these
live-twenty bonds. If the evidence is satis-
factory to the committee as regards the iden-
tification of the bonds I see no objection to the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. There
is no dispute in regard to the bonds. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be read a third time ; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM II. TREADWELL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely on the
petition of William H. Treadwell for compen-
sation for extra service, and the same was laid
on the table.
ABKAM G. SNYDfiK.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
266) for the relief of Abram G. Snyder, of
Watervliet arsenal, at West Troy, New York ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay out of any money not otherwise ap-
propriated to Abram G. Snyder $10,000, in
full for all claims heretofore and hereafter
against the Government for the invention and
the use of the Snyder bullet machine in the
United States arsenals.
The report in the case was read. The inven-
tion was perfected and brought into use m
1859. At that time the bullet machines in use
by the Government were found inadequate to
supply the demand of the Government,, and
the officer in charge gave direction to the me-
morialist to put in operation his machine, which
he had invented and perfected at his home out
of the hours of labor and without expense to
the Government. The machine proved useful
not only in the arsenal at Watervliet, but at
