1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN. I send to the desk a letter,
which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Executive Depaktment of Indiana,
Adjutant General's Office,
February 23,18156.
Sik: Henry B. Hears was appointed and commis-
sioned as first lieuteuant in the thirty-sixth regi-
ment Indiana volunteers, then organizing. December
12.1861, and was duly mastered into the service, as
shown by the following indorsement on his com-
mi&fcion:
" Mustered this 14th day of December, 1861, at In-
dianapolis, Indiana.
" S. D. CARPENTER,
" Major Nineteenth Infantry, Mmtering OJjicer."
The regiment was ordered to Jeffersonville, In-
diana, on the 14th of December, 1861, for the purpose
of recruiting; and on tho 16th of December, 1861,
orders were issued to consolidate the command so far
as to form nine companies. A few days atterwaid the
regiment was ordered to Kentucky to.report to Gen-
eral Buell. In the consolidation referred to the men
recruited by Lieutenant Hears were transferred, so
as to leave him without, a command, llo was subso-
(juently placed on detached service, and so continued
m variousways, as is more particularly shown in his
affidavit herewith respectfully foiwarded, until the
19th of October, 1862, when he returned home with
permission of his corps commander. He was never
discharged from the service, and up to this time no
disposition has been mado of his case. Ifnotincon-
sistent with tho rules of the service, I respeetfuliy
recommend thathe be honorably discharged, to date
October 19,18G2.
Your obedient servant,
W. H. II. TERRELL,
Adjutant Creneral Indiana.
Major General L. Thomas,
Adjutant General, Washington, D. G.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read
the report.
The report was read. It states that Lieu-
tenant Mears was mustered into service us first
lieutenant of the thirty-sixth regiment Indiana
volunteers on the 14th of December, 1861, and
at once entered upon the discharge of the
duties of the position ; that from that time till
October 10,1862, he continued in the military
service of the Utilted States, subject at ail
times to the orders of his supeiior officers;
that his orders placed him on duty in the States
of Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee; and that
these facts are conclusively shown by the state-
ments of the adjutant general of Indiana and
the lieutenant colonel and the quartermaster
of the regiment. It is also shown that he
received no pay for any part of the time that
he was in the military service. The committee
came to the conclusion that ten months' pay is
due to him for his services as first lieutenant.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a, third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third tune; and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis s. m'donald.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 53) for the relief of Francis S.
McDonald ; which was read a fust and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to
cause to be paid to the memorialist the full
pay and emolument of second lieutenant of the
third Minnesota volunteers from November 1,
1882, to June 26, 1863, with travel-pay and
allowances from Snyder's Bluff, Mississippi,
to Port SneH'mg, Minnesota.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
the bill by adding the words "out of any
money heretofore appropriated or to be here-
after appropriated for the pay of the Army
of the United States." I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to lie engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The-latter motion was agreed to.
samuel tv. piiice.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 271) for the
relief of Colonel Samuel W. Price, of the
twenty-first Kentucky volunteers; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretaries of War and
Treasury to cause to be certified and paid to
the applicant, for military services rendered
as colonel of volunteer infantry from the 25th
of February to the 1st of August, 1865, the pay
and emoluments of colonel, not to exceed the
sum of $1,061 50
Mr. STOKES. I mov-e the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and tinder the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read tho third
time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• john mil0n15.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely on the
memorial of John Milone, postmaster at
Uricksville, Ohio; and the same was laid on
the table.
alfred e. brook.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
272) for the relief of Alfred E. Brook, post-
master at Ilion, in the county of Herkimer and
State of New York, which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
in adjusting the accounts of the memorialist,
to credit him the sum of $1,176 17, being the
amount of postage stamps deposited with him
for sale by the United States and money
received by him on sale of postage stamps
belonging to the United States, of which he
was robbed on the 10th of October, 1866; pro-
vided the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
satisfied, upon due investigation, that the said
Brook was robbed as aforesaid without fault
or negligence on his pait.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
ask the Clerk to read the report in the case.
The report was read. It appears that the
post office was kept in the same building with
the American express office, and that the
stamps and money, the latter being fifty-five
dollars and the former $1,121 17 in amount,
were deposited in the sale of the express com-
pany, which was broken open by burglars and
the contents stolen. The committee having
thoroughly examined the subject of this loss
in connection with that of the loss of revenue
stamps by the collector of internal revenue for
the twentieth district of New York, are of
opinion that there was no negligence or want
of proper care on the -part of the postmaster.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
mary s. wilson.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of
Mary E. Wilson, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed at Paducah, Kentucky, during
the late war; which was laid on the table.
THOMAS nAUGIIIoy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Comraitteeof Claims, reportedajoint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 54) for the relief of Thomas
Haughey; which was read a first and* seco&4
time.
- The joint resolution directs the Paymaster
General to pay Dr. Thomas Haughey, for his
services as assistant surgeon of the third Middle
Tennessee cavalry, United States volunteers,
from the 18th of February to the 23d of March,
1863, the sum of $141, in full for such services.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report of
the committee, but before he had concluded
the morning hour expired, and the joint reso-
lution went over until Friday next.
franklin oliver.
On motion of Mr. JULIA.N, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Public Lands
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 22) to perfect the title
of Franklin Oliver, asoldierof the war of 1812,
to certain lands which he claims to have coh-
ered by military warrants ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Private Laud
Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. GorhaM,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 90) to provide for the pave-
ment of Pennsylvania avenue;
A bill (S. No. 185) to continue in force an
act entitled "An act to extend the charter of
Washington city," &c.;
A bill (S. No. 195) to carry into effect the
convention of July 4, 1868, between the United
States and Mexico for the adjustment of claims;
and
A bill (S. No. 211) for the relief of James
C. Taylor, of Montgomery couuty, in the State
of Virginia.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
call up a privileged motion ; but before doing
so I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cessna] to make a report, from the Com-
mittee of Elections.
election contest covode vs. foster.
Mr. CESSNA, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report in the case of the
prima facie right to the seat from the twenty-
first congressional district of Pennsylvania,
accompanied by the following resolutions:
Resolved, That John Covode, upon the letter of
the Governor and papers lelatinsc to tho election in
the twenty-first congi Crsionul district of the State of
Pennsylvania, referred by ilie House to this commit-
tee, has a prima facie nuht to tho vacant seat lrsin
that district, and is entitled to take the oath of ofhee
and occupy a peat in this House as Kepresentutivo
in Congress from said district without prejudice to
the right of Henry D. Foster, claiming to have been
duly eiected thereto, to contest his right to said seat
upon the merits.
Jteaolveil, That Henry D. Foster, desiring to con-
test the right of lion. John Covode to a soat in this
House as a Itepiesentativofrom the twenty-first dis-
trict of the State ot Pennsylvania, be. and is hereby,
required to serve upon the said Covode, within twenty
days after the passage of this resolution, a particular
statement of tho grounds of said contest, and that
said Covodo be, and he is hereby, required to servo
upon said Foster liis answer thereto within twonty
days thereafter, and that both parties bo allowed
sixty days next after the service of said answer to
take testimony in support ot their several allega-
tion? and denials, notice of intention to examine
witnesses to bo given to the opposite party at least
five days before tbeii examination; but neither party
to yive notice of taking tc^timonv witkm less than
live days between the close of taking it at one place
and its commencement at another, but in ail orher
respects in the manner prescribed in tho act of Feb-
ruary 19,1S51.
The report and resolutions were laid on the
table and oidered to be printed.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to give notice that
I will call up the report for the action of the
House oil Tuesday next immediately alter the
i morning hour.
1 Mr. PAINE. I ask consent to submit the
' views of four members of the minority of the
