310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Committee of Elections, to be printed with the
report of the majority. _
The resolution accompanying the views of the
minority, signed by Mr. Paixb, Mr. Churchill,
Mr. Burr, and Mr. Randall, was read, as
follows:
Resolved, Tkattlieproclamation, letter, and papors
referred to the Committee of Elections do not show
what person is entitled prima facie to represent the
twenty-first district of Pennsylvania in the Forly-
'Mrst Congress pending any contest that may arise
concerning the right to be such Representative.
Mr. BURR. In behalf of myself and one
other member of the minority of the Commit-
tee-of Elections, while concurring in the result
"reported by them, I ask leave to present our
reasons therefor, to be printed with the report
of the majority and to be considered at the
time that report is considered.
The views of the minority wer-e received, and
ordered to be printed with the report of the
majority.
SALARIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS.
"Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 273) to establish the
salaries of certain officers, to reduce the ex-
panses of their offices, and to amend the laws
in respect thereto ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tenure of office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House on yesterday referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary the amendment of
the Senate to the bill of the House No. 3, to
repeal an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state, Mr. Speaker, that I entered this mo-
tion to reconsider in order that, upon consult-
ation with the Committee on the Judiciary,
we might see if there could be agreed upon by
this House-an amendment which would cover
the only difficulties that I think beset this ques-
tion. I refer to an abuse, or a practice which
amounts almost to an abuse, of the President
heretofore of keeping back nominations until
the last days of the session of the Senate, and
then sending them in all in a bunch. The
amendment I would propose is one substan-
tially to this effect: first, to repeal entirely the
civil tenure-of-office act, and then a section
carefully drawn, simply calling upon the Pres-
ident to send in all his nominations for the
action of the Senate within thirty days of the
commencement of the session of the Senate.
In that way, it seems to me, this whole matter
could be composed ; it would be acceptable
to everybody, and all evils would be cured.
I propose, therefore, now to call up the
motion to reconsider the vote referring this bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary ; and if that
is agreed to, I propose to move the amend-
ment I have indicated to the amendment of
■the Senate, and then let the whole matter go
hack to the Senate, perhaps to be dealt with
by a committee of conference. That, I think,
will be acceptable to everybody who desires
peace, harmony, and quiet upon the subject,
and a return to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion governing appointment's to office.
Mr. WOOD. Does the gentleman retract
his position of yesterday ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not the
least in the world.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman knows, and
we all know, that the design of a committee of
conference is to effect a compromise by which
the rights of this House will be betrayed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We are
not going to ask any committee of conference.
' I assume that if this House shall concur in the
amendment of the Senate with an amendment
making a clean repeal of the civil tenure act,
and also providing, what I think the whole of
us will agree to, that the President shall sond
into the Senate his nominations within'thirty
days after the commencement of the session
of the Senate—I assume that if we do that the
Senate will concur. In that way the rights of
this House will be preserved, the rights of the
Executive will be maintained, and the whole
matter will be settled.
I am sorry my friend from New York [Mr.
Wood] thought it necessary to ask if I had
changed my views'on this subject. I am not
very apt to change my views when I have once
well considered them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the desire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] to be that this bill should be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and that
the committee should be allowed full time to
consider it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am sorry the
friends of the President have fallen out in this
way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
be very glad to have this bill go the Committee
on the Judiciary; but at the request of many
members of the House, who think the course
I propose will be acceptable to all who desire
to preserve the rights of the House and of the
Executive upon this subject, and also in order
to save time, I propose to take' the course I
have indicated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The House has indicated
its desire that the Judiciary Committee shall
act on this bill; and I suppose the gentleman
himself so desired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The only
action I would desire the Committee on the
Judiciary to take is the action I have proposed.
Does the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] desire to have the bill referred ?
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Certainly; that was what
we voted for yesterday. We desired the action
of the Judiciary Committee on the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that the course of proceeding
now propose will better meet the wish of the
gentleman from Wisconsin and the wish of the
House.
Mr. GARFIE LD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the allied parties have
settled their matters of difference 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Stop
moment. I did not yield for that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask whether
any debate is to be allowed on this question,
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] must understand that we
suspect desertion.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say to my col
league [Mr. Far\tsworth] and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that the insinua-
tions they make here are unworthy of mem-
bers of the House in reference to this or any
other question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When I think that
a lecture from my colleague will be of any ser-
vice to me I will give him due notice; but I am
not yet of that opinion.
Mr. LOGAN. I will only say to my col-
league that I am not a lecturer in the general
acceptation of the term, and I always, as I did
yesterday, submit with the best possible grace
to his lectures, however rough and unseemly
they may be. But inasmuch as I discover that
the young gentleman occasionally needs a lec-
ture in this House, I thought I would take this
opportunity to say to him that these insinua-
tions are not proper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am exceedingly
obliged to my colleague, though I think his
lecture is gratuitous.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course it is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think this discussion is so valuable as to require
me to yield for its continuance.
I wish to say to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] that I have as much right to
for the Republican party as he has. I
am as firm an advocate of Republican princi-
ples as he is. And when he undertakes to say
that I am "allied" with the Democrats I
want to say to him that whenever he or they
are right upon any question I am their ally,
and whenever he or they are wrong upon any
question I am not their or his ally. I am ready
to deal with him always upon that proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am quite willing, to
concede, for the sake of the argument, that the
gentleman is always right, and that those who
differ with him are always wrong. But I desire
to ask him, as I asked before, whether he
intends that we may have any debate on this
question? Those of us who are so decidedly
in the wrong would like to show ourselves
wrong and put ourselves on the record.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
always so evident that I do not care for any
further exhibition in that direction. [Laughter. ]
Mr. Speaker, I will now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] if he desires
to discuss this question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thank the gentleman ;
but 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How much
time does the gentleman want ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The same time as the gen-
tleman himself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will give
the gentleman all but ten minutes of my time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I shall ask the favor of
this House to be heard independently of the
gentleman's leave. I do not approve of the
system of " farming out" the floor in this way.
If this bill will bear discussion, let it.be dis-
cussed. I will undertake to show, if the House
will give me the liberty to be heard, that the
amended bill, about which so much ado is
made, does substantially repeal everything in
the tenure-of office act.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, then, did not
the gentleman vote for repeal?
Mr. BINGHAM. I did.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
offered the gentleman a courtesy, which lie
declines to accept.
Mr. BINGHAM. I recognize the courtesy
of the gentleman; but I ask justice, which
rises above courtesy. I ask it of the House
to be heard on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will get all justice, and he will get his
dues when he gets justice. [Laughter.] Now,
Mr. Speaker, I propose to ask for a vote on
the motion to reconsider for the purpose of
moving to concur in the amendment of the
Senate with an amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Letusvote itdown.
Mr. N1BLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. As reference has been
made to the Democratic side of this House, I
deem it not inappropriate for me to at least
define my own position on this question, and
in doing that I may perhaps reflect, to a lim-
ited extent at least, the sentiments of some
other gentlemen on this side. We always op-
posed this bill. We voted against it when it
was first enacted. We believe in most of its
provisions it is in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. We believe at all
events that it is an assault upon the executive
department of this Government, and that the
tendency is to weaken that branch of the public
service and in the end to prove disastrous if it
shall be continued in force. As a matter, then,
of consistency, as a matter of principle, when-
ever the question ia presented to us whether
this law shall be repealed or not, I suppose the
most of us on this side of the House—I know
I will do so—will vote without hesitation for its
repeal. But, sir, speaking for myself, I shall vote
for nothing butan unconditional repeal of this
law; and while we are thus willing at any time
to vote to repeal it, as I presume we are gen-
erally willing to do, many of us are in no hurry
to get rid of it just at this particular time._ It
was enacted for the purpose of trammeling,
