312
Ti
m&WAfc GLOBE.
March 26,
I hear the utterances from the most distin-
guished men of the" Opposition that they intend
to-give'to the President a fair chance, and to
see that he shall have fair play in discharging
the duties imposed ujjon him by the Con-
stitution and the will ot the American people.
The law upon your statute-book fetters him.
And I ask the attention of the House to the
fact that it fetters him to such extent that he
is at the mercy even of his own appointees.
1 have not heard a debate more adroitly man-
aged than has been this debate oil the part of
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] who opened it. In say-
ing this I cast no imputation upon hini in any
way. It was his right to present this question
in such form as to him seemed most likely to
effect the result which he sought to attain. His
dfcsire ii-s that the tenure-of-office law shall be
repealed. 'I voted with him to do that, seeing
no change to amend at that time. I am satisfied
with that vote. But it has become perfectly man-
ifest to me, and I think it ought to be manifest
to reflecting geDtlemen everywhere, that it is
impossible to effect a general repeal. The
House cannot compel the Senate to change its
mind, and unless it be changed the law can-
not be unconditionally repealed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Can the
Senate compel the House to change its mind?
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that it can-
not. Neither can the House compel the Sen-
ate to change its mind ; and until the Senate
shall change its mind it is impossible to repeal
the law. After an animated struggle, which
went on for weeks in the Senate, thirty-seven
votes were recorded for the amendment as it
has come to us. That vote is a clear majority
of the entire Senate if you count every Sen-
ator. What evidence have we that' we can
induce the Senate to change and reverse its
decision ?
Now, what the Senate has done—and this is
th« point that I desire to make before this
House and before the country—is substantially
a repeal of the tenure-of-office act in so far as
it fetters executive action. It is because the
Senate has done this that I desire the House
to concur, acting in this matter upon the prin-
ciple of statesmen, to do what we can do in
the right direction though we may not be able
to do all that we would. The obligation is'
upon us, and I appeal to the conscience of
gentlemen, if we intend to give the-President
an opportunity to discharge his trust free from
the fetters imposed upon him by the tenure-
of-office_ act, to concur in the Senate amend-
ment, which does substantially repeal that act
in so far as it fetters the Executive. By the
first section of that act 
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
excuse me, I desire to make my statement with-
out interruption, so that the House may under-
stand my position. The first section of the
tenure-of office act expressly denies to the
President of the United States the privilege of
removing a single one of his executive council
during this President's official term. The bill
which the Senate has sent to us sweeps that
section away in its entirety. There is no room
for any controversy on this point. I will read
the language of the act which the Senate in
this respect repeals, and let the House con-
sider whether it is not worth while to give the
President of the United States the opportunity,
now that we have a President whom we can
trust, to remove any of his constitutional ad-
visers at his pleasure.
The first section of the tenure-of-office act
of 1867 provides—■
"That every person holding any civil office'to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of tho Senate, and every person who. shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duiy qualified to aottherein, is, and shall be*
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like mannerappointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, tho Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorney Q-eneral, shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the term
of the President by whom they may have been ap-
pointed and for one month thereafter, subject "to,
removal by .and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
Every one of the Cabinet council of Presi-
dent Grant has been appointed by him, in the
language of this section, with the advice and
consent of theSenafce. The language of the act
is that these officers " shall hold their offices
respectively for and during the term of the Presi-
dent by whom they may have been appointed,
and for one month' thereafter." The bill, as
it comes to us from the Senate, repeals that
provision, I undertake to say, upon consider-
ation, that there is not a lawyer in this House
who can question this for one moment. Let us
see. The Senate amendment, in which I ask
a concurrence, contains this provision :
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,,
and insert the following:
That the first and second sections of an act entitled
"An actrcgulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed, and in lieu of said repealed sections the
following are hereby enacted.
There is a plain, unequivocal repeal. Now
what is put in lieu of the section repealed?
Nothing; sir; nothing that protects the Cabinet
officers from removal during the recess of the
Senate any day in the year. The section in
lieu of the section repealed is in these words:
That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been or hereafter may be appointed, by and
with the advice and consent of' tho Senate, and who
shall have become duly qualified to act therein, shall
be entitled to hold such office during the term for
which he shall have been appointed, unless sooner
removed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, or by the appointment, with tho like advice
and consent, of a successor in his place, except as
herein otherwise provided.
These Cabinet officers are not appointed for
a term.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are they
not so appointed in the civil tenure bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. The civil tenure bill is a
limitation upon the power of removal. It de-
clares that Cabinet officers shall hold over one
month after the expiration of the term of the
President; but they are not under the bill
appointed for a term. I undertake to say
that the gentleman will find very few lawyers
who will agree with him that Cabinet ministers
in the event of the adoption of the Senate
amendment are within that amendment. It is
to me perfectly manifest that they are not—so
manifest that if the gentleman would concur
with me in an amendment to the effect to make
it express that the President may during the
recess of the Senate remove them, I doubt
whether there would be a dissenting vote among
the friends of this measure in the Senate, be-
cause what they did mean by repealing the first
and second sections of the law is that exactly
and precisely.
The other section of the Senate amendment
is this :
And be it further enacted. That during any recess
of the Senate the President is hereby empowered, in
his discretion, to suspend any civil officer appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
except judges of the United States courts, until the
end of the next session of the Senate, and to desig-
nate some suitable person, subject to be removed,in
his discretion, by tho designation of another to per-
form the duties of such suspended officer in the mean
time; and such person so designated shall take the
oaths and give the bonds required bylaw tobe taken
and given by the suspended officer; and shall, during
the time he performs his duties, be entitled to the sal-
ary and emoluments of such office, no part of which
shall belong to the officer suspended; and it shall be
the duty of the President, within thirty days after
the commencement of each session of the Senate,
(except for any office which in his opinion ought not
to be filled,) to nominate persons to fill all vacancies
iu office which existed at the meeting of the Senate,
whether temporarily filled or not, and also in the
place of all officers suspended; and if the Senate
during such session shall refuse to advise and consent
to an appointment in the place of any suspended
officer, and shall also refuse by vote to assent to his
suspension, then, and not otherwise, such officer at
the end of the session shall be entitled to resume the
possession of theoffice fiotn which he was suspended,
and afterward to discharge its duties and receive its
emoluments as though no such suspension had taken
place.
Mr. Speaker, I submit to the House that if
I am wrong in the interpretation I put upon
the first clause of this amendment, it* the Cabi-
net officers are appointed for a terra of years
and not simply protected by a limitation upon
executive power under the first section of the
tenure-of-office law, as I claim the feet to be,
the President, by the second section of the
amendment jast read, can daring the recess
of the Senate suspend every one of them, and
that, too, without finding them incompetent or
guilty of crime or misdemeanor. Is it not clear
that to that extent the President is relieved by
this amendment from the restrictions of the
first and second sections of the tenure-of-office
law, which two sections are by the amendment
expressly repealed?
Gentlemen may say this is no relief to the
President. Let us see. By the second section
of the tenure-of-office act he cannot remove
any civil officer whatsoever, within the mean-
ing of that section, save for incompetency,
crime, or misdemeanor, or legal disqualifica-
tion for the office. He must report the evidence
to the Senate, and upon that evidence the Sen-
ate will determine whether the President has
made a mistake or is guilty of a false accusa-
tion, and in that event they may refuse to eon-
cur and reinstate in office the man whom the
President has charged with crime or incom-
petency. I read from the second section of
the tenure-of-office act:
"When any officer appointed as aforesaid, except
judges of the United States courts, shall during a
l-eeess of the Senate be shown by evidence satisfac-
tory to the President to be guilty of misconduct in
office or crime, or for any reason shall become in-
capable or legally disqualified to perform its duties,
in such cuse and in no other the President may sus-
pend such officer and designate some suitable person
to perform temporarily the duties of such office."
The section further provides, if the Senate
concur in the suspension the officer will be
removed, otherwise the officer suspended shall
forthwith resume the office and enter upon the
discharge of its duties. This further provision
of the second scction is in these words :
"But if the Senate shall refuse to concur in such
suspension, the officer so suspended shall forthwith
resume the functions of his office, and the powers of
the person so performing its duties in his stead sh.iil
cease; and tbeofficial salary and euaolumentsof such
office shall during such suspension belong to the per-
son so performing the duties of the office, and not to
the officer suspended."
The amendment repeals that section. Who
that desires the repeal of these sections will
insist upon running any risk about this matter?
If the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] can assure me that the Senate will con-
cur in the proposed amendment which he has
suggested I will vote for it.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a legal question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to hear the gentle-
man upon the point I am about to suggest for
the reason that I have great admiration for his
learning and ability, and there is a point which
has bothered me in reference to this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will listen to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I believe the gentleman holds
the same notion that I do, or at least that I
hold the same that he does in reference to this
point: that under the Constitution the Senate
has to consent to an appointment, and he
argues that a suspension is a removal. Now,
the question is whether the Senate, being no
part of the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, except so far as confirmations are con-
cerned, can appoint to office alone without
the consent of the President? If he answers
that they cannot, then I desire him to answer
another question. The bill provides that the
officer removed, as he reads it, or suspended,
whichever it may be, shall not have any of the
emoluments of the office, shall draw no pay,
but if the Senate reject the person nominated,
then the Senate may again put in office by
affirmative action the man who has been sus-
pended. Now, my question is this : is not the
action of the Senate in thus putting the man
who was removed in office appointing to office
without the consent of the President, thereby
reversing the machinery of the Constitution ?
