1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33j3
That is the question I want to hear the gentle-
man discuss.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman voted for
that very provision himself in the tenure-of-
offiee act in the Thirty-Ninth Congress if he
was here.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I was not here.
Mr. BINGHAM. Ah ! then I take that
back, although I understand that the gentle-
man insisted that the act was constitutional
on another occasion.
Mr. LOGAN. I am asking the gentleman to
discuss that point.
Mr. BINGHAM, I do not propose to dis-
cuss it with members of this House who upon
their oaths have voted for that very thing and
put it upon the statute-book. I consider that
question closed.
Mr. LOGAN. I have never voted for it.
I would only like to have my mind relieved,
and as I know the gentleman is a good lawyer
I would like to have him unravel that consti-
tutional knot.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not wish to be
diverted from ray argument; but I will state,
in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] that in my judgment the gentleman is
totally mistaken in his conclusions as to the
effect of the tenure-of-office law. That act
forbids a removal by the President of a sus-
pended officer, and therefore his restoration is
not an appointment. The act continues his
term during suspension and restores his office
by non-concurrence in his suspension.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman misunder-
stands me.
Mr. BINGHAM. No. sir; I do not.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state it again, so that
there may be no misunderstanding about it.
The bill which the Senate has presented to the
House as you read it—-and I presume.you read
it correctly—provides that the President shall
have the right to suspend any person from
office, and that during the suspension of said
officer he shall not receive any of the pay or
emoluments of that office, but the person ap-
pointed to the office shall. The law, therefore,
recognizes the man appointed as an officer
because it pays him. But if the Senate shall
refuse to concur in that nomination, and shall
then affirmatively vote, they can reappoint to
the office the suspended officer. If they do
that, the President having removed him, they
do it without his consent. Does not the Sen-
ate then become the appomting power without
the consent of the President ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have answered the gen-
tleman before that the tenure-of-office act fixes
the term of the office. It is no appointment,
for there has been no removal. It is simply a
suspension.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would ask the gen-
tleman to state to the House whether the Cab;
inet officers are within the enacting clause of
this bill as it passed the Senate?
Mr. BINGHAM. This amendment?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have just said they were
not. They are not term officers. They are
liable to be removed. The first section of the
act of the Thirty-Ninth Congress declared that
they should hold their offices daring the term
of the President and for one month beyond
the President's term, when, of course, the in-
coming President could remove them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
a term.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is the President's term.
I understand the gentleman froin Massachu-
setts very well, and if I adopted his premises
1 would agree with his conclusion. But my
point is that the act is a limitation on the power
of the appointing President, and does not give
to the office any given or certain tenure.
Mr. WOODWARD. When the civil-tenure
law was under consideration in the Senate it
was there distinctly stated by Mr. Sherman,
of Ohio, that it diu not include the Cabinet
officers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am cow speaking of this
amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. And you now say this
new provision does not embrace them.
Mr. BINGHAM. In my opinion it does not.
And now in regard to the other point to which
I was addressing myself when interrupted. I
ask the House to consider that the second sec-
tion of the old law, which is expressly repealed
by this amendment, declares that the Presi-
dent shall not suspend any officer appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate save for cause, for incompetency, malfeas-
ance in office, crime, or legal disqualification.
By the Senate amendment now before us, and
in which I ask the House to concur, the Presi-
dent is authorized, as I have said, to suspend
all these officers at his discretion, and to desig-
nate persons in their stead to discharge the
duties of the offices and to receive all the
emoluments of those offices until the end of
the next session of the Senate.
I insist that that provision stands with the
very letter and spirit of the Constitution, and
with all the interpretations put upon it. Not-
withstanding all that has been said by gentle-
men upon the subject, it is my belief that before
the act of 1807 was passed your Constitution
stood in the way of the President, appointing
any one to office from which he had removed
another beyond the end of the next session of
the Senate, where the office was to be filled by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
To state it shortly, as a lawyer would state it.
as I have seen it stated by a great authority, it
limited the power of the President to the end
of the next session of the Senate in the ap-
pointment of any officer not inferior. The
Constitution says that inferior-officers may be
appointed by the President alone, bj the courts
of law, or by the heads of Departments, as the
law may provide. But all other officers, in-
cluding embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
&c., shall be appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
The Constitution concludes that section by
providing further that—
" The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions winch shall expire
at the end of their next session."
That is the Constitution. And wherein does
it differ in letter or in spirit, from this amend-
ment of the Senate? Before this act of 1867
was passed it was a debated question in this
country whether the word t£happen" in the
Constitution did not mean only a vacancy aris-
ing by the voluntary act of the party, his resig-
nation, or by death. It was always disputed
in this country, and denied by some of the first
intellects in the very first Congress—men who
assisted in the formation of the Constitution—■
that the President had any power under the
Constitution, and without express law, to create
a vacancy. But here is a provision wisely framed
authorizing him, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and of the House of Rep-
resentatives, too, under the law, to create a
vacancy in the public service for the public
good by suspending an officer. It simply pro-
vides that that vacancy having been in effect
created, although the officer is still in esse, it
shall expire at the end of the next session of
the Senate. Those words of the amendment
are the very words of the Constitution itself.
Now gentlemen say to us, suppose that the
Senate, under the Constitution, shall not con-
cur in any nomination the President may make
after suspension? Sir, that suggestion is not
worth much. It proves too much if it proves
anything. It proves simply that the Constitu-
tion itself is in theway. 'The President under
the Constitution cannot, except with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, appoint any-
body to office other than inferior officers under
your law, and those inferior officers he must
appoint in the manner prescribed by your law.
As to your power over removals, it is too late
in the day in this country to deny to the Con-
gress of the United States the power to legis-
late upon that subject.. That is my answer to
the question raised by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. LoGiN.] That gentlemanhimself
made a veryelaborate argument upon it, which
I read with care. I agreed in all his conclu-
sions as I now recollect. Among other things
he therein advocated the power of Congress to
fill all theseoffices temporarily by legislation. I
refer now to the provision of your statutes con-
ferring the power by law upon certain persons
during the temporary absence of heads of De-
partments to discharge the duties of the Depart-
ments and to exercise all the functions of the
office—to be, in fact, for the time being the heads
of the Departments. This proposed amend-
ment stands with all that.
I admit, sir—I admitted it yesterday when
the gentleman from Massachusetts was engaged
in this discussion—that the language of the
amendment could be improved. I have no
doubt of it. But when we obtain the sub-
stance, why should we differ about forms ? It
is important that this bill should be passed.
It is important, I think, forthepublicinterest,
that it should be passed at once. It is import-
ant for the Executive himself that it should
be passed. And if we should find by next
winter that we had not gone far enough in the
direction indicated the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will find me as ready then as I was
when he moved the unconditional repeal of
the tenure-of-office law to go with Iiim.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senate be any readier
I then than now?
> Mr. BINGHAM. If not by concurring m
this amendment we shall have attained what
certainly is of very great consequence. "We
shall have repealed the first section and the
second section of the tenure-of-office act. We
shall have given the President power to sus-
pend every civil officer without assigning any
reasons for so doing and without being chal-
lenged by anybody.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman pretend
to say, as a lawyer, that by repealing the first
and second sections and substituting therefor a
section providing substantially the same thing
we shall have gained anything except so far as
regards the term of office ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Why, sir, the gentleman
is utterly at fault in all this matter. In the
first place, is there nothing gained when you
absolutely repeal a section of a law which I
have read in the hearing of the House in my
opening remarks, and which declares expressly
that the Cabinet officers, naming every one of
them, shall hold their offices respectively dur-
ing the term of the President by whom they
were appointed, and for one month thereafter?
When we repeal that does the gentleman say
there is nothing gained ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; but 
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the gentle-
man's position, and I desire to answer him.
Again, do wo gain nothing by repealing tho
second section, which provides :
That when any offioor appointed as aforesaid, ex-
cepting judges of the United States courts, shall,
during a recess of the Senate, be shown, by evidence
satisfactory to the President, to be guilty ct miscon-
duct in office orerime, or for any reason shall become
incapable or legally disqualified to perform its duties,
in such case, and in no other, the President, may sus-
pend such officer and designate some suitable person
to perform temporarily the duties of such othce until
the next meeting of the Senate, and until the case
shall be acted upon by the Senate.
What does this bill provide? That the Pres-
ident may suspend officers without assigmtig
any reason, without any incapacity or misde-
meanor or crime on their part. He is not
required to give to any man a reason for his
action. I think that by this something is
gained. In short, there is so ranch gained that
there is nothing of this tenure-of office act lett
touching the President of the United btatts
^Mrt'LOGA^ Will the gentleman answer
me one question? Does not this bill provide
i that no man's term of office shall expire except
i by the aonsent of the Senate—that, in other
