:_'869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
I believe we ought to concur. I have shown
that the amendment gives the President power
to remove every one of his Cabinet ministers ;
that it takes away from him the limitations of
the second section of the tenure-of-office law
in regard to suspending any civil officer; that
it expressly provides that he may suspend every
civil officer without giving reasons for it, and
that the suspension remains operative till the
end of the next session of the Senate; that it
goes eveu further, and says to him that he need
not fill offices that are vacant which in his opin-
ion ought not to be filled. You thereby clothe
him with a power never before conferred upon
an Executive. Yet gentlemen stand here and
say they have great confidence in the President,
but work constantly on the other side to pre-
vent thepassage ofthis amendmeutwhicli gives
the President these extraordinary powers, and
by defeatingthe amendment leave him fettered,
bound, " naked to his enemies." I assail no
man's motives, but I say again thcs people will
hold this House to a responsibility if it refuse
to give to the President by law relief from the
restraints'now upon him in the discharge of
the duties of his office.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat if I were assured that
the Senate would consent to the repeal of the
tenure-of-office law I would vote for it just as
cheerfully as before. But they have not con-
sented to it. They have given us notice that
they will not consent to it. We have had angry
contention among our own friends. I under-
stand perfectly well that the President of the
United States will feel himself strengthened
and upheld by the action of the House in con-
ferring upon him the great power provided for
by this amendment, thereby repealing the first
and second sections of the act of 1867. I do
hope the House will reconsider the vote of
reference. I have no objection to the sense
of the House being taken at once on that ques-
tion after reconsideration of the reference. I
do not desire to shut off discussion. I do not
fear discussion. There are merits in this
amendment that entitle it to the favorable
consideration of the House. I call the pre-
vious question on the motion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Oh, yield to me.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; Iwithdrawit.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand that I am
now entitled to the floor for an hour. I desire
to call the attention of the House for a few
moments to the question at issue, and to pre-
sent a view of the case that I believe has not
been presented, but which I think will repre-
sent a large class of men who have not yet been
heard in this debate.
In order to do this properly I must refer to
the history of this law, the amendment of which
is now under consideration. The Fortieth Con-
gress passed a law to regulate the tenure of
civil offices because the President was abusing
the high trust confided to him. I should be
sorry to believe, and I will not assume that any
member who voted for that bill believed, he was
violating the Constitution by so doing. I well
remember that in the long debate which pre- I
ceded its passage it was argued that the bill
was based on a great principle of constitu-
tional right which ought to be asserted at all
times; and though it was acknowledged that
many provisions of the law were made to meet
the special case of Andrew Johnson, and were
therefore intended to be but temporary cheeks,
yet it was stoutly asserted that the funda-
mental principle of the law was to find its place
among the permanent and salutary statutes of
the nation. I take the liberty of referring to
a paragraph of a speech I made during that
debate, chiefly because it contains a quotation
of great value. It is this:
"To those who so confidently pronounce the civil
tenure act unconstitutional I commend the follow-
ing passage from a speech delivered by Daniel Web- j
ster in the Senate of tho United States, on the 16th
of Fobruary, 1S35: j
" ' [ think, then, sir, that the power of appoint- j
ment naturally and necessarily includes the power I
of removal, where no limitation is expressed, nor j
any tenure but that at will declared. The power of
appointment being conferred on the President and |
Senate, I think the power ot removal went along with
it, and should have been regarded as a part of it, and
exeroised by the same hands. X think the Legisla-
ture possesses the power of regulating the condition,
duration, qualification, and tenure of office in all
cases where the Constitution has made no express
provision on the subject.'"
I remind gentlemen also that in the last
Congress this House carried articles of im-
peachment to the Senate and sent its managers
to the bar of the Senate to maintain those
articles and prosecute the impeachment—and
that the articles and the trial were based on two
or three primary doctrines believed in and in-
sisted on by the House, and ably defended by
its chosen managers. The whole proceeding
was based on the general charge that the Pres-
ident had attempted to remove and appoint
officers without the advice and consent of the
Senate, and that he did so in violation not
only of the civil tenure law, but of the Consti-
tution also. I am sure this statement will re-
ceive the assent of every gentleman who was
a member of the last Congress. The question
of impeachment turned on the constitutional
doctrine of the appointing and removingpower;
and the view taken on that subject by this
House, and maintained before the Senate by
the managers, was exactly the reverse of that
now maintained by those who oppose the Sen-
ate amendment.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] has made an exceedingly clear and
able statement of his view of the case; but
with very great respect for his ability and learn-
ing, he seems to me to have made a capital
error in his argument; to which I desire to
invite his attention. I repeat that the whole
impeachment trial was based upon the propo-
sition that the President alone did not possess
the power of appointment or removal of any
oificer to whose appointment the consent of
the Senate was necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I would be very much obliged
to the gentleman if he would satisfy me in regard
to that point.
Mr. GARFIELD. I can hardly expect to do
that. I will, however, say to the gentleman
that I have run over the arguments of all the
managers, and they all did make that claim.
Mr. DAVIS. What did the Senate do with
that claim—the Senate, that now claims all the
power ?
Mr. GARFIELD. They approved it by a
large majority—nearly large enough for con-
viction. The third article of impeachment,
which was voted for by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, charged directly that the Presi-
dent had attempted to appoint and remove with-
out the consent of the Senate while that body
was in session.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman forgets en-
tirely that the question of appointment -and
removal in the vacation is one thing, and the
attempt to appoint and remove during the ses-
sion of the Senate is another thing.
Mr. GARBTBLD. I do not forget it. I
intended to come to that point in a moment.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman's statement
was that the whole impeachment trial was
based upon the ground that under the Consti-
tution the President has no power whatever
over removals.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I said one of the grounds. I will
state another in a moment.
Mr. DAWES. To satisfy the gentleman
that the third article of impeachment does not
bear him out, I ask his attention to the article
itself.
Mr. GAPoFIELD. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me until I finish my statement, and then
I will yield to him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this subject was argued
very elaborately iu this House, and still more
elaborately before the Senate, and this was the
ground on which we planted our cause : that |
the power of removal, except by impeachment,
is not conferred in express terms either upon
the President or the Seriate, but that it is inci-
dent to the power of appointment, and that a
man is removed from office, except in cases of
impeachment only by the appointment of his
successor, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, the appointment so made and so
confirmed incidentally working a removal.
Mr, BUTLBB* of Massachusetts. Or iu the
vacation without the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am speaking now of
the time when the Senate is in session. I will
come to the vacation in a moment. I repeat
that it was everywhere held by those who
favored impeachment that the power of removal
is an incident to the power of appointment,
and that as it required the advice and consent
of the Senate to appoint, that same advice and
consent when applied to an appointment did
incidentally work a removal.
Where can we look for a clearer statement
of this doctrine than that made by Mr. Webster
in 1835, and quoted by Mr. Manager Butler?
Mr. Webster said:
" If one may be Secretary of State and another be
appointed, the first goes out by tho more force of the
appointment of the 'other without any previous
removal whatever. And this is the practice of tiie
Government and has been from the first. Iu all the
removals which have beenmado they have geneially
been effected simply by making otherappointments.
I cannot find a case to tho contrary. There is nosuch
thing as any distinct oiheiat act of removal. I havo
looked into tho practice and causod inquiries to ba
made in the Departments, and I do not learn that
any such proceeding is known as an entry or rfcortl
of the removal oi an officer from office, amd the Presi-
dent would only act in such cases by causing some
proper record or entry to be made of tho fact of re-
moval."
On this passage Mr. Manager Butler re-
marked :
"This would seem to reconcile all the provisions of
the Constitution, the right of removal being in tho
President, to be executed sub modo, as is the power
of appointment; tho appointment, when consum-
mated, making tho removal."
From this it follows inevitably that it is only
by the consent of the Senate to a new*appoint-
ment that the President can make a removal;
and he is a bold man who will venture to deny
this conclusion. But gentlemen say that this
doctrine applies only to the time when the Sen-
ate is in session, and that during the recess of
that body the President may make appointments
and removals at his discretion. I proceed to
examine that question ; and here it is that the
gentleman from New York [Mr, Davis] appears
to be in error. The sole provision of the Con-
stitution touching this question is in these
words:
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess ot the
Senate by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
Not one word about removals is found here,
not even a word about appointments. The
doctrine of appointment and of tho removal
consequent upon appointment has already been
fully stated in a former paragraph of the in-
strument. This clause relates to an excep-
tional situation and applies to accidental and
exceptional circumstances which may arise m
the absence of the Senate—one of the partners
in the appointing power. The language of the
clause clearly indicates the purpose of its
framers to provide againstunforeseen accidents
by a temporary arrangement which is not called
an appointment, and cannot be so regarded
except in a qualified sense. The language is
peculiarly guarded. The President may not
"appoint" in the full sense of that word as
set forth iu the former clause, where it may
imply removal; he may only "fill up vacan-
cies." What vacancics? All? Manifestly
not. If any existed when the Senate adjourned
he cannot fill them up during the recess. Can
he make a vacancy and then "fill it up?''
Clearly not; for he is limited to "vacancies
that may happen.'' This term " mayhappen''
clearly indicates casualty, accident, such as
death, resignation, or other unforeseen events,
and not a vacancy purposely made by an execu-
tive act of removal.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose the incumbent of an
office happens to run away to Canada,
Mr. GARFIEDD. Weil, suppose he does.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there a vacancy ?
Mr. GARFIELD, So far as the President
is concerned it is a happening; it is a vacancy
