1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§17
rights no longer, but enacted a law in pursu-
ance of the Constitution. Let us leave the
principle of that law on our statute-book. It
leaves the President free to carry on the Gov-
ernment as he may deem most wise. He is
not crippled by the law. I do not believe he
will feei himself shackled by the law as it comes
from the Senate. I believe he will cheerfully
approve it.
i shall, then, vote against all motions to refer,
regarding them as efforts to delay the work of
the President and to keep the nation in sus-
pense. I shall vote against all measures to
delay or seriously to modify this bill. I shall
vote against non-concurrence. I shall vote to
concur in the bill as it comes to us from the
Senate.
Mr. MUNGEN. I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio to state that under the Consti-
tution of the United States the consent of the
Senate is necessary to the consummation of all
appointments, and that the consent of the Sen-
ate is also necessary to the consummation of
all removals. If that be so, then has not every
President from Washington down violated the
oath he took to support the Constitution of
the United States?
Mr. GAItFIELD. My colleague misunder-
stands me, and I will repeatwhat, I have stated.
It has been decided by the best judicial minds
of the country that the power to remove is
incident to the power to appoint; that an ap-
pointment made by arid with the advice and
consent of the Senate does, ipso facto, work a
removal; that the question is never taken, will
the Senate consent directly to a removal, but
will the Senate consent to a new appointment.,
and that the continuation of the new appoint-
ment pushes out the incumbent by its own
vigor. There is no vote oil the removal; but
only on the new appointment.
I yield the remainder of my time to my col-
league.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not much to say,
and what little 1 have I may be unable to say
with satisfaction to myself, laboring as I do
under a severe cold, which makes me hoarse.
My colleague has defined my position for me.
The Chicago Tribune, I observe, speaks of the
people in and about Washington, in and out of
office, asbeingnowdivided intotwo parties—of
"the repealers" and " the suspenders;" and
I did remark to my colleague, as I now admit
to the House, that I never belonged to either,
but from the beginning of the agitation of this
question in the present. Congress have been an
"ainender." I would have done that long
before this if I had the opportunity, for at the
very time when there was sprung upon the
House a repeal of the tenure-of-office act and
carried through without an opportunity to
amend or debate it, I had in my drawer a bill
which I intended presenting for the discussion,
consideration, and action of the House, look-
ing to an amendment of that law.
Before I leave that point I will say why I
am not in favor of the repeal of this law which
I think embodies a sound constitutional pro-
vision, and which to some extent ought to be
retained on the statute-book. I would rather
vote for its repeal than vote to suspend it for
four years or any other time, for I would be
satisfied that in giving a vote of that kind my
faith was not in the law, except as I might use
it as an instrument for party purposes.
I therefore am against suspension first and
entirely ; I am against repeal entirely, and I
am in favor of amendment for the reason I
have suggested ; because I believe there is
embodied in this law a sound and wholesome
constitutional principle that ought to be vin-
dicated by us and retained upon the statute-
book.
If I believed with the distinguished and able
jurist from New York, [Mr. Davis,] who has
come to be a member of this body, that the
Senate has no power whatever such as we have
claimed for that body, 1 would at once yield
the question. But I have been rather aston-
ished than convinced by the proposition which
he has submitted to the House. I understand
him to claim, in the first place, that because'the
President is sworn to see that the laws are
faithfully executed it is therefore a fair infer-
ence that he ought, to have the power of remov-
ing any officers subordinate to him who are
to be employed in aiding in the execution of
the laws. If that be true, then the President
ought in like manner to have the power of
appointing all officers without the advice and
consent of the Senate; for it is just as neces-
sary, if he alone is to see to the execution of
the laws, that the Constitution should have left
him free to appoint all subordinates as it would
be that he should be left free to remove all
subordinates.
Now, I disagree with the gentleman. We
are not arguing here what according to his view
the Constitution ought to be, but we aie en-
deavoring to find out what the Constitution is;
and I hold that so far as appointment is con-
cerned the Constitution is clear and express in
its terms, and that it is about as clear in refer-
ence to that inferential power in regard to
removal. But the gentleman from New York
thinks not. He argues, as I have never heard
before claimed, in one sense at least, that the
Senate is no part of the appointing power
whatever, Itiis is perhaps a play upon words.
It seems to me there is no substance in the
proposition. How does the gentleman main-
tain it? By reference to the literal language of
the Constitution—11 the President shall nom-
inate, and, by and with the advice of the Sen-
ate, shall appoint." That is, he shall nominate
and he shall appoint. In one sense, therefore,
the President alone does appoint. But when
you look at the qualifying words, that that ap-
pointment is no subsisting thing and takes no
effect without the advice and consent of the
Senate, without the concurrent action of another
power, it seems to me a mere play upon words
to say that he alone has the appointing power.
Let us try this by an illustration. We
occasionally pass what we call a concurrent
resolution, and it is in this form: "Resolved
by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,") that such and such things shall
be done. Now, that has to have the assentof
the Senate to go upon your Journal as an agree-
ment mutually between the two Houses for the
performance of a certain act. But the gentle-
man would claim, according to his argument,
that though it was a resolution of the House it
was no resolution of the Senate, for the House
first passed it, and only did it subject to a con-
currence of the Senate. Let us take a more
homely illustration. A proposition of marriage
is made generally by the man, unless there be
an exception in leap-year, or unless we have
arrived at that stage of society where the softer
sex are to take an equal part in everything
that is done in the world. The man ordinarily
proposes, and the woman consents; but it is
not a contract ot' marriage, according to the
argument of the gentlemau, except on the part
of the man, because the woman is but a cer-
tain party to whom the man himself is the
real, substantive proposing power.
The President of the United States makes
treaties. How ? Look at the language of the
Constitution :
" He bliaH have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties.'*
And yet, according to the gentleman's argu-
ment, that certainly goes too far. The Senate
we hear now for the first time described as no
part of the treaty-making power. The Presi-
dent negotiates a treaty, but it is all inchoate ;
it is all incomplete until the Senate concur ;
and yet incomplete and ineffective as it is, until
that concurrence is obtained the gentleman
would, I suppose, undertake to prove that the
Senate is no part of the treaty-making power.
I have no disposition to stand here and dis-
pute what seems to me a mere change upon
words, a mere sounding of phrases, 1 admit
that the language of the Constitution is that
the President shall nominate and that he shall
appoint; but before it comes to the provision
that he shall appoint, to that part of the lan-
guage there is interposed a condition, a sub-
stantive, real assent of another party, which
assent is to be obtained before the appoint--
ment is conclnded; and therefore I say for all
real, substantial meaning and sense in that
phrase of the Constitution the Senate is made a
part of the appointing power.
Now, then, let me proceed to speak briefly
of the question as I think it is before us. The
Constitution is clear as to who may appoint to
office. Itis the President, withtheconcurrence
of the Senate; that is, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. But there may occur times,
and the framers of the Constitution saw the
possibility of such occasions, when the Senate
not being at hand to give its advice and con-
sent, there must be some provision interposed
to relieve fibm the difficulty that might arise.
They therefore proceeded to say that if vacan-
cies happen in the recess, when the Senate is
not in session, the President may give commis-
sions, which, however, they guard by saying
that they shall expire with the conclusion ot
the next session of the Senate, thus showing
how jealous the framers of the Constitution
were of the right of the Senate to be a part of
the appointing power. We foresee, they de-
clare, that in the vacation, in the recess, it may
become necessary, by reason of casualties, to
fill offices which have become vacant, and we
will, from the necessity of the occasion, lodge
the power where it may be well trusted, in the
President, but with the careful declaration
that we do not mean to abandon the principle
that the Senate are to assist in appointments,
and, therefore, the commissions expire if the
Senate adjourns without its concurrence in the
appointments.
Now, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] has broached a proposition which to
mo is entirely new. He says that when the
President nominates, during the session of the
Senate, A B to fill the place of C D, removed, if
the Senate adjourns without confirming A B, or
if they reject A B, thenC Dis also out of office.
I do not understand that that has ever been
the practice of the Government, and I think
the gentleman stated it inadvertently.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is very much
mistaken about what I stated. I did not say
during the session of the Senate. I said no
such thing. I had no reference to the session
of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I misunderstood the gen-
tleman, perhaps, although I made a note of it
at the time. I pass fiom that.
Mr. LOGAN. I had no reference to the ses-
sion of the Senate. I was speaking with refer-
ence to this bill that is before the House, which
does not refer to the session of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I accept the explanation
which the gentleman makes, and pass from any
criticism upon what I supposed he had said to
the fact itself as it exists in the practice under
the Constitution, and that fact I affirm to be
this : that the President may at any time while
the Senate is in session send a nomination to
the Senate of a man to fill an office in which
there is already an incumbent, but that if the
Senate adjourns without the confirmation of
the nominee, or rejects that nomination, the
incumbent remains in. It is the form for the
President usually, I believe, to say that he
nominates A B to fill the place of C D, re-
moved, and yet, although that word"removed"
is used by the President in making the nomin-
ation the construction of the Constitution and
the practice under it has always been such that
the word "removed" goes for nothing in that
case, because by the Constitution he cannot be
removed under the circumstances. So far from
being an argument, therefore, against my prop-
osition it is in favor of it, that when the Presi-
dent sends a nomination of A B to fill the place
of C D, removed, if the Senate do not consent
C D is not removed, showing that it has never
been the understanding that under the Consti-
tution the President could in such a case
remove without the advice and consent of tho
Senate.
Now, then, what is there in this whole mat-
ter? I sav it is clear that the appointing
