1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
also attached in slips ; and I move that they be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, i also give notice that I
shall offer at the proper time to House bill No.
123 the amendment that I send to the desk. I
move that it be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
eights of actual settlers.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I had the
honor the other day to report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with a unanimous
recommendation in favor of it. Senate bill No.
167, a bill which had been previously reported
by the same committee at the last session. I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate that
that bill be taken up and put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 107) amendatory of an act
to protect the rights of actual settlers upon the
publie lands of the United States, approved
July 27, 1868, and for other purposes.
Mr. COLE. I hope my colleague will con-
sent to let that bill go over till to-morrow. It
is the same bill that was up at the last hours
of the last session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. It is therefore not before the Senate.
If there be no further reports of committees
that order is closed, and the introduction of
bills and joint resolutions is in order.
s. and ii. sayles.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 47. It will create no debate,
and take but a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it about?
Mr. FERRY. It is a bill for the relief of S.
and II. Sayles; a claim which has been indorsed
by the War Department, reported favorably
by the Committee on Claims at the last session,
passed the Senate at the last session, and has
again been referred to the committee and
reported favorably at this session. It embraces
a large sum of money and it is very unjust to
the claimants, arid leading them to the verge
of ruin, to be kept out of their pay. It will
create no debate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope we shall be allowed
to go through with the introduction of bills.
Mr. FERRY. I will give way for that pur-
pose if the Senator from Rhode Island will
allow me to take up the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the bill at this time.
The Chair bears no objection, and the bill (S.
No. 47) for the relief of S. and H. Sayles is
before the Senate as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FERRY. I now yield to the Senator
from Rhode Island.
financial scheme.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I move
that the bill offered by me (S. No. 194) enti-
tled ''A bill to loan the public money" be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
It seems particularly fitting that this bill
should go to this committee. It embodies not
so much a question of finance or of tax as a
measure for distributing and circulating the
publie money after it shall have come under
the control of the Government. Again, it is
particularly appropriate that this bill should
receive the careful consideration of this com-
mittee as it is at present constituted—at its
head an ex Secretary of the Treasury, [Mr.
Fessendex,] familiar with the general charac-
ter and workings of the present lreasury, a
man of great ability and courage, and who has
given to all questions of finance before the Sen-
ate his especial attention and consideration;
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. grimes,] capa-
ble, honest, fearless, and watchful of bis coun-
try's welfare; the Senator from California,
[Mr. Cole,] whose business is even now con-
ducted upon a gold basis, and whose practical
41 st Cong. 1st Sess.- -No. 21,
and conscientious qualities command the high-
est consideration; the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] who holds his high
station among us as a candid, high-toned gen-
tleman, absorbed in efforts to relieve the dis-
tressed section he represents ; the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] son of one of
our country's brave naval ornaments, already
long enough with us to convince us that he is
anchored upon principle and steadfast in his
desire to promote hiscouutry'sbestgood ; and
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
who is certainly familiar with the machinery
of Government.
A strong combination. It bears an augury of
success. If this measure fails, then must the
times be bad indeed. It does seem to me that
the hand of God is in this work. The saving of
a country, the securing of the mutual interests of
a people and its Government, the establishing
of its republican institutions, the purifying of
its religion, its society, and its education.
What a glorious destiny 1 And if success
attend these efforts—and success will attend
them if the committee pass favorably on this i
measure—their names will bo transmitted to
posterity in letters of gold and statues of
bronze, and their work will liveiti the memory
of a grateful and prosperous people forever.
The motion was agreed to.
' bills introduced.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent. obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
216) to establish the office of Solicitor and
Naval Judge Advocate General; which was
read twice by its title, referred to ilieComniittee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 217) for the relief of James A. Waymire,
of Oregon, second lieutenant first United
States cavalry; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the ConSmittee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 218) prescribing an oath of office to be
taken by persons who participated in the late
rebellion, but who are not disqualified from
holding office by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 219) to confirm the ebaiter of the New
Orleans and Ship Island Canal Company, and
to grant a right of way to said company; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
priii ted.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
220) te .remove the poll deal disabilities of Alex-
ander Rives, of Virginia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the select Committee
on the Removal «of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
221) for the relief of the sureties of Israel T.
Oanby, late receiver of public moneys at Craw-
fordsville, Indiana; which was read twice by its
title, and referred totbeCommittee on Claims.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 222)
to relieve John Watts, of the State of Missis-
sippi, from legal and political disability ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 221!)
to relieve certain persons therein named from
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities,, and ordered
to be. printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint.reso-
lution (S. R. No. 49) directing the Secretary
of the Interior to issue a patent to the Indiana
yearly meeting of the Society of Friends for a
certain tract of land in tne Shawnee reserva-
tion ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to tbe Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 50) forthereliefof John Mont-
gomery ; which was read twicehy its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
printing of a document.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of
the report of thoSeeretary ot War, transmitting the
report of tho chief of engineers relative to guaran-
tying the payment of certain bonds to bo issued by
the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mississippi,
for the purpose of building and repairing tho levees
in said State, be printed for the use of the Senate.
s. and ii. sayles.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business the bill taken up at
the request of the Senator from Connecticut is
now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 47) for
the relief of S. and II. Sayles. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of War to pay the sum of
$88,688 15 to S. and II. Sayles, of Killingly,
Conneclicut, in full satisfaction and discharge
of all their claims and demands upon tho Gov-
ernment of the United States arising out of
a contract made by them in the month of'March,
1865, to furnish clothing for the Army of the
United States.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Wisconsin,
the chairman of tbe Committee on Claims,
when this bill was up at the last session, made
a very concise and clear statement of the facts,
which I would ask him to make again at the
present time, if there be any objection to the
bill, as he has already twice investigated tbe
case.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to bo engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the bill (S. No. b2) to incor-
porate the National Junction Railway Com-
pany.
railroad from california to oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
94) to amend an act entitled •' An net granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad, m California,to Portland, in Oregon,"
approved April 25, 1806.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have that
bill laid over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a brief
statement as to the bill, if the Senate will listen
to me for one moment. I introduced the bill
at the last session of Congress and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; it
was there considered after the controversy had
been argued by counsel befoie the committee,
and tbe committee reported it back. It. was
called up for consideiation, and upon objec-
tion being made it was recommitted to that
committee and reconsidered, and the Senator
from Indiana, not now a member of this body,
(Mr. Hendricks,) was instructed to report the
bill back to the Senate, making such changes
in the phraseology as he saw fit to make. He
jl made no changes, but reported the bill back.
;i On account of the lateness of the time it was?
: not called up at the last session. T introduced
1 tne same bill at this session; it was referred
; to ths Committee on Public Lands; the par-
■ ties concerned appeared there by their respect-
.! ive attorneys and argued tbe questions involved
