324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
gress has no authority to perform that office as
to any auxiliary powers it may find necessary
and proper to organize, much less to absorb
those which, from their nature and constitu-
tional classification, belong to the other Depart-
ments. If it were conceded that the removal
from office is not provided for in the Constitu-
tion, and being necessary and proper to enable
the President to execute his powers, a law must
be passed to organize it, Congress could not
execute this auxiliary executive power, nor
vest it, in whole or part, in the Senate, a branch
of the legislative power, or elsewhere; but the
Constitution would take hold of it as soon as
organized, and appropriate it by this language:
" The exeoutive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States."
Some twenty-five years ago, I adopted the
opinion that the power of removal belonged
jointly to the President and the Senate, as a
sequence from the power of appointment; but
subsequent and thorough examination of the
subject has convinced me that I was in error;
and the experiment of the civil office tenure
bill has demonstrated the evils and impractica-
bility of the President and Senate conjointly
executing this power, and vindicated the wis-
dom of the founders of our Government in
confiding it exclusively to him.
Mr. President, we have heard it announced j
again and again in this Chamber, that it was
the corrupt exercise of this power of removal
by President Johnson which brought Congress
to the enactment of the civil office tenure act;
and the object and end of this measure was the
purification of the Government in that respect,
and the protection of the Treasury from the
■ plunderers and thieves that a bad President
was substituting and would continue to substi-
tute for honest and faithful men. This was
assuming proper and lofty ground, equivalent
to a proclamation that the desire and aim of
the friends of the measure were honesty and
fidelity in the officers of the Government, and
nothing beside. This, however, was but" sound-
ing brass and tinkling cymbals," a false pre-
tense. , Did not the bold and frank Senator |
from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] so taunt you a !
few days since? He said : |
"We have this law upon the statute-book which !
we passed to prevent Andrew Johnson from rernov- i
ing Republicans from office. That was the purpose.
I strip it of all gui^e, of all arguments, of all consti-
tutional questions."
And he thendeclared himself fortbeprompt,
unconditional, and absolute repeal of this law,
because even its continuance by suspension
until ihe next session would not only fetter the
hands of President Grant in the work of re-
moving Johnson men, copperheads, and Dem-
ocrats from office, but be a standing badge of
distrust and reproach upon him.
The Radicals of Congress and their adherents
have been inordinately greedy of office, for more
than four fifths of the incumbents were their
friends and supporters. President Johnson
was too moderate and slow to reduce the dis-
proportion near to that point. He, as all Pres-
idents, had personally no knowledge of the
fitness or unfitness of his nominees generally,
and gave trust to the statement of his friends.
Like his predecessors, he could not avoid put-
ting into office some incompetent and dishonest
men, but he made as few mistakes in that
respect as any of them since the time it has
become largely the practice of the Govern-
ment to remove from office to procure places
as the rewards of partisanship ; and it will be
fortunate for his successor and the country
if he does not err more largely in this line.
When Johnson removed an officer or nom-
inated another man to supersede him, if he did
not get one as good or better it was an excep-
tional case. He sought for integrity, capacity,
and character, men who could give him real aid
in his Administration, and secure for it respect
and popular approbation ; while the Senate, in
passing on his nominations, ignored honesty,
capability, and fitness in every form, and estab-
lished another and but a single test—support
of the congressional policy of reconstruction.
That was the sum of all fitness and excellence
for every place and every office, according to its
system of political morals, and for its absence
there was no equivalent, no substitute. The
combination in the nominee of the greatest
capacity and skill for the place, the highest order
of integrity and fidelity, the most assiduous
industry, and the best habits, every virtue un-
sullied and a spotless character, any amount
of civil or military service, and the hightest
acceptability to the people among whom the
office was to be executed—-the nominee might
be affluent with all these and everything besides
that could add to the worth of man, and yet if
he was not a friend and advocate of congres-
sional reconstuction, he would be promptly
rejected.
Johnson nominated successively for the same
offices, sometimes vacant by death or resigna-
tion and sometimes having incumbents, two,
three, four, five, and six men, and they were
shown to be of high capacity, integrity, and
character, to have large civil experience and
business capabilities, to have rendered import-
ant military services, to be eminently fitted for
the places, and to have led moral and quiet
lives, but in the absence of noisy advocacy of
congressional reconstruction they were held
unworthy, and rejected not only without shame
orremorse, butwith haste and exultation. After
the passage of the civil office tenure act Radical
officers were detected in plundering the public
Treasury and committing perjuries and other
crimes to enable them to effect it. President
Johnson moved in the expulsion of these plun-
derers from their places, but the Senate refused
to cooperate with him, and some of the thieves
were thus kept in their places until they were
condemned by the courts to the penitentiary.
If Washington had been living and in oppo-
sition to congressional reconstruction, and An-
drew Johnson had nominated him to the Senate
to supersede any Radical plunderer, Washing-
ton would have been denounced, condemned,
and rejected, and the plunderer would have been
applauded, glorified, and continued in office.
General Grant approved the impeachment of
Johnson and gave his influence to make it suc-
cessful. I do not know what was his position
in relation to the civil office tenure act when it
passed. We all understand that he now desires
its repeal; but without any regard to his opin-
ions or wishes, then or now, i am for its re-
peal, because I believe it infringes the constitu-
tional power of the President of the United
States on the subject of removal from office,
and that this and all unconstitutional acts of
Congress should be expunged from the statute-
book. The most profligate abuse of that power
would, in my judgment, be a less evil than its
correction or restraint by the civil office tenure
bill. Iknow no satisfactory assurance that this
power would not be abused by President Grant,
but if I could not doubt that he would abuse
it to an incomparably greater degree than the
passions and imaginations of the Radicals have
brought them to believe President Johnson did,
I would still give my voice for the repeal of the
civil office tenure act, because of my strong
conviction that it is a flagrant infraction of the
Constitution.
1 know full well that the power of removal
from office has ever since 1830 been often
and greatly abused, and it would bean import-
ant achievement to devise some measure to
prevent or correct it in the future. A law
promising any result in that direction that
would not conflict with the Constitution, or
impair the proper powers of the President as
the head of the executive department, I would
always support; and I here suggest one that
would require him to report to Congress at the
beginning of each session the names of all the
officers removed since the previous report, ex-
cepting heads of Departments and embassadors
to foreign Powers. The relations between the
President and those officers are so frequent,
confidential, and important that they should be
under his unquestioned control; but no merely
ministerial officer should ever be removed with-
out a good and sufficient reason. Competency,
skill, diligence, honesty, and fidelity ought to
be to these officers a guarantee of their continu-
ance. The offices of the Government are pub-
lic trusts, created for the convenience and good
of all the people and supported by their money j
for men in power to dispose of them as th-jir
property or as the property of their party, is a
crime. The sentiment " that to the victors
belong the spoils," in its application to the
offices and patipnage of our Government, is
corrupt and corrupting, and ought to be infa-
mous.
The civil office tenure bill, one law for Pres-
ident Johnson and another for President Grant,
is the same iniquity under an attempted but
transparent disguise. Different parties some-
times agree as to measures of legislsEtion, and
even of State administration, but never as to the
disposition of offices and patronage. Johnson
and the Radicals differed as to all, and their
quarrel was the fiercer because he was trying
to put them out; they were attempting to stir
heaven, earth, and hell to hold themselves in.
Such a condition of things is only occasional,
and the proper and best corrective is time, the
elections, and the people; to attempt it by
varying laws to suit each occasion is not re-
spectable charlatanism, and establishes a pre-
cedent fraught with indefinite confusion and
mischief.
The balance-sheet between President Grant
and the Radical party is largely in his favor.
Its excesses and misgovern ment had lost it the
confidence of the people. His great services in
putting down the rebellion, his moderation in
victory, his justice and magnanimity to the
overthrown insurgents, his strong common
sense in then comprehending them, their con-
dition, their spirit and purposes, and his broad
and patriotic understanding of what was the
duty and interest of both sections, had won
the confidence of the mass of the American
people, North and South ; and they generally
looked to him as their next President, to restore
the Union under the Constitution and to heal
the still-bleeding wounds of the country. In
the public mind he was set apart to act the
sequel of the great part which had been played
by Washington.
It was manifest that by whatever party he
might be nominated, or whether or not by any,
the people intended to elect him. He was not
of the Radicals and did not suit them, but they
saw that their time had come and their final
overthrow was certain unless they hitched on to
him; they did so, and he elected them. This
was unfortunate for General Grant and the
country. Had he taken the ground that if the
people wished him to be President and elected
him he would accept the office; that he would
not object to the nomination of any or all par-
ties, but would not be the candidate or Presi-
dent of any if called to the high place; that
the Constitution should be the law of his con-
duct and the good of the whole country his
end, he would have been elected by the general
voice of the people, and would be freer to play
the grand part of a second Washington. That
part is still open to him if he should choose to
take it, but it would put into requisition all his
virtue and courage; and the first step would
be a purpose, silent and immovable as his own
nature, not to submit to Radical thraldom.
The reason that the Radical party quarreled
with President Johnson was because he would
not administer the office in subordination to its
policy, will, and interest0, but would exercise
his own reason and will, respect and obey the
Constitution, and make, not the interests of a
faction, but of the country, his object. Having
elected him, they regarded this patriotic course
as impudent and contumacious, and a wrong
to themselves; and to arrest it they manacled
the President with the civil office tenure act,
and placed the key in the hands of the Senate,
which, having tasted the sweets of the power
invested by it, is opposed to making any sur
render. But the Radicals of the House believe
that this new power of the Senate, in which
they have no share, gives their oligarchical
brethren an undue advantage over themselves
in the disposition of the patronage and spoils,
