1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and hence they are vehement to break the fet-
ters from President Grant, and thus wrest this
envied power from the Senate.
The fight is now between the House and
senatorial wings of the Radical party; but if
the civil office tenure act is wholly and cleanly
repealed, and President Grant should resume
the constitutional power and rights of his
office; if in passing upon bills, appointing to and
removing from office and executing his duties
generally lie should not submit himself to the
views, the interests, and dictation of the Rad-
icals of Congress; if he should claim and ex-
ercise the independent judgment and action of
a coordinate departmentof the Government, he
will then find himself assaulted by the Radical
portion of the Republicans of both branches
of Congress. They will reenact for him the
civil office tenure hill with aggravated features ;
and unless he submits himself to their dom-
• inating terms they will impeach him as they
did President Johnson. In this conflict there
would be. one Senator who would stand by
President Grant as he did by President John-
son. When any President and any Congress
are both right I wish them to be in accord ;
when one is right and the other wrong I desire
them to be in discord, and I will give my aid
to the party who maintains the right. I am
unalterably opposed to one department of the
Government trenching upon the constitutional
powers of another, and I am always ready to
uphold the powers of the one invaded accord-
ing to the light of my reason.
[The hour of one o'clock having arrived
during Mr. Davis's speech,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky will suspend his remarks. The
morning hour having expired the unfinished
business of Friday is before the Senate, being
the bill known as the currency bill.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I move that that busi-
ness be laid aside until we finish the matter
under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to laying aside the unfinished busi-
ness ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its being laid aside informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid
aside informally, there being no objection, and
the Scimtor from Kentucky will proceed.
Mr. Davis proceeded and concluded his
speech, as published above.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that
the Senate recede from its amendments to the
bill of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
taking the vote on this question, as there seems
to be in the minds of some, particularly outside
of the Senate, a misapprehension as to the
authority of the President in the appointment
and removal of officers, and as to the effect of
this tenure-of-officeact and of the amendments
of the Senate, I will occupy its attention a few
moments in trying to state as clearly as I can
what powers the President of the United States
has under the Constitution in the absence of
any legislation, and then to state the authority
which he would have without any tenure-of-
office act, and what would be his powers under
the tenure-of-office act as amended by the
Senate.
In the first place, what are the powers of the
President of the United States by the Consti-
tution in the appointment and removal of offi-
cers? It has been said that this is an execu-
tive authority ; and Senators upon the other
side insist that, by virtue of the graut in the
Constitution of the executive power to the
President of the United States, he would have
the general power of appointment and removal
of officers except so far as the Constitution
expressly inhibits it. So far from the grant
of executive power to the President giving
him any authority to appoint or remove an
officer 1 think it is a matter of demonstration
from the Constitution itself that the President
of the United States, without the assent of the
Senate, or without the assent of Congress, with-
out the assent of somebody, has no authority
whatever to appoint any person to any office ;
and if he has no authority to appoint anybody
to an office, he certainly could not remove
anybody from an office, because there would
be nobody to remove until he had obtained
authority by the consent of somebody else to
put a person into office. This, I think, will be
apparent by a reference to the Constitution.
That instrument declares that the President—
" Shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of thy Senate shall appoint, ombapsadois,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
bupreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided tor, and which shall be established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
ot such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
Here within this clause which I have read
is contained all the power of the President
over appointments, and he can only make them
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate or appoint inferior officers when Congress
by law vests him with that authority. There
is another clause in regard to filling up vacan-
cies which I will refer to afterward.
Now, is it not manifest from this reading of
the Constitution of the United States, which
declares thai embassadors and ministers and
judges, and all other officers of the United
States whose offices shall be established by
law, shall be filled b}' the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
that he cannot put anybody into office by him-
sel( ? It is utterly impossible that lie should do
so under the grant of executive authority. The
power which he has is contained iu this section.
Is it not an impossibility to remove from an
office which is not filled, and can the President
fill an office without the advice and consent of
the Senate? Impossible, sir. I know that
the Government cannot be carried on without
agents; we must have officers, and it was in-
tended that the offices should be filled, and
the question arises, when the offices are filled,
how, in case an officer proves unfaithful or
inefficient, is he to be got rid of.
Upon that question the Constitution is silent.
It makes no provision in terms for the removal
of an incompetent or inefficient officer: but
inasmuch as 110 person can be put into office
except by the advice and consent of the Senate,
or in pursuance of a law which authorizes the
Presidentorheads ot'Departmentsor the courts
of law to appoint interior officers, it has been
said, there being no provision in the Constitu-
tion, that the power to remove an incompetent
or an inefficient officer is an incident that be-
longs to the power of appointment. This is
necessarily so, for as it takes the President and
the Senate both to get a person into office the
President alone cannot remove an officer with-
out the consent of the Senate, because the con-
sent of the Senate must first be obtained to put
him into office before he can be put out. The
incident must follow the principal, and you
have got no principal without the Senate's con-
sent. I am now speaking of the President's
constitutional power, and I ask the Senator
from Ohio and tlieSenator from Kentucky, who
talk aboutthePresidenthaviiigthe power under
the Constitution to remove from office, to show
me how by possibility, without first getting the
consent of somebody else, he can get any human
being into office to be removed? He has got
to have the consent of this body or the consent
of Congress before he can put any one into
office. Therefore I say it is an impossibility
for the President to remove anybody from
office without the consent of Congress or of
this body. |
Having given our consent to put a man into j
office, the practice has obtained of removing the j
officer without the consent of the Senate. The j
authority to do that has been disputed from j
the origin of the Government, but it has been i
acquiesced in, and the President lias been in i
the habit during the reces's of the Senate of |
removing men from office and of filling the I
vacancies temporarily by issuing a commission |
to some person to perform the duty of the office •
until the end of the next session of the Senate.
This is all the power that, tile President could
have under any construction of the Constitiz-
j tion. Nobody has claimed anything wore for
the President than this: that persons being put
into office by the consent of the Senate he has
authority to remove an incumbent and create
a vacancy, which be may fill up by a commis-
sion to expire at the end of the next session
of the Senate.
I deny that under the clause of the Consti-
tution in regard to the filling of vacancies the
President has authority to create them by re-
moval. I do not think that it is a fair con-
struction of the language of the instrument.
It reads as follows :
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
benate by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end ot their next session."
You will observe that the President gets 110
authority under that clause to appoint anybody
I to office, because it had been provided in the
■ previous clause of the Constitution that all ap-
1 pointments to office, except to inferior offices
where Congress had authorized them by law to
be filled by the President alone, should be
made by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate ; but inasmuch as vacancies might
sometimes happen—that is, occur by chance or
without expectation—he should he authorized
to do what? To appoint a person to the office 1
No, sir; but he should be authorized to fill
up a vacancy happening during the recess by
granting a commission which expires at the
end of the next session of the Senate. That
was all he could do. It was not intended that
the vacancies to be thus filled should be made
by removal, because it' it had been the word
"happen" would not have been used. This
word " happen" has received a construction
in this body where it is employed in another
portion of the Constitution. In that part of
the Constitution of the United States which
provides for the election of Senators, members
of this body, it is declared :
" If vacancies happen, bv resignation or other-
wise, during the recess of the Legislature of any State,
tho Executive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature."
Under that clause of the Constitution it has
been decided by this body that the Executive
of a State cannot make an appointment in the
case of every vacancy, but that it must be a
vacancy which comes by chance, comes with-
out expectation, and not a vacancy which arises
from the expiration of the term of service of
the incumbent. That very case was decided
iu this body. Where the Governor of one of
the States issued a commission to a person as
a Senator to fill a vacancy caused by the ex-
piration of a term, and he came here and
claimed his seat, the Legislature having failed
to elect any one, the Senate decided that that
was not a vacancy which happened, but that
it was a vacancy occurring in the natural order
of things by the expiration of the term of ser-
vice of the Senator who held before, and they
refused a seat to the person thus appointed.
So in putting a construction upon the word
"happen" in the clause of the Constitution
relative to filling up vacancies in office they
must be vacancies that come by chance during
the recess, such vacancies as come without
expectation, not those which the President
himself creates.
But, sir, assuming that the other construc-
tion is the correct one, and that the President
of the United States has authority to make a
vacancy, and during the recess of -the Senate
to fill up that vacancy by issuing a commission
which shall expire at the end of the next ses-
sion of the Senate, what, then, are the powers
of the President iu the absence of any legisla-
tion? They are to make these temporary ap-
pointments, which will run on until the end of
the next session of the Senate. What, then,
is the coudiiion of the office? It is vacant.
Then it is not a vacancy happening during the
recess. The term " recess" applies to tne
recess before the next meeting of the SetiatQ,
and it would be an abuse of language and a
