328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
tenure-of-office act. Sir, we passed it upon a
grave occasion ; we passed it in the presence
of evils which threatened the harmony of the
country—which menaced the high interests of
the country—in the midst of evils such as always
suggest the
of a rem edial act.
But while I voted for that act under those
circumstances, L beg to say for one, and I pre-
sume I only echo the feelings of other mem-
bers of this body, I voted for it not with sole
and exclusive reference to the then incumbent
of the presidential chair, although his conduct,
above that of all his predecessors, demanded the
passage of such an act; but with me one great
motive was to place upon the 'statute-book a
declaratory enactment evincing to the world
■what I have ever regarded as the true principle
ill this respect, that the Senate of the United
States has a joint and equal power with the
Executive as well in the removal from as in
the appointments to office. No man can read
the Constitution, that clause especially which
has been cited by my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Trombull,] and not see that the
power of appointment is a joint power, con-
ferred, not solely upon the President of the
United States, but also upon the Senate. The
instrument declares that the President shall
nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate shall appoint, all officers of
the United States. It is the will of the Pres-
ident in making the nomination and the will of
the Senate in confirming the nomination that
constitutes the power of the Executive, after
those two acts have been performed, to make
the appointment; so that the appointment is
the joint act of both these branches of the
Government, and not the act of one or of the
other.
An office is nothing but a public agency.
An appointment to office is nothing more than
a power of attorney granted by the proper con-
stituent or constituents to the agent who is to
perform the functions and the duties designated
in that power. There is nothing in the name
"office" that should distinguish it in principle
from an ordinary letter or power of attorney
given by a principal to an agent ; and if there
be two bodies, two persons required to issue a
letter or power of attorney in order to consti-
tute an agent and to confer upon him certain
duties and certain powers, is it not absurd to
say that after the letter has been signed and
issued by the two constituents one of those
constituents can revoke and annul the power
which it required the assent of both to confer?
In law such a proposition would be held to be
absurd, utterly untenable.
The jjower to xemove the agent who has on«e
been constituted and appointed is not merely
incidental to the power of appointing him, not a
mere incident of the appointment, not merely
a part and parcel of ihe power, but it is the
same power. The so-called two powers are
one and the same, for it is absurd to pretend
that when a constituent has appointed an agent
it is out of the power of the constituent himself—
unless there is an interestgranted at the time—■
to revoke the power. The same powerremoves
which appointed the agent, none other. So I
hold that under the Constitution of the United
States, in order to effect a removal from office of
an incambentduly appointed by both branches,
the consert of the two branches is necessary.
In this view of the subject—-and it is the view
which has long been entertained by the wisest
beads and the profoundest thinkers in the
United States—the tenure-of-office act confers
upon the Senate of the United States no new I
power, as has been erroneously pretended; it is
simply a recognition of the constitutional prin-
ciple by which the Senate, exercising its part
of the same power of appointment, becomes a
party also in the removal of the officer, and
ail that we have heard said here or elsewhere
respecting the Senate having acquired a " new
power" is without any foundation. It is but
a power already conferred.
I beg to say directly in this connection that
I do npt receive gratefully the imputation which
is thrown oat upon the Senate of ambitiously
still holding on' upon a power which hitherto
did not belong to it. All this censorious talk
about the ambition of the Senate in adhering
to the power which it already possesses under
this law is totally without foundation. It is
an accusation against the Senate which has no
foundation under the Constitution. We are
only endeavoring to retain a slight grasp upon
one of the obviously constitutional powers per-
taiuing to the body.
Now, sir, we are requested by the House
absolutely to repeal the tenure-of-office act. I
cannot assent to it. If we shall repeal the act
we repeal it forever; and what is the fair,
natural implication flowing from the fact of
such a repeal? I call the attention of the
honorable Senator from Indiana to that ques-
tion. Here is a power claimed on the part of
some to pertain and belong constitutionally
to the President of the United States—the
power of removing officers during the recess
of the Senate, according to his discretion.
That was the usage, I concede, for a great
number of years, but it is but a usage, not
concurred in by all the leading minds of the
country, nor by a very large proportion of them.
If we repeal the act absolutely and uncon-
ditionally we say to the country and to the
world : " We reenact by this act of repeal that
very usage under which the President is recog-
nized as having the complete power of removal
of every officer of the United States during
the recess of the Senate." Wegive that usage
our legislative sanction in as solemn form as
if the very language necessary to enact it had
been inserted in the bill.
We say to the country and the world, and for
all time to come, that this power of removal is
properly and constitutionally a power belong-
ing exclusively to the President of the United
States, and that the Senate have no part or lot
in the matter; that all we have done hereto-
fore in the passage of the tenure-of-office act
was gratuitous and unconstitutional; that we
passed that act for the mere purpose of re-
straining one President who turned out, treach-
erously, to be hostile to the party to which he
belonged ; that the House of Representatives
solemnly brought him to trial upon an im-
peachment founded upon that same act; that
the Senate proceeded to try that impeachment
upon the supposition that there was no doubt
of the validity of the act, but that in the brief
period of two years we have discovered that
this proceeding was only an empty show 1 That
trial was one of the gravest occasions ever pre-
sented in American history—the trial of the
Chief Magistrate of the United States upon
charges resting exclusively upon the tenure-of-
office act. Not only this country, but all civ-
ilized countries looked with the utmost interest
and concern upon that solemn proceeding—the
trial of the President of this great Republic upon
those charges of crimes and misdemeanors
committed under that act. Are we to turn
round now, afterthe lapse of only afew months,
and pay to our own people and the rest of the
world. " That proceeding was but a stupendous
farce ; we meant nothing by it whatever but
to restrain Andrew Johnson,whose politics did
not, happen to accord with our Qwn?"
During that proceeding another claim was
made on the part of the President's counsel;
and that was that the power of removal by the
President of the United States was by no means
confined to the recess of the Senate, but that,
as the Executive Magistrate of the nation, sworn
to see that the laws are faithfully executed, and j
vested with what is called the executive power,
he had the right ad libitum to dismiss and re-
move from office any and all incumbents, even
during the session of the Senate—a claim that
was broadly, clearly, and persistently made by
his advocates in this Chamber. Has the Sen-
ator from Indiana forgotten it? Certainly not.
If we repeal the act, therefore, do we not give
some countenance at least to this claim ofexec-
utive authority, that he has the power of ie-
moval even during the session? I call theatten- i
tion of the honorable Senator to that view of I
the subjeet. i
But, sir, whatever may be the weight or im-
portance ofthispartieular consideration,neither
he nor any other member of the body can deny
that by the repeal of this act the Congress of
theUnited States recognizes in the most solemn
and formal manner the right and power of the
President during a recess of the Senate to remove
from and appoint to office as he shall see fit,
without restraint, without any responsibility to
this body in respect to the act itself or the quali-
fications of the person appointed or the faults
of the person removed.
To me it is a pleasing circumstance to know
that in respect to the amendment which the
Senate after full discussion adopted there is
no difference of opinion as to policy or expe-
diency between this body and the present re-
spected Chief Magistrate. The only parties to
this controversy that I know of are the Senate
of the United States on the one hand and the
House of Representatives on the other, who
fail to agree. But I by no means despair of
finally securing the passage of such an amend-
ment of the act as shall be entirely acceptable
to the two bodies. We represent a great and
patriotic party ; a party who have submitted to
great sacrifices for the preservation of the Gov-
ernment and the Constitution ; a party who are
now looking with the utmost anxiety to our
proceedings on this bill; a party who above all
things else expect that there shall be sufficient
good sense among their representatives in
Congress to harmonize and to avoid a rupture.
Sir, I do not believe, whatever may be said by
others, that the absolute repeal of the tenure-
of-office act would be acceptable to the great
mass of the Republican party throughout the
United States ; ou the contrary I believe they
do not wish to see their representatives here
trifling with this solemn subject. They once
thought the act necessary and proper. We told
them so here; we proceeded to the trial of
Andrew Johnson under it; and I have no doubt
that of all the acts passed by a Republican
Congress there was not one as to which there
was so much unanimity and cordiality among
the people of the United States as this same
tenure-of-office act; and let me say to you, sir,
and to others that if we proceed now to repeal
it we shall, as I think, incur in their judgment
the charge of levity and trifling, not to say
absolute insincerity.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will do me the justice to remember that
I have not opened my head on this subject
during this Congress. I have no hope that
they will remember that I did open my head
upon it repeatedly during the former Congress ;
aud, Mr. President, I would consider the fact
that this debate has occupied so much of the
attention of the Senate of itself a reason why
I should not speak now, but. for the singular
circumstance that the discussion heretofore had
on this subject has resulted, as 1 believe, in
bringing the whole Senate to agree upon one
of two propositions, neither of which can I
agree to. Since, therefore, I am compelled to
stand alone here, I hope the Senate will indulge
me for a few moments while I try to tel! them
the reason of my standing so solitary and alone.
I confess at the outset to have been astounded
at the length of time we have occupied iu this
discussion. The whole question seems to me
so simple that I am astounded we have not
found a solution acceptable to the great ma-
jority, if not to the whole of this Senate long .
since. The question before us concerns the
removal of persons holding civil offices. We
are legislating now upon that one subject, and
we are met at the threshold with the declara-
tion that we have no authority to legislate at
all. That objection is raised as you know, sir,
to a great deal of our attempts at legislation :
and 1 admit that that is the first question which
ought to be settled.
A few Senators say—it will be remembered
that there are but very few Senators who say—
that this question of removing from office is
intrusted by the Constitution to the President
of the United States. That is so, or it is not
so. If that is so, we ought to have let it alone
