1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
and to now let the subject alone. I shall not
occupy the time of the Senate at any length
in considering the question whether the power
of removal is or is not conferred by the Con-
stitution upon the President; but I want to
read to Senators, or to that portion of them
who affirm this theory of the Constitution,
one clause in it, just in the text of the Con-
stitution. This is the genuine article that I
hold in my hand ; it is printed in-the Manual,
and it is not bogus, and here is a clause of it
which, speaking of the powers of the Presi-
dent, declares that—
" He shall nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassa-
dors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of
tile Supreme Court, and all other officers' of the
United States, whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished by law.1'
Then there is a clause, which I will not read,
which says that Congress may authorize in-
ferior officers to be appointed by the heads of
Departments or courts of law, or the Presi-
dent alone. Now I put it to the candid judg-
ment of every Senator on this floor, I care not
what his party affiliations may be, is not the
language which I have read from the Consti-
tution equivalent to saying that no man shall
be put into office by the President unless the
Senate approve the man ? Does not the Con-
stitution declare in substance just that the
President shall put no man into office unless
the Senate approve him? Who will deny that?
I am supposing that there was no clause in
the Constitution which authorizes Congress to
clothe the heads of Departments and courts of
law with the power of appointment. Suppose
that was left out, for that is a power which is
vested in Congress and caunot be exercised
except with the assent of the Senate, then the
Constitution would plainly say that the Presi-
dent could put no man in office unless he was
appioved by the Senate. Suppose you found
that language in the Constitution, followed by
this: "But the President may put any man
out of office that lie does not approve himself,
whether he is approved by the Senate or not."
Suppose you had found these two clauses in
the Constitution, what would you have said of
the instrument? Would you not have said of
the instrument that it was an absurdity, and
would you not have said of the framers of it
that they ought to have been sent to an insane
hospital ?
That is all I have to say upon the text of the
Constitution. I wish Senators would answer
that question if they ever care to say anything
more on this subject. But I have another con-
sideration to address to the Senate. The
remark I have just made I would address to
the whole country, and I say it estops the
mouth of every sensible man to affirm in the
President of the United States a constitutional
right to remove anybody from office. I have
another remark to address to this Senate, and
that is that it the President has in the Con-
stitution the power of removal there are but
very few Senators on this floor who are not
forsworn. Of course that guilt does not lie
upon the conscience of any man who appears
as a member of the Forty-First Congress for
the first time; but if the President has the
power of removal conferred upon him by the
Constitution there are very few men who were
members of the Fortieth or of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress who are not absolutely, positively
forsworn.
1 make this remark now as applicable to my
Democratic friends as to my liepublican friends,
to those on the other side as to those on this
side of the Chamber. Upon this allegation I
shall have no controversy, I suppose, with my
Democratic friends as to the status of the Re-
publicans. They will admit that they are for-
sworn. They will not pretend that those who
voted for the act of March 2, 1S67, did not
flagrantly trample on the Constitution of the
United States because there was an act, as-
sented t,0 by almost, if not every one of the
Republican Senators, .which plainly told the
President of the United States that he should
not exercise this power of removal; and they
declared that after the Pi^sident had vetoed the
bill, after he had appealed to both Houses of
Congress in the name-of the Constitution, after
he had asserted that he had this power under
the Constitution, after he had called upon them
in the name of their oaths and the allegiance
they owed to the Constitution, aud had said
that they must not force that act upon the
statute-book, with all this before them, with
their eyes wide open, with their judgments
thoroughly informed, so far as the President
could inform them, they stood up before the
world, and before that God who made the world,
and said that that power was not vested in the
President of the United States by the Consti-
tution, and therefore they insisted upon passing
that prohibition and putting it upon the statute-
book, the veto of the President to the contrary
hotwithstanding. So, I take it, I shall find no
liepublican, and I have found none on this
floor, who will set up the Constitution as a bar
to any legislation which this Congress proposes
to indulge in touching the power of removal
from office.
But my Democratic friends, I suppose, will
conclude that their skirts are entirely clear,
because they did not assent to that act of
March 2, 1867. That is not the only act upon
the statute-books, my friends. Here are two
acts earlier than that, and I will read the first
one, passed in 1863. It was an act to estab-
lish national banks and regulate them. It was
an act reported to this body from the Finance
Committee, of which I think the honorable
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessesden] was
then chairman, of which the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was then a
member. It created an officer known as the
Comptroller of the Currency, and it declared—•
"He shall bo appointed by the President, on the
nomination ot the Secretary of the Ticasury, by and
with the advice and consent of the Sonate, and shall
hold his office for tho term of five years unless sooner
removed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent ot the Senate."
That provision came to us from the Finance
Committee. That provision met the approval
of this House and the other, and neither from
a Republican nor from a Democrat on the floor
of either House did I ever hear a word of dis-
sent to the constitutional authority of Congress
to enact that law; and my friend, the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] reminds
me of a fact, which comes to my ears now for
the first time, that that clause was drafted and
sent here by a very distinguished lawyer and
jurist who was then at the head of the Lreas-
ury Department.
But, Mr. President, later than that, legis-
lating upon this very subject, and following
the lead on that occasion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox,] you
put this declaration on tho statute-book:
"That s.eetion seventeen of an aet entitled 'An act
to define the pay and emoluments of certain officers
of tho Army,' approved July 17,1862, and a resolu-
tion entitled 'A resolution to authorize the Piesi-
dentto assign the command of troops in the same
field or department to officors of the same grade
without regard to seniority,' improved April 4,18G2,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed. A nd no officer
in tho military or naval service shall, in time of
' peace, be dismissed from the service except upon
and m pursuance ot the sentence of a court—martial
to that effect, or in commutation thereof."
Can any man on this floor or off it, here or
elsewhere, tell where you find in the Constitu-
tion the power which authorizes the President
of the United States to remove a civil officer,
and yet deprives him of the right to remove a
military or a naval officer ? Is not the power
of removal one and the same thing, whether
applied to military or to civil officers? If he
have under the Constitution the power to
remove a postmaster, has he not the power to
remove a brigadier generator a major general ?
If the President of the United States to-day
can, under the Constitution, remove a post-
master from the humblest post office m the
country, could not the recent President of the
United States have struck off from the rolls of
the Army, while he held your commission as a
General, the present Executive ? The power
is the same. No lawyer will attempt to point,
out. a difference.
Mr. DAVIS. I will point out a difference
if the honorable Senator will permit me.
Mr. HOWE. I was mistaken. I was not
aware that my frieud, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, was present or I should not have made
my challenge quite so broad. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Discretion would have been
the better part of valor.
Mr. HOWE. Always, when the Senator is
present.
Mr. DAVIS. Here it is; the Constitution,
speaking of the powers of Congress, gives Con-
gress power—
" To raise and support armies."
"To provide and maintain a Navy."
"To make rules for the government and regula-
tion of the land and naval forces."
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator to
say that that makes a distinction between the -
power of the President to remove a military
officer and his power to remove a civil officer,
Mr. DAVIS. It gives to Congress the whole
subject of making regulations of every descrip-
tion for the Army.
Mr. HOWE. It is very true that does clothe
Congress with power to make rules and regu-
lations for the government of the Army. Does
the Senator from Kentucky mean to be under-
stood that Congress has not power to make
rules and regulations for the government of
the civil service? Does it not do it? There
is not an office in the civil service that is not
created by Congress, with very lew exceptions
enumerated m this article.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that question;
if the honorable Senator will permit me.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The uower to create offices is
a legislative power. The Congress may make
any regulation in relation to civil concernsand
civil officers that is not incompatible with the
Constitution.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know how the Sen-
ator has answered anything that I asserted. J
know that this power to create offices is a legis-
lative power. I had supposed that,.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, Mr. President, does the
honorable Senator claim that the power to
remove from office is a legislative power?
Mr. HOWE. How legislative ? Legislative
in its nature or in the enumeration of the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. DAVIS. In its nature, in its exercise.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, in its
exercise it is a legislative power, because that
power which can create the office can of course
fix the tenure by which the office shall be held.
There is no question about that. Tfiat was
Mr. Madison's theory, and thatis the true theory,
else I should like to know where we had the
authority to fix the term of the Comptroller of
the Currency for five years.
Sir, I did not mean to occupy the attention
of the Senate a great while. 1 cannot afford
to go through the whole catechism with my
friend from Kentucky, though there is no man
I like better to be catechised by than he when
the time suffices. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I say 1 read you these two
statutes on the books. To neither of these two
statutes did T hear of a word of dissent from
any man on this floor or in the other House,
whether he was Republican or Democrat. I
have another thing to say, and that is that there
is not a man, in my judgment—nay, not more
than one—in either House, who to-day dares to
repeal, or propose to repeal, the statute which
I have last read. I say if the Constitution con
fers upon the President the power to remove
from office, it confers upon him the power to
remove from all offices, and here is a statute
upon our books which plainly and unequivo-
cally denies to him the exercise of that author-
ity, and I say it was put there, so far as I know,
without a word of dissent from any man of any
party here, and I do not believe there is a man
of any partyhere to-day who dares to move the
'^conclude, Mr. President, from these few
