1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381-
trine. Nevertheless, as uttered by the Senator
from Ohio, I dissent from it. If he who now
occupies the presidential office were a private
citizen I have that opinion of his judgment and
of his candor that I would, in my legislative
office, consult with him as freely in reference
to any subject of legislation which he had had
au opportunity to consider as with any citizen
I know of. So that I should not assume to
act m utter disregard of his opinion even if
he were a private citizen; but he'is n„ot. He
is the first magistrate of the nation ; he is the
President of the United States. Beyond <e,U
question he has a higher interest in the char-
acter of the Government during his incum-
bency of that office and in the success of the
Government than any other single individual ;
and in that point of view I know of 110 man
with whom I should so much feel it my duty
to consult touching a matter of pure legisla-
tion as with the President himself. I have
considered all that has been said of his wishes
and of his views. I would conform to them
if he would present them so as to secure the
approval of my judgment. The question is not
whether we may or may not consult with the
President of the United States upon a subject
of legislation. The question is whether, when
the President's views of the public interest
differ from our own, we should act upon our
own views or act upon his. Manifestly upon
our own. Our judgments individually must
guide our individual conduct. If we defer our
opinions to the opinions of the President, then
the President becomes the Legislature, and we
have surrendered the high trust reposed in us
by the Constitution as unworthily, not to say
as basely, as the President would act if he
were to cede his powers to us and we were to
undertake to exercise them.
But it is said that the House demands this
repeal: the popular branch of the national
Legislature demands of us the repeal of the act
of March 2, 1867. I think that is a mistake.
I have heard of no such demand. TheHouse,
in the exercise of its constitutional preroga-
tives. passed a bill purporting to repeal the law
of Marcli 2, 1867. That is not a demand ;
and if it were would the fact of such a demand
be a reason why any Senator should acquiesce
in it? Was the Senate designed by the Con-
stitution as a mere secretary or board of sec-
retaries for the House ? Do we sit here to
register the decrees of the House of Repre-
sentatives, or do we sit here commissioned to
consider their propositions; to approve them
if our judgments so dictate; to amend them
if we can think of an amendment which will
make them hetter ; to reject them if we think
they ought not to pass and that they cannot be
amended? Clearly the last is our office. We
are a coordinate department of the legislative
tribunal. We make no demands upon the
other House; and I trust we are not here to
receive any, or at least to acquiesce in any.
This whole pretense that a demand is made
upon the Senate from either of these quarters
is an entire mistake.
But I have heard it said that the people
demand the repeal of the tenure-of-office law.
I have not heard it from the people, except
from that patriotic portion of them who are
now dwelling at Willards' and the other hotels
in this city. I am told that among them there
is a desire that this law should be repealed.
But I happen to know that that desire is not
universal among them. How general it is I do
not know; but I do not believe that should
you canvass that portion of our people to-day
you would get a majority of them demanding
the repeal of the act of March 2, 1867.
But it has been said in the course of this
debate that the hostility of the Senate to repeal
the act of March 2, 18G7, was an evidence of
the distrust of the Senate toward the President
himself. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] did not assert so much as that the other
dav ; but he said it would be universally con-
strued in that light. Well, sir, if it be univer-
sally so construed, that construction must be
put upon it by the Senator from Indiana him-
self, for he is a part of the universe. I appeal
to the sense of justice which animates the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will allow
me, I was speaking of the proposition to sus-
pend the law for eight months and a half. I
said that that proposition to suspend the law
for a few months would be construed by the
country, as I believed, as putting the President
upon trial, waiting to see what he would do
during thafctime, and if he did not actto please
the Senate-"then the law should descend upon
him again. That is what 1 was speaking of;
and I think I was right.
Mr. HOWE. I had forgotten whether the
Senator was speaking of that proposition or
the one of which I am now speaking, the prop-
osition to repeal.
Mr. MORTON. That proposition.
Mr. HOWE. But speaking upon either prop-
osition I think the Senator was not authorised
to make any such declaration. I doubt whether
the Senator from Indiana, or any other Senator
on this floor, has been commissioned from on
high or from below officially and authorita-
tively to declare what my motives are. I am
under the impression that I comprehend my
own motives as well, and a little better—it is
the only subject probably that I do compre-
hend better—than the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. My friend does not intend,
I am sure, to do me injustice. I did not under-
take to pass upon his motives or the motives
of any Senator upon this floor ; I express'y
disclaimed that; but I spoke of the inference
that would be drawn, as I thought, by the
country. It was in my opinion that that con-
struction would be put upon it. Had I nol a
right to express an opinion of that kind, as to
what would be the effect in the public mmd of
such a measure, without presuming to assail
any Senator? The Senator has given his opin-
ion upon various questions, and he has a right
to do it, and nobody has a right to complain ;
but he certainly has no right to complain when
I express that opinion.
Mr. IIOWE. I am not complaining of any
of the Senator'sopinions any further than they
relate to my own motives of action. The dec-
laration was that the acceptance of that prop-
osition, whatever it was. then pending, would
be universally construed into an expression of
distrust of the President; and I said it was
equivalent to a declaration that the Senator
would so construe it, he being a part of the
universe. I was trying to call his attention, as
a just man, believing him to be such, to the
danger of making these charges against the
personal motives of others since it is impos-
sible to disprove the charges, and therefore
impossible to prove them.
Mr. President, in support of that allegation
it has been over and over said that the act of
March 2, 1807, was invented only for the pur-
pose of tying the hands and fettering the con-
duct of a bad President then in office. Over
and over again that has been denied in point
of fact. 1 read in one of the morning papers
the reiteration of that very allegation this
morning. Sir, I know why I voted for the act
of March 2, 1867, better than the Chronicle
does, as well as any Senator upon this floor ;
and I stated then that I did not vote for it
simply as a measure for fettering the then
President of the United States. I voted for it
then, and stand by it now, because it does
something to secure to the civil_ service that
independence in office which I believe the Con-
stitution designed to secure to the persons
engaged in that service. Sir, we must be
allowed to interpret our own reasons whenever
they are -called in question, unless they have
been avowed before, as my reasons for sup-
porting the act of.March 2, 1S67, were declared
at the time ; and I. think it will be found, on
referring to the record of that debate, that a
great many Senators agreed with me. I thought
it was a true rule of law which should guide all
administrations alike.
Another idea, which is hurled about rather
flippantly, if not impertinently, of late is, that
the Senate objects to the repeal of the act "of
March 2, 1867, because of its lust and greed
of power.. Who has authority to say that?
What scintilla of reason can be assigned oa
which to base that argument? Now, does a
refusal to repeal the act of March 2, 1867,
magnify our powers? To be sure, while we
continue that act upon the statute-book the
President cannot remove an officer without
the assent of the Senate. Suppose you allow
him to remove an officer without the assent of
the Senate ; you have got to amend the Con-
stitution before you can enable him to put a
man into office without the assent of the Sen-
ate. Suppose the House were to send us a
proposition to confer upon the President the
power to appoint men at his pleasure with-
out the assent of the Senate, are we bound to
agree to that act at the cost of being accused
of greed of power if we refuse to assent to it ?
Mr. President, I have before said, and I do
not care to reiterate the statement, that my
own views on this subject have been guided by
no distrust of the President whatever. I have
been profoundly sorry to find here or else-
where a disposition to inculcate that idea in
the President, or any idea kindred to it. But
since it lias been so often asserted here and
elsewhere I havebeen entirely willingtoagree
with my friends in the Senate and in the
House to almost any modification of the act
of March 2, 1867. I was willing to agree to
suspend it duriug one year, during two years,
during three years, during four years. I would
rather suspend it duriug ten years ; I would
rather suspend it during fifty years than to
agree to its absolute repeal; and why ? I
have said before, and every Senator on this
floor knows, that if you once strike that act
off the book you never can put it back on the
statute-book until you find another state of
things precisely like that which we have expe-
rienced for the last four years—a President so
notoriously at war with the peoplo of the United
States that you could maintain more than two
thirds of both Houses of Congress in opposi-
tion to him. I do not think you are ever likely
to see another such time ; and God forbid that
we should. I do not want to see another such
time. You never can put that statute back on
the book, I say again, by legislation. You
never will ask to have it done when the White
House is occupied by a good man ; and when
it is occupied by a bad man you cannot get his.
consent to do it. But if instead of repealing
it we simply suspend it, whether it be during
the life of this Administration or during the
life of ten Administrations, there will come a
period of time when the law will spring into
force again. Suspend it during the lifo of three
Administration!:-, and, although the spirit of
divination is not with me, I venture to tell the
Senate that within the three next Administra-
tions you will see a man in the White House
who will make the people of the United States
wish this statute was back on the book. Sus-
pend it, and it will go there of itself at some
time. Repeal it, and it will never go there at
any time.
But why should the Senate participate with
the President in this power of removal? Can-
not the Senate be bad as well as the President ?
Unquestionably. Unquestionably we may have
a majority of a Senate here actuated by unpa-
triotic, or, if you please, corrupt purposes.
Whether it is as likely that they should be found
here as to be found in the White House I will
not stop to consider. Neither this power of
appointment nor this power of removal was del-
egated to the President and Senate together
upon any theory that the Senate was likely to
be composed of better men than you find in
the White House. The men who made this
Constitution did not know, I suppose, to an
absolute certainty but that at this date my hon-
orable friend from Indiana would himself be
found in the White House instead of m the Sen-
ate ; and they did not know but that lie who
now occupies the White House would be found
in the Senate instead of there. It was not so
ordained because of any idea that a better kind
