v ■ -.
3B2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2*9,
of men would get into one place than got into
the other.
Bat, sir, suppose you have a bad Senate and
an houesi President; what good will this power
of removal in the hands of the President do
the country ? He would undoubtedly want to
remove from the civil service every bad officer
he found there ; and if you had a bad Senate
they would perhaps refuse bim permission to
do it. But what good would it do to the coun-
try to remove a bad man from office with a bad
Senate in existence? Removing him from
office creates only the necessity for filling the
office. The office cannot be filled, you know,
everybody kuows, but by the assent of that
bad Senate; and that very corrupt and iniqui-
tous disposition which would induce the Sen-
ate to refuse its assent to the removal of a bad
officer would induce it to refuse its assent to
the appointment of a good officer; so that in
that contingency this absolute power of re-
moval in the hands of the President would
only enable him to change one bad officer for
another.
But as I concede it is possible that you may
hav.e a bad Senate and a good President, you
must concede, sir, that it is possible at times—
you will concede it in view of our recent
experience—that we may have a bad President,
and if not a good Senate, at least a Senate a
good deal better than the President. Suppose
that is the ease, what is the practical effect of
this power of removal in the hands of the
President? No matter how pure and incorrupt-
ible an officer may be, that of itself is a reason
for removing him, and the Senate cannot help
itself. We sat here, Mr. President—no, we
did not sit here and see officers removed, but
we adjourned and left this power of removal
upon the statute-book, and we saw the late
President take it up and strike from office some
of the best men who ever held office in this
country. We allowed it to be done. It was
done under the authority of those laws which
the act ol March 2, 1867, repealed. What
then? The Senate cannot appoint anybody.
The Senate was powerless to fill those offices.
The initiative step to fill them must come from
tbe President. He would send us such men
as he pleased, and we had the alternative before
us of filling them with such men as he sent us
or allowing the offices to go unfilled, and we
know to-day that being compelled to choose
between those two alternatives we did accept
and seal with our approval a great many men,
and putihem into the public service, whom we
never would have dreamed of placing there if
we had been in harmony with the President
and the President had been as patriotic as all
Presidents ought to be. So that this power
of removal in the hands of a bad President is
a power by which he can force into the public
service bad men in place of good men. Find-
ing good men in office he can take them out,
and he can compel the Senate, no matter how
patriotic it may be, to accept improper men
or leave the public service to go unfilled. It
is a dangerous power in the hands of a bad
President; but this power of cooperating in
removals, which is conferred upon the Senate
by the Constitution, is not a dangerous power,
even if-the Senate be an un Patriotic or a cor-
rupt one.
Sir, I will not occupy the attention of the
Senate longer. My convictions upon this
whole subject, I tkink it is manifest to the
Senate, are quite strong. They are likely to
be permanent. I must be guided by them. I
will agree, as I said, to any reasonable modi-
fication of the act of March 2, 1867. I will
agree to its suspension for a term of years. I
cannot agree to its repeal. I cannot agree to
such a modification of it as the Senate agreed
to the other day. But I will make no more
factious opposition to either. Very reluctant
-as I am now and always to disagree with my
friends here in the Senate or in the other
House, reluctant as I am now and always to
disagree with the people of the United States,
yet on this one subject I must be allowed to
disagree with them. If you see fit to put this
modification upon the books which is now pro-
posed by the Senate, or that repeal which is
insisted upon by the House, I must be allowed to
dissent from both, and I will wait for my vin-
dication until the present occupantof the office
shall retire from it, and until, in the course of
years hereafter, you may see the White House
once more occupied by a man like unto him
who has recently retired from it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion cf the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] that the Senate recede from its
amendment to the bill of the House.
Mr. THURMAN. On that question I desire
the yeas and nays.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not occupy any
time on this subject. I merely wish to say, in
explanation of my own vote, that I coincided
with the majority of the Senate in the proposed
modification of this law, and I feel myself
bound by that understanding. I shall there-
fore vote to try to secure a modification of the
law by referring the subject to a committee of
conference, although on the question consid-
ered independently I would rather have had
the law repealed. It has been discussed for
several days. I have not said a word on the
subject myself, and do not intend to do so ; but
the friends with whom I have acted have agreed
to modify the law in certain particulars, and I
shall sustain their action with a view of having
it modified. But if this committee of confer-
ence shall exercise the powers that some com-
mittees of conference have attempted to exer-
cise it will be impossible for us to tell what
we may have brought before us.
We have been in the habit in the Senate of
giving committees of conference original juris-
diction, so that they may bring in something
that has never been before either House. If
I thought we were to have such a result on the
present occasion I should certainly vote to
recede and end the matter. But trusting that
we shall return to the old usage in the Senate,
and that the committee of conference will not
consider any proposition which has never been
agreed upon by either House, but only that
which has been agreed upon by the one or the
other House, and confine themselves strictly to
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, I
shall vote to send the bill to a committee of
conference. If I thought the committee would
take into view this whole subject and introduce
a new bill, or something that we had never had
before us, I should oppose the motion. When
I learn that that is to be the effect of the
appointment of a committee of conference I
shall never vote for another.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I desire
simply to state that I was not able to vote
with the majority of our friends for this bill
as it passed the Senate. Believing as I do
that there are some objectionable features in
the law as it now stands I was in favor of the
repeal of the law, or, what was equivalent to
it, a modification of it to that extent that it
would merely require the President to send
the names of those persons whom he had ap-
pointed during the recess of Congress to the
Senate within ten days after the assembling of
the Senate, and that a person rejected during
a session of the Senate should not be nominated
again during the ensuing reeess. Hoping that
the committee of conference may be able to
approach something nearer than the present
bill does to that position, which I believe to be
better than any other, I shall vote for referring
it to a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the pend-
ing question the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thcrman] demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to detain the Sen-
ate but one moment on this subject before the
vote is taken. To my mind the question of the
constitutionality of this law is not really before
us. The Senate of the United States did not
get this powerto control removals under a pro-
vision of the Constitution. Wehave it by law.
We have it by an act of the two Houses. If
the Senate had desired to assert its power to
control removals, then, in the case of a removal,
it ought to., have passed a resolution dissenting
or refusing to advise and consent to the re-
moval, and then the officer might have carried
the question into the courts, and the case might
have been decided. This power practically is
given to the Senate by act of Congress. We
do not derive it directly from the Constitution,
or at least assert it under the Constitution ; but
we have it by virtue of an act of the two Houses
of Congress. We have it by the assent and the
concurrence of the other branch of Congress.
Now that other branch of Congress comes and
asks that we shall surrender up that power thus
given to us. That is the practical question.
For seventy-five years this authority to con-
trol removals was never asserted by the Senate
It was not until the almost infinite maladmin-
istration of Andrew Johnson, coupled with tbe
exigencies of a party which was called upon
to keep its political friends in office, that there
was found a vote sufficient to confer by act of
Congress this power upon the Senate of the
United States. While Senators may have ar-
gued that the law was right and just as a gen-
eral measure, and while they doubtless thus
believed, yet the whole country then believed
and always have believed that itwf.s prompted
and made possible only by the maladminis-
tration and the perfidy of Andrew Johnson to
his party friends. If Andrew Johnson had
made no attempt to turn out Republicans from
office, and if the Senate of the United States
had felt no pressure upon them to protect their
political friends, thistenure-of-office law never
could have gone upon the statute-books. In my
judgment the necessity which caused its pas-
sage has now passed away, and the time strikes
me as auspicious to remove these trammels
from the Executive. There never has been a
period in the history of this Government for
the past thirty years when there were men at
the head of affairs in every branch of this Gov-
ernment in whom the people of this country
and the people of the world felt such confidence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to know, if this
principle was brought into existence by the
maladministration  f Andrew Johnson, upon
what principle it was that Congress enacted,
during the administration of Abraham Lincoln,
that the Comptroller of the Currency should
not he removed without the consent of the
Senate?
Mr. WARNER. I do not see the pertinence
of that question to this discussion. I say that
the occasion of the passage of this law was the
maladministration of Andrew Johnson, coupled
with his perfidy to his party. I say that for
seventy-five years in the administration of this
Government this law never could have been
passed; and I say that the necessity for it has
passed away.
As the Senator from Oregon alludes to the
principle of this law, let me say here that if the
principle of the law be a wise one it is a good
one for all Presidents. When Senators on the
other side concede their willingness to suspend
this law they concede the whole logic of their
position. I am not ready to stand here and
assert a principle which shall apply to one
President and not to another, which shall be
understood as applying to a Republican Presi-
dent and not to a Democratic President. I take
it that if the idea of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin were rendered into plain English when he
says he will vote to suspend this law for one
year, for two years, for three years, and for
four years, it would mean that he would sus-
•pend if for four years and for eight years if he
were sure that a Republican President would
be elected four years hence ; and so it will be
understood. I say we cannot stand here as
legislators and defend our position before the
country upon this principle unless we apply it
alike to all Presidents and all administrations.
The principle is either wise or unwise. If it is
wise, it is as justly applieabl e to President Grant
as itwill.be to any future President. I propose
