388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
old age to retire with his commission and be
entitled by the will of a grateful people to his full
salary during his life.
In this way we will be able to secure for the
• people, from time to time as the emergency
may arise, a Supreme Court capable physically
as well as mentally of meeting the requirements
of the Constitution "and discharging all the
trusts reposed by the Constitution in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and also in
the inferior courts created by your laws. The
House will please consider that the demand
made by the Senate for nine additional circuit
judges, one for each circuit of the United
States, is an acknowledgment of the wants of
the American people. It is a declaration that
the courts as now organized are not adequate
to the public wants, and that to refuse to reform
the judiciary will be simply a denial of justice.
It is utterly impossible for the courts as now
organized to meet the requirements of the coun-
try, to do justice between the several citizens
of the country in matters cognizable, and alone
cognizable, if you please, in the courts of the
United States.
I have nothing further to say at present. I
yield to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] for an inquiry.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the features
of this bill, as presented by the gentleman front
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] strikemevery favorably;
but I desire to call his attention to one provis-
ion of the first section, that I may suggest to
him a point which appears to me of some con-
sequence. The clause to which I refer provides
that—
The circuit courts in each circuit shall be held by
the justice of the Supreme Court allotted to the cir-
cuit court, or by the circuit judge of the circuit, or
by the district judge of the district sitting alone.
I suggest that this feature allowing the dis-
trict judge alone to hold the circuit court be
struck out. I am told that _this provision is
the law now. There is certainly a necessity in
some instances for such a provision^ under the
present law, because it is physically impossible
ibr the judges of the Supreme Court to hold
the circuit courts in all the circuits. But this
bill proposes to relieve this difficulty by author-
izing the appointment of nine circuit judges;
and if this bill be passed the necessity which
has heretofore existed that the district judge
should hold the circuit court would exist no
longer. We all of us, I doubt not, have seen
too many inconveniences resulting from such
a practice to continue it any longer than may
be absolutely necessary.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes.]
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] will
reflect further upon this subject, he will see that
the provision to which he refers is just as ne-
cessary under the system proposed in this bill
as under the existing system. The circuit
courts of the United States, having equity
jurisdiction, are open all the time. Now,
taking, for instance, the eighth circuit, reach-
ing from Georgia to Texas, there are seasons
when the justice of the Supreme Court must
be in Washington attending a term of the
Supreme Court when the judge of the^ circuit
court would be in Texas holding circuit court
there with one of the district judges_ of that
State; and at such a time the district judge of
Georgia must hold circuit court sitting alone,
to make all necessary orders in equity. It is
impossible for the circuit judge to perform all
the circuit duty, because he cannot be in each
district of the circuit at the same time or at
any such convenient seasons as will meet the
wants of the business of the respective dis-
tricts.
I will say further, with the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, that I think the amend-
ment proposed by the Judiciary Committee
meets the difficulty which has been so widely
recognized, by providing for superannuated
judges. I hope it will be adopted, and the
bill become a law.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say, in reply to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Maynakd,] that the particular pas-
sage to which he refers, although he finds it
interlined in the amendment, is precisely the
language of the bill as it came from the Senate.
In other words, we have the judgment of the
Senate as wellasthe judgmentof the Judiciary
Committee of the House concurring as to that
point.
I yield to my colleague from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,]
if I correctly understood the reading of it,
contemplates one contingency in which a judge
may be retired without his consent. I wish to
inquire of my colleague whether the Committee
ou the Judiciary has considered the question
whether we have the power under the Consti-
tution of the United States to retire a judge
from service without his consent and to strip
him of the judicial character with which he is
clothed by the Constitution ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if my col-
league can suggest any clearer language in
which to express the provision of the amend-
ment I shall be glad to hear it. My colleague
mistakes and totally misconceives the provis-
ion of the amendment reported by me on be-
half of the Judiciary Committee. It does not
provide for the retirement, by reason of inca-
pacity, of any judge from the office, but simply
for the filing of evidence which shall show that
he is incapablo of continuing an acting judge
and for appointing another to act in the court,
the disabled judge remaining in his office but
retired from active service. There is nothing
in that contravening the Constitution, for the
reason that the Constitution itself provides that
the judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court and such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish. The first section of this
amendment covers the gentleman's question
fully, for it provides that the Supreme C9UH
shall consist of one Chief Justice and eight
acting judges, acting with the Chief Justice ior
the transaction of business, and also of such
other judges as may have been retired. The
last section of the amendment, to which the
gentleman especially refers, provides merely
for the appointment of additional judges in
case of voluntary retirement by reason of age
or of incompetency duly certified, so that the
business of the court may go 011. The judge
disabled by disease, incapable of making a
certificate of his own age, incapable of appear-
ing in court, or of rendering any service what-
ever, remains, by the very words of the first
section of the bill, a part of the court. I ask
where is the constitutional objection to this
provision? It is certainly competent to pro-
vide by law how many of the judges of the
Supreme Court bearing commission and act-
ing together shall constitute a quorum to do
business.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to call my col-
league's attention to a provision in the third
article of the Constitution, section one, whereby
the judges of the Supreme Court and inferior
courts shall hold their offices during good be-
havior. Now, under thts bill it is proposed
to retire the judges without their own consent,
to say that they shall hold their offices, but
that they shall not discharge the duties of the
office.
Mr. BIN GHAM. There is not such a word
in the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I submit the inquiry
whether it is competent to say that a judge
who holds his office shall not be permitted to
discharge the duties of his office.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has totally
misconceived the amendment, lhe express
words of it exclude his conclusions as clearly
as words can be made to exclude any conclu-
sions. I say again that the first section of the
amendment declares that the Supreme Court
shall consistof nineacting judges, including the
Chief Justice, and such additional judges of the
Supreme Court as may be retired under the
provisions of the act; that the amendment
leaves them to retire on their own motion, and
that the other sections to which the gentleman
refers does not cut them off from the court,
does not say that they shall not exercise their
functions. It does not say that any of the
judges shall not exercise their functions, but
simply provides that we may have a justice to
act in the place of one who bears his life com-
mission, but who by his own voluntary act
retires from actual service at the age of seventy
years, or who by reason of infirmity is neither
able to make report to the court of his age nor
to discharge any of the duties of the court. Is
the gentleman to stand here and tell us that if
a quorum of the judges as constituted by law
be disabled by permanent disease from finding
their way to the bench the Congress of the
United States cannot provide by law for sup-
plying their places and allowing them to retire
or be excused from duty as members of the
court, but to be entitled to their compensation
as judges and retain their commissions? I now
yield to the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment, as an additional sec-
tion :
S13C.—And be it further enacted. That 110 judge of
the Supremo Court shall sit in the Supreme Court
upon the hearing of any appeal or writ of error from
any decree or judgment of a circuit court in which
said judge participated as circuit judge.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will allow it to be offered.
I cannot, of course, accept it.
Mr. POLAND. I am in favor of this meas-
ure. Indeed, 1 introduced a bill which was
passed during the Fortieth Congress, a copy of
which was used as an original bill, and on my
motion was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and so far as I understand the pro-
visions of this substitute going beyond the ori-
ginal bill which has been reported from the
committee I am in favor of those provisions.
But I desire to say a word in reference to this
amendment that I have proposed. I think the
principle of it will commend itself to the judg-
ment of every member of the House. When a
man is dissatisfied with a decree or judgment
that has been rendered against him by a court
and wishes to take his case to a higher tribunal
for the purpose of reexamination he wants an
independent court, one which is not in some
measure trammeled by the decision that -has
already been made against him. We should
all understand the entire futility of allowing a
man to appeal from a judgment to the same
judge who forms one of the court above. And
what makes this particularly necessarv and
applicable to the Supreme Court of the United
States is this fact: by the settled law of that
court, if they are divided in a case before them,
the judgment of the court below is affirmed.
Now, I happen to know a party who had a
case appealed from in this very term of the
court now in progress, in which four of the
seven judges who had not judged the case were
for reversing the judgment, but the judgment
of the judge who decided the case below was
counted against the party as a member of the
court, and that making an equal division the
judgment below was affirmed. Now, I think
every member of this House will concur with
me in saying that that is a wrong, an absurdity
on the face of it. It is not giving a party tha.
impartial hearing that lie is entitled to when
he goes into a higher tribunal. Now, I am
aware that it may be said that men who are fit
to be judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States aic fit to set and revise their own judg-
ments. It has been my fortune to know avcry
considerable number of judges in my lifetime,
and I have never yet found that honest judges,
%visc judges, learned judges, were any more free
from prejudice and preconceived ideas than
other men. When a judge has once tried a
cause and rendered his judgment upon it and it
comes before him for reexamination in a higher
tribunal, he searches the law as theologians who
have an adopted creed search the Scriptures.
They search for passagesto sustain their creed,
and the judge ordinarily searches the law to find
authorities that shall sustain his owa previous
