1869-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3B9
opinion in the case. In most of the States the
nisi prius terms—the jury terms—are presided
over by a judge who is not a member of the
supreme court, and who cannot sit on the case
if it goes up on error or on appeal.
In some of the smaller States, as in my own,
the judges of the supreme court are chief jus-
tices of the county courts and preside at nisi
prius and jury terms; but in Vermont, where I
think we have as competent and learned and
as honest judges as they have anywhere, we
found it necessary to enact by law that the
judge who tried a case at the jury term should
not be a member of the court in banc to sit
upon it in error or upon appeal from his own
decision ; and it is just as necessary in the Su-
preme Court of the United States as it is any-
where else to get rid of the prejudgment of the
judge. I hope this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield now to the gentle-
men from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, when the
bill from the Senate came over to the House
I examined it, and it seemed to be a reasonable
proposition, one that we might well pass. The
only objection that [ saw to it was that it re-
quired six of the nine judges to constitute a
quorum. I would prefer that the number should
be fixed at five, because five is a majority of
the whole number, and the common law and
natural quorum is a majority always in all
deliberative bodies. I think we woulddo well
to strike out from the bill " six" and insert'
" five," but that is a matter of small import-
ance. When the proposition of the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee [Mr.
Bingham] was submitted as an amendment to
the Senate bill it seemed to me that there were
valid objections to many of its provisions, some
of which have been already referred to.
Mr. Speaker, it is true, I suppose, in regard
to legislation about the judiciary, as perhaps
in regard to all other legislation, that we can
have no surer guide than our own experience.
When gentlemen undertake to theorizt apart
from and iti opposition to our expedience I
always distrust such arguments. Tke gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has conceived
of a case of a judge disabled by ag* or disease
or providential calamity from pe-t'orming his
functions on the bench, and arg.ies that it is
necessary for Congiess to makf an extraordi-
nary provision—one which is a' entire novelty
in American legislation—a system of gently
forcing a judge out of an offce which he holds
under the Constitution of the United States
during good behavior ; a legislative system for
letting him down; contbuing his salary, con-
tinuing him as a judge, out discontinuing him
for active service upoi the bench. I say the
gentleman has conceded a case which would
justify such legislate t>i but I ask you whether
in the history of thS country any such case has
occurred? Namr it- When, wnere has the
evil occurred wh^'h calls for this extraordinary
provision? I iayo heard of no such case.
The men whojave succeeded to the Supreme
bench of tb- United States have generally
been, as the ought always to be, men advanced
in life, injure men, men who have passed
through pi the other grades of the profession ;
but, sir. which one of them has been in acon-
dition m which the country could fairly call
nponiiim to retire upon a pensionThe hon-
orable chairman has alluded to a prominent
member of the Supreme Court who is obliged
t  be brought into court with the aid of a ser-
j rant, but let me tell you that there is not upon
I that 'bench to-day a man of clearer and sounder
'mind than that same judge.
Mr. BINGHAM. I quite concur in that.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman only
alleges that he is lame, and is obliged to come
into court leaning on a servant. Suppose he
leaned on a crutch, would that be a reason for
our legislating him out of office when his mind
is in as good condition as it ever was, and lie
is as competent to pass on any question as he
ever was? What concern is it to us or to the
nation whether lie gets into court on his own
two natural legs, or leaning upon the shoulder
of a servant, or upon a crutch, so that he gets
there and performs the functions of a judge
when he is there ? Are we called upon to legis-
late with reference to such a ease? I protest
against legislating upon such reasons.
Mr. JENCKES. How does this bill reach
such a case as the gentleman has been describ-
ing?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know that it
does reach any such case.
Mr. JENCKES. There is no such case pro-
vided for by the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. I was discussing the
example which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] cited in justification of the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman's argument
has 110 application to this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg to state to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
that this bill does not retire the judge against
his will, but it authorizes him to retire. He
may be as clear minded as ever, but from
physical infirmity he may not be able to serve
upon the bench. It is known to many that it
was only because of his poverty that the late
venerable Chief Justice did not retire from the
bench for years before he was borne to the
grave at the age of eighty-seven.
Mr. WOOD WARD. Chief Justices Marshall,
and Taney and Chancellor Kent, and other
distinguished men whose names I might men-
tion, lived to bo very old men while upon the
bench, and the public was none the worse for
their remaining upon the bench until they had
grown old. There was no occasion for them
to retire. Chancellor Kent was displaced by
a similar provision as to age while he was in
the full enjoyment of his mature intellect.
I deny that this nation has had any experi-
ence, past or present, to justify any such legis-
lation as the gentleman proposes. I say that
we cannot be wiser than the age in which we
live. We will do well to consult our own ex-
perience, and if we do we will see that the old
men who have occupied judicial positions have
fulfilled their duties to the satisfaction of the
country.
Now, one word in regard to the amendment
of my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
I sincerely hope that amendment will not be
adopted. It proposes that the judge who sat
in the court below shall take no part in the
court of error in the review of any case decided
by him in the court below. I will not set my
experience and observation against that of my
friend from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND, i hope the gentleman will
give us the benefit of his experience.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have no desire to do
so. But I feel compelled to say that I have
had some experience on this subject. When
you consider that the court of error, the court
of last resort, is engaged in passing upon im-
portant and complicated cases, often involving
a vast amount of the local history and legisla-
tion of the country, I think it will occur to the
mind of any gentleman that it is of the greatest
advantage to that court to have the assistance
of a disinterested, candid, and intelligent judge,
who has gone over the ease and made himself
familiar with all its details. Let the best man
in this House sit down and take what we call
■ in Pennsylvania the paper-book—here, I be-
lieve, they call it the brief—of any important
I case, with a view to make himself familiar with
| it. I have seen paper-books of twelve hun-
i dred, fifteen hundred, and even two thousand
| pages of closely printed matter thrown in
upon a court that never before even heard the
names of the parties in the case, and who knew
nothing about the facts out of which the case
arose. These paper-books are presented, and
statements are made on the one side and on
the other, until the mind is quite perplexed.
But on that bench sits a man who spent, per-
haps, weeks on that very case: who has learned
it by heart, who knows all about ii. To be
sure, he has pronounced his judgment thus and
so upon the case. But he knows it thoroughly,
and can guide his brethren upon the bench to
a comprehension of it in one tenth part of the
time that the court would require to possess
themselves of the case by their own unaided
study.
Now, I say that the fact that there is in that
court of error a judge who has become thor-
oughly familiar with the case is a fact of great
value to the court. And when the business of
the court is accumulating as rapidly as is that
of the Supreme Court of the United States it is
of great consequence to give them every legit-
imate facility. We should not diminish their
available force by depriving them of the assist-
ance of the judge who knows most about the
case.
But, says the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] judges are but men after all, and
every man has such a pride of opinion that
having pronounced a judgment in a case he will
seek to have it sustained. Generally speaking
that is true. But I have known some cases in
which the judge who had delivered an opinion
in the court below, when he came to sit in the
court of error and to hear the case reargued
has been the foremost in favor of reversing his
former decision. I could, if necessary, refer
gentlemen to some very remarkable cases in
our books where the judge who tried the case
in the court below insisted in the court above
upon reversing his former decision. I do not
know whether we have the same kind of judges
in Pennsylvania that they have in Vermont.
But in the State of Pennsylvania our judges
aim not so much at a vindication of their nisi
prills decisions as they do to administer the
law correctly and justly. They try to get at the
justice which is due between man and man ;
and if the judge who sat in the court below
and decided the case in the hurry of nisi prius
business became convinced, either by the argu-
ment of counsel or from his own review of the
case in the appellate tribunal, that he was wrong
in his decision, 1 have yet to see the Pennsyl-
vania judge who in such a case has thrown
himself back upon that pride of opinion of
which the gentleman from Vermont speaks,
and has said substantially, "Although my opin-
ion may have been wrong, yet 1 cannot afford
to have my judgment reversed, and I will sacri-
fice the rights of the parties rather than con-
sent to such a reversal."
Mr. Speaker, I want to throw out another
suggestion for the consideration of the honor-
able chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
[Mr. Bixuhym.] He tells us that the Supreme
Court of the United States and the circuit
courts are overwhelmed with work. I be-
lieve it. I believe there is great delay in the
hearing of cases in consequence of the amount
of labor imposed upon the courts. But, sir,
reflect upon this matter for a moment. We
have a population of thirty-five or forty mil-
lion people, and we are growing as is no
other nation under heaven. Nine judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States are
made the ultimate arbiters of all the judicial
disputes arising among these forty million
people. Why should they not be overworked ?
How can it be otherwise? And, sir, do you
suppose that in the years to come, when our
population shall have gone on increasing, this
court is not to be still more overworked?
Nay, is there not danger that it will be in the
future utterly swamped with the amount of
business ? IIow are nine judges to perform all
the judicial labor of this nation in the future ?
j From the district courts and from the circuit
|j courts writs of error and appeals lie in chancery
■ cases, as in others, to these nine judges.
| Besides, sir, under the legislation of Congress
| the jurisdiction of all these courts is rapidly
! increasing auu extending. We have this ses-
ij siou brought within the juiisdiction of these
| courts many subjects which were uot before
II committed to them. The tendency^ of the
legislative mind of the country is to increase
and extend the jurisdiction of the Federal
I courts, taking awav matters from the eonsider-
,1 ation of the State courts. T confess, almost
■ < with shame and confusion of face, that I have
■j myself been guilty of one act of that sort. I
I' did at the last session of Congress bring for-
