340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
ward a bill for the transfer of a certain class
of oases from the State courts to the Federal
courts, for a reason that seemed to me to be
satisfactory at the time, and it seemed to be so
to the House, for the House passed the bill. I
mention this as showing the tendency of our
time, which is toward the diminution of the
jurisdiction of the State courts and the exten-
sion of the jurisdiction of the Federal courts.
Now, all this increased and increasing juris-
diction of the Federal courts culminates in the
Supreme Court. These nine judges, who are to
address themselves to adjusting all the contro-
versies of such a nation as we are becoming,
ought to be endowed, if it were possible, not
only with all qualities usually possessed by
judges, but with angelic powers.
But, sir, let me suggest that all these attempts
at legislative provision against this increasing
flood of litigation must prove abortive. The
judiciary of the United States cannot with-
stand the increasing jurisdiction which under
our legislation is being conferred upon it. The
tribunal will be broken down by the burdens
we lay upon it. I do not care how young and
bow vigorous the judges may be, they will not
be able in the future to perform those duties.
They cannot perform them now. They cannot
perform them next year or the year after. Sir,
the Judiciary Committee, instead of devising
the amendment which they have presented to
this bill of the Senate, would have been better
employed, in my humble judgment, in devising
measures for reducing the jurisdiction of the
Federal courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state to the
gentleman that that question is being con-
sidered, or will soon be considered, by the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WOODWARD. Well, sir, 1 rejoice to
hear that statement. I accept it as a hopeful
indication of a much needed change. If the
Judiciary Committee would report a bill having
for its object the restriction of the jurisdiction
of the Federal courts I should see in such a
measure more ground for hope than I can see in
the amendment to the Senate bill, and I should
vote for it much more readily. For, sir, I do
not hesitate to declare that unless some meas-
ure be adopted to relieve the Federal judi-
ciary from its accumulated and accumulating
jurisdiction it will be swamped, and we shall
lose the benefit of that most valuable of all
our institutions.
Now, sir, let me say that of the measures
now proposed it seems to me the Senate bill
is decidedly preferable, and that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] is not one which ought, in my opin-
ion. to be adopted. I think either of the prop-
ositions, the amendment of the committee or
that of the gentleman from Vermont, would
be a departure from onf salutary experience
in the conduct of judicial cases and judicial
establishments, and. that the best we can do
is to cling to what we have got and protect
it by passing the Senate bill, instead of the
amendment reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. The bill now before the
House, or the amendment proposed by the
Judiciary Committee by way ofsubstitute, seems
to me to be designed to prevent the evil which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] has last dwelt upon. It will tend to
prevent the courts of the United States from
becoming swamped in their business. It is
for the purpose of putting into these courts
men competent to hear and decide causes
within a reasonable time, so that judges who
from physical infirmity or age are incapable
of hearing causes may be relieved from duty.
It meets, therefore, one of the evils which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has endeavored
to. depict, and instead of opposing the amend-
ment of the committee, it seems to me, for the
very reasons he has given, he ought to vote for
it. We cannot, under the Constitution, com*-
pel the judges to resign when they_ re seventy
years of age and accept a pension. The law
gives them the office for life or during good
behavior. We cannot pass a law excluding
them from the court after a certain age and
allowing them to draw their present salary, or
five times their present salary, if you please.
They are created judges by the Constitution,
and they hold their offices by a title greater
than that which we can create, and their sal-
ary by a firmer tenure than that which any law
can give. If they should resign on condition
of accepting the salary as a pension, then it
would be within the control of Congress and [
might be cutoff in an appropriation bill. But j
as they continue to be judges, holding their j|
offices under the Constitution, their compen- ||
sation cannot be diminished. Therefore they !
are secure, as regards their salaries, until the :
day of their death. This, to my mind, would |
be a sufficient reason for not endeavoring to \
disturb their position, and a sufficient reason |
for them not to allow it to be disturbed.
But upon another point I agree with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. I think the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] is not only unnecessary, but hurtful.
It is true there are some cases in the history of
the Supreme Court where the decisions below
have been affirmed by a divided court, when the
number of the judges was even, and where one
of those whose vote was counted affirming the
decision of the court below was the judge who
rendered that decision below. But such cases
have been comparatively rare, and this bill, ifit
becomes a law, will in two ways tend to prevent
their recurrence hereafter. In the first place, it
makes the number of judges odd, and not even,
so that there can be no affirmance by a divided
court. In the next place, it relieves substantially
these justices of the Supreme Court from circuit
duty, so that the cases they may have decided
in the court below will become less and less in
number, until, when theirtime becomes entirely
occupied in deciding cases upon the Supremo
bench, this class of cases can no longer exist.
Practically, therefore, this amendment is en-
tirely unnecessary.
But the law as it now stands, it seems to me,
is wisely framed, on account of the complex
nature of our system. Here we have judges
of the Supreme Court assigned to different cir-
cuits. In administering the law in these cir-
cuits they are obliged to become acquainted
with the local laws of the States within the cir-
cuits. To be sure, every justice of the Supreme
Court is presumed to know not only all the
laws of the United States, but all the laws of
every State in the Union. But practically it is
impossible that he should be thus acquainted
with every requirement of the statutes of the
several States. Every case that comes up from
a circuit or district court has more or less local
law involved in it. The judge who heard and
determined it in the court below, if he gave the
proper time and care to the hearing of it, would
carry with him, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has well said, a knowledge of the case
which cannot be imparted by a hearing of four
or six hours. Take, for instance, a California
land title. What would the other judges know
about that in comparison with the judge who
held the court in that district? These local
laws are almost innumerable in the New Eng-
land States. What judge from California or
Texas can be supposed to know them ■ And
yet almost every case that comes up from those
distant quarters is more or less embarrassed by
the consideration of these local statutes. It
is for this reason—for the purpose of enlighten-
ing his brethren, for the purpose of having jus-
tice done between the parties—that the judge
who tries the case carries with him to the Su-
preme bench all this knowledge which he can
impart so readily to his brethren.
It is not an unusual thing, as the gentleman
has supposed, for a judge to reverse the decis-
ion he has rendered in the court below. 1 have
known it to take place a number of times. One
of. the earliest cases with "which I was con-
nected was one in which Judge Story was the
first to reverse in the Supreme Court a decis-
ion deliberately rendered by liim in the circuit
court. Therein he imitated a more famous if
not a greater judge, Lord Mansfield, who,
when a case was presented to him on which he
had ruled at nisi prills, and the counsel said
that he had nothing more fo add than to state
the points, because he had an opinion of the
Chief Justice in his favor, interrupted him by
saying that although he thought and believed
his decision at the time he made it was law, yet
lie never was more mistaken in his life. I be-
lieve that that same spirit still rules and con-
trols all judges who undertake to do their duty
conscientiously in administering their high
office. I have never had any fear in present-
ing a case to a justice of the Supreme Court
upon the bench of the Supreme Court of ob-
taining a careful hearing and reconsideration
of his opinion if 1 believed that my position
was right and that he in his original position
was wrong. There are some of these error
cases—perhaps the gentleman from Vermont
has one in his mind; the great case of the
Aspden heirs in Philadelphia is another, and
there are two or three more which occur to my
recollection—in which I think no one can say
that injustice was done, or that entire justice
would have been done, if the rule the gentleman
from Vermont proposes had been adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield now for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Now Hampshire,
[Mr. Bentox.]
Mr. BKNTON. I rise for tho purpose of
saying a word upon the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poi.axd,]
which seems to me to be very necessary for the
perfection of this bill. Notwithstanding tho
objections which have been made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
and the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jenckes,] 1 fail to see why there is not force
in the argument which the gentleman from
Vermont has addressed to the House in favor
of his amendment. It is said by both of the
gentlemen that the judge who tries a case in
the court below may be possessed of inform-
ation which the judges who had no part in tho
trial of course would be lacking and destitute
of, and there'ore it is important that he should
take part in tin consideration of the ease when
it comes up for trial decision. Now, that satis-
fies my mind th t it is objectionable that that
judge should tak&part in tho final considera-
tion of the ease, (/'course tho judges that had
no part in the trial below and are not con-
versant with the fact; would be disposed to
defer unduly to the ojinion and influence of
that judge. That is th> case very often, as I
have noticed in the triil 0f causes in State
courts. For instance, tht judge who has ruled
a question against the pa-ty who takes the
appeal and carries up the ca^ has formed an
opinion, and when the case tomes before the
full bench he enters upon tK  consideration •
of the questions involved in theCase with pre-
conceived opinions, with a judgment formed
and with a determination, if he csn fairly, to
maintain the opinions which lie h.s formed
and expressed. But the courtis incited often
to defer more to the influence and option of
that judge than any other upon the ben-.^, for
the reason that he is supposed from his ki0wl-
edge of the ease to possess peculiar advantages.
Now, eanit not be so arranged that thisjuQre
may give information to the other judges with
out having any vote in the decision of the court,
so that the court may have the advantage of all
the information which can be furnished by the
judge who tried the case in the court below ?
It seems to me so. It is not only important
that the court shall be so constituted as to im-
partially administer justice, but so that there
maybe no reasonable ground of apprehension
that justice is not impartially administered by
the court, without any preconceived opinion or
decision to be sustained or maintained. .
It seems to me that the proposed amendment
of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland J
is of decided importance to the perfection of
this bill. I think if this House wishes to per-
