1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
feet this bill so that we shall have a court such
as the country can look to as free from preju-
dice and partiality we should be willing to adopt
this provision. What objection can there be
to it'! Cannot the court have the advantage
of all the information possessed by the judge
who tried the case in the court below ? Cer-
tainly, as well as though he constituted a por-
tion of the court to rule upon it. When he has
given an opinion upon the case in the court
below, as a matter of course, unless he is some-
thing less than a man, he will certainly seek to
maintain his own decision if he can. I know
thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] says that there have been judges in his
State who have been foremost in overruling
their own decisions. I agree that such may
have been the case in some instances. But
judges are but men after all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, during the very
short time this bill has been before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary we have not had many
opportunities for its examination. It is an
exceedingly important bill, inasmuch as it
makes very material changes in our judicial
system. I think the provisions ought to be
more fully discussed and considered by this
House than they can be to-day. These provis-
ions are such as affect, if they do not endanger,
the most material interests of the country in
connection with our judicial system. And any
changes to be made in that system, either those
proposed by this bill or any others should be
made with very great deliberation and with
the utmost degree of caution, to the end that
hasty legislation upon this grave and important
— subject shall not be indulged in. If there is
one institution in our country which more than
any other should challenge the vigilant and
affectionate solicitude of every citizen for its
integrity and protection, it is our Federal judi-
ciary. In that department, if its absolute
purity and independence be properly main-
tained, is the surest anchorage of our system
of Government against the encroachments of
the other departments. In it is the highest
safety of the citizen against the invasions of
power upoti the rights of property and the lib-
erties of the people. We should look with
distrust upon any proposition materially to
change it.
1 have had better opportunities during the
last several days of making examination of
what is known as the Senate bill upon this
subject, xlnd I have no hesitation in saying
that, with one or two rather unimportant amend-
ments, I think the Senate bill should become
a law. I think it has been very well consid-
ered, that its provisions are clear and admit
of no great doubt as to their meaning, and do
not involve any very great uncertainty as to
their practical working, and they are chiefly
designed to increase somewhat the judicial
force of the country and to relieve the Supreme
Court of some of its too great accumulation of
judicial labor. This is right, and ought to be
done.
Still I would make the same objection to
the Senate bill that my distinguished friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] has made
to the bill of the Judiciary Committee of this
House in the attempt to fix the quorum of the
court. I do not think it is competent for the
legislative department of the Government to
prescribe what shall be a quorum for the high-
est judicial tribunal of the country. \ That quo-
rum, I believe, must of necessity co'nsist of a
majority of the court; that that is the funda-
mental principle established by our Govern-
ment, one which prevails not alone in that
court', but throughout our entire system as the
very first principle to regulate the institutions
of this country.' Still I do not deem that a
very material consideration in connection with
this bill, because practically it seldom hap-
pens that less than six of the judges of that
court participate in the decision of any cause.
I have, however, several objections to the
substitute offered on behalf of the Committee
on the Judiciary. The first objection is that
it undertakes, as a pioneer measure, as an
initial enactment, to introduce into our system
of government the practice of pensioning re-
tired officers. It proposes to pension judges
not only of the Supreme Court, hut of the cir-
cuit and district courts, whether State or ter-
ritorial ; to pension all of them after they shall
have served in a judicial capacity for ten years.
It is the first attempt, so far as I know, to
organize in this country a civil list, a pension
list of retired officers ; and that, too, upon full
pay. I think it is intrinsically a pernicious
and a vicious proposition. I think it is not
in harmony with the principles of our Gov-
ernment, with the principle of representative,
elective, republican government. If you are
to pension judges because they have rendered
long service, because they have grown gray and
venerable in the discharge of judicial duties,
then why not pension all our other officers
who have rendered services for like periods of
time in other departments of the Government,
however exalted or subordinate they may be ?
Go into any of the civil Departments in this
city and you can find there heads of bureaus
and clerks and other officers, who are very val-
uable in their respective positions, getting to-
day most inadequate compensation, some not
over $1,200 a year, who have rendered the
Government faithful service for thirty years at
precisely the same wages. They are to-day
incompetent to enter upon any new career of
life. They are broken down in health and in
spirits. They have lost all connection with the
outside world. They could no more enter upon
anj' new avocation and earn a living than eould
the oldest judge that might be retired from any
bench in the land. The judge, however old he
he may be, if he retires from judicial service,
retires with ripe scholarship, matured general
intelligence and professional learning, with a
familiarity with almost all the civil duties that
devolve upon officers in any part of the coun-
try. I can scarcely imagine that any man can
retire from the Supreme bench who could not
in some of the various walks of life command
higher compensation than he is receiving now.
We all know that a distinguished gentleman
who formerly sat upon the bench, from the
State of Massachusetts—Judge Curtis—re-
signed his position not many years ago because
the salary allowed was in his judgment insuffi-
cient. That was right, and it was an act done
in the spirit of our institutions. Judicial ser-
vice and any kind of official service in this
country is rendered upon the basis of a con-
tract which the officer may at any time term-
inate. If he believe that from any cause,
whether insufficiency of salary or ability to do
better elsewhere, it is his duty to himself to
resign, he is always at liberty to do so. Offices
in this country do not belong to and were
not created for the benefit of the officeholders,
but the people, and the holding of office is
always voluntary. The life tenure given to the
judges of the Federal courts is no exception
to this truth, but is wisely provided in order to
secure their complete independence of the other
departments while engaged in the discharge of
judicial duties.
Once establish the practice of retiring and
pensioning officers, although now limited to
the judiciary, and it will be speedily extended
to numerous other classes and will soon become
a great source of additional expenditure, and,
in my judgment, a very great evil. Establish
the principle and its rapid growth will be
assured.
If you want to increase the compensation of
the judges, do it. I will vote for a bill that
shall give a reasonable increase of pay to all
the Federal judges. I believe they are all too
low, and ought, in justice to the judges and for
the honor of the country, to be increased ; but
I am opposed to the whole system of official
pensions. Mr. Speaker, when this provision
of our Constitution was under consideration
ia the Convention that framed that instrument
that body discussed not only the propriety of
limiting the tenure of these judicial offices, but
also the propriety of giving them pensions
under any circumstances.
In the seventy-ninth number of the Federal-
ist, written by Mr. Hamilton, you will find his
opinion on that subject. His opinion, as there
expressed, is that in such a system as ours
any system of pensions is inexpedient and in-
consistent with the principles of our Govern-
ment.
We should carefully avoid every measure
that may tend to erect an aristocracy of office-
holders in our country. We need no such
evil, and it will come soon enough without the
aid of legislation. The country can poorly
resist the assaults of its ariny of office-seekers
and their corrupting influences upon the Gov-
ernment and people. But if yon encourage
the multitude of men in office on the approach
of age to enter into a struggle and form com-
binations to relieve themselves of the discharge
of official duties, and yet retain the rewards
and emoluments of office, you very greatly in-
crease all these evils.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is proposed by this bill
to retire by congressional legislation certain
judges after they shall have passed the age of
seventy years. The honorable gentlemen from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham],] my colleague on the
committee, will doubtless say that such is not
the precise proposition contained in this bill.
But I insist that the logical effect, the lega4
effect, the practical effect, of this proposition
will be to retire those judges, willing or unwill-
ing. The bill provides that the Supreme Court
shall consist of nine judges; and then it is
declared that whenever a judge shall have at-
tained the age of seventy years and shall have
rendered service for ten years in any judicial
department of the Federal Government he may
retire from active service and receive a pension
equal to his salary.
Mr. BINGHAM. By the first section of the
bill the Supreme Court is to consist of the
Chief Justice, eight associate judges, and the
judges thereof who shall be retired under the
provisions of this act.
Mr. KERR. The court is to consist prima-
rily of nine judges. The gentleman from Ohio
undertakes to correct me by saying that it shall
ultimately consist of nine judges, together with
the retired judges. The retired judges and the
judges who shall be appointed to take their
places are theoretically to perform precisely
the same duties and to have precisely the same
jurisdiction. If one holds a circuit court any-
where in the country, the other in theory of law
is supposed to sit with him. If the new judge
takes his seat upon the bench, the old judge
may do the same. If it is competent for Con-
gress to do thus by indirection what it cannot
do directly, if it is competent for Congress to
enact such a provision as this, then it is
equally competent for Congress to say that
after a judge shall have attained the age of
sixty years or fifty years or forty years, he may
in like manner bo retired or superseded or
may be aided by the appointment of another
judge who shall sit with him, dividing with
him his jurisdiction—dividing with him every
one of the functions of his office until, if this
process be continued, the court, so far as this
new organization is concerned, will become a
mockery ot a judicial tribunal.
The man who is thus superseded by the
appointment of another judge is practically
retired from office, and he, if not we, will so
understand it. He and the country will under-
stand when his successor is thus appointed by
the President and confirmed by the _ Senate
that he himself is notified that his services are
no longer needed on the bench; that he is
superannuated, and no longer fit to discharge
the duties, nor to be trusted with the respons-
ibilities of the office. It will be so understood
by him and the country, and it ought^ to be so
( understood by them, for that is what it means.
; It is an attempt, by indirection, not to in-
crease the number of judges, so as to augment
' their working capacity to do the business of
