1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
coart. If Congress can take from one mem-
ber of the court for any cause the right to sit
in judgment upon any such case, it can take it
from another member of the court for any
other cause it may please.
Mr. BINGHAM. The original substitute
contains no such proposition as the gentleman
is now arguing against.
Mr. KERR. Certainly; I understand that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the
Chair how much time I have left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgham] yielded to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] as the Chair understood,
without limit as to time. The h.our of the gen-
tleman from Ohio expired while the gentleman
from Indiana was speaking, and he continued
to speak in his own time. If the gentleman
from Indiana yields the remainder of his time
to the gentleman from Ohio the Chair will now
recognize him as entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boiler,] my
colleague 011 the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House. [His remarks will be published in
the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. There are twenty-seven
minutes of the hour remaining.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to delay
the House longer. I think members must be
well satisfied by this time that there is no con-
stitutional objection to the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR, I desire the permission of my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Bixoham] to
offer an amendment to the substitute, so that
the provisions of this measure shall apply to
judges only when they have attained the age
of seventy-five years, not seventy years.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing that the
gentlemau shall offer that amendment for the
action of the House.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by inserting
alter the word '■ seventy,'" wherever it occurs
m the substitute, the word " five." Mr.
Speaker, I desire to say that if any such
measure as this is to bo adopted, with reference
to the organization of this court, it ought not
to apply to judges at so early an age as seventy
years. The judicial history of our country
more than justifies the assumption cn my
part ihat our very ablest judges have rendered
their most distinguished and valuable services
after attaining the ago of seventy years. I
might mention, as illustrations, the names of
not less than half a dozen of the most distin-
guished jurists cf oar country. The truth of
mv remark has plso been singularly illustrated
in the history of the judiciary of England.
At one time many of the most "eminent and
illustrious judges on the bench of Great Brit-
ain were over the age of eighty years, and yet
were rendering most industrious, faithful, vigi-
lant. and effective service as judges of the
highest courts in that country.
We all know the fact that many years ago, in
the State of New York. Justice Kent was by a
constitutional provision, similar in terms to the
measure now before us, removed from the
highest judicial tribunal of that State 011 ac-
count of the age which he had attained, the same
age prescribed in this bill as the limit of judi-
cial capacity. We also know that after he had
thus been removed from the bench he ren-
dered most distinguished service to his country
by the preparation and publication of his im-
mortal commentaries on American law. The
lives of Chief Justice Marshall, Chief Justice
Taney, and several others of the highest judges
of our State and national tribunals have illus-
trated in the same way the fact that advanced
years do not necessarily impair a judge's capa-
city.
1 think, therefore, that if any provision of this ■
kind is to beincorporated into our law itought
not to apply to judges at an earlier age than
seventy-tiveyears—indeed, I would beiuciined
to say eighty years. 1 think that no judge who
is rendering distinguished service to his coun-
try on the bench ought ever to have it even
suggested orintimated to him, by legislation of
this kind, that he is no longer competent to
render services in a judicial capacity. This
measure amounts to such a suggestion or inti-
mation. It isan exceedingly suggestive arrange-
ment—I will not say gotten up by my distin-
guished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] for
I believe he did not draft this bill. He remarks
to me at this moment, if I understand him cor-
rectly, that he did suggest the measure.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was suggested all
around.
Mr. KERR. Well, I hope it will not be
approved all around by the House. I think
that this sort of suggestive legislation is in the
highest degree pernicious, in the highest de-
gree unkind and ungenerous to those veteran
judges who have rendered Trojan service to the
country in their high offices. The tendency of
such legislation ia to belittle the judicial posi-
tion, to destroy its dignity and value, not only
in the opinion of the judges themselves, but in
the opinion of their countrymen. I think,
therefore, that such legislation ought not to be
tolerated.
If my distinguished colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Bikgham] will allow me, I will
modify my amendment so as to make the meas-
ure applicable only to judges who have attained
the age of eighty years.
Mr. BINGHASl. I do not yield for that
amendment.
Mr. KERR. Then let the amendment stand
as I have already offered it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I am de-
cidedly in favor of this bill. As has been
remarked, the business of the country has out-
grown the capacities of our judiciary as at
present organized. The national judiciary
must be reenforced in order to transact the
business of the country, and I know of no
better way in which it can be done than by this
system of circuit judges, enabling the judges
of the Supreme Court to devote more of their
time to their sessions in banc here. Nor have
I any objection, Mr. Speaker, to the provis-
ion which has been introduced on behalf of
the J udiciary Committee, contemplating sub-
stantially a system of pensions to our judges
after they have become unable to perform
their duties. What I desire to say is a word
or two in reply to those gentlemen who have
assailed the amendment I have offered. Now,
as I said before, it seems to me that the prin-
ciple of this amendment must commend itself
to the judgment of every member of this House.
What is it? Why, it simply provides that
when a man is dissatisfied with the judgment
of a lower court and wants his case reheard
he shall have it reheard before an independ-
ent, unbiased tribunal; that he shall not be
obliged to go before the same judge, who has
already heard his case and decided it against
him either in whole or in part.
Now, let us apply that principle to oi'dinary
transactions of life. Suppose my friend from
Pennsylvania and I have some difference, and
we propose to make a court of our own, to
have an arbitrator to determine the dispute
between us. My friend proposes to me a gen-
tleman to act as arbitrator between us. '' Why,''
I say, '• he has prejudged the case ; he has ex-
amined it and given his opinion, and has really
decided it in his own mind." I make an
objection on that score in this case, and yet my
friend gives it no weight. Sir, is there a sensi-
ble man in the world who would not feel that
my objection is a sound one ; that my friend
would have no right to require me to go with
my case before a man who has already pre-
judged it and given an opinion ? Now.judges
are nothing but men. They have the same
passions and prejudices. They are just as
much influenced by preconceived opinions as
any other rnen. Because they are elevated to
the bench they do not become dispossessed of
the frailties of ordinary humanity".
But my friend from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] and my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] who have had long expe-
rience on the bench, say they have known judges
reverse their own decisions and concur in the
opinion of the court upon appeal contrary to the
judgmentfirst rendered. Sohavelknown such
cases, but, like angels' visits, they are few and
far between. While I have known one case of
that kind, I have known hundreds where the
judge fought like a bar-room politician to sus-
tain the opinion he gave below, and made it a
personal matter with his associates that he
ought to be sustained ; and I apprehend if my
friend had gone furtherwith his experience on
this subject he could have related some such
instances. But my friend from Rhode Island
says it may be necessary to have the judge who
sat in the circuit court sit also in the Supreme
Court, so that the court may have some knowl-
edge of the local law from him. When my
friend brings up a case from Rhode Island, or
any other State where he practices before the
circuit court, does he trust to the knowledge of
the circuit judge to give information to the
Supreme Court in relation to local law ? I ap-
prehend that able counsel, like my friend from
Rhode Island, would go before that court with
ample means of informing those judges who
had not sat in the trial of the cause below
what the local law is.
But it is said that the judge who tries it in
the circuit has information and knowledge of
the case which the other judges cannot have.
There lies the very mischief. When a man
goes before the Supreme Court or any other
court of error for thepurposeof havinghiscase
reexamined he has a right to have it decided
without regard to the information or knowledge
that is in the bosom of the judge who has already
tried it and whom he is bound to meet there.
It is what is spread upon the record, what is
open to all the members of the court, open to
all the world, that he is ready to have consid-
ered. It is not the private information that is
in the breast or pocket of the judge that he is
bound to have considered either for him or
against him.
In offering this amendment, Mr. Speaker, it.
is not for the purpose of casting any imputation
upon any member of the Supreme Court of the
United States. I believe they are all honest
men, learned and upright judges; but I do not
feel bound to confess or to believe that they
are free from the frailties that possess all other
men in common with them, or that they have
not the same pride of opinion and disposition
to maintain their preconceived opinions that
other men have. It seemed to be argued by
.my friend from Pennsylvania that this was an
imputation upon a judge, as if he must be a
dishonest judge or not an upright one who
could not sit and try his own decision as im-
partially as those of other men. The difficulty
is you cannot convince- him that it is wrong.
I agree that any honest mail when convinced
that he is wrong would be willing to reverse
his judgment; but the difficulty is, he does not
believe he was wrong. He examines all the
books and papers for the very purpose of prov-
ing that he is right. He is like the theolo-
gian who, in examining the Bible, looks for texts
to sustain his o\vn creed. So it is with judges
who sit for the purpose of revising their own
decisions. They examine authorities, they
look for reasons to sustain their decisions, and
not for reasons to reverse them.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] inti-
mated that there was a constitutional doubt
about our right to say this ; he seems to hold
that judges being provided for by the Consti-
tution why they must sit in all cases. His argu-
ment would prove that a man must sit in his own
case. Have we not a right to make the limita-
tion that a judge of the Supreme Court shall
not sit in his own case? My friend's argument
reminds me of a story that an old member or
• the bar in my State used to tell about a justice
I down ill Connecticut. He wanted to bring suit
) a^aiust a man, aod he looked into the statute
i and found that it said that suits of such a char-
