844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
aeter might be brought "before any justice of
the peace." " Well," he said, "I can try tlie
case myself." So lie made out the writ against
his adversary and signed it himself; and when
the trial day came round the defendant ap-
peared with his counsel and objected that he
could not sit in his own case.- " Why," asked
the justice, "do you deny that I am a justice of
thepeace?" The counsel said "No." "Well,"
said the justice, "the statute says that any
justice may try a case of this sort; and if you
do not deny that I am a justice there is no
question about it." [Laughter.] The counsel
argued that it was against all reason and sense.
Well, the justice said that he did not want to
have his adversary think that he was governed
by personal considerations, and therefore he
would render judgment against himself and
appeal to the supreme court; and, as he said
afterward, the deuce of it was that when his judg-
ment got to the supreme court they affirmed
it.. [Laughter.] My friend's constitutional idea
in relalion to our right to regulate this matter,
and say that a man who has once prejudged a
ease or has been counsel in it shall not sit on
the appeal is just about on a par, in my judg-
ment, with the reasoning of the Connecticut
justice. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. I desire to invite the attention
of the gentleman from Vermont to the fact that
his anecdote has no application to this case. I
will answer him by reading from the Consti-
tution :
. "To all cases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls;" ~ ~ * * "to
controversies to -which the United States shall be a
party; to controversies between two or more States,"
&c.
Those are the cases in which the Supreme
Court has original jurisdiction. Now, my
proposition related to that class of cases alone;
a judge could never occupy such a relation
toward his own case, as he could not be an
embassador, a consul, or a State; and, there-
fore, my friend's anecdote has no application.
Mr. POLAND. I do not claim that mine
was a case strictly in point, but being in the
very line of the gentleman's reasoning, it was
sufficiently near to be a ease worth citing upon
that point. [Laughter.] I do not think that
anybody need have any constitutional scruples
in relation to our right to say that a judge of
the Supreme Court shall not sit in his own
case ; that he shall not sit in a case where he
has been counsel; that he shall not sit in a
case in which he is interested; that he shall
not sit in a case where either of the parties in
interest is related to him within the fourth
degree, which is the ordinary rule of exclusion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gen;
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] for
three minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, either I
have misapprehended the character of this bill,
or some of the arguments that have been ad-
dressed to the House against it proceed from
a misconcep'ion of it. It has been argued as
though this bill were conceived in a spirit of
unfriendliness to the judiciary and unkindness
to the judges. From my knowledge of the
antecedent history of this bill I suppose it is
not so in fact. From the character of the bill
itself it seems not to be so in theory. On the
other hand it seems to have been conceived in
a spirit of liberality and of generosity toward
that department of the Government. The Con-
stitution provides that "the judges, both of
the Supreme and of the inferior courts, shall
hold their offices during good behavior, and
shall at stated times receive for their services
a compensation which shall not be diminished
during their continuance in office so that a
judge once in office and demeaning himself
uprightly is a judge to the close of his life.
The question we are now called upon to con-
sider is whether we will work him to the close
of his life, whether we will insist upon exact-
ing his services, be they more or less, such as
he is able to render, as long as he is to live.
This bill, which has been interpreted as an
attempt to get rid of aud to remove judges
from the bench, as I understand it, is a pro-
vision for the benefit of the judge, a provision
that at the age of seventy the judge, if he be so
minded, shall be relieved from further active
service.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
moves to make it seventy-five years. I do not
deny that many judges have rendered most
valuable and important services after having
arrived at the age of seventy years, or indeed
the age of seventy-five years. But when we
are addressing the old public servants of the
country, many of whom have sat upon the
bench for twenty and even thirty years before
they have reached the age of seventy, I am
willing to say to them that if they desire
they may at seventy years of age retire from
further active service, and retire under the
spirit of the Constitution and of this law,
receiving the compensation to which by their
commissions they are entitled. I do not be.-
lieve in the justice or in the right of working
old public servants who have been faithful, as
i the judiciary of the United States have been
I faithful, until they drop into their graves from
j sheer exhaustion and by the force of old age.
! Neither would I have incorporated in this bill
; the provision which I find has been put in by
| the Committee on the Judiciary, that these
j judges shall have previously served ten years
upon the bench. If a man of sixty-five is
j thought by the appointing power worthy to
; hold a seat upon the bench let him have the
| benefit of this bill the same as though he had
i been appointed at the age of fifty-five or forty-
! five, or even thirty-five years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
;; Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield one minute
j to my colleague from the Cincinnati district
'! [Mr. Stevenson] to make a statement.
,! Mr. STEVENSON. 1 wish to say, in refer-
|! ence to the argument of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] that I know at least one
judge, now seventy-two years of age, who has
rendered most faithful service, and who, in
his old age and under the oppression and
weight of years, is anxious that some such pro-
vision as 1 his may be adopted as a matter of
kindness to him; and I doubt not there are
many such men.
Mr. BINGHAM. The country is full of
them.
Mr. KERR. I wish to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is it?
Mr. KERR. Section six of the substitute,
near its close, when treating of the jurisdiction
of these nine circuit judges, reads :
Who shall have the same power, perform the same
duties, and receive the same compensation as the
judgo then acting in such courts, who shall be retired
or excused from so acting.
My question is this: suppose that the old
judge is holding his circuit court regularly in
one of the Slates of the Union. 'This super-
numerary judge comes along and takes a seat
upon the bench with just the same powers and
having the right to perform the same duties as
the old judge; and suppose that the two sitting
there are unable to agree in the decision of
the case, the one holds one way and the other
holds the other way, who is to decide?
Mr. BINGHAM. The case will be certified
up on a division.
Mr. KERR. There is no provision of law
authorizing that kind ofcertificate to be made.
Then I will ask the gentleman another ques-
tion. Suppose one judge says the court shall
adjourn, and the other judge says it shall not
adjourn, who is to decide?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man. If he will read the whole of this bill he
wil,l find that no such state of things is pro-
vided for.
Mr. KERR. I know it is not provided for.
Mr. BINGHAM. And no such state of
things can ever happen. Another section of
the bill shows very clearly that a circuit court
can only be held by the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court or an associate justice alone,
or by an associate justice and a district judge
jointly, or by the district judge alone, or by
the district judge iu conjunction with the cir-
cuit judge. _ But there is no provision of the
bill authorizing two associate justices of the
Supreme Court to hold a court with the circuit
judge.
Mr. KERR. But under this bill these two
judges stand for one.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not exactly; they do not
stand for one.
Mr. KERR. Each is to perform the same
duty as the otljer.
Mr. BINGHAM. The whole text of the
bill forbids the conclusion of the gentleman.
They are as distinct as any other two justices
of the Supreme Court.
Mr. KERR. One question more.
Mr. BINGHAM. My time is about expired,
and I cannot yield further. One word about
extending the provision in regard to the age of
the judge so as to make it seventy-five years.
That question was considered by the commit-
tee, and I think this consideration had a con-
trolling influence upon the minds of the com-
mittee, that inasmuch as seventy years is the
limit allotted to human life, it might turn out
in many instances that by making the proposed
change in the bill it would impose upon a man
who had served his country faithfully and well
the obligation to drag out a miserable exist-
ence upon the bench for five years before he
can have the privilege of retiring.
I now call the previous question upon the
bill and pending amendments, and hope the
House will vote down the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] and
also the amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
a single question of the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must insist upon the
previous question, as my time has expired.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Kerr, to strike out " seventy" and in-
sert " seventy-five" before the word "years"
wherever it occurs in the substitute.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Poland, to insert the following, to come
in as a new section after section seven :
And be it further enacted, That no judge of the
Supreme Court shall sit in the Supreme Court upon
the hearing of any appeal or writ of error from any
decree or judgment of a circuit court in which said
judge participated as circuit judge.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 42, noes 73.
Mr. POLAND called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
offered by Mr. Binoham on behalf of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The jeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 50, not voting
47 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Banks, Bingham. Blair, Boles,
Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth, Fcrriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gillilhsn, Hale, Hawley,
Hoar, Hooper, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd,
Julian. Keiley, Kclsey, Kctcham, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mc-
Grew. Slercur, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,
Daniel J. Morroll. O'Neill, Orth, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Peters. Phelps, Poland, Prosser, Rogers,
Boots, Sanford, Sargent, Schenck, Scoiield, Shanks,
John A.Smith, Wiihara J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Taffe. Tan-
ner, Tillman. Townsend, Tivichell. Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B.Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore,
Willard, and Williams—99.
NAYS — Messrs. Aicher, Axtell, Beatty, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Brooks, Burr, Roderick It. Butler,
Dickinson, Bldridge, Finkelnburg, Fox, Golladay,
Griswold, Haight, Haldeman.Hambleton, Hawkins,
Hay, Hoag, Hoiman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Lawrence, Loughridge, Marshall, MeCormick,
