1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
McNeelv, Mungen, Niblack, Packard, Potter, Read-
ing Reeves, Rice. Sawyer, Stiles, Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees. Wells,
John T. Wilson, Witoher, Wood, and Woodward—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton. Bowen, Calkin, Clarke,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb. Crebs, Davis, Deweese,
Dyer, Ela, Gotz, Greene, Hamill, Hamilton, Heaton,
Hill.Hotehkiss, Alexander H. Jones, Knott, Logan,
May'ham, Moffet, William Moore, Morgan, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Negley, Poineroy, Randall,
Schumaker, Sheldon, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stono, Strader, Strickland,
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, and Win-
chester—17.
So the substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeasOO, nays 53, not voting
53; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Banks, Benton, Bingham, Boles,
Bowen. Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett. Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cake. Cessna, Clinton L. CobK Cook, Cowles,
Cullom, Dawes. Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Donley,
Duval .Ferriss, Fisher,Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale. Haw-
kins, Hawley, Hoar. Hoooer. Hopkins. Ingersoll,
Jenckes. Judd. J uiian, Kelley, Kelsey. Knapp, Lash,
Maynard. McCarthy. McCrary, McGrew, Mereur,
Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, O'Neill, Paine. Palmer, Peters. Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer.
Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith,William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoushton, TatTe, Tanner, Townsend, Twicbell, Ty-
ner, Upson. Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn. William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore.
Willnrd, Williams, and John T.Wilson—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beatty, Beek, Biggs, Bird,
Blair, Brooks, Burr, Roderick R. Butler. Clarke,
Coburn, Conger, Crebs, Dickinson, Ela, Eldridge,
Finkelnburg, Fox, Golladay, Griswold, Haight,
llaldeman, flambleton. Ha;', Holman, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Lawrence, Marshall, May-
liam, MeOormick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungeu, Nib-
lack, Oith, Packard, Packer, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
Sloeum. Swann. Sweeney. Trimble. Van Auken, Van
Trump,Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M.Wilson,Witchcr,
and Woodward—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. A dams. Ax tell, Bailey. Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bennett, Calkin, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Amasa Cobb, Davis, Deweese, Dyer, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fitch Gctz, Greene. Hamill, Hamilton,
lleiton.Hill. Hoag, Hotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones,
Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Loughridsre, Lynch,
Moffet, Jesse II.Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morris-
sev, Negley, Potter, Randall, Rogers, Schenck,
fchumaker, Joseph S. Smith,Worthington C Smith,
Stiles, Stone. Strader, Strickland, Tillman,Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Winans, Winchester, and Wood—53.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by -which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. j
reconstruction of mississippi.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent that a substitute, which I design to
offer for the bill relative to reconstruction in
Mississippi, be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ninth census.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted some proposed amendments to
House bill No. 256, to provide for taking the
ninth and subsequent censuses; which were
referred to the select Committee on the Ninth
Census, and ordered to be printed.
message from tiib president.
A message from the President, communi-
cated by Mr. Horace Pokter, his Secretary,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 80) to supply omissions in the enrollment
of certain appropriation acts, approved March
3, 1869.
message from t1ie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goeham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed joint resolutions and a bill of the fol-
lowing titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested : .
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 42)respecting pay
and allowances of enlisted men of the Army;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 48) to drop from
the rolls of the Army certain officers absent
without leave; and
An act(S. No. 47) for the relief of S. andH.
Sayles.
The message further announced thattheSen-
ate had passed without amendment a bill (H.
R. No. 237) to abolish the office of chief of
staff to the General of the Army.
mount veitnon manufacturing company.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 333) for the benefitof
the Mount Vernon Manufacturing Company;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FOX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call up the bill for the government of Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. FOX. I insist upon the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The remonstrance of
R. H. Anderson and others, citizens of Detroit,
Michigan, against the registry of foreign-built
vess6ls.
! By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of D. 11.
j Reader and others, asking that the post route
i be extended from Corsica to Steam Corners,
j Marion county, Ohio.
! By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts : Peti-
' lions of Margaret E. BemTett and 158 citizens
of Gloucester; Eunice H. Merrill and 128
citizens of Danvers ; LydiaE. Bushley and 69
citizens of Peabody ; Ruth Buffum and 52 citi-
zens of Lynn ; Hannah Harlow and 38 citizens
of Essex ; Emily P. Watson and 28 citizens
of Manchester; Maria A. Millett and 27 citi-
zens of Ilockport, Essex county, Massachu-
setts, in favor of woman suffrage.
Also, a petitiou of citizens of Harrison,
Darke county, Ohio, for the repeal ol the
national banking law.
Also, a petition of citizens of Gloucester,
Massachusetts, praying for indemnity to Wil-
liam H. Steele, for loss of schooner Semantha
C. Steele, destroyed in 1863 by the United ;
States Army at St. Helena. _ _ ,
Also, resolutions adopted by citizens of !
Lynn, Enox county, Massachusetts, upon the
new phase of the Fenian matter. _ ,
Also, the petition of Thomas Niles, for com-
pensation for property taken by the Govern- 1
ment of the United States.
Also, the petition of John E. Hatner, to be ;
allowed to preempt certaiu land in California, j
Also, petition of A. Ward Burns for relief, j
Also, the petition ofJ. W. Wright for relief j
of freedmen among the Creek Indians. , j
By Mr. GARFIELD : The memorial of Pro- j
fessor Brainerd, asking for the repeal of the j
third, fourth, and fifth sections of the act in- j
corporating Columbia College, in the District j
of Columbia. !
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 80 citizens |
l] of Michigan, praying an amendment of the I
homestead law allowing proof of final settle- j
ment to be made before county clerks.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A peti-
tion of merchants, vessel-owners, masters of
vessels, and citizens of Jersey City and Hobo-
ken, New Jersey, setting forth that the coast-
ing trade and commerce of the United States
would be greatly facilitated and benefited by
having a custom-house in Jersey City ; and
praying the passage of an act establishing a
custom-house in Jersey City, and making said
cities of Hoboken and Jersey City a port of
entry.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of J. C.
Jay, praying compensation for services as
assistant surgeon, seventh Indiana cavalry vol-
unteers, from February, 1864, to November,
1864, for self and servant.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Com-
modore Thomas 0. Selfridge.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of John
L. Sheridan and 112 others, citizens of Som-
erset," Ohio, praying for a post route to be
established from Lancaster, Ohio, to Somerset,-
Ohio.
By Mr. WELLS : The petition of Major C.
H. Frederick, of the United States Army, for
pay and allowances as lieutenant colonel from
the 17th day of June, 1861, till the 5th day of
August, 1861.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 30, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of P. P. Pitchlynn and others, delegates
of the Choctaw Indians, relative to their claim
against the Government under treaty stipula-
tions ; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of
the Universal Peace Union, praying the adop-
tion of a humane policy toward the Indians ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Jacob C. Matheny, of Virginia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Newark, New Jersey, praying a repeal
of the duty imposed on the importation of
foreign barley; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
' Mr. FERRY presented the petition of mem-
bers of the bar of the sixth judicial circuit of
Virginia, for the removal of the political dis-
abilities of Judge Christian ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. GILBERT presented the petition of
Thomas Moore, of Virginia, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities: which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
George W. McCranie, of Louisiana, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
"was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FOWLER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Tennessee, in favor
of an appropriation for the payment of services
rendered to the Government during the late
war by Captain Daniel Ellis and Captain John
Turner; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims. _
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Tennessee, in favor of an
appropriation for the payment of services ren-
dered to the Government by Isaac Bolinger
and x^ndrew C. Fondrin during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. .
Mr. ANTHONY" presented the memorial of
Francis Skiddy and others, praying for a postal
contract for the conveyance of the European
mails ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. WrILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution, asked to De
discharged from their further consideration
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to :
A bill (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of
Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York;
