346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 80,
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Major
Francis McKee, of Smith county, Tennessee :
A bill (EL R. No. 268) for the relief of Cap-
tain George E. Grisliam, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of Wil-
liam E. Byrd, of Hancock county, St$te of
Tennessee *
A bill (EL R. No. 270) for the relief of Henry
B. Hears;
A bill (H. E. No. 271) for the relief of
Colonel Samuel W. Price, of the twenty-first
Kentucky volunteers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) for the
relief of Francis S. McDonald.
PAYMENT 01' SOLDIERS' BOUNTIES.
_Hr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 46) for the pro-
tection of soldjers and their heirs, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage; and I ask that it be put on its passage
at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury and pay de-
partment who are charged with the settlement
and payment of bounties due to soldiers or
their heirs to pay or cause to be paid the sums
found due to the soldiers or their heirs, in per-
son, and not to any claim agent or upon any
power of attorney whatever.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would ex-
plain what will be the effect of this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. The effect of it will be that
whatever the Government of the United States
pays to soldiers in bounties will reach the sol-
diers or their heirs. At the present time, and
I may say during the years that have passed
since we enacted that law, thousands and tens
of thousands and hundreds of thousands of
dollars that should have gone into the pockets
of soldiers have gone into the pockets of claim
agents, and the soldiers have been cheated out
of it. The reports on the subject from all
quarters of the country show this to be true.
Some cases have recently happened where
agents have got into tlieir hands fifteen, twenty,
or thirty thousand dollars and nothing can ever
be got from them. It will take a little longer
time to pay the bounties in this way; but there
will be no difficulty in most parts of the coun-
try. The Government passed these bounty
acts for the benefit of the soldiers and their
heirs, and not tor the benefit of claim agents;
and I think it ought to pay the bounties to the
soldiers. The money can be paid, the most
of it, through the pension offices or in other
ways, without any great difficulty. I have con-
sulted the Second Auditor in regard to the
matter, and I have no doubt it can be done I
without any difficulty or expense to the Gov- |
ernmenf, and the soldiers or their heirs will !
get what belongs to them. It is for that pur- I
pose that the committee have reported the joint
resolution.
Mr. HOWE. ^ I wish the joint resolution to I
be reported again. \
The Chief Clerk again read the joint reso- i
iution. :
Mr. HOWE. Now, I appeal to the Senator I
from Massaenusetts to know if that will not
inevitably require every man who has a claim i
to be paid to come here in person and receive '
and receipt for it here in Washington ? i
Mr. WILSON. No. ' i
Mr. HOWE. Where else can he go ?
Mr. WILSON. The Department can pay '
it in any way they please, through the pension .
offices or elsewhere. ;
Mr. HOWE. I doubt very much whether
they can pay it through the pension offices. I i
do not think they can charge a pension agent |
with the duty of paying bounties, or even make |
his bondsmen responsible for the money. j
Mr. GRIMES. There is no connection be- 1
tween the pay department of the Army and
the pension offices. They belong to different
Departments.
Mr. HOWE. None at all; not the slightest.
Mr. WILSON. I am told that there will
not be the slightest difficulty about it. I am
informed, by those who know about it better
than I do, that there will be no practical diffi-
culty about.
Mr. HOWE. If there is no practical diffi-
culty I have not the slightest objection to pass-
ing the joint resolution ; but if the Senator will
let it go over, and consult with the Second
Auditor or some other officer 
Mr. WILSON. I have consulted with the
Second Auditor.
Mr. HOWE. A_nd be able to tell us how
this money will be paid, I shall have no objec-
tion to its passing; but I really do not conceive
how, under this resolution, it can be paid at all
except on personal application here.
Mr. WILSON, I have no objection to its
going over, if any Senator desires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
tion will be placed on the Calendar.
I'keet>men's hospitals.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 200) relating to freed-
men's hospitals, to report it back without
amendment, and I ask that it be put upon its
passage. I will say one word in explanation
of it. We had about thirty of these hospitals,
but they have all been wound up with the ex-
ception of some six or seven, and by law those
will be wound up in June next. The one at
Vicksburg, in a State that is not yet recon-
structed, and the one in Virginia, have each
of them about two hundred or two hundred :
and fifty persons, and there is no place for ;
them to go. There are about three hundred ,
here in this city; making in all about seven :
hundred persons. This bill will allowthem to |
be continued after June next, at the discretion '■
of the President of the United States. As soon j
as those States can be reconstructed probably j
these hospitals will be closed up as the others
have been. 1
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Commissioner of
the Bureau of Refugees and Freedmen to con-
tinue the freedmen's hospitals at Richmond,
Virginia ; Vicksburg, Mississippi ; and in the
District of Columbia, including the asylum
for aged and infirm freedmen, and for orphan
children ; but the expense thereof is to be
paid by the Commissioner out of moneys here-
tofore appropriated for the use of the "bureau,
and the hospitals are to be discontinued as
soon as may be practicable, in the discretion
of the President of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to bo engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
^ Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 224)
to provide for the auditing and adjudicating
and payment of certain claims of loyal citizens
of the United States ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. RICE. I move that the bill be referred
to a special committee of five. Bills of this
kind have heretofore been introduced, both at
the last session and the session before that,
and referred, some to the Committee on Claims
and some to the Committee on the Judiciary,
but no general bill that has been satisfac-
tory has been reported by either committee.
The object of having this bill referred to a
special committee is that the friends of the
measure may prepare its details in such a shape
as to be satisfactory to them, so that there may
be presented such a bill as they are willing to
go before the Senate and before the country
upon. It seems that a majority of the commit-
tses to whom these bills have been referred
have not seen proper to report such a measure.
In order, therefore, that the bill may be made
up in proper shape and satisfactory to its friends,
I move that it be referred to a special commit-
tee of five.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the bill pro-
vide for?
Mr. RICE. The claims provided for in the
bill are claims of loyal citizens of southern
States for military stores and supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States during the
war.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENI1. The Senator from
Arkansas moves that the bill be referred to a
special committee of five. The Senator from
Iowa moves the reference of the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that being a
standing committee his motion has precedence.
Mr. HOWE. I do not remember that any
bills of this description were referred to the
Committee on Claims at the last Congress, but
I am not certain that there were not.
Mr. RICE. I would suggest that at the time
that the Sue Murphey case was disposed of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] in-
troduced a general bill, which was referred to
that committee and no report was made.
Mr. HOWE. The fact may be as stated by
the Senator from Arkansas. I remember that
two bills have been presented during the pres-
ent session, one by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] and one by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott,] both of
which have been referred to the Committee on
Claims, and both of which have been consid-
ered by that committee. No report has been
made, though I think I am more to blame than
anybody else for the fact that a report has not
been made.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to withdraw the
motion I made, and substitute the Committee
on Claims for the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa modifies his motion, and moves to refer
tlife bill to the Committee on Claims instead of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. I believe the Committee on
Claims were pretty well agreed as to what sort
of a report should be made, but I have not had
time, iu the press of business demanding my
attention, to prepare the bill, and I have been
somewhat discouraged from attempting it by
the indisposition which was manifested here in
the Senate to engage in such business. Still
I think the committee will make a report dur-
ing this session upon that subject. I have not
the slightest objection to the raising of a special
committee, and I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the reference of this bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. The Committee on Claims
seeks i\o monopoly of this sort of business. I
only state these facts as due to the Committee
on Claims. They have not intended to neglect
any business of this sort, and I think I am more
responsible for any seeming neglect than any
member of the committee.
Mr. RICE. I was not complaining of the
Committee on Claims, though I did not know
but that they were in the same condition with
the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom such
bills had been referred ; that a majority were
opposed to the principle, and therefore of course
could not agree upon the details of a bill. If
that was the case, 1 wanted a special commit-
tee, a majority of whom should be friendly to
the measure, in order that we might get a bill in
proper shape and get the sense of the Senate
upon it. 1 know that a bill may come up here
introduced by any one of us, and it will be
objectionable to somebody else; but if a com-
mittee that is friendly to the principle can have
it under consideration they can prepare a bill
that will probably meet the wishes of the friends
of the measure ; and that is the object of my
motion. It is to get a bill before the Senate.
We want this question brought up and tried;
and if the Senate is not disposed to pass a bill
for the payment of these claims we wish that
to be understood; but if it is disposed to pass
such a measure, we want a bill that will be
