1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
satisfactory tc us and to the country, one that
will guard the Treasury and at the same time
do justice to ths loyal citizens of the South.
Mr. ABBOT7. I think this bill of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas had better be referred to
the Committee cn Claims, where the other
bills now are, being exactly the same in nature
as this bill introQuced by him ; or, if it is
decided to create a special committee, I shall
move to withdraw those bills from the Com-
mittee on Claims and refer them to the special
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two motions are
now pending before the Senate, one to refer
the bill to a select committee of five, and the
other to refer it to the Committee on Claims.
The first question 13 on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 225) to authorize the Postmaster General
to contract with certain parties and their suc-
cessors and assigns for the transportation of
the mails between the United States and
Europe in American steamers ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to state that I
introduce this bill by request, without any
knowledge of its merits. I move that it bo
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 226)
to incorporate the Washington Homeopathic
Medical Society ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 227) to incorporate the Columbia Bail-
way Company of the District of Columbia ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
228) granting land to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad, in Nevada, to the Col-
orado river ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
229) to incorporate the National Union Man-
ufacturing and Publishing Company of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 51) exempting all the coun-
ties of the State of West Virginia from the
operation of the act of Congress entitled "An
act to declare the sense of an act entitled 'An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide for the payment of cer-
tain demands for quartermaster's stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States " which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 52) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund penalty, inter-
est, and costs illegally assessed and collected
under direct tax laws; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. li. No. 53) relating to certain brevet
'appointments; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Aiuiirs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 54) to distribute the
number and rank of Government employes
among the several districts and Territories;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. ICELLOGG. I ask the reference of the
joint resolution to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read
at length.
The resolution was read. It proposes to make
it the duty of the Secretaries of State, War,
Navy, Treasury, and Interior, the Postmaster
and Attorney Generals, Commissioner of Agri-
culture, Superintendent of Public Buildings and
Grounds, and the officers of the House and
Senate, to severally cause to be made alpha-
betical lists of all the employes in their re-
spective Departments or forces, and to correct
the same as changes shall be made, andto keep
these lists in their several offices respectively
subject to inspection. These lists are to con-
tain the name, rank, and pay of the employes
of the respective Departments or forces, date
of employment and residence, giving town,
county, State, or Territory, designating those
who have served in the Aimy or Navy of the
United States. It further provides that the
several congressional districts, organized Ter-
ritories, and the District of Columbia, shall be
entitled to equal numbers and ranks of em-
ployes iu the several Departments and forces
named. No district or Territory shall have
more than one of any rank until every district
and Territory shall have at least one of the
same rank; and all appointments in these
Departments and forces hereafter shall be to
equalize the number and rank of employes as
above provided for ; this equalization of num-
bers and rank of employes from the several
districts and Territories to be made by the
4th day of March, 1870. Nothing herein con-
tained is to be construed to regulate the em-
ployment and service of day laborers, and boys
under the age of sixteen years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Is it in time to object to
that measure?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It
was read the second time by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is a measure, it
seems to me, in the interest of people who
desire to get one man out and another man in.
It seems to me that the heads of Departments
ought to know their own business in this re-
spect, and that the public can gain no partic-
ular advantage from this measure ; but it will
certainly pass the Senate at some time when
there is no attention paid to it. I do not
like it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island can move to reconsider the ref-
erence. It has been referred. If there is no
motion to reconsider, and there are no further
bills and joint resolutions to be introduced,
that order is closed.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up House joint resolution  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour lias not yet expired, and the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] desires to intro-
duce a resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to move to
reconsider the vote referring the joint resolu-
tion introduced by the Senator from Louisiana;
but if it has gone to the committee I do not
care about it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator does not
make that motion I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont is now on the floor, but when ^
110 Senator is ou the floor the motion will be
in order.
summer residence for president.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Ilcsolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be authorized to ascertain whether there
are any buildings belonging to the United States
available as a summer residence for the President of
the United States.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Frederic
Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze, and the
petition and papers of Haym Salomon, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in compliance with
the request contained iu the resolution of the
Senate of the 17th instant, certain correspond-
ence between James Buchanan, late President
of the United State, and Lewis Cass, Secretary
of State; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senaie a report from
the Secretary of War, communicating, incom-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
17th instant, information in relation to con-
tracts with Norman Wiard for the fabrication
and delivery of ordnance ; which was referred
to the Committee ou Military Affairs.
3iessage proai the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton" Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 44) to amend the judicial system of
the United States, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate
creating the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate and
the Committee on Accounts of the House cf
Representatives a joint committee to define
the number, duties, and compensation of the
employes of the two Houses.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 166) for the
relief of Isabella C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus
Youngs.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 335) for the relief of
Jearum Atkins ;
A bill (IT. II. No. 336) for the relief of
Alinzer Clark ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 64) authoriz-
ing the building of a railroad bridge over the
Ohio river atPaducah, Kentucky.
The message further announced that the
House had further disagreed to theamendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3) regulat-
ing the tenure of certain civil offices, and had
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and had appointed Mr. B. P. Butler
of Massachusetts, Mr. C. C. Washburn of
Wisconsin, and Mr. John A. Bingham of Ohio,
managers at the same on its part.
judicial system.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 41) to amend the judicial system
of the United States was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
order of business.
Mr. MORTON. J move to take from the
table House joint resolution No. 10.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
Mr. MORTON. It is in regard to the Mem-
phis and El Paso railroad.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to take up for consideration
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 40) granting the
right, of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific railroad, from El Paso to the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. HOWE. I want to make an appeal to
i the Senator from Indiana. I'or a week past I
have been trying to get the Senate to consider
I a bill simply to extend the time to complete a
