1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
43) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved .Tune 3, 1864, is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole ; and the pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of
the Senator from North Carolina, I desire to
offer an amendment to the part of the bill pro-
posed to be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the part of the bill
proposed to be stricken out by the Senator from
Massachusetts. The Vice President was not
in the chair when the bill was before the Sen-
ate the last day when it was considered ; but
this motion is in order as he understands the
parliamentary condition of the bill. It is to
amend the part proposed to be stricken out
by the Senator from Massachusetts : and his
amendment and the amendment to the amend-
ment must be reserved until the section is
perfected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have my amend-
ment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Ohio will be read.
The Chief Cleric read the amendment, which
was, in line twenty-five of the fourth section, to
strike out the words "pro rata with banks"
and insert "with the banks having a circu-
lation exceeding §1.000,000 in States having
an excess of circulation, and withdrawing
one third of their circulation in excess ot
$1,000,000, and then proceeding pro rata
with banks having a circulation exceeding
$100,000."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that this
amendment is proposed after a consultation
with the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Comptroller ol the Currency. The effect ot it
is to commence the reduction or withdrawal of
currency in States which have an excess, by
applying it first to banks having a circulation
of over one million dollars, and withdrawing
from them one thiid of their excess of circula-
tion,and then next applying it to banks having
a circulation of over one hundred thousand dol-
lars and applying the pro rata.rule to them.
The purpose is to make the withdrawal fall
heaviest on those banks having the largest cir-
culation, to carry out the idea suggested by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] the other day. It is believed that
this will create less embarrassment and confine
the operation of the fourth section to a much
fewer number of banks, and be more satisfac-
tory in its application.
1 do not know that any further explanation
is necessary. The amendment seeks to accom-
plish the purpose which I have stated. It will
be necessary to make another amendment also
in another line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 believe this amend-
ment is the same in principle with the amend-
ment proposed the other day by the Senator
from Vermont and rejected by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. With an addition apply-
ing it to banks having a circulation of more
than one million dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It changes the maxi-
mum amount; it begins with banks of that
lar<*e circulation, and I do not see but that the
operation of it will be substantially the same
as is proposed. Y\ hat will be the effect of it ?
The fourth section of the bill as it stands
applies to States alone which have the largest
excess of circulation. It begins with those.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is left the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; that is not left,
the same.
Mr. SHERMAN". The provision making
the first withdrawal from banks having more
than one million dollars of circulation applies
to all those States which have an excess under
the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly. I was about
to say that the principle of the section as it
now stands is to begin with States having the
largest excess of circulation. There are sev-
eral States which have an excess of circulation,
bat a very small excess comparatively, and
which absolutely require all and more than
all the circulation they now have. What is
the effect of this amendment? It takes some
few banks in three or four States which have
more than one million dollars and applies to
them. That does not amount to a great deal;
but it takes off one third from them. That
would not begin to raise the amount required.
It then, without making a distinction of those
having the largest excess, takes all which have
an excess at all and applies to banks of a cer-
tain amount of capital. Look at the mode in
which it operates. The State of Massachusetts
has—I forget what amount of excess.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirty-nine millions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty-nine millions.
The State of Maine has about a million and a
half of excess.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Maine has no
excess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, she has.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not according to the state-
ment I have. I saw a list of the banks this
would affect. The $1,000,000 clause affects
some eight or nine banks, and none of them
outside the States of New York, Massachusetts,
Connecticut, and Rhode Island; and the second
clause, as to $100,000 banks, affects only the
three States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Rhode Island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is not so par-
ticularly interesting to me ; but I had the im-
pression—I was told so by the Comptroller of
the Currency—that Maine had an excess, but a
very small excess, comparatively speaking. I
know the fact well that she has not enough to
enable us to do our business. We are exceed-
ingly pressed for circulation ; and the people
who do business there under the new system—
they got along very we'll under the old with
their State banks—arc obliged to go to Massa-
chusetts and New York in order to get accom-
modation. Now, the principle as it stands of
taking the money from those which have the
largest excess until it is brought down to the
measure of the others is just so iar as it is
just to interfere at all.
If you interfere at all you ought to confine
yourself to those, because they have been so
very excessive in amount. They are the States
to give up, if any. 1 should be unwilling to
I have anj' part of it apply to ray own State,
I because I know we have difficulties there now.
j They may not be very great. I do not know.
I how much the excess is exactly, but I think
i something like a million and a halt, it I have
i been correctly informed. Now, 1 do not wish
that a rule should be applied which takes cir-
culation from banks having over one hundred
thousand dollars, indiscriminately, without
reference to the excess that has been left in
I those several States, thus affecting the State
I which I represent. Therefore, if it is to have
i that operation, I do not like the amendment so
well as the bill as it stands. I state frankly
'! the reason why I do not, that if it Is just at
I1, all to interfere with those privileges which have
/, been granted—and I do not think it is—the
jj nearest approximation you can make to justice
jl about it. is to take circulation from those which
!; have so very much more than they want and i
I than their proportion is, and very likely more j
I than they absolutely need, for I am very much ,
! inclined to think that the currency which is ;
held in some ol these States is used pretty
'i largely by way of loans to other States where j
|! there is less. I do not know how the fact is, i
i; but it has been so stated. If the honorable ;
Senator from Ohio can convince me that it ;
will not affect my own State, of course it is a i
matter of indifference to me, except upon the !
general principle which rule is applied, that >
of the bill or that of the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course I j
have notgone into these computations, because
the rule proposed here depends upon a com- !
pound ratio, one half according to population,
and the other half according to the taxable value
of property, and I cannot tell what is the pre-
cise proportion; but I feel quite sure that nonet
of it comes from the State of Maine, for the
reason that, according to the table I have before
me, Maine has $12 43 per capita, if the wJiole
was distributed according to population, and
if the property of Maine is valued per capita
as much as the general value throughout
the United States, it could not affect the
State of Maine, because the whole amount is
$300,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have seen a table
somewhere which states the amount each State
is entitled to under the operation of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can state in regard
to it is that the Comptroller of the Currency
suggested this plan as a mode of relieving the
smaller banks, and said that this would not go
beyond certain large banks in the city of New-
York, who are comparatively indifferent about
their circulation, and banks in the States that
had the greatest excess of circulation. Indeed,
he gave me a list of the banks, and I am sorry
1 did not bring it along. It will affect the First
and Fourth National, and the Bank of Com-
merce, and some other large banks in New
York, which will be compelled to withdraw a
portion of their circulation; but really the circu-
•lation of those banks is of little account, and
under the old system they had none. This is
simply a legal advantage they ha,ve and enjoy,
because nobody redeems bank bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as that goes
the amendment is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not take circula-
tion from any Stale where there is not an
excess of bank circulation. It is a matter of
indifference to me, however. I proposed this
to relieve the smaller banks in States that are
affected by it for the purpose of easing the'
operation of this bill, if possible ; and 1 con-
sulted the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Comptroller of the Currency, both of whom
are familiar with all the details of the banks,
and they suggested this rule as being one that
would relieve them from the possible hardship
of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator state
what pari, of the $20,000,000 will be taken
from banks having over $1,000,000 of circula-
tion each ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think about three and
three quarter millions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would leave more
than sixteen million dollars to be taken from
the others?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not being confined to
those States which have the largest excess.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
The rule as to the $1,000,000 banks, the very
large banks, is confined to States that have any
excess, the other rule, as to banks of over
$100,000 circulation, is confined to States that
have the greatest excess. In that respect the
bill is not altered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the case there
is no change.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Secretary will read
it again the Senator will find that it is very
carefully worded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the section be read
as it will stand if the amendment be adopted.
The Chief Clerk. If the fourth section be
amended as proposed it will read, beginning in
line twenty:
The Comptroller of the Currency shall, under the
direction ot tho Secretary ot the Treasury, make a
statement showing the amount of circulation in each
St-ste sinrt tho amount tobe retired by each bank in
accordance with this section ; and shall, when circu-
lation is required, make a requisition tor such amount
upon such banks, commencing with the banks having'
a circulation exceeding SI,000,000in States havi ng an
. excess of circulation, and withdrawing one third 01
' their circulation in exoefS of #1,000,000, and then pro-
ceeding 2>ro rata with banks having a circulation
cxceedma $100,000 in States having th e largest excess
ol circulation, and reducing the circulation ot banks
in States having tho greatest proportion m excess,
leaving undisturbed th© banks m States having a
smaller proportion until those in greater excess have
b een reduced to the same grade, and continuing thus
