THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March BO,
to make the reduction provided for by this act until
the full amount of $20,000,000 herein provided for
shall he withdrawn; and the circulation so with-
drawn shall be distributed among the States and
Territories having less than their proportion, and so
as to equalize the distribution of such circulation
among such States and Territories upon the basis
provided by this act.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. As read now the objec-
tion I made is obviated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment moved by the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another amend-
ment necessary to carry out the idea. In line
seven of the fourth section, I move to strike
out the words "pro rata" and insert " as
herein providedso as to make the provision
read:
And the circulation herein authorized shall within
one year, if required, be withdrawn as herein pro-
vided from banks," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.] The amendments will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Wilson, which is to strike out the fourth -
section of the bill after the enacting clause,
and insert:
That so much of section twenty-two of the act
approved June 3, A.D.1864, entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the redemp-
tion and circulation thereof," as limits the amount
of circulating notes to be issued to banking associa-
tions under said acttoiKJOO.OOO.OOOis hereby repealed;
but the amount of notes to be issued under said aot
to banking associations shall not exceed $350,000,000.
And the increase of circulating notes hereby author-
ized shall be distributed among the States and Ter-
ritories having less of circulating notes than an equal -
proportion according to population, and so as to
equalize the distribution of such circulation among
such States and Territories on the basis of population.
And be it further enarted. That whenever tho
amount of United States notes and circulating notes
of national banks combined shall be in excess of
$650,000,000 the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized and required to fund in ten-forty bonds United
States notes to the extent of such excess, until the
amount of saidnotes outstanding shall be reduced to
$306,000,000.
The amendment of Mr. Pool was next read,
being to strike out of Mr. Wilson's amend-
ment all after the word "repealed," in line
eight, section ons, and insert the following
And in consideration of the banking privileges
granted by said act the United States bonds which
may be hereafter transferred and delivered to the
Treasurer of the United States as a pledge, accord-
ing to the provisions of said act, shall, during tho
time they remain so pledged, draw in terest at the rate
of no more tban three per cent, per annum, and no
greater rate of interest shall be paid on the same for
the time during which they remain so pledged. And
all such bonds which have been already transferred
and delivered to the Treasurer of the United States
as a pledge, according to the provisions of said act,
shall, from and after the 1st day of January, A. D.
1870, draw interest at the rate of no more than three
per cent, per annum for the time during which they
thereafter remain so pledged, and no greater rate of
interest shall be paid on the same for said time.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, it is admitted
on all hands that the distribution of the na-
tional currency under the banking laws is very
Hnequal and unjust. It is further admitted
that injury and depression to the industries of
various sections of the country is the conse-
quence. But it may be well to call attention
more forcibly to the magnitude of this inequal-
ity of distribution and to the extent of the
ruinous effects of it upon the labor and busi-
ness operations of the southern States.
In the first place it must be borne in mind
that the tax on banks chartered under State
laws is an absolute prohibition. This makes
the whole banking facilities of the country de-
pend on the national banking system. It would
seem too evident for discussion that it is a
matter of the greatest importance and of the
first consideration that this system which pro-
hibits the States from taking any steps for
their own relief should be just and equal not
only in its provisions, but in its practical appli-
cation. Yet, so far from its being so, it is
manifestly the most partial, unjust, and op-
pressive measure in its operation that was ever
on the statute-book of any nation pretending
to justice and uniformity in its laws.
All other banking institutions being pro-
hibited, this national system limits the bank-
ing circulation to $300,000,000. Any limita-
tion by law would be unwise and necessarily
oppressive in its operation. The banking capi-
tal of a country should be limited only by the
legitimate requirements of business. But if a
limitation can be defended atall, certainly it must
be guarded by stringent provisions rigidly en-
forced to regulate the distribution of the amount
allowed accordingto some equitable rule, secur-
ing to all sections of the country a share in
its benefits proportioned to their respective
, wants. If for extraordinary reasons enough
for all must be refused what is allowed should
be guarded against monopoly.
i The present banking system of this country
! not only fails to prescribe and carry out any
such rule of justice and fair dealing, but actu-
ally offers a premium and inducement to the
employment of an excessive amount of bank-
ing capital in those localities which by superior
activity and promptness or by special favor
could secure the lion's share. If the interest
on the bonds required to be deposited had been
stopped during the time they remain pledged
in the hands of the Treasurer, instead of
§101,519,000, New England would to-day have
probably not one half that amount, and yet
have amply sufficient for all its business re-
quirements. Had the law required that the
interest on the deposited bonds should be re-
duced one half while on deposit there would
have been very nearly a like result. Then the
amount sought by any section would have been
regulated by its business requirements, and not
by the prospect of great gains to the associa-
tions themselves by the addition of the heavy
interest on the bonds to the ordinary profits
of banking.
Such being the unguarded and reckless fea-
tures of the system, who can wonder at the
results? Let us look at them. The whole
amount of circulation allowed is $300,000,000.
The six New England States, with only one
tenth of the population of the country, have
absorbed of this amount $104,549,23-1—more
than one third of the whole. The six New
England States, with New York, Pennsylvania,
and New Jersey, have absorbed $221,573,047,
leaving to the other twenty-seven States and all
the Territories only $78,427,953. The New
England States have an average of about twenty-
six dollars per head of their entire population,
while, if the distribution of the balance were
equal among all the other States and Territo-
ries. they would have less than six dollars per
head. But the distribution of the balance is
not equal. Perhaps of the southern States not
one has more than one dollar per head, and
some of those States even a less amount. Can
such a system as this be defended? Cau such
results be allowed to stand ?
Permit me again to repeat that if the States
were allowed to provide a remedy for them-
selves the complaints against this gross and
ruinous injustice would be less. Reduce or
stop the exorbitant interest on the bonds and
the southern States will not wrangle for a par-
ticipation in your banking system, if you will
allow each, as always before the war, to have
its own banks and provide for itself.
In the few remarks which I submitted upon
this subject on a previous occasion I adverted
to the great injury and obstruction to the in-
dustrial and business interests of the southern
States produced by the absolute and arbitrary
prohibition of banking facilities in them. But
the extent of this is still imperfectly understood
by the Senate, and indeed it can scarcely be
realized or appreciated by anyone not informed
in regard to it by actual observation and expe-
rience.
The results of the war left that whole section
of country destitute of a circulating medium.
By confederate laws the circulation of United
States currency was prohibited, and by con-
federate practices the possession of United
States currency was treated as an act of trea-
son and a high crime. The gold in possession
of individuals was taxed in kind, and so high
as to compel the holder to dispose of it, that
it might be sent abroad to purchase supplies
and the munitions of war. The State banks
were so involved with the confederate govern-
ment that at the end of the war their bills
were nearly worthless and would not answer
at all as a currency. The confederate money,
as it was called, was of course worthless. The
State bonds, held by individuals, were so de-
preciated that it would have been ruin to throw
them upon the market to raise money. Bonds
and stocks and deposits in the northern States
owned by citizens of the insurgent States were
confiscated.
Thus the people of those States were left
without money or the means of raising it un-
less they could avail themselves of some means
of credit in the States of the North. But this
credit was and is still difficult to establish among
strangers distant from and unacquainted with
the property upon which it must be based.
With the masses of the people, even mostof the
large landholders, it is absolutely impracticable
and impossible. Were banks or banking asso-
ciations located in their more immediate vicin-
ity, managed by men informed of the circum-
stances and solvency of individuals, the facilities
and benefits derived from such institutions
would be within the reach of thousands now
entirely cut off from them. This is an answer
to the poetical theory advanced by some Sen-
ators, that money is like water, running down
hill, seeking of its own accord those locali-
ties where it is most sought and will pay the
best interest. However plausible and con-
soling the theory, in practice it is a fallacy.
Men must be able to establish credit before
they can avail themselves of the benefits of
banking capital. Those who may find it quite
easy to establish this credit at home often find
it impossible to do so abroad.
This natural but unexampled scarcity of
money in the southern States unfortunately
occurred under circumstances which rendered
it peculiarly embarrassing and ruinous. By
the misiortunes of war productive fields were
neglected or laid waste, buildings and fences
destroyed, farming stock seized by one army
or another, or impressed for the rebel service,
and agricultural implements worn out or
destroyed; and, worse than all, the whole
system of labor was suddenly subverted and
i changed.
j Under such circumstances the people of the
I recently insurgent States began the task of
| rendering again productive that great and fer-
j tile region and of making it conducive to the
! general wealth and financial prosperity of this
t nation. But they found the banking capital
, of the country "limited by law and absorbed by
: other sections and a positive prohibition
| against any relief being afforded by their re-
spective States—two provisions of law pre-
viously unknown to the legislation of this
country ingeniously combined to perpetuate
the embarrassments of their situation.
But, now, with the reconstruction policy of
Congress and all the conditions required by the
Government accepted by them in good faith
and put into practical operation, with their Sen-
ators and Representatives in the councils of
the nation, and their States admitted to abso-
lute equality in the Union, they feel that justice
should be accorded to them for the sake of jus-
tice itself as well as for the common welfare of
the whole country, which is dependent upon the
prosperity, advancement, and jDioductiveness
of its several parts. They hear la desire ex-
pressed to secure the balance of trade in our
favor, to Return to specie payment, to place the
nation ujSon a sound and satisfactory financial
basis, and none more earnestly than they would
strive for the attainvilent of such a result. They
feel that they must be laborers in this great
work, and that it can never be accomplished
without the aid of the products of their favored
climate and soil. Sir, justice and interest are
