1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
seems to me, is to be oar fate; such is the
tendency of the nation.
I did not intend when I rose to say so much
as I have, but I am anxious that a partial
step toward reform shall be accomplished by
the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from North Carolina. Capital is
always vigilant. Bank capital looks out for
its own interests always. But who is to look
to the interests of the great people who have
to pay for the grand privilege over which this
struggle is going on ? Sir, we should not for-
get their lights. They are burdened enough
already with taxation. If these banks were
discontinued the $330,000,000 of bonds that
are now on deposit could be, and ought to be,
under some easy and simple system, converted
into non-interest-bearing United States notes,
and then let that be the basis for banking and
give everybody a chance to bank upon that
capital.
But we see propositions presented in con-
nection with this bill to increase the interest-
bearing indebtedness of the nation ; to even
transform $.50,000,000 of the non-interest-bear-
ing indebtedness, your recognized money, into
interest-bearing indebtedness; and that has
been' sustained by the argument of the distin-
guished Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and by others. That, it seems to me, is a
proposition wholly uncalled for, and is in pre-
cisely the wrong direction. Instead of going
further in the wrong direction, we ought to
retrace steps and come back to sounder prin-
ciples, if we can see them.
That the southern States are in need of bank-
ing capital there is no question; that some
States in the West require more circulation is
clear. But if the national banks were discon-
tinued or thrown out of existence there would
be a chance for the people in the South and the
West, as much as for the people of New Eng-
land, to avail themselves of whatever privilege
of banking they might be able to avail them-
selves of by having the common money of the
country.
We are told that the State banks were driven
out of existence in order to give place to the
national banking system. Suppose they were ;
there is no reason why they should be suc-
ceeded by so heavy a burden on the public as
this great privilege which draws out of the tax-
payers, as I said, $18,000,000 of gold a year.
But, sir, I will not continue my remarks fur-
ther at this time, lest we should fail to dispose
of the subject at this sitting, for which all are
anxious.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I did not
propose to debate this question at all; and
should not have risen now but tor the remarks
that the Senator from California has just
addressed to the Senate on this subject. He
will permit me to say that, while I have the
very greatest respect for liim, he always sur-
prises me when he" undertakes to discuss
financial questions, coming as he does from
California, the golden State, and being an hon-
ored member of the Republican party, which
clings to good faith in the discharge of all
public obligations. I confess I cannot con-
ceive where he gets his peculiar financial
notions. He need not have said that lie was
in favor of destroying the national banks when
he proposed to vote for the amendment offered
by the Senator from North Carolina. What
is that amendment ? To reduce the interest on
the bonds now deposited in the Treasury of
the United States by the banks to three per
cent. What result would that bring about ?
These banks pay to the Government two per
cont. for the privileges that they have under
the banking law. That would leave them only
cm! per cent, interest on the bonds deposited ;
and the moment the bonds are deposited for
bankingpurposeswiih the Treasurer the whole
capital becomes subject to local taxation, and
the average amount of local taxation is some-
thing like two to two and a half per cent. more.
If the banks are to pay the national Govern-
ment two per cent, of taxation and two and
a half per cent, of local taxation, and have the
rate of interest on their bonds reduced to three
per cent., they will be virtually giving one and
a half per cent, for the privilege of circulating
ninety per cent, of their own money, or ten
per cent, less than they would have without
banking privileges. Of course the Senatorfrom
California is in favor of this amendment, be-
cause it brings about not only the destruction
of this proposed increased amount of capital
which is offered by the present bill, but it
brings about also a destruction of all that has
already been heretofore authorized. No new
banks would or could be organized under such
restrictions, and such as have been would be
at. once surrendered and wound up.
The Senator unquestionably meant to state
what was the fact in relation to this matter, in
saying that the circulation of the national banks
was a burden of $18,000,000 a year to the Gen-
eral Government; but is that so ? If they are
six per cent, bonds there must be $300,000,000
of them deposited, and that would amount to
$18,000,000, which they receive as interest.
They are not, however, all six per cent, bonds;
part are only five per cent. But were not all
those bonds due from the Government before
they were deposited? Certainly they were.
The parties who had these bonds either sub-
scribed for or bought them and paid for them.
The expense of the Government is not in-
creased one dollar thereby on account of the
creation of national banks. The Government
owed the debt before ; and all that the Govern-
ment has done is to assert and exercise the
exclusive privilege of granting such banking
privileges as were formerly solely granted by
the several States, and thereby appropriating
whatever revenue is obtainable from such
grants. Take the case of my own State. We
in Vermont sank more than the entire bank-
ing capital of our State in the extra pay that
we paid our volunteer soldiers in addition
to what was paid by the Government, paying
them from the State treasury seven dollars a
month and considerable bounties; and yet
when we were forced to take the national sys-
tem of banking—and our State and our peo-
ple surrendered their old and well-established
system of banking with great reluctance—we
only got about one half the circulation under
the national system we enjoyed before. But
still wo have an excess in proportions the
whole amount for the entire Union, for our
population is small and our wealth not great,
and therefore, if this bill passes, some portion
of that excess will be withdrawn from us, and
it will be a very great inconvenience, because
we have not. even now, more than about one
half what we found by experience it was con-
venient to have heretofore. The national
Government charters banks to issue calcula-
tion and then refuses to surrender the field,
but floats a larger circulation than all the
banks it has chartered.
But when the Senator from California rep-
resents that the interest paid on the bonds
owned by the banks is a loss to the Govern-
ment of $18,000,000 he is most certainly mis-
taken. As I have said, this debt was owing
by the Government before. We have that
money to pay whether the banking privileges
are conceded or not. The only question is
whether we ask enough of these banking insti-
tutions for the privileges which we grant them.
I think the terms are much more onerous than i
were ever imposed by any State before, and
the privileges much less. I cannot suppose
that any Republican Senator proposes to pay
off the bonds held by the banks by a fresh
batch of greenbacks ; and yet that is the only
obvious mode of saving the interest on them.
But, Mr. President, my voice, on account
of a sore throat, is in no tune to-day to talk on
this subject. I only wish to call attention to
the fact that so far as this amendment is con-
cerned, as proposed by the Senator from Noith
Carolina, it will have the effect to defeat not
only the proposed addition to our banking
cauital, but will destroy what we now have.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from California has declared, with assurance
and pride, that in California banking is free;
that they banked upon gold.
Mr. MORRILL. And the rate of interest
they pay is from twenty to thirty per cent, a
year.
Mr. WILSON. I have listened to the Sen-
ator from California during the past year: I
have seen his votes; and I have come to the
conclusion that if his policy prevails no other
State will ever bank on gold ; we will have a
system of irredeemable paper money fastened
upon the country for all time. He has per-
sistently advocated not only the retention of
the present amount of greenbacks, but the
increasing of that amount, when he knows, and
every man in the country knows, that what
stands directly in the way of the resumption of
specie payments is S350,000,000 in greenbacks.
He knows, and I know, and'every man in this
country knows, that while we have $356,000,000
of irredeemable greenbacks in this country we
never will have a restoration of specie pay-
ments ; and the men who advocate that policy
mean that we shall not have it. Many of the
men who advocate this policy frankly declare
they never desire to have specie payments
resumed.
The Senator talked about privileges, about
this struggle for the privileges of backs. Sir,
I care nothing about the privileges of banks.
I own not a dollar in any bank, and care noth-
ing about them. I have 110 interest in tlietn ;
but I have an interest and the people of my
State have an interest in taking care of the
varied business interests of the State and of the
country. I oppose this reduction, not in the
name of t.lio banks of Massachusetts, for I do
not care a farthing whether they make one or
two per cent, more or less, but I oppose it in
the interest of the merchants, the manufac-
turers, the mechanics, and the workingmen of
Massachusetts. The business interests of that
State, amounting, as they do, to five orsixhtm-
dred million dollars annually, will be affected
more or less by the passage of this bill. In the
name of the business interests of the State, in
the name of the men wdio are laboring for
wages, I oppose this disturbance of the bank-
ing system, which will be felt around every
hearthstone in that Commonwealth of toibrs.
Sir, when the civil war broke out Massachu-
setts had $04,000,000 of banking capital. Her
banks were sound banks. Their bills circu-
lated all over this country ; everybody felt, safe
in taking them, because we had a sound bank-
ing system. We knew nothing of the beauties
of the " wild-cat" currency of portions of the
West.
Mr. SPUAGUE. Does the gentleman know
how much circulation there was?
Mr. WILSON. I do.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to have him
state it.
ill-. WILSON. About twenty two million
dollars. It did not vary a great deal from that
amount.
Now, sir, this banking system, so sound, so
safe, so adapted to the needs of the people,
was ours. They had banks in other portions
of the country. When the war came many ot
those banks failed, while our banking system
lived. It met our wants ; it was adapted to our
interests. We were a manufacturing, ameclian-
ical, a commercial, and a laboring people.
We wanted more banking capital; we wanted
more circulation ; we required more money
than an agricultural section of the country re-
quired. The idea of measuring the amount of
active or banking capital or of circulatioa
jj according to population is a perfectly delusive,
an absurd, and unjust one. Some States need
i! many times more capital and more circulation
I than other Slates of equal populations. Some
;i townships want five times more, in proportion
ij to population, than other townships. lake
| an active mechanical, manufacturing peopie,
j working for wages in those pursuits, and tha-t
: people needs capital, circulation, money, ana
!! must have it. Au agricultural community
needs but little capital or circulation, and uses
'i but very little. There are towns m Massachu-
