356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
setts lying side by side of about equal popula-
tions ; one town uses ten dollars where the
other uses one dollar, and absolutely needs it.
It is so all over the country. What is true of
townships is true of States, and is true also
with individuals. The theory upon which we
founded this national banking system is ab-
surd. and if it is to be carried out, is to be
adhered to, it is despotic and oppressive beyond
measure. Iowa, Nebraska, and Kansas have
quite as many people as Massachusetts. Is
commercial, manufacturing, and mechanical
Massachusetts, with hundreds of thousands of
toilers for wages in varied industries, to have
no more banking circulation than those agri-
cultural States ? Can absurdity further go ?
Can any system be more oppressive than this ?
Sir, the only sound theory upon which you
can maintain the- natio-nal banking system is
that of free banking. Then banks will be
created where they are needed; then capital
will go where it is wanted; then banks that are
needed and well managed will stand, and banks
that are built up in a day where they are not
needed will perish in a day.
I do not say that the claim made by the
Senator from North Carolina is unjust. It is
just; and I should be ashamed here or else-
where to defend the present unequal system.
I desire to say a word to our friends from the
southern States and from the western States—
the States outside of Ohio and Indiana. I
expect little from those States. Our Repub-
lican friends were stampeded by Pendleton two
years ago ; and whenever mention is made of
greenbacks or bonds, they show signs of alarm
in Ohio and Indiana. The rest of the western
country have never been so alarmed.
We have had more foolish things said and
more ridiculous utterances from the State of
Ohio and the State of Indiana during the last
three years, since Pendleton stampeded our
Republican friends, than in all the rest of the
world besides. I expect nothing from Ohio
and Indiana until our Republican friends get
sane again, as I hope they will soon. But 1
ask the men from Iowa, Minnesota, Michigan,
and Kansas, and I ask our southern friends,
while they demand, as they have the right to
demand and should demand, that they shall
have an increase of banking capital and circu-
lation, not for the purposes of making money
by banking, but for the purpose of disclosing
their business interests, let us of Massachu-
setts alone. We shall have an opportunity to
test their liberality. In this Congress and out
of this Congress, everywhere and on all occa-
sions, I have striven to build up their section
of the country. I will give to it all that I
will ask for my own section. Sir, we had
55(i4.000,000 of banking capital in Massachu-
setts. The war came on. Our banks were
forced to go into the national system or perish.
These banking institutions were adapted to our
needs. We had no agricultural lands ; we had
no mines; we had nothing. God had given
us little; but we had contrived somehow to
establish manulactuies, the mechanic arts,
commeiue, industrial pursuits, until we had
something over one thousand million dollars of
property. We earned about five hundred mil-
lion dollars a year by our various industries.
V/e sent one hundred and fifty-five thousand
men into the war, of whom fourteen or fifteen
thousand were killed, and thousands more
were wounded. We paid $20,000,000 out of
the treasury of the State, most of which we
owe now, to men whose wages were necessary
for the support of their families to go into the
war. It costs a people who depend upon their
mechanical industries and the labor of their
hands more to go to war than it does a purely
agricultural people. A man may leave his farm;
the sun will shine and the dews and rains will
fall for him ; his grasses will grow, his cattle
will thrive, and his property, with little labor,
will support his family. The man who earns
a few hundred dollars a year for the support of
his family, when he is taken away his family
bas to he cared for. Nothing grows for them
while he is away from his place of toil. That
was the condition of most of our people in New
England, and they sacrificed much for their
country.
Sir, we have a straight jacket upon us in the
form of a banking system limited to $300,-
000,000, distributed under a peculiar condition
of things at a time when several of the States
were out of the Union, when most of the new
States of the West had no banks and had no
money to establish banks. Now we want a
new distribution. Let us have it. We ought to
have it. Instead of my amendment providing
for $50,000,000, it ought to be $100,000,000.
Let us have a redistribution. Let the South
and the West have hanks; let them have an
increase of circulation. Reduce your green-
backs $50,000,000 or $100,000,000 and allow
that increase of bank-note circulation. What
does it cost? It costs about one and a half
per cent, on the amount of circulation. Your
taxation, as you have been told, amounts to
four and a half per cent., and so it costs the
difference between that amount and six per
cent. Why not do this? Why not be just?
Why not be liberal ? Why strike a blow at an
industrious, toiling, struggling people, who, if
we are to rely on the statements of the Senator
from Rhode Island, are about perishing?
Sir, I am not among those who believe that
the country is perishing. There is not a sec-
tion in the loyal States that -is not richer now
tnau it was ten years ago. Is there a city that
is not growing? There is hardly a great in-
terest that is not greater now than it was then.
The country is increasing in material pros-
perity, increasing in power and in intellectual
force, and in morals, too. Those whom Mr.
Lincoln was wont to call the "plain folks,"
the farmers, the mechanics, the moderate busi-
ness men, make up the great body of our peo-
ple. They stand upon their own acres ; they
toil in their varied avocations and labor at
their many callings; they build the school-
houses ; they send their children to school;
they build the churches of the living God ;
they fill those churches ; they are more intelli-
gent, more wealthy, more moral, more power-
ful than ever before. They carry the country
on their shoulders. It is for that people that
I stand here to day to oppose this oppressive
proposition. I want to see the toiling men
who are engaged in business left during the
year undisturbed. If they are let alone I ex-
pect Massachusetts to add $50,000,000 this
year to the accumulated capital of the people.
Sir, I ask the Senator from North Carolina
who has indicated his willingness to vote for
this $50,000,000, I ask the Senators from that
section of the country to do the just if not the
liberal thing. I ask those gentlemen to take
$50,000,000 for banking circulation for their
section of the country. If they do not wish to
vote to fund $50,000,000 of greenbacks, let
them vote to retire them. We shall have dur-
ing the year to come, if we have good crops
and no great calamity befalls the country,
$50,000,000 of receipts more than our expendi-
tures. Let the receipts over our expenditures
be used to retire these greenbacks. My ori-
ginal amendment proposed to retire greenbacks
without stating how we might retire them.
Mr. MORTON. Whichare you for, retiring
or funding?
Mr. WILSON. I would retire them if I had
the means to do so. I would retire or fund
the greenbacks. 1 would do any reasonable
thing to get the greenbacks out of the way ;
for when we get a greenback out of the way
we have taken one step toward giving this
country a sound currency. If we could get our
greenbacks down to $150,000,000 we might
redeem them in gold. Then wecould force our
banks to enter upon the policy of resumption,
no matter what the cost might be. I am not
to be governed by banks or any other interest.
I would compel these banks to redeem their
notes at some central point or points in green-
backs now. I would compel them to put
themselves in a position to resume specie pay-
ments, if it cost every dollar they made, during
the next three years. Banks are instruments
of commerce, of mechanic arts, of manufac-
tures, of industries. They are to be used in
the interests of labor ; and so far as they can
be used in the interests of labor and of pro-
ductive industries I am for cherishing them.
When they fail to be the instruments of pro-
duction, of labor, and become the mere organ-
izations of capital, I cherish them no longer.
Sir, Senators may put this amendment in
any form, either of funding or retiring. You
can fund greenbacks or retire them. Our
receipts this year over our appropriations, if
we have an ordinary year of prosperity and
the revenues are collected more honestly than
they have been heretofore, will give the money
to retire the $50,000,000 of greenback circu-
lation. If not, what is the interest on a few
million dollars, more or less? We earn in this
country $15,000,000 every working day of the
year; $90,000,000 a week; $5,000,000,000 a
year. Anything that disturbs that production
for a few days throws away many million dol-
lars. What we need is a sound currency and
a wise financial policy. There are those who
are willing now to increase our circulation for
the purpose of avoiding the effects of this bill.
I do not think it wise to increase the circula-
tion of irredeemable paper, for I think we have
more now than is for the permanent interest of
the nation.
But detective as is our system this country
has not been ruined under it, and is not to be
ruined. The country will continue to grow in
prosperity and in power, will increase in intel-
ligence and in moral force. Its condition was
never so hopeful as it is now. I at least have
never had so much hope for the country as I
have now that it is free. Many interests are
temporarily depressed, but there is general
prosperity. Business men must learn to meas-
ure their profits, not by the enormous profits
of one or two years during the war, but by the
average profits of years. During the war farm-
ers, mechanics, laborers, merchants, manu-
facturers, all made a greatdeal of money, made
it suddenly. Since the war they have not been
able to make money as they did during the
war, and they have been fretting about it ever
since the war. The last four years were better
business years than the four years preceding
the war. In my judgment this nation, that
portion at least of it that was loyal to the coun-
try, has suffered, is now suffering, and will
continue to suffer more from prosperity than
from poverty. If this nation has been demoral-
ized it has been demoralized by prosperity
rather than adversity. It should be the effort
of all of us to protect the country from harm,
whether it comes from prosperity or adversity.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the plea is
now made that to take $20,000,000 circulation
from Massachusetts and the eastern States is
to oppress and disturb the working men and
interfere with the ordinary business of those
States. That would be-a consideration if it
were true. The first question to be considered
J is is it true ? Massachusetts has under this
system in actual circulation now $57,000,000.
Is it pretended that that money is actually cir
culating in Massachusetts, and that Massachu-
setts for her business requires that money?
If that is true, then there may be some force
in the argument of tlio Senator ; but it is not
true. There is an excess of circulation in
Massachusetts ; and where does that excess
go? It goes to the West and to the South,
but they have to pay for it. The banker in
Massachusetts first gets his interest, and the
man who gets the money of him to do business
on in the West and South then gets another
interest, and that makes two interests. If we
take this excess from Massachusetts that she
lends at a profit to the West and the South and
give it to the West and the South in the first
place, Massachusetts still has left all the circu-
lation that she needs for business, and all that
she loses is the interest on the money. That
does not. affect the working man, but it affects
the banker and the capitalist. The argument
of the Senator, to be good for anything, must
depend upon the fact that Massachusetts has
