1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
365
a bank and I have not the money there to
meet those obligations, and those obligations
are returned to me because I cannot meet
them, and I know not when I can pay them,
it is the most reasonable thing in the world
•when a creditor returns to me a check which
I cannot meet that I should give him my note
payable with interest. There is nothing more
common among business men, there is noth-
ing more just, there is nothing more honorable
and right; and why, I should like to know, is
this Government to be excluded from the
common rules by which men are judged to be
honest? Upon what principle should this
Government be exempt from paying interest
upon its obligations when it cannot meet those
obligations ? So that I think while the tax
will be increased in one sense yet the country
will not be dishonored ; on the contrary, it is
highly honorable in this nation to do what
would be justly required of an individual
debtor.
The plan which is proposed by the amend-
ment would place the new banks as near as
possible upon the same basis as the old. It
gives them bonds bearing six per cent, interest,
the same rate of interest. It may be inquired
why give as large an interest; why not issue
five per cent, bonds? The very reason why I
would not issue five per cent, bonds is that the
new banks may be placed on the same basis
as the old. These bonds also propose to have
fifteen years to mature. That, perhaps, is as
near the length of time as you can well determ-
ine in which the bonds now held by the banks
will mature; and therefore it is equitable in
that respect.
Then, there is a degree of freedom in it. The
South and the West may not be satisfied with
obtaining $30,000,000 of currency. You can-
not tell how long an equitable distribution of
$30,000,000 of currency, made now, would
continue to be equitable. This amendment
proposes $100,000,000, and surely that will
satisfy the public much longer than the limited
sum of $30,000,000. If this plan is carried
out there is, on the one hand, against it the
mere accumulation of interest against the Gov-
ernment of the United States; but opposite
that, it grants facilities for all the South and
West to enter into a banking business upon
the same footing with the old banks ; and if
you will carry out this measure it does not vio-
late public faith, nor does it cramp or curtail
the business of any section of the country.
These are the reasons why I propose this
amendment, and 1 hope it may meet the favor-
able consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out th  words "so many" in
the fifth line, and all the words after the word
'• notes," in that line, down to "dollars" in the
next line.
Several Senators. How will it read then?
Mr. HOWE, it will then read :
That to secure a better distribution of national
banians: currency in States and Teiritories ba-\ ing a
less banking circulation than their j«;o rata share
banking iinsociationsmay be organized in such States
a'nl Territories by funding in United States bonds
United States notes.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I accept the amend-
rc)Ct t\
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut accepts the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Then I want to move one
other amendment: in the sixteenth line, after
the word " annum," to insert the words "and
redeemable at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment so as to make the bonds payable in fif-
teen years and redeemable at the pleasure of
the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
accept that amendment?
Mr. IIOWE. That is the condition of the
other bonds. The other six per cent, bonds
were issued redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government after live years, and payable in
twenty years, the live years being now nearly
up with the last issue. I think these bonds
should be redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government at any time within fifteen years,
which wonld make them fall due about the
time the other bonds do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senator from Connecticut
does not accept the amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. As I understand it,
it places the new bonds very nearly on the
same footing with the old ones', andl accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, as modified.
Mr. HOWE. I move another amendment
to strike out all after the word "notes" in
the twenty-second line, which will be unneces-
sary. There is no distribution about it now.
The first proposition having been agreed to
these last words are unnecessary.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The only question
will be whether new associations will not be
organized in the old States, where there is
already a surplus. I want to avoid that, in
order to meet the pending necessities.
Mr. HOWE. They will be organized in the
old States when the deficient States are brought
up to par. That will be the effect of it. That
is my purpose. I do not want to have any
further distribution of this privilege of banking.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves to strike out all after
the word "notes" in the twenty-second line.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. _ I will consent to
almost anything in that direction, for I have
not a very high opinion of this idea of distri-
bution, I must say. I think this pro rata dis-
tribution of currency is about on a par with
the principle that one man is entitled to as
much property as another, and if he does not
have it there should be a division, but the
division would not last a good while.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Wisconsin that the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut,
at the Secretary's desk, has a manuscript ad-
dition which is not in the printed amendment,
and which will be stricken out if the Senator's
motion prevails.
Mr. HOWE. I have not seen that; let it be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the part in manuscript, being the
concluding portion of the proposed amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut.
The Chief Clerk. At the end of the printed
amendment are the following words, in manu-
script :
And it is hereby provided, that whenever any
banking association organized under this act or
whcncver any association already organized shall
increase its circulation under the provisions of this
act, and shall return any of its notes to the Treasury
of the United States for the puipose of reducing the
amount of circulation or of closing the business oi
such association, the Treasurer shall cancel so many
bonds deposited with him by sueh banking associa-
tion as shall equal the amountof bonds deposited
for the currency returned, first paying such associa-
tion the par value of the bonds so canceled.
Mr. HOWE. I did not intend to move to
strike out those words. I move to strike out
so much as follows the word 11 notes," in the
twenty-second line, to the end of the printed
part of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut as it has been modified.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered: and being taken,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlnw, Buckingham,
Corbett, Crngin, Ferry, Pessenden, Fowler, Bamhn,
liarlan, Howe, Morrill, Nye. Patterson, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Trumbull. Williams, and Wilson—11'.
WYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, P.oremaii, Cas-
serly, Oattell. Davis, Drake, Benton, Gilbert.Hariis,
Kcliogg, MeCreery, McDonald, Morton, Piatt, Kam-
sey, Bice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Yickers,
Warner, Willey, and Yates 30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Caiyi-utei, Chandler
Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Giimes, Hamilton, How-
ard, Norton, Osborn, Pool, Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stewart, and Thayer—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move this amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the thirtieth section
ofa-nact to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for.
the circulation and redemption thereof, approved'
June 3,186i, be amended by adding thereto the fol-
lowing proviso: " Provided further. That any sueh
association may receive as aforesaid interest at arato
not exceeding seven and a half per cent, wherever
a written contract to thaf^ effect ma.y be made and
entered into by the parties thereto."
I will explain the amendment in a very fow
words. The original act allowed the banks to
make any contract that they and their cus-
tomers agreed upon in regard to the rate of
interest, so that while the law in a particular
State might fix a given amount of interest a
national bank in that State was allo'wed to make
a bargain with its customers to receive more
than that. I am not aware that that was attended
with any evil or occasioned any complaint.
The law stood so for some years, and the banks
were in the habit of receiving from their cus-
tomers more interest than the laws ofthe States
provided for. The rate demanded for money
rendered it advisable that they should do so,
and it was paid without difficulty and without
complaint. A more recent law changed thatand
added a very strict and particular oath, so strin-
gent and so binding that the directors of a bank
in a State cannot by any contrivance whatever
avoid the provision and receive a higher rate
of interest than that fixed by the laws of the
State.
In many States this operates very badly.
Take my own State for example, where the
rate of interest is six per cent., but where the
banks up to a very recent period were iu the
habit of receiving more than six per cent, by
contracts with their customers. The result is
that capital must necessarily leave our State to
go into the neighboring State of Massachu-
setts, where it can be loaned at better rates.
I believe the law of Massachusetts now allows
any amount of interest that parties choose
to pay. What is the result? The result is
simply that people in Maine having money
to loan will not loan it there, but take it to
Massachusetts.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why do you not alter
your law ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because the people of
our State do not choose to do that. They hold
on to it, but it affects our business seriously.
It affects very badly the business of the town
where I reside and of other places.
What is the course that has been adopted,_ as
growing out of all of these difficulties which
have arisen from the want of circulation in our
State? A customer applies to a bank for a
loan. They are not able to accommodate him;
they have not got the amount to loan him.
What might they do if this restriction was
removed ? According to what they were iu the
habit of doing formerly they would take a
loan at a certain rate, say seven and a half per
cent. They cannot furnish it themselves, but
they guaranty that loan and pay a portion of
the money and borrow it in another State.
Cases have occurred where business people of
perfect credit in my own town have been com-
pelled absolutely to go into another State and
borrow money at twelve per cent., and have
done so profitably to themselves.
At this late hour of the day I do not wish to
go into an argument upon this subject. ^ I have
always been of opinion, and I still retain that
opinion, that money is, like everything else,
( worth what it will bring. But a majority of
people in our State are of a different opinion,
| and they hold on to six per cent, as the fixed
ii legal rate, and the result is very injurious^ to
'j business there. Now, I see no harm ingoing
!l back to the original proposition on which tins
system was founded. We fixed the general
;j rate of interest of the banking bill onginat y
j! at the rate allowed by the laws of the several
ij States, leaving to the customers and the banxs,
II if they' saw fit, to agree to more.
