THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 30,
have been about one tenth of the amount that
they asked for. I say, then, that they tran-
scended good faith, if there was any violation
of good faith, when they asked ten times as
much as they were entitled to.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question'?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. If it was the duly of
the eastern States to inquire as to the law what
tlieir rights and obligations were under the
law it was equally the right and the duty of
the western States to inquire what their privi-
leges under the law were. Now, I wish to
know of the Senator how it happened that the
New England States got the advantage of the
western States at the time to which he alludes?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the question. It
is because, according to their universal cus-
tom and characteristic, they asked for so much
more than they were entitled to. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. If they got it, I want
to know if it is in the mouth of the western
States now to take from them that which they
themselves were delinquent in securing at the
time ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that argument
too. The fact that the western States did not
ask for as much as they were entitled to did
not authorize New Eugland to ask for ten times
as much as she was entitled to. There is no
such rule of ethics as that. Now, I present
this view to silence this argument of a viola-
tion of faith and a withdrawal of pledged faith.
These is no such violation ; there is no such
withdrawal of a pledge made. The faith never
was pledged to the extent, or only to one tenth
the extent claimed. When New England was
invited and when all the States were invited
to go into this national banking system, they
had a definite, a precise, and a plainly com-
prehensible rule prescribed for the whole of
tliem. You were all to getas much of these cir-
culation notes as your population and your tax-
able property conjointly would authorize you to
have, and no more. Because three States of
New England had the conscience to ask for
ten times as much as they are entitled to, and
have enjoyed not the lion's share, but ton
lion's sliares, does it lie within the mouth of
New England now when she is asked to sur-
render up this enormous and wholly unjusti-
fiable advantage in the distribution of these
bank notes to raise a howl about a violation of
good faith ? If it was Kentucky that was mak-
ing such a clamor as this under similar cir-
cumstances, I should say her impudence tran-
scended the world. [Laughter.]
Mr. ABBOTT. Will the Chair please state
the question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring m the amendment made as
m Committee of the Whole, striking out
$20,000,000 and inserting $y0,0Q0,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. On this question I have
paired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] if I were at liberty to vote I
should vote "yea."'
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Colo, Oorbett, Davis, l^owJer, Gilbert, Italian,
llarris, Howe, McCreeiy, McDonald, Morton, Pool,
Pratt, ltamsey, Rice, Robertson, Boss, Sawvcr,
Sch urz. Spencer, Stock ton, Thurman, Tium bull, War-
ner, VVihey.and Yates—30.
A AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Casserly,
Cattell, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Hainlin, Morrill, Pat-
terson, Scott, Sherman, Viekcrs, Wuliams, and Wil-
son— lo.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
f onklmg, Edmunds, Penton, Eessenden, Grimes,
Hamilton, Howard, Kellogg. Norton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Bprague, Stewart, Sumner,
lha> er, and Tipton—21.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POOL. I move to amend the bill b>.
adding to the fourth section this proviso :
And prvt'ded further, That thereshallnot be issued
to any b. inking association more than $200,000 of cir-
culating' notes, nor to any banking association now
organized more than is reQuired to make theireutiro
circulation ®200,0o0.
My object in offering this amendment is to
prevent large banking associations from absorb-
ing the whole amount that is allowed us. The
amount is so small that I think it ought to be
divided up so that it will go in different sections
of each State. I think it is a matter of some
importance to the people of the southern States,
and it will give much more efficiency to the
relief this bill affords.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 20, noes 19.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina only applies
to new associations organized subsequently,
and not to banks already organized.
Mr. POOL. It cannot apply to existing
banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that itbe read again.
If there is any doubt about it I will move a
reconsideration.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Pool.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the Sen-
ate almost unanimously agree with the Senator
from North Carolina in the object he has in
view, that there shall be as many new banks
organized in the South as possible, and that
there shall be no large banks to monopolize the
whole circulation in a State. Perhaps it would
be better to insert the word " new."
Mr. POOL. If the Senator from Ohio will
think for a moment he will see tl>attbat is not
necessary. In North Carolina, for instance,
aud I suppose in the other southern States,
there are some banks already in existence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the Senator make
his amendment read "new circulation," and
1 shall have no objection.
Mr. POOL. I have no objection to that.
It cannot possibly apply to any other.
Mr. SHERMAN. Put in the words " new
circulation" in the last clause.
Mr. POOL. I think "redistribution" is a
better word. Of course it cannot apply to the
existing circulation ; it can only apply to that
which this section authorizes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
was agreed to, but has been since modified ; if
there be no objection it must be again restated
to the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That there shall not be issued
to any new banking association mo>e than $200,000
of circulating notes, nor to any banking association
now organised more of the ciicutation authorized by
this act than is required to make the'r entire circu-
lation $200,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to know what
the gentleman who introduced this amend-
ment, or the gentleman who aided in framing
it, really means by it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
as originally offered has been agreed to. If
the Senato-r from Maine moves to reconsider
it 
Mr. HAMLTN. I want to know what the
amendment means, and then I can tell whether
I want another vote taken on it or not.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire the question to be
taken on this amendment.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. It has been taken
and decided—ayes 20, noes 19.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that an
amendment about which there is a controversy
ought to be placed on this bill by so close a
vote. I will therefore move to reconsider it.
I voted for the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for no reconsideration
unless the amendment means this : if it means
that a bank now created with §1,000.000 of
bonds shall be. allowed only a circulation of
i'20J,000 I am opposed to it from beginning
to end. If, on the other hand, it means that
no bank created under the provisions of this
act shall possess capital enough to enable it to
issue bills beyond the amount there specified,
I have no objection whatever to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state what I under-
stand it to mean. The first clause is intended
to limit the organization of new banks to those
having a circulation of $200,000 and less. The
second clause is intended to prevent banks
with a larger capital already organized, but
which have no circulation, and there are many
of them as the Senate well know, from receiv-
ing more than $200,000 of the circulation with-
drawn under this section of the bill. That is
the purpose of it; and if tl at. is the purpose
and it is correctly worded, it is a very good
one in my judgment. But it seems to me on
the whole it would be better to let the bill go
without this amendment drawn up in this hur-
ried way ; and therefore I have moved to recon-
sider it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a very awkwardly ex-
pressed amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be
better expressed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was adopted as originally offered.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment; and the Sen-
ator from North Carolina modifies it so that it
shall read as follows :
And provided further, That there shall not be issued
to any new banking association more than $200,0'j0
of circulating notes, nor to any banking association
now organized more of the circulation issued under
this act than is required to make their entire circu-
lation $200,000.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am opposed to making
this distinction between the old banks and the
new ones, and 1 am opposed to placing this
restriction on the new banks that are to be
created. What is a bank of $200,000 in New
Orleans, in Charleston, or Mobile, in those
vast operations of business necessary to be car-
ried ont here? I think it will operate badly,
and hamper the new banks that are coming
into existence.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me tbattheie
should be a limitation to prevent the banks in
certain localities from taking up the entire
amount of this circulation. There is not suffi-
cient circulation to distribute in these various
States, and it is necessary to have a limitation
to enable small banks in the interior, where
they require circulation for the transaction of
business, and where the circulation is needed,
to obtain it. If you give to a few banks the
privilege of taking up in sums of one or two
million dollars of this circulation there is noth-
ing to hinder new banks from taking one, two,
or three millions of it, and consequently yon
leave the banks in the interior without any cir-
culation at all. If you give it in small amounts
to banks of $200,000 the excess of circulation
will flow to the centers, the large cities at any
rate, and consequently ali that it is necessary
to provide for is that the small banks in the
interior shall have a sufficient circulation. In
my opinion this is a very proper amendment..
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, the amount
allowed by this redistribution proposed by the
committee is not sufficient; it is much les?
than is really required in iho e States: and it
is principally for the benefit of the agricultural
interests of those States that the redistribution
is made at all. The object of this amendment
is lo prevent one or two banks from monopo-
lizing the whole share of a State. It is said
that a S200.0O0 bank in the city of New Or-
leans would be nothing. Suppose the State
of Louisiana under this distribution should get
!?1,000.000; is it right that one bank in the city
of New Orleans should monopolize the whole
of that amount? It ought to be divided up;
it ought to be put in dillerent banks scattered
through the various localities of the State, in
order to give efficiency to the remedy that is
sought to be provided. Why, sir, one or two
banks in Raleigh, the capital of my own State,
might monopolize the whole amount allotted
to the State of North Carolina; and how much
would that benefit the agricultural interests of
that State? The purpose is to confine the
bauks to $200,000 capital, so as to have the
