1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
when our paper and gold are slowly but surely
approaching each other in value, to debase the
minor coinage of the country to the amount
proposed by their bill?
Mr. KELLEY. As it is desirable tbat the
House should understand every point in con-
nection with this bill, I thank the gentleman
tor putting the question. This bill does not
propose to increase the amount of the total
coinage of the country, for it provides for the
exchange of the existing coins 1'or the coins
now proposed to be issued. For instance, the
nickel-copper cent, the bronze cent, the copper
cent, and the copper two-cent piece, it is pro-
posed to have withdrawn and the new coinage
substituted. There are eight different varieties
of metallic representatives of five cents and less
now in circulation, for which the new coinage
is to be substituted. This bill makes the coin-
age redeemable. Our total coinage never has
been redeemable. A postmaster is bound to
sell stamps for nickel pennies, and yet if he
gets $100 worth of nickel or bronze pennies
or two cent or three-cent pieces the Govern-
ment will not redeem them. It forces him to
sell Government stamps for a currency which
it will not redeem. Now, this bill proposes to
substitute the one, two, three, and live cent
coins for those to be issued, and to make them
redeemable in sums of fifty dollars. We will
then have on our statute-books a law to which
we may point as standing alone 111 the history
of nations with a single exception. Belgium
does redeem her token coinage. No other
nation does. No other nation ever has done
so. What with the exchange of coinage now
out for that proposed to be issued, and the
clause providing for the redemption, the ca-
lamity or the danger which the gentleman from
Rhode island regards as possible to flow from
this step is impossible. I hope I have answered
the gentleman's question.
Mr. MA.YNAKD. I call the gentleman's
attention to the third section of the bill, and
would suggest whether it would not be well to
insert a provision making the fraudulent pos-
session of tliis coin an offense? It seems to
me that is the only way by which counterfeit-
ing can be effectually reached.
Mr. KELLEY. I think that the provision
gives us the advantage of all the laws on our
statute book in regard to the counterfeiting of
any of the coinage. It makes applicable the
laws now existing to the punishment of coun-
terfeiting any of our coin. And 1 would re-
mark tbat one advantage of this nickel coinage
is tbat it cannot be counterfeited. It never has
been counterfeited. You cannot make a base
metal that will feel like it to the common touch,
or that will taste like it to the palate, or that will
correspond to it in weight and fusibility.
Mr. MAYNAED. 1 do not propose to dis-
cuss the matter; I have merely made the sug-
gestion. I now withdraw it, and call the gen-
tleman's attention to the first section of the
bill, which contains a matter somewhat differ-
ent in its character, and one to which I attach
some little importance. I see the committee
have adopted for the weight of this coin the
French term gram. That is a subject that_we
have had up some time heretofore. I conless
it does not strike me very favorably. Wc are
not Frenchmen, and the term used here seems
to me objectionable. I should prefer to let the
weight be expressed in terms that are familiar
to the business of the couutry.
Mr. KELLEY. I am quite sure had the
gentleman been a member of the committee he
would not have made that objection. He is a
progressive man, and never moves backward
when be can avoid it, and yet lie suggests a
step here that would be lamentably retrograde.
The measure weight ofgram is accepted in this
country by our coinage bylaw. The Thirty-
Eighth and Thirty-Ninth Congresses required
the Mint to use it with reference to the new
coins they directed. It is the language ot the
English mint, the French mint, the German,
the Belgian, the Swiss mint. It is a small step,
it is true, but it is a step toward a unification
of the coinage of the world and the adoption
of the metrical and decimal system. The chem-
ists of the country, the silk manufacturers, and
a large number of other persons extensively
engaged in industrial and commercial pursuits,
are petitioning us ts accept the gram as an
American measure: indeed, I maysay, toadopt
it as the unit of our system of measurement,
it has been adopted all over Europe. Every
intelligent European coming to our country
understands the gram. There is no provision
of the bill of a minor character—none, indeed,
unless it be that which establishes the new
coinage—more lmportantin the comprehensive
view of the statesman than this, by which the
measure that is applied by all civilized nations
to the weight of coins is adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 was about to call the
gentleman's attention to the fact, which he
understands perfectly well, of the great num-
ber ot denominations already connected with
our coins and our weights, and the exceeding
difficulty in inducing a change in the popular
usage. The city of New York, for example,
has one denomination of penny and his own
city has another, and with all the time that
has elapsed, with all the use of the denomina-
tions as fixed by law, those old denominations
still remain in popular usage. These are tilings
that it is exceedingly difficult to eradicate; and
so far from relieving the embarrassment by
introducing an additional denomination it will,
in my opinion, throw increased confusion and
embarrassment on what is already so much
embarrassed. I would much prefer to see the
effort made at unification in America, to har-
monize our own denominations of coins and
weights by adhering to those denominations
that were "fixed in the early period of the Gov-
ernment, rather than to einbaik in what 1 think
is a reprehensible attempt to harmonize our
usage with the usage ot Switzerland, Belgium,
France, Germany, or any other European
country. It seems to me that the features of
this bill and the whole system of ideas out of
which it has originated will only serve to em-
barrass our own people and confuse things
among ourselves without any positive or prac-
tical good to anybody.
Mr. KELLEY. In" the first place, let me
say that the American people will not take
these coins because they weigh so many grams.
They will take them because they are redeem
able, are the token coinage of the country.
But I want to say to the gentleman that when
his leisure enables him to take up the subject
and study it, as 1 know he will do, he will
find that the introduction of this word gram
into our minor coinage bill will probably
determine the basis upon which the unifi-
cation of the coinage will be effected, and
that as he desires, on the basis of our existing
coins. Commerce demands a coin the value
of which shall be known on every sea and in
every port. In order to be such a one its
unit of weight must be one familiar to all
people, and when we come to measure the
American dollar by grams we find that Amer-
ica ha>s in her dollar the basis of unification.
It is uecimsl within the mint allowance. An
American dollar is within one third of one
per cent, of being precisely decimal, and one
third of one per cent, is within the mini allow-
ance of the world. The coinage of France,
to which Mr. Iluggles, our commissioner, had
reeommeuded the adaptation of our own, is
three per cent, out of the way. It is not decimal;
its subdivision results in an interminable frac-
tion. The German double eagle is in this respect,
like our own coin, strictly decimal, and we stand
to-day in an impregnable position demanding
the unification of the coinage of the world on
the basis of the American dollar. Hence my
anxiety to get the letter of Mr. Elliott, which
the late Secretary of the Treasury transmitted
to the House, printed and laid before the pubiic.
We are to influence the coinage of the world,
and not to debase ours three per cent, in order
to flatter the vanity of the prescntemperor of
the French ; and one great agent in accom-
plishing that end is the use of the word gram
when determining the statute weight of our
coins, and the fact of the gram as the unit of
measurement, which, as 1 have said, is familiar
to the mints and to the Governments o,f all the.
continent of Europe. I now call t,he previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to : and the bill, as
amended, was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
isabella c youngs.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 16G,
for the relief of Isabella C. Youngs, wife of
Theophilus Youngs.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that letters patent were on the 20i.h of May,
185C, issued to James M. Miller for an "im-
provement in surface condensers for steam-
engines;" and that the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, on the 4th of January,
1806, ordered, adjudged, and decreed that all
bis right, title, and interest in and to the inven-
tion and letters-patent so granted should be
transfened to atul vested in Isabella C. Youngs
in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner to
all intents and purposes as the same were then
held or enjoyed by him. The bill therefore
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents, upon
due application made to him by Isabel'a C.
Youngs, her heirs or assigns, to extend and
renew in the name of Isabella C. Youngs, her
heirs orassigns, tiie patent of James M. Miller,
No. 14923, for an "improvement in surface
condensers for steam-engines,-' for and during
seven years from and after the 20t.fi of May,
1870, for the use and benefit of Isabella C.
Youngs, her heirs and assigns, upon the same "
principle and evidence as if the application
were made by the original patentee.
Mr. JEXCKE8. The circumstances of this
case are peculiar, if not singular. The person .
for whose relief this bill is proposed was the
wife of the inventor of this improvement ill
surface condensers for steam engines. The
patent was granted to him for the term of four-
teen years. Duiing the original term of the
patent this petitioner applied to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia for a decree
of divorce from her husband, which decree was
granted. This patent, being the only property
which her husband then possessed, was decreed
to her as alimony; and by the decree of the
court the title was vested in ber, not only to
the patent itself, but to the invention and the
right to apply for the extension of the patent.
But the law provides that no person shall apply
for an extension of a patent other than the
inventor. Hence that portion of the relief
granted her by the decree of the court will be
inoperative unless confirmed by a special act
of Congress. Her former husband, and the
inventor, as the committee are informed, lias
left the country and is now in Europe. Even
if he were here it is not probable that he
would apply for an extension of the patent for
the benefit of the petitioner. This is the only
property upon which the petitioner could be
supported, which she obtained under the decree
of the court which granted the divorce. This
bill is to give lier the right, to apply to the
Patent Office for an extension of this patent
in the same manner that her former husband
would have the right to do if he were here.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does not this bill con-
fer property upon the person named which she
could not otherwise have? It seems to me
that a bill of this character ought to receive
the careful consideration of this House. ^
understand it correctly, it will affect the inter-
i t-st of every owner of any steam engine in the
j United States, and we ought not, to pass i uch
' a bill without giwug >t caivfui consideration.
