&74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] will bestow a little more
attention to this bill he will see that it is not
embarrassed by either of the difficulties which
he suggests The decree of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia gave the right, but
not the complete remedy. All that is asked
of Congress is to grant the rigiit to the peti-
tioner to apply to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of this patent; nothing more.
It does not extend the patent at all. The
validity of the patent and the right to an ex-
tension are questions to be inquired into and
determined by the Commissioner. This bill
does not, as the gentleman supposes, affect the
interest of every builder or user of a steam-
engine in this country. It relates to a surface-
condenser for steam-engines, and is applicable
to engines of sea-going vessels. It has not
been very extensively brought into use. It has
no connection with many low-pressure engines,
and no connection at all with high-pressure
engines, which have no condenser.
Mr. MUNGEN. I have had occasion to in-
vestigate this question, although I did not know
that this bill was coming up to-day. It is
claimed, with a great deal of fairness, I think,
that with this condenser a sea-going steam ves-
sel can cross the ocean from New York to Liv-
erpool with a single supply of water, the steam
being condensed into water which can be used
over again. All sea-going men and steamship
owners are deeply interested in this matter.
This invention would have been in general use
long ago had it not been that there was a man
behind the throne with another condenser. He
got himself placed on a committee by this
House to investigate steam-condensers, and re-
ported against this one and in favor of nis own.
That I know. AH that is asked for this in-
vention is a fair trial, if it does not then
recommend itself to public use no harm will
be done.
Mr. JENCKES. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
in;nii question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jkarcm atkins.
Mr. JENCKES reported from the Commit-
tee on Patents a bill (H. R. No. 334) for the
relief of Jearum Atkins; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to au-
thorize the Commissioner of Patents to enter-
tain and exercise jurisdiction over a petition
of Jearum Atkins for an extension of letters-
patent granted to him on the 1st day of De-
cember, 1852, for the further term of seven
years from the 1st day of December, 1866, and I
to hear and determine upon the petition in the
same manner and with the same effect as if
the original term of the patent had not ex-
pired, and to grant or refuse such extension
upon the same principle that governs his decis-
ions in such applications when made in due
course of law. Before granting any extension
upon the petition the Commissioner is to be
satisfied that the sam§ will inure to the sole
benefit of said Atkins; and if the patent be
extended no person is to be held liable for
infringement for making use of the invention
since the expiration of the original term of the
patent and prior to the date of its extension.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jenck.es] will give us an
explanation of this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. The bill is designed to
correct a mistake made by a former Commis-
sioner of Patents—a mistake which he him-
self discovered—an erroneous decision upon a
question of law which caused him to refuse the
application for an extension. Subsequently he
became satisfied of his error; and the question
being brought before the Committee on Patents
at the last Congress they also were satisfied of
the error. The error being conceded, the
committee agreed to report this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to state what was the error, and what
is the nature of the patent?
Mr. JENCKES. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who can state the
facts better than I can.
Mr. COOK. This patent is for a sort of
self-raker, designed to be applied to reaping
machines. The patentee, shortly after his
patent was granted, became paralyzed and
utterly unable to devote any attention to busi-
ness. Application for the extension of the
patent was, however, made in time, but was
rejected through an error on the part of the
Commissioner of Patents, an error which_ he
himself now acknowledges. In the mean time
the patentee, being paralyzed, lost all advan-
tage of his original patent. The patent has
never been renewed. I presume there can be
no objection to allowing the application to be
made to the Commissioner for an extension
upon precisely the same terms as if the error
had not been made in rejecting the former
application.
* Mr. SCOFIELD. What was the mistake ?
Mr. COOK. The mistake was in deciding,
as a question of law, that in view of a certain
instrument executed by Mr. Atkins the patent
could not be renewed to him. There was pro-
duced before the committee a statement from
the Commissioner as to the reason on which
the decision had been made, and also a state-
ment that the rule had been reversed and never
applied to other cases.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. In the confusion
prevailing here I have not been able to hear
the entire explanation of the gentleman from
Illinois, and I wish to inquire of him whether
this invention is an improvement for reaping
machinps?
Mr. COOK. It is a sort of self raker.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I wish to inquire
whether it is an improvement common to the
self-rakers that are in use in the western States?
Mr. COOK. No, sir ; it is unlike any other
self-raker of which I have any knowledge.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether the principle of this raker
is the same as that used in the McCormick and
other reapers which are in use in Illinois and
the western States generally, and with which
the gentleman is familiar ?
Mr. COOK. I understand that Atkins's self-
raker is not connected with any of the existing
reaping machines.
Mr. JENCKhS. If the gentleman will allow
me, it has nothing to do with the principle of
the reapers or reaping machines. It is an
independent attachment for the purpose of
raking. It is entirely the invention of this
party, and has no connection whatever with
the piinciple or mode of construction of the
invention of McCormick or Many.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Is it not used as
an attachment to those machines?
Mr. JENCKES. None that have been
brought to our attention.
Mr. COOK. My understanding is that the
McCormick reaper operates upon an entirely
different principle.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. While up I desire
to ask another question : whether this matter
of allowing the time to pass by for applying
for the renewal of these patents, and then pass-
ing an act of Congress to remedy the omission,
is not becoming a kind of science with these
gentlemen ; and whether they do not. by means
of the recommendation which congressional
action gives them, generally get favorable
action from the Commissioner of Patents,
when, if they had made no mistake and really
applied in time, they would fail to get an ex-
tension.
Mr. JENCKES. I will answer the question.
This is an evil which the committee would long
ago have gladly corrected by a general bill if
it was one that was on the increase or was
likely to be taken advantage of, as the gentle-
man suggests. But it is one that is constantly
decreasing and must soon cease to exist, be-
cause application for extension will be soon
cut off by the act of 1861. They have grown
less and less each year since I have had any-
thing to do with this committee.
Now, sir, the committee have never reported
or recommended any relief unless they were
satisfied beyond question that the neglect to
apply within the prescribed time was in con-
sequence of absolute mistake or unforeseen
accident that could not have been provided
against. But in this case there is no such mis-
take on the part of the party. It was a mis-
take on the part of the Commissioner. The
inventor made a conveyance of his patent, for
its original term, but limited to that term, and
before its expiration he applied for its ex-
tension, and the Commissioner decided that he
could take no jurisdiction of the patent, be-
cause the title to it was in thegrantee, although
the conveyance carried no right whatever to
the extension. In that decision he was clearly
wrong ; but his error caused the proper appli-
cation to fail, and when he became convinced
of his error it was too late to apply. There-
fore, by necessity, the inventor came to Con-
gress. Then there is the further meritorious
circumstance stated by the gentleman from
Illinois in this case, which is not found in
others, of the extreme illness and incapacity
to attend to business of this inventor, which
makes this a case peculiarly one for relief.
Mr. COOK. I want to state, in this connec-
tion, that this man becoming paralyzed sold his
invention, and the purchaser became bank-
rupt, so that he realized nothing for it.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. 1 will only add
that I do not think my friend from Illinois, rep-
resenting an agricultural district, would with-
out the best of reasons recommend a further
fastening upon that argicult.ural community of
any more of these reaper monopolies which
have been one of the crying impositions upon
them for a generation past.
Mr. COOK. I would like to say that a peti-
tion signed very generally by the agriculturists
and farmers of that region states that this is a
case where the extension ought to be made. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bili was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read thethird time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 42) for the relief of Orlando
Brown; and
An act (H. R. No. 237) to abolish theoffice
of chief of staff to the General of the Army.
alinzer clark.
Mr. JENCKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 335) for the reliefof
Alinzer Clark; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
It authorizes the Commissioner of Patents,
upon due application, to extend the patent of
the petitioner for a fastening for hay and man-
ure forks, dated March 5, 1850, and which
expired March 5, 1864, reserving the rights of
those who shall have made use of it between
the period of the expiration of the patent and
the extension of the same.
Mr. JENCKES. The bill is merely to cor-
rect a mistake. I move the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the bill will be
explained.
Mr. JENCKES. This is one of a class of
cases where the application was not made in
