1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lime at the Patent Office. The application in
this case was not made in season from two
causes ; one was the illness of the party. The
committee were satisfied that he was not in a
condition to attend to business when the time
for the application expired. That perhaps
would not be a sufficient excuse, because he
might have applied sooner. But in this case
a change in the rules of the Patent Office also
caused die failure of his application. At the
lime (he patent was granted the extension
might be applied for sixty days prior to the
expiration of the patent. That rule was altered
subsequently so as to require tiie petition to be
filed ninety davs previous to the expiration of
the patent. From these circumstances this
party failed to make his application to the
Patent Office in time for him to obtain justice.
It is a patent for an ingenious contrivance for
fastening forks on to their handles. I ask the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. J EN CKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KICIIAUD M. IIOE
Mr. JENCKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. II. No. 830) to extend the
term of the letters-patent issued to Richard M.
Iloe ; which was read a first and second tithe.
It is proposed by the bill that the letters-
patent granted to Richard M. Hoe on the 24th
day of July, 18-17, for improvementsin printing
presses for fourteen years from that date, and
winch letters-patent were extended by the Com-
missioner of Patents for a further term of seven
years from the 24th of July, 1801, shall be ex-
tended for a further term of seven years, com-
mencing on the 24th of July, 1808, and ending
on the 24th of July, 1875, for the benefit of
the said Richard M. Iloe, liis heirs and legal
representatives, upon the conditions set forth
in the bill. The Commissioner of Patents is
directed to make and record the certificate of
such extension. The letters-patent so extended
sha' 1 have thesame effect as if originally granted
for the term of the extension to the end of the
t( rm to which it is extended, provided that the
extended patent shall be open t) legal inquiry
and decision in the same manner as if issued
under the general law relating to patents, and
that all persons enjoying the lawful use of the
improvements desciibed and secured by said
letters-patent may continue in the use thereof
without further payment therefor, and the pur-
chaser of any machinery so in use may con-
tinue to use the same as if this act had not been
parsed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Is tb is bill (
repoited by the Committee on Patents'.' I
Mr. JENCKES. Yes. sir. I
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does the |
gentleman propose to put it through without, ,
discussion ?
Mr. JENCKES. No ; not by any means. 1
propose to have free discussion upon it. I
was about to say that this is a case different
from any that the committee have hitherto re-
ported. Tliev report and recommend the pas-
sage of this bill because this is an exceptional
case, and an exceptional case of the highest
merit. The invention of Mr. Hoe is one ot
the great inventions of the world. It has
probably done more in extending knowledge
bv means of printing than any other invention
f-inee the original invention of the art by Gut-
tenberg, and in making that statement 1 am
prepared with the fullest evidence ot it. But
there is a pi eliuiinary question which, perhaps,
every one would like to have answered first,
ami that is, how will this extension affect the
public1' 1 >)' means of this invention we are
enabled to receive our daily papers at the
earliest possible hour in the morning, and
those who make up and distribute these papers
publish the largest editions, hundreds of thou-
sands, within the time that it once took to
publish an edition of twenty thousand.
Now, does the extension of the patent affect
the price of newspapers, or will it hereafter?
The evidence satisfied us that it will not affect
the price of the article furnished the public.
Whether this patent was extended or not the
competition between those who publish news-
papers would keep the price as low as it could
be reduced with any margin of profit to those who
publish them. The public are sufficiently pro-
tected by that competition, and need no other.
There is another reason for the passage of
this bill found in the fact that this inventor has
never charged any tariff for it. In the account
of profits he renders an account of his profits
as a manufacturer and not as an inventor. He
has received profits as a manufacturer, but not
as an inventor. Therefore the public will not
be called upon to contribute in the slightest
degree in any manner provided this patent
should be further extended.
In the next place, will those who use this in-
vention—the printers—will they bo burdened?
To that question the memorialist has presented
the fullest possible answer. He presented to
the committee affidavits of every person using
his invention in the United States, and of others
who expect or hope touse it when the editions
of their papers become large enough to enable
them to purchase one of his machines. I he
affidavit of every one of these persons recom-
mends the passage of this bill. It. is the most
remarkable case known in the history of inven
tions. It is creditable to the inventor and
highly creditable to those who use his inven-
tion. The publishers of newspapers and every
book establishment in the country who use his
invention acknowledge fhe benefits they have
received, and all agree that he shall have the
benefit of his patent for seven years longer,
and are willing to pay any small contribution
which may fall upon them. 'They are willing
to agree to that from the very great saving
which has already accrued to them by the use
of the invention.
It will give a clearer idea of what the saving
has been by referring to the case o( one single
public journal. I refer to the case of the pro-
prietor of the New "l ork Herald. In his affi-
davit he states at some length the. history of
his newspaper establishment. He refers to
the time when it was considered extraordinary
to print twenty thousand copies and distribute
them at an early hour in the morning. It he
wished to increase that number he would have
to duplicate the forms and have another set of
machinery and another set ef compositors, to
have another press and more room. By the
use of this invention he was able to throw oft
one hundred thousand copies a day, and yet
deliver his paper as early as the twenty thou-
I sand under the old process, at a saving to that
one office in composition and press-work alone,
of $5,000 a week. This invention has saved
! to this one newspaper proprietor $200,000 a
1 year, taking everything into consideration,
since its use and since the circulation of that
paper has increased up to ninety and one hun-
dred thousand copies daily. Yet the proprie-
tor of the New York Herald says in his affi-
davit that he is willing this patent shall be
extended, and that the inventor shall have tne
benefit of the manufacture of these machines.
Gentlemen may inquire as to the compen-
sation this inventor has received. 1 robably
not one hundredth part of the saving to this
one newspaper establishment. When we con-
sider the number of these machines in use in
the United States you will begin to appreciate
the saving to the public and publishers.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill will go over until to-mor-
row.
Elliott vi. Rogers, from the second congressional dis-
trict of Arkansas, the time for taking teatimonysnau
bo extended until the 1st day of June next.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
ARKANSAS contested-election case
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions,' reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That in tlio oontcstcd-eleetion ease of
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest uoge vs. rued.
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to make a report in the
contested-election case of Hoge vs. Reed, from
the third congressional district of the State of
South Carolina. Some days since the House
adopted a resolution instructing the Commit-
tee of Elections, whenever in any contested-
election case it was alleged by one of the
claimants to the seat, or by any member of the
House, that any party to the case was ineli-
gible to office under the act of July 2, 1862,
prescribing an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses, that the committee should investigate
that question, and if it should be I0"'1"
the party was so ineligible they should so re-
port, to the House, and take no further action
in the case until further ordered by the House,
In obedience to that resolution 1 submit a
report from the Committee of Elections that
J. P. lleed, claiming to be entitled to a seat
in this House as the Representative-elect from
the third congressional district of South Caro-
lina, is not eligible under the act of July A
1802. I move that the report he laid on the
table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
jacois l\ reed.
Ml'. PAINE. My colleague upon the Com-
iniliee of Elections, the gentleman from i emi-
sylvauia, [Mr. Han-hall,] desires to submit
some proposition on behalf ot the minori y o
the committee. „ „ ,
Mr. RANI) ALE. On behalf of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Bum;] and myself, 1
desire to stale that we do not dispute the fact
as alleged by the chairman of the committee
[Mi. PaineJ in the report just submitted to*'16
House that Mr. Reed is ineligible to office
under the act of July 2,1862, for it is admitted
in his reply. But we are of the opinion that alt
such disabilities of a political character should
be promptly removed. With that view 1 am
authorized by the gentleman from Illinois to
submit on bis behalf and my own a bill lot
the removal of the political disabilities oil.
lleed. I therefore ask leave to introduce such
a bill, and ask its reference to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and that it be printe .
No objection was made.
Accordingly, the bill (H. R. No. 88,) to rc
move the disabilities of Jacob I. Heed, >t
Anderson, South Carolina, under
amendment to the Constitution of the Uniteu
States, was received, read a first and sec°nd
time, referred to the Committee on Kecon
struction, and ordeied to be printed.
election contest newsiiam vs. evan.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House papers in the con ested
election case of J. P. Newsl.ani W. bhchael
Ryan, from the fourth congressional disti ct
of Louisiana; which were relerred to the Com
mittee of Elections.
election contest—elliott vs. koge11s.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of James
T. Elliott M. A. A. C. .Rogers, from ithe sec
ond congressional district of the State
ansHs; which were referred to the Committee
! of Elections.
APPItOPRIATlONS.
I The SPEAKER also laid before the House
I a letter from the Secretary of the ; y
relation to an appropriation asked °r ^
|i Department; which was referred to the 1,0
;! mittee on Appropriations.
DISBURSEMENTS FOR INDIAI.b.
1 The SPEAKER also laid before the House
