3 n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
a communication from the Second Auditor,
transmitting copies of such accounts as have
been received at his office from persons charged
or intrusted with the disbursement or applica-
tion of moneys, goods, or effects lor the beneiit
of Indians from the 1st of July, 1807, to the
30th June, 1868, inclusive ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
custom-house—bangor, maine.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to an appropriation for
completing the enlargement of the custom-
house at Bangor, Maine; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
employes is navy department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, relative to the number of employ6s of
the Government in the Navy Department who
have been paid as compensation or salary a
larger sum than has been specifically impro-
priated for that purpose; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
BMl'loyfis in quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a communication from the Quartermaster
General of the Army, asking for a larger clerical
force than is provided for in his office in the
appropriation bill passed by the last Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
f. b iiuff.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
inclosing the petition of F. B. Huff, district
attorney of the first judicial district of Missis-
sippi, for the removal of his political disabil
ities ; which was referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
isaac g. long and others
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a concurrent resolution of the Legislature of
the State of South Carolina, in relation to the
removal of the political disabilities of Isaac G.
Long, Lemuel G. Guffin, and Robert Haw-
thorne; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
fifteenth amendment to constitution.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
communications from the Governors of Penn-
sylvania, Kansas, and South Carolina, trans-
mitting duly authenticated copies of joint res-
olutions of their respective State Legislatures
ratifying the proposed article fifteen of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
eligibility to office.
Mr. PAINE. On the 24th instant T intro-
duced a bill, No. 251, to enforce the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
which was referred to the Committee on Re
construction, and, as I supposed, it was ordered
to be printed. But there seems to have been
some mistake about the matter ; at least no
such order is indorsed on the bill, I now ask
consent to have that bill ordered to be printed.
No objection was made; and the order to
print was made accordingly.
committee of claims.
Mr. WAbHBCIBN", of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following res-
olution, whieh the Committee of Claims have
instructed me to offer:
Itnohed, That the Committee of Claims have power
to send tor persons and paperswhen in tbeiropinion
it may bo necessary to do so in the investigation of
claims before said committee,
Mr. BROOKS. It seems to me this resolu-
tion proposes to give the committee too broad
a power. I must object to the resolution in
its present form.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is an exact copy of the resolution adopted by
previous Congresses. The trouble is that when
the Committee of Claims, in the investigation
of a claim before them, want to summon some
witness who may be in this city they have
no authority to do so without a resolution of
this kind.
Mr. BROOKS. Is this power to be exer-
cised by the committee without expense to the
Government?
A Member. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts should include in this
resolution the authority to administer oaths to
witnesses.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
committee have that power now.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table,
that we may take up the bill for the repeal of
the tenure-of-office act.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the gentleman from Massachusetts
must take one position or the other. He must
either hold the floor under the regular order,
which is the Mississippi bill, or he must waive
thatand move to go to business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is ou the floor, and can either call
for the regular order, which is the considera-
tion of the Mississippi bill, or he can move to
go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. RANDALL. But if he makes the lat-
ter motion he loses the right to call up the
other bill.
The SPEAKER. That depends upon whether
any question of higher privilege than the reg-
ular order shall be brought up after this sub-
ject is disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Cessna] will insist on calling up his question
of privilege.
The motion of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
was agreed to.
tenure of office.
The SPEAKER. The first business on the
Speaker's table is a bill returned from the
Senate, being the bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal
an act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices. The message from the Senate, stating
the action of that body, will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the bill (H. K. No. -\S to repeal an act regu-
Jatmg the tenure of certain civil offices, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, and ask a "confer-
ence with the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Edmcxds, and
Air. otrxmls be the conferees on the parf of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House agree to the conference asked
by the Senate j and on that motion I call for the
previous question.
i Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to submit a mo-
tion that the House recede from its disagree-
ment with the Senate. This motion, which
tends to bring the two Houses together, takes
precedence, I believe, ef every other motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How does
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] ob-
tain the floor to make that motion ?
Mr. WOOD. I move, as a substitute for the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, that the
House insist.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recede,
which, if adopted, removes the disagreement
between the two Houses and passes the bill,
is in order even during the pendency of the
previous question, and takes precedence of a
motion to adhere or a motion for a conference.
The previous-question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was first upon
the motion of Mr. Schenck, that the House
recede from its disagreement with the Senate.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the Chair to state the
effectof' the votes ou the different propositions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor
to state the condition of the question. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who had charge of this bill in the House, moves
that the House agree to the conference asked
by the Senate. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] moves that the House recede from
its disagreement, which motion, under the rules
of the House, takes precedence. The previous
question having been seconded and the main
question ordered the first question is upon the
motion to recede. If that motion should not
be adopted the next question will be on the
motion to agree to the conference asked by the
Senate.
Mr. WOOD. And if that motion should be
voted down 
The SPEAKER. Then the question would
be upon the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The adop-
tion of the motion to recede would pass the
bill in the form of the Senate amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would bring the Houses
together on the basis of the Senate amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to recede.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 106, not voting
80 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Jieaman, Beatty, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boles, Burdett, Roderick K. Butler, Cessna,
Ohurehill, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles, Dixon, Doekery,
Donley. Duval, E!a, Farnsworth. Ferriss, Finkeln-
bur?. Fisher, Hawley, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Jeockej, Ketch am, Knapp, Laflio, Lawrence, Lynch,
Maynard, MeGrew, Mercur, EUakimll. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley, Packer, Pe-
ters, Poland, Pomeroy, Proper, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton. Strick-
land, Taffe, Tillman, Twichell, Ward, Wheeler,
Willa^d, and Winans—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beck, Bennett,
Biggs, Bird, Bluir, Boyd, Brooks, Buffhiton, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler,_ Calkin, Clarke, Cook, Conger,
Urebs, CiiUom, Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson,
Dyer, Eldridge, Ferry, Fox.G- tz, Uilfillan. (Jolladay,
Gnswifid. Haigbt, Italdeman, Hale, Iiambleton,
1 tamil 1, Hawkins^, Hay, Heafon, IIoag.Hoar. Hoi man,
Hopkins, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd. Julian, Kerr, Lash, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall. May ham, McCaithy, MeCoruiick, Me-
rely. Moffet, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P.
Morrill. Mungen, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Paine, Palmer. Phelps, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rice, P^ogers, Roots, Schumaker, Sheldon,
Slocura, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Steven-
son, boles, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, i'yner,
Upson, Yan Auken, Yoorhees, CadwaladerC. Wash-
hnrn, William B. Washburn, Wolker, Wells, Wnittc-
niore, Wilkinson, Williams, Witcher, Wood, and
Woodward—106.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Axtell,
Benjamin^ Bowen, Cake, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn. Dickey, Fitch, Uarfiekl, Grreene, Hamilton,
Ingersoll, Iveltey, Kelsey, Knott, McOary, Aforris-
sey. Sanford, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Strader,
Townseud, Van Horn, Van Trump, Eugene M. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, and Winchester—30.
So the House refused to recede.
During the vote,
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Knott, was detained in his room,
and if present would have voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on the motion to
insist and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin, and Mr. Bingham,
as the managers of said conference on the part
of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to .
reconsider the vote by which the House insisted
and asked for a committee of conference ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ltliSIOVAL 01' t'OUTICAL IXSAIltljlTIIK.
The next business on the Speaker's tubls
