1889.
THE CONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
ffl
was Senate bill No. 198, in addition to an act
entitled "An act to relieve from legal and
political disabilities certain persons engaged
in the late rebellion,'' approved July 27, 1868 ;
which was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that that be referred to the Committee oil He-
construction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that the com-
mittee have agreed to that bill. I think that
matter was up before the Committee on Recon-
struction on the gentleman's own motion, and
that he was directed to say, when it was
reached, that it should be put on its passage.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction are preparing a gen-
eral bill, which we had better have than half a
dozen special ones.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This does not relieve-
any one. It is to complete and perfect an act
which was passed last year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
it had better be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. This simply corrects
an error. I demand the reading of the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that, two
thirds of eac'i House concurring therein, all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States b\ reason of participation in
the late rebellion shall be removed from the
persons named in the act approved July 27,
1868, entitled "An act to relieve irom legal
and political disabilities certain persons en-
gaged in the late rebellion.''
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That has been con-
sidered by the Committee on Reconstruction,
and has been agreed to.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
41, noes 00.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to refer the bill.
Mr. AIINELL. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
word on this bill.
Mr. AIINELL. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think the
gentleman from Tennessee understands this
bill. It is to correct a bill heretofore passed
by Congress.
Mr. ARNELL demanded tellers.
Tellers wore not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to the fact that the Committee on Recon-
struction the other morning agreed to this
very bill. We passed a bill a year a^o to
relieve certain persons from legal and political
disabilities. Their names were in the bill, but
in enrolling it the words " are hereby relieved"
were left out. This is to correct that error,
and that is all there is of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me a word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
desire the bill should not pass, and do not now,
but merely wished it should be referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction. 1 do not like
the plan of taking bills from the Speaker's
table and passing them without reference. I
believe that this bill should pass, and shall not
make fuither objection to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to know
what is the necessity for this bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question and yield
to the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. WHITTlflMORE. I wish to say, in
addition to what my colleague on the Recon-
struction Committee, the gentleman from Illi-
nois, has said, that this bill is merely fur the
purpose of correcting an error of the enrolling
clerks or the printer. Mr. Corley, who sat in
the Fortieth Congress as my colleague, had his
name included in that bill, to correct which it
is now proposed to pass the pending bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Unsolved, (the Senate concnrrintr,)ThattheSpeakcr
of the IIouso anil President of the Senate adjourn
their respective Houses of the Forty-First Congress
of the United States on Tuesday, the 6th da.y of April
n«xt, at twelve o'clock noon, without dny.
I think there is no question but on that day
both House will be ready to adjourn after hav-
ing finished the business of this session. 1
demand the previous question on the adoption
of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ihstillud spirits, ktc.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 140, to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 18G8, was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T rise to
a point of order. By a vote ol the House the
consideration of the bill in regard to the gov-
ernment of Mississippi was postponed imme-
diately after the morning hour. Does it not,
therefore, become unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman puts in a
word which is not in the record. It was post-
poned after the morning hour, not immediately
after. And the Chair distinctly stated, after
the House voted to postpone it, that it would
be subordinate to the rules of the House, and
the rules of the House make the question of
reconsideration one of higher privilege, which
the Chair is bound to recognize.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the committee have instructed me to
move a reconsideration of the reference ot this
bill for the purpose of bringing it before the
House at thi3 time, and they have instructed
me to move a few amendments to the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not amendable until
the motion to reconsider has been passed upon,
which will bring it before the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Having
stated my object in moving a reconsideration
at this time, I call the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. LOGAN. Is the bill going to be open
to amendment?
The SPEAKER. Until the pending motion
to reconsider is disposed of no amendment can
be entertained.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the question being put on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
there were—ayes 56, noes 34; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Logan,
and Hoofer of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided ; and tlie tellers reported—
ayes seventy-live, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to,
and the bill was before the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This bill
is the same, or very nearly the game, as o^%e
which was passed at the close of the last Con-
gress, but which went to the Senate so late that
they had not time to consider it. The object
of it is to make some amendments to the exist-
ing law to meet certain necessities which tlie
committee think should be provided (or at
oncc, and not left to be included in the bill for
the general revision of the law, which they have
decided not to bring «p till the next session of
Congress.
The object of the first amendment is simply
to extend the privilege of bonding estates on
which distilleries were erected prior to the pas-
sage of u.u law to such as are held under a
lease, or such as are mortgaged, or have other
liens which cannot be removed. The section
which it amends provided that the owners of
the property on which distilleries have been
erected, or any persons having a lien upon it,
should give their consent that the property
should be subject to the provisions of this law,
notwithstanding the lien they held upon it. This
provides for certain cases where that consent
cannot be given, and permits a bond for the
amount of the value ol the property to be given,
instead of subjecting the property to the pro-
visions of the law. by which itis liable to seizure
for any infraction of the law. Jt extends the
right of bonding to property that is mortgaged
or held by minors or persons in a condition
that disables them from giving their consent.
The next amendment is to section twenty,
and increases the quantity of mash or beer
from forty-live gallons for a bushel of gram to
sixty gallons in small distilleries not exceed-
ing the capacity of one hundred gallons in
twenty-lour hours, in which steam is not used.
I think gentlemen who are acquainted with the
business of distilling will see the justice and
propriety ofthis amendment.
The next amendment is to the fifty-sixth sec-
tion of the pi esent law. As the law now stands
all distilled spirits that were in bonded ware-
house at the time the law of the 20th of July
was passed had the privilege of remaining in
the warehouse until the 20ii of April, 180'J, and
any distilled spirits remaining in warehouse
after that time was forfeited. This amendment
extends the time one year longer for such spirits
to remain in warehouse, but provides that one
cent per month on each gallon shall be charged
as an additional tax.
Mr. DAW US. Will it interrupt my colleague
tor me to make an inquiry at that point?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I undeistand that the im-
pression m regard to this amendment enter-
tained by the internal revenue department is
that it will very seriously affcct the revenue
of the country,"and 1 would like to inquire of
my colleague if he understands this provision
to meet tile approbation ol the internal rev-
enue department?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It does
not decrease the revenue, but on the contrary
increases it, as it only postpones the time of
cSlleetion, but increases the amount of tax by
adding one cent per gallon for each month it
remains.
Mr. DAWES. I did not know but that the
Committee of Ways and Means were acting in
conjunction with the department in trying to
perfect the law. 'lhat was the reason 1 made
the inquiry.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
state that this section was put into the hill
of the last Congress in the House by a very
decided vote.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that, and
hence my attention was attracted to it, and
feeling some doubt about it I set myself to
inquiring whether this was one of the provis-
ions which, in the view of the department,
will perfect the internal revenue law so as to
derive the most revenue.
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts, i am not
, aware that the attention of the department has
!i been particularly called to this provision, it
^ Ireeollect aright, the present Commissioner ol
