378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Internal Revenue voted for it when it passed
the House last session.
Mr. DAWES. Is my colle'ague certain about
that ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am not
certain, but 1 have that impression.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will not pursue the inquiry
further. I drd not want to bring myself in
antagonism with the internal revenue depart-
ment just at the commencement of the Admin-
istration in devising the best ways and means
of perfecting the law and getting the most rev-
enue, and therefore I was anxious to inquire
whether the committee in this regard is coop-
erating with the department.
Mr. HOOPER,, of Massachusetts. I would
state to my colleague that I have consulted the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, not es-
pecially with regard to this section, but with
regard to the whole bill, and he approves of it.
Mr. DAWES. Of this featureof it?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. His atten-
tion wasnot particularly called to this feature. I
will state further, that this is not a scction which
originated with the Committee of Ways and
Means. In fact, the committee were opposed
to it and voted it down. A portion of the com-
mittee were in favor of it and the majority of
the committee were opposed to it. But, as it
was adopted by the House in the last Congress,
the committee felt that they were hardly at
liberty to omit it from this bill.
Section fifty-nine is rendered necessary by
an evasion, to which the attention of the com-
mittee has been called, of the provision of the
law which forbids a rectifying establishment
being within six hundred feet of a distillery.
In order to evade that provision rectifying es-
tablishments were changed into compounding
establishments, a change of name rather than
a change of business; and the object of this
section is to include compounding establish-
ments as well as rectifying establishments within
that provision which prevents them from being
within six hundred feet of a distillery.
'the other sections of the bill refer to the
reveuue stamps for collecting the duties on
manufactured tobacco, snuff, and cigars. The
committee were dissatisfied with the stamps
that had been prepared by the internal revenue
department. They thought there should be
more checks surrounding the system, and their
object is to prescribe additional checks and
provisions by which the duties can be more
effectually secured.
The second and third sections provide for
the restamping of tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
and also provide for stamping the stock of
tobacco on hand which was manufactured prior
to the time when ihe law required it to be
stamped.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
was that?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Practi-
cally it was the 20d of November. There was
a provision in the law that so far as stamping
was concerned the law should not take effect
until the Commissioner gave notice that he was
ready to is sue stamps. ' I
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do I '<
understand that this third section provides that
all the tobacco which the tobacco men say was
manufactured prior to that time shall now have
stamps put upon it without paying any new tax
to the United States?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Where
they can prove that the tax had been previously
paid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But not
stamped.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have instructed me
to move an amendment to that section, so as
to make the proof more stringent in this bill
than is required by the printed bill.
Mr. BIJi LEU, of Massachusetts. According
to the printed bill it depends only upon the
oath of the man.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee_propose to amend that so as to require
the evidence to be more conclusive. I have
sent to the Clerk's desk the amendments which
the committee have instructed me to move to
this bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I was about to make a sug-
gestion with reference to this bill to the gentle-
man having it in charge, that we reconsider
it by paragraphs in the House, as in Committee
of t.he Whole, under the five-minute rule. It
seems to me that should be agreed to now if
it is proposed to go through with this bill to-day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I ask that this bill
be considered by paragraphs in the House, as
in Committee of the Whole, under the five-min-
ute rule, after the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] shall have concluded his
remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This
being a tax bill, and proposing to make im-
portant changes in the tax upon two great
staples, whisky and tobacco, I hope that it wdl
be considered in Committee of the Whole, go
that we may have full latitude for debate and
amendment.
The SPEAKER. That point of order is
made too late.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. It is of great
importance to the country that this bill should
bo p&sscd.
The SPEAKER. The suggestion of the
gentleman from Iowa [.Mr. Allison] is that
this bill be considered in the House, as in
Committee of the Whole, under the five-minute
rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
There are millions involved in this bill, unless
1 am mistaken. I want it considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and I hope the motion
will be made to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I shall
object to that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I suppose
I can make the motion myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
it if he obtains the floor for that purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield the floor for that purpose. I will yield
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] says this bill makes
important changes in reference to the tax upon
two staple articles. Now, I do not so under-
stand the bill; I do not understand that it
changes any rule of taxation whatever. There
are important provisions in this bill, but they
can be considered more advantageously, I
think, or as much so, by paragraphs in the
House as in Committee of the Whble. I desire
to move an amendment to this bill, and I
believe I have the leave of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to move it.
Mr. HOOPER,of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I will move that that por-
tion of this bill from line twenty-eight to line
thirty-seven, both inclusive, be stricken out.
I ask the Clerk to read that portion of tiie bill,
'j'he Cierk read as follows: j
That section fifty-six be amended so as to extend '
the time for withdrawing distilled spirits trom bonded
warehouse until the 20th of April, 1870, but subject to
an additional tax on each proof-gallon deposited and
bonded in warehouse of one cent for each month
at.er the 20th of April, I860, and until withdrawn;
and any distilled spirits remaining in bonded ware-
house niter the 20th of April, 1870, shall be forfeited
to the United States and disposed of as provided m
said scction.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I hope the mo-
tion to strike out will not prevail, but that the
paragraph just read by the Clerk will be left
in the bill. So far as the people whom I rep-
resent are interested in this bill this is the
most important provision in it. The persons
in my district who have whisky in bond will
have to pay at least $1,000,000 of tax upon
their whisky if they are compelled now to take
it out of bond. They cannot raise that amount
of money; the circulation in that district is
so scarce that the money is not there to be
obtained, either from the banks or elsewhere.
If these men are called upon to pay the tax
upon their whisky, and to withdraw it from
bond, it will result in their utter ruin. The
Government will lose nothing by the proposed
extension of time, but will gain by it. I hope
the paragraph will not he stricken out.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word or
two on the amendment I have proposed. In
the present position of the bill 1 hardly know
how to proceed. In the first place, thegentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] yields
to me to offer an amendment, yet as he still
retains the floor, as I understand, it may pre-
vent me from having a vote on my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman fiom Iowa [Mr. Allison]
to withhold his amendment until the amend-
ments which the committee have instructed me
to report have at least been read, if not until
they have been acted upon by the House.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Many of
those amendments are merely verbal, intended
to perfect the phraseology of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment now, if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will then yield to me, as I desire to say a
few words upon my amendment,.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will do so. I now ask the Clerk to
read the amendments which the Committee of
Ways and Means have instructed me to offer
to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
read in their order.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line nineteen of section one strike out "this"
and insert "said."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
In scction two insert after "18G8" the words
"liable to tax or duty;" andstrike out before "days"
the word "thirty" and insert "sixty;" &o as to make
the section read as iollows:
And be it further enacted, That any person having
in his possession any tobacco, snuff, or cigars manu-
factured prior to the 23d day ot November, ISfiS,
liable to tax or duty, on which the tux or duty has
been paid but not stamped, shall, within sixty days
after the passage of this act, make a statement of the
class, weight, and number of packages which con-
stituted his inventoried stock of tobacco, snuff, and
cigars on the 1st day of March, 18t>9, and returned by
him according to the provisions of section seventy-
eight of the act to which this is an amendment, de-
ducting therefrom whatever may have been sold or
removed since that period, and an exact statement
ot the class, weight, and number of packages into
which li may bo required to be repacked, in accord-
ance with the provisionsof said act, which statement
shall be made under oath or affirmation to the assist-
ant assessor, who shall make careful and personal
examination thereof, and compare the same with his
inventories, and it iound to be correct, said assistant
assessor shall make oath or affirmation of the cor-
rectness of the same to the assessor of the district,
who shall immediately make a true abstract of such
statements and transmit said abstracts to the Com-
missioner of Internal tie venue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add at the end of section two the following:
And any person having in his posses-ion anv
tobacco, snuff, or eigais manufactured beloie the
imposition of any tax or duty thirenn shall, within
sixty days after the passage of this act. make a like
statement ot his stock, to be verified, examined,
compared, and reported in like manner to the Com-
missioner.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend section three by striking out in lines thir-
teen and fourteen the words "shown to hare been
paid" and inserting in lieu thereof " proved to the
satisfaction ot the collector by sworn testimony, m
addition to the proper inspection brands ormaiks
t ereon, to have been paid; but in no case shall the
inspection brand-, ct marks alone be taken as suffi-
cient proof of pajmei.t;" so that the scction will
read as follows:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
immediately after the passage of this act, cause id
be prepared suitable and special stamps, which
shall indicate the weight and class of tohaoco, snnii'
or cigars on which the tax has been paid, but which
have not been stamped as provided by law ; which
stamps shall bo furnished only to the collector of
internal revenue requiring the same, and shall be
issued by the collector to tho assistant assessor ot
the proper division upon a writ ten appliea tion mado
to the collector by the owner of any such unstamped
tobacco, snufl, or cigars, whereof an inventory and
statement has been made, as provided for in the
preceding Section, and upon which the tax shall
have been proved to the satisfaction of the collector
