1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
by sworn testimony, in addition to the proper in-
spection brands or marks thereon, to have been paid;
but in no case shall the^ inspection brands or marks
alone be taken as sufficient proof of payment, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend by adding at the end of section three the
following:
Except that the Commissioner may in any case at
his discretion allow snuff and smokingtobaeco which
was manufactured prior to the 20th of July, 1863, to
hare the apccial stamps affixed, as heroin provided,
and to besold in theoriginal packages; and the rate
of duty on cigars imported prior to July 20,1868, and
now remaining in bond, shall be the same as on
cigars impoited after that date.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to this amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
that when the gentleman examines the prop-
osition he will see that his objections are not
well founded. The first part of the amendment,
with reference to allowing snuff and tobacco
to be sold in the original package?, relates en-
tirely to the repacking of those articles. There
is a great deal of tobacco that cannot be re-
packed.
The latter part of the amendment refers to
the duty on cigars. By the act of July 20,
18G8, the tariff on imported cigars was re-
duced. In our tariff bills we have always
allowed goods remaining in bond to be sub-
jected to the same duty as goods of the same
kind imported after the passage of the bill.
The amendment proposes, in conformity with
our general practice in legislation, to impose
upon cigars remaining in bond the same tariff
duty that we impose on cigars now imported.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I understand to be the effect of
the amendment. It is designed to relieve cigars
imported before July 20, 18G3, from the pay-
ment of the duty under which they were im-
ported, allowing them to pay the rate fixed by
the present tariff.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
in conformity with what has always been done
in our tariif bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why was
it not done in the tax bill of last, year?
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] will yield to me
for a moment, 1 would like to say a word ill
reply to his colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, this provision
in relation to imported cigars was inserted in
a tax bill passed last year, not in a tariff bill ;
and it was inserted because the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue and the Secretary of the
Treasury told us that under the then existing
rate of duty upon cigars no duty whatever was
being paid ; that all cigars were being imported
into the country without the payment of duty.
The rate of duty was then three dollars per
pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem. The
necessity for a reduction was deemed so great
that in a tax bill we reduced the import duty
upon segars to S2 50 per pound and twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem.. But in making that
reduction we omitted to apply the same rate of
duty to cigars at that time in bond. The effect
of that has been that cigars are now being
imported every day into the United States at
(lie reduced rate of duty, while these cigars are
in bond at a high rate of duty. The result is
that persons who imported cigars before July
suffer a great loss in consequence of our legis-
lation. Heretofore ill our tariff bills, if we
reduced the duty we allowed the goods in bond
to be taken out at the reduced rate ; and if we
ineieased the duty we required the goods 111
bom! to pay the increased duty. It is to do the
same justice to these importers that every
laiifl bill heretofore has done. There can be
no objection to it that I can see.
Mr.' BU ILEIl, of Massachusetts. I wish I
could believe that there could be no objection
to it.. In order to prevent smuggling the duty
on cigars was reduced as stated by my fiiend
from Iowa, and having reduced that, there was
a quantity of imported cigars left in bond.
They certainly cannot be smuggled. They are
under lock and key, and belong to this Govern-
ment until the duty is paid on them. A year
afterward gentlemen come here and propose to
reduce the rate of duty under which those
cigars were brought into the country, under a
rate of duty subsequently established. You
propose to let them out of bond under a differ-
ent rate of duty from that under which they
were imported. What is the fact? No man
can get those cigars out of the bonded ware-
houses unless he pays that duty, if we do'not '
pass the present provision. If we pass this I
amendment the importers can get them out at :
a less rate of duty than that under which they j
weie imported. Every dollar less is so much 1
taken from the revenue of the United States.
But it is said that is a hardship upon the
merchant importing these cigars.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
cigars now in bond can be exported for reim-
portation if they have to pay double the pres-
ent rate of duty ; and they certainly will be
taken out for exportation if we make them pay
double the rate of duty now imposed upon
imported cigars, so that by adoption of the
present provision the Government will lose
nothing.
Mr. ALLISON. And they have to pay a
tax of five dollars when taken out of bond.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The fact
that they have not been exported for this year
under this state of things shows that they will
not be exported. And we are told that they
are to pay in addition a tax of five dollars
which has been imposed upon them. So it is
ill reference to all other cigars. My friends do
not touch the question at all. The owners
were aware that the duty had been changed.
If all duties were changed at One time it would
then be fair ; but the difficulty is that the duty
was not changed in reference to all cigars im-
ported at that time. This provision, I think,
gives an unfair advantage to the inipoi ters who
hold their cigars m bond.
1 object, first, because it takes so much money
out of the revenue; and secondly, because if it
is said to be harsh to the owners of the cigars
I say that it is justified from the fact that if we
do not allow the reduction to all importers of
cigars at the same time it will be giving an
unfair advantage to those who have kept their
cigars in bond. 1 do not like this changing of
the laws to return back taxes which may be
millions in value.
Mr. ALLISON. I agree with the gentleman
in one respect, and I do not like this way of :
changing the laws ; but as we in the icvision of j
the tariff bill compelled them to pay three dollars '
a pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem, in addi- I
tiou to paying five dollars a thousand, it seems
to me it is but justice that these cigars should 1
be allowed to be taken out of bond under the !
present rate of duty instead of double the rate 1
of duty imposed upon other imported cigars.
It is a justice which has never been refused
before. I.do not think it is honest to compel ■
them to pay twice as much as we compel others j
to pay. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand the word "honest" as applied to j
taxation. Whenever it is sought to reduce j
taxation then it seems to be honest, but when •
we seek to collect the tax which we have im- ;
posed, then we are told that it is not honest, j
I say that the Government of the United States \
has a right to tax every one of these articles,
and that when we have imposed a tax that tax
ought to be collected. The difficulty has been
in the exclusions from taxation. One diffi-
culty arose when whisky on hand was excluded,
and the consequence was that the only benefit \
reaped from that exclusion was by a few men,
who made millions of dollars out of it; and 1
am sure if men have left their goods to stay in i
a bonded warehouse in this way for a year,
there must be some good reason for it. At [
anv rate 1 do not think it right to disturb the !
tax now imposed upon those goods. I
Mr. SCHENCK. There is nothing what- i
ever nevv in this. It is an adherence to the 1
long-established rule when the duty is changed.
When do dutiable goods pay their duty 1 When
landed in the country, or, if they go into bond,
when they are taken out of bond. When you
change the duty on imported goods, be it an
increase or decrease, it has always been the
practice to consider the law thus changed to
apply to whatever has not yet paid duty. Some-
times, though I think it a bad precedent, they
have gone further, and relieved goods already
afloat and not yet arrived in the country, and
which were shipped in good faith, as to what
the duty was by law. Here we changed the
duty on cigars in connection with the tax on
cigars, so as to prevent smuggling of imported
cigars, and thus protect the manufacture of
cigars in this country and secure revenue to
the Government. To what should it apply?
If it follows the precedents it will apply to all
cigars which have not yet paid duty, whether
they have arrived on shipboard and yet to bo
landed or are in bond. When that change was
made in the tax law that was omitted. Noth-
ing was said about it. It was an inadvertence,
and, as the gentleman from Iowa has said, the
attention of the committee was not directed
to it at all; but the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and the Secretary of the Treasury
called attention to the fact merely that this
smuggling was going on.
The proposition on the part of the committee
is to put these imported cigars now in bond,
when taken out, on the same footing as cigars
which are now imported. If we do not do
that, what will be the effect? Another man
can import cigars at a rate of duty only one
half as large as that imposed upon these cigars
now in bond. If you require the goods yet in
bond to pay the old high duty, which is twice
as much as the new duty, the importer now will
have that much advantage over the old im-
porter. It is simply an attempt to adapt this
provision in regard to these particular goods
to the uniform practice whenever the law has
been changed. When the duty has been raised
we have always required that the goods in
bond should pay the increased duty. We do
not allow the goods in bond to come in at the
low rate of duty so as to give an advantage
over the new importer. In this instance it is
proposed to let. the goods in bond be taken out
at the present late of duty, so that the new
importer shall not have an advantage over the
old importer.
1 repeat that it has been a uniform rule here-
tofore established that whenever there is an
increase of duty we have always required the
party whose goods were in bond to pay the
increased duty. What is fair in one case is
fair in another, and the Government ought not
to take advantage when the butt end of the
stick is towaul it and not deal in the same
I way when the sharp end of the stick was pre-
sented to it. The same uniform rule ought to
be adopted whether the duty be increased or
| decreased, and it is only fair that the goods
taken oat of bond should pay the duty under
the law at the time they are taken out of bond.
Mr. JUD1). It seems to be conceded by the
gentlemen who resist this amendment that if
it were in the law as it originally passed it
would have been right and just. To have made
a distinction between the cigars then in bond
and those afterward imported they seem to
concede would have been positively wrong. If
that be a proper statement of their argument,
if it were wrong then, why is it right now to
make that distinction ?
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
j a year has gone by. Does that affect the amount
; of revenue the Government will get irom these
j cigars when they are taken out of bond? There
i is a point which the gentleman does not seem
I to have considered at all. To enforce the law
| as it now is against bonded cigars, it will then
j become a question of reexportation and reim-
i portation.
1 Mr. B UTLEB, of Massachusetts. Why have
they not done that before !
Mr. JUDD. Because they supposed that
there would be enough justice in our legisla-
