1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
portion of this bill, and I desire to give the
history of it right here. I was on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means until a short time
ago, and the members of this House who were
here at the last session of Congress and asso-
ciated with me well know the fact that when
the proposition was made to reduce the tax on
whisky from two dollars per gallon to fifty
cents per gallon that proposition was pre-
sented to this House by itself. There was at
first no proposition connected with it for an
extension of the time that whisky could be
kept in bond. I opposed that reduction of
the tax, as did other members of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. The House, however,
agreed to it. And when I was beaten again
and again upon the proposition I finally voted
with the House for the reduction of the tax.
What do we see next? The very same men
that hung around Congress for three months,
and bowled aboutthe Committee of Ways and
Means day and night for a reduction of the tax
on whisky, saying that they wanted nothing
more, when tiiat reduction had bee* decided
upon came here and asked that the time lor
taking the whisky out of hand should be ex-
tended. That time was accordingly extended
for nine months.
I now state to this House that the very same
attorney and agents of that same set of whisky
men have been here this winter engaged in the
very same howling process as before for the
puipose of having the same extension of time
as was made before. Now, these things may
have no argument in them, but they are facts
whicli it is necessary for this House to know.
The man employed by these men as their attor-
ney, who represents these whisky men before
the revenue department, who has been before
the Committee of Ways and Means for two
years, has been here all the winter insisting
upon this proposition. And why? Merely for
the benefit ol a few individuals ; to put money
in the pockets of a few individuals, and but a
few. The tax on this whisky in bond, under
the old law, amounted to at least $50,000,000.
At one fell swoop you wiped out three fourths
of that amount. There is now about eight
million gallons of whisky in bond, the tax
upon which at the present rate is about four
million dollars. These gentlemen now come
forward again, very modest as they are, never
having asked Congress to do anything for them.
Now that jon have reduced the tax from two
dollars per gallon to fifty cents per gallon ;
now that you have extended the time nine
months for them to take their whisky out
of bond, these same men now come forward
again and ask you to extend the time for one
year more, and to put in this bill a tax of one
cent per gallon per month, or twenty-four per
cent, per year, if you will only extend the time.
In other ivord?, the Government is to loan them
$4,000,000 due from them as tax on whisky.
They ask that instead of compelling them on
the 20th of April to pay this money into the
Treasury, so that the Government may not be
swindled out of the. tax by frauds at these ware-
houses. the Government shall loan them this
sum of $4,000,000 for one year, they paying
for this loan one cent per gallon each month.
That is the whole effect of the proposition.
The Government is asked to loan to a few
whiskv men $4,000,000 for twelve months.
We have already leduced the tax on whisky
from two dollars per gallon to fifty cents, and
we have extended the time for the payment of
this tax on whisky in bond. Two years ago,
when the reduction of tax was proposed, and
when 1 opposed it, it was said that if thereduc-
tion was granted these men would ask nothing
more. Buttlieyliaveasked more. This House
has done from time to time just what the attor-
ney of these whisky men has asked.
Let me say that the Committee of Ways and
Means has always been divided in reference to
this matter The chairman and several other
members of the committee, including myself,
have always voted down this proposition m
committee. Not being now a member of the
committee I have a right to speak of this ques-
tion, and I say that we always voted down this
propositionin committee ; we reported against
it to the House. But upon one occasion the
House, on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] took such action
as amounted substantially to an instruction to
the committee to report such a provision as
that embraced in this bill. In accordance
with the declared wish of the House the com-
mittee have reported the provision now before
the House.
Now, why the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Kelley] should manifest the deep in-
terest which he has always exhibited in refer-
ence to the reduction of the whisky tax and
the extension of the time for its payment I
cannot say, unless it is because he has felt it
his duty to take the position he has taken in
reference to these questions. I presume that
is the reason. The gentleman urges that if we
do not adopt this measure half of the whisky
men in Philadelphia will be ruined. The out-
cry with reference to this matter is something
like that wo hear in regard to the iron ques-
tion. I suppose it may be said that the thirty-
second district of New York will be ruined
unless we adopt this provision, though it has
been shown by the evidence published to the
world more tnan a year ago that in that and
one or two other districts in New York the
Government is being robbed of millions of
dollars of revenue. And the case is the same
in Philadelphia. The very men who are
accused of robbing the Government have their
attornevs here asking us to adopt this prop-
osition for their benefit. Perhaps the gentle-
man would like to know who these attorneys
are. Does lie not know that his men in Phil-
adelphia, or a portion of them, entered into an
association with men in New York, the asso-
ciation consisting of sixty members ; that they
put their names upon a paper and elected a
president; that they employed attorneys; that
they sent an attorney here and have kept him
here for two years? Does not the gentleman
know that?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I do ; and the evidence
shows it. I know it is the fact. Gentlemen are
always talking here about a "whisky ring;" but
one hfllf of them do not know what that phrase
means. I will tell what it means. It means
an association of whisky men leagued together
in a secret organization, with a president, with
an attorney, with agents sent here to this Con-
gress ; and the members of this association
subscribe money, not for the purpose of hiring
anybody, not for any declared object, but they
subscribe money, which their attorney and
agents take ; and they never know what be-
comes of the money. 1 made an investigation
of this matter when I was a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I know
what I state. The very same association of
men by whom this is done are the men who are
to-day demanding that this proposition shall
be passed. And if this measure be adopted
it will be in the interest of the same rotten
"ling" that has already robbed the Govern-
ment of millions of dollars.
Mr. HAWKINS. Give us the names.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot give the names of
the fifty or sixty members composing this as-
sociation. I can give the name of one of the
attorneys. He is a man well known here.
Mr. HAWKINS. 1 hope the names will be
given. This House and the country ought to I
know who they are.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield for ten minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise, after the vehement
address of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logax,] to make the argument I made more
than once in the Fortieth and more than once
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress. 1 am not here
to speak of the kind of men of whom the gen-
tleman expressed such intimate knowledge. I
do not know them. I say to this House as 1
have said to former Congresses, that I bring to
ll the elucidation of this question the knowledge
I gathered in the large establishments of Phila-
delphia from gentlemen who, prior to the war,
were building up a trade in fine American
whiskies and excluding foreign liquors from
our market by presenting superior articles' of
home production. The firms from whom I
derive my knowledge, and whose interests I
advocate here frankly, as I do those of every
other American manufacturer, compare in his-
toric character and present reputation with
gentlemen engaged in any other business in
the country. I speak of such firms as John
Gibson's Sons & Co., of Henry S. Hannis &
Co., of the Catherwoods—the first and last of
these houses having existed more than sixty
years in the city 1 represent. Niire months
ago these, with eight or ten other houses of
equal character, held nearly twenty million
gallons of fine whisky, table whisky, such as
gentlemen who furnish liquor at all provide
for their friends, whisky such as has largely
excluded spurious French brandy from our
sideboards, and which, before the internal tax
was imposed on it, was entering largely into
our foreign export trade.
Allow me to say that these manufacturers
and dealers in fine whisky were the men who
paid the $13,000,000 of revenue which was
paid last year. Whatever fraud there was upon
the revenue was in the lower grades of whis-
kies. These finer qualities increase in value so
much by ago that the owners of them are ready
to add twelve cents on each gallon for the
privilege of holding them a year, or twenty-
four per cent, per annum to the tax.
Mr. Speaker, [ would be false and recreant
to the interests of my constituents if from the
apprehension of imputation or denunciation by
the gentleman from Illinois, or any other man,
I saw a great national or individual interest
sacrificed to gratify a few speculators. What
is the case we now have before us? Nine
months ago there were twenty-seven million
gallons of fine whiskies in bond, the duty upon
which was $13,500,000. To have forced the
owners to pay that amount of tax in ninety
days, as was proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, would have broken or embarrassed
pvery one of them. There would have been a
crash in the market, and combinations of specu-
lators would have come in and bought for a
song the life-long earnings of these men. In
nine months twenty-seven million gallons have
been reduced by the demands of trade to less
than seven millions.
The tax on this quantity is $3,500,000. Your
law as it stands says to these men: raise all that
money in twenty days or your whisky will be
confiscated, i did, as the gentleman from Illi-
nois said, come here and ask this House no;
not this House, but the House of Represent-
atives of the Fortieth Congress—to give them
a slight extension of time on the condition that
they°should pay one cent on each proof-gallon
for eaeh month it remained in bond. The
House said that was equitable. Gentlemen
said: we will not become the tools of sharks
and speculators, and break up the established
and legitimate business of the o ly men who
have paid the whisky tax for the advantage of
conspiring speculators. The House adopted
my amendment, and 1 am here to day to defend
it, and to ask that these men, these men of en-
terprise, energy, and honorable business charac-
terj these old firms, which, commencing long
ago in small beginnings have built up fortune
and reputation, may not be broken down or
compelled to sacrifice their stock by throwing
it upon a depressed and glutted market.
The penalty of one cent per month on each
| proof-galion will quicken tlieni to withdraw
i their whisky from bond. It is going out as fast
j now as there is commercial demand for it. In
' the last, nine months twenty million gal ions
I have been taken out, and it is fair to infer that
,j in three months the balance wilt be removed,
li Now, can the Government be ruined oi lu-
ll jured by failing to secure the tax on therema.u-
i in* six or seven million gallons for three months ?
Will not the finances be improved by gettin^
il quo cent, a month on eacn gallon for the next
