1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
Mr. SCHBNCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has not given the full history of this mat-
ter of the extension of the time for the with-
drawal of whisky in bond as it is spread upon
the public records. It is not proper for me at
least to go into any question as to whatever
took place in the last Congress or in this Con-
gress in the Committee of Ways and Means,
but it will be remembered that in the House
the proposition first made by the Committee of
Ways and Means was that all whisky should
be taken out of these bonded warehouses at
once. It was afterward thought to be justly
extended by allowing ninety days, time within
which to do it. Finally the House amended
the proposition made by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and extended it to six months.
In that shape the bill went to the Senate.
The Senate amended it so as to require all the
tax to lie paid and the whisky taken out of
bond within twelve months from the date ot
the passage of the act. The House disagreed
to that, and in the committee of conference
we finally compromised, and allowed nine
months, the Senate having insisted first upon
twelve months and the House upon six months.
Therefore, all whisky was required to be taken
out of these bonded warehouses within nine
months from the date of the passage of the
act. The act passed July 20, 1868, and there-
tore, on the 20th of April, 1869, some three
weeks from this time, whatever remains in
bonded warehouses must be removed and the
tax paid. As the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
LiOGAx] remarked, I have always happened to
be one of those who believed that tlie weight
of argument and of right is in favor of requir-
ing them to abide by this provision, to abide
by the nine months that was given them for
the payment of their taxes.
As has been already explained, the quantity
of whisky in bond is now reduced to some six
or seven million gallons ; and it is further true,
as has been stated, that it is generally whisky
of the finer class. One reason why 1 have been
unwilling to extend the time beyond the nine
months, besides the fact that they have hud
nine mouths within which to make their prep-
aiations, is this furiher consideration, that
whisky of that kind increases in value from
the first two years at the rate of about fifty
cents per ga.lon. If, therefore, whisky of this
finer class is allowed to remain there for a
year, although they should pay twenty-four
per cent.—that is, one cent a gallon per
mouth—to the Government as additional tax
to be superadded to the fifty cents,they would
still have a very gieat advantage under it in
getting an increase by the ripening of their
whisky. It may be said, however, that they
are kept out of the value of their whisky, that
(hey are subject to expenses of storage and
various losses upon the whisky; but, all things
consideied, even allowing that, the ripening
of the whisky will be at least equivalent to the
twenty-four cents and the damages, if not much
more, as I supposed it would be. I am dis-
posed, therefore, to abide by what, has been
done, and to require these men to remove this
remnant of whisky within the nine months lim-
ited by law, so that we may altogether close
up these warehouses which are what are called
'"bonded warehouse B.1'
Now, when the amended law in relation to
distilled spirits and tobacco was passed there
were a bout fifteen hundred of these warehouses
in the United States. Under the operation of
the law since that time they have been reduced
to about one hundred and fifty in number.
There is but one in ten. I think they ought
all 10 be closed up as speedily as possible, so
that wo may enter fully upon the new condi-
tion of things, when the tax on whisky is to be
paid at the time that it is remove*. from the
place of manufacture and put npontne luamet
for sale.
Allusion has been made—and 1 may not per-
haps have another opportunity to reter to it.
although I do not know that it is peitment. to
this amendment—to the tobacco stamps. JI
gentlemen will loots at tliio hill they will hud
that great care has been taken by the commit-
tee to propose an amendment in relation to
tobacco stamps.
When we agreed upon a stamp for distilled
spirits the Committee of Ways and Means
devised one, which has been printed, consist-
ing of a stump, a tax stamp, and coupons be-
tween the stump and the stamp; so that when
you removed the stamp and any portion of the
coupons the collector by whom they are de-
livered was responsible for the whole amount,
being credited with the number of coupons
left attached to the stump. These stamps
were executed in such a manner as to defy
counterfeiting so far as human ingenuity could
do so. That has not been the case with the
tobacco tax stamp. That was left to be pro-
vided by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, and was not provided for in the law. I
do not know whose fault it is; but the tobacco
tax stamps have been printed in a coarse way
upon very coarse paper, and even if spurious
issues have not been made from the original
plates there is still danger that they may be
counterfeited, and very easily. To remedy
that difficulty we have provided in this bill
that hereafter all special revenue stamps for
payment of the tax on tobacco and snuff in
packages of ore pound or more in weight shall
be numbered in continued series for each col-
lection district, and shall have a blank space
for the written signature of the collector to
whom they may be furnished, who shall sign
the same when sold by him ; and a registry
shall be kept of the amounts and the numbeis
of the stamps furnished to any collector; and
manufacturers or other person authorized to
purchase stamps shall purchase only of col-
lectors within their respective districts. This
j will interpose some of (hose checks, so far as
' they can be applied, which have been found
i so successful m regard to the whisky lax
stamps, and it will cut off the chance of our
suffering longer from the bad siamps adopted
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And one reason for passing immediately, or
at this session of Congress, some bill of this
kind is that at this very time the revenue is
probably suffering very considerably for the
want of'a full, complete, and perfect collection
of the tobacco tax, because the stamp now
used is almost worthless.
[Here the hummer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield four minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Maryland,
,j [Mr. Ai.giiku.]
I Mi. AHCIIKlt. I hope this House will not ;
1 adopt the amendment proposed by the gentle- |
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] to strike out j
Ij the paragraph extending the time for the pay- j
!, mcnt of the tax on whisky in bond. I think !
I with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ;
Keli.ey,] who has addressed the House on this
subject, that the same time ought to be given
to the American distiller which is given to the
dealer in foreign liquors in which to pay his
tax. The importer of foreign liquors can put it
into a bonded warehouse of the United States,
and by paying a small percentage can keep it
there for three years. Now, why draw this
distinction against our own people? Why not
j! extend to the American distiller the same ad-
! vantages that are extended to those who'import
j liquors from foreign countries .'
i It has been said by the gentleman from Illi-
i nois [Mr. Logan] that there have been attor-
] neys here representing the whisky ling. ^ If
: there are attorneys here on the one side there
! nre also attorneys heie on the other side of this
j interest. The attorneys of the rich distillers
j! ef the eountiy want this parugrapu stricken
i! out, because if that is done every poor man
Ij manufacturing or distilling whisky oil a small
; scale will be forced to bring his whisky into
• the imuket because he eannot boriow the money
ji Willi which to pay the tax. Then those distiil-
!i ers who have large means at their command
ji will immediately buy up the whisky thus brought
ji into the market by the small distillers, and
II they will hold it long enough to enable them
'  to advance the price of all ihewhi-ky they have
on hand. Therefore, if this bill shall pass as
reported by the honorablegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] extending this time
for one year, it will be in the interest of the
poorer class of distillers in this country.
It has been asserted by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] who proposes this amend-
ment that no advantage will be derived by the
Government by retaining this paragraph ; that
if it was stiiken out the tax would be paid
immediately, and in that way the Government
would derive an advantage. I say that this
Government will receive an advantage by leav-
ing this provision to stand as reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means. The whisky
can only remain in the bonded warehouses,
under the provisions of this bill, by paying an
additional tax of one cent per gallon each
month that it shall so remain. Now, one cent
per gallon is twenty-four per cent, per year
upon the rate of tax now imposed upon dis-
tilled spirits. The Government now pays six
per cent, interest upon its bonds. In this way
it will receive from these distillers, upon the
whisky which is allowed to remain in bond,
twenty-four per cent, upon the amount of tax
they are called upon to pay.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield two minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Ohio, fMr.
MUNGKN. ]
Mr. MUNGEN. I cannot say much in that
time, and therefore I will content myself by
simply saying that 1 am in favor of extending
the time for permitting this whisky to remain
in bond. I know that when the law of July
hist took effect a large proportion of the spirits
then in bond was taken out and put upon the
market, paying a tax of seventy-six cents per
gallon, directly and indirectly, and for a time
the market was glutted. [ know that those
who went into the business of distilling spirits
under the present law in good faith have put
their spirits in bond and have not yet had a
fair chance to sell it, but they will very soon
have such a chance. Say that there are six
million gallons now iu bond. If it is allowed
to remain in bond, by paving a tax of one cent
per gallon per month, the Government will
receive from that source alone at the rate ot
$:160,000 in bix months or $720,000 a year,
which is a larger amount than is paid to the
holders of bonds of the same amount as the
tax imposed upon this whisky. There will be
money made by the operation.
I wish to call attention again to the fact that.
1 all the fraud is not on the part of the men who
j make or deal in whisky. I know of two men
in my own district who have been utterly broken
I up by the Government agents. The firm of
! AJthausen Brothers have had their establish-
1 ment seized and put in the charge of a Gov-
! eminent official, who, as I have the proof to
;' show, was instructed to withdraw the spiiits
from some barrels in order to make out a case.
Hence 1 say the fault is not all on the part of
, the distillers. I am informed by members of
ji the Committee of Ways and Means that the
'i tax now received bv the Government from
whisky is averaging $50,000,000 a year, or more
j than four million dollais a month. I hear ot
j no shortcoming in the payment of the taxes
levied by the Government. Ythynot, then,
i give these distillers a fair chance '? I hope the
House will lefuse to strike out this provision,
I and will thus allow to the men engaged in this
t business an opportunity to prepare themselves
!: for the payment of the tax on the whisky they
1! have in bond. If you undertake to compel
I! them to pay at once the S45(i,000,000 which
'j would be required to pay the tax on all the
whisky now in bond you may find, using the
;j illustration of the old fable, that you have
killed the goose that laid the golden egg.
'! Mr. ALLISON. As my time is about to
expire. I desire to say that it is my purpose to
: call the previous question upon the pending
1 amendment as well as upon the bill, as I
agreed to do when I took the floor from the
Ij gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooi'Ei.. j
Before doing so, however, 1 desue to say, m
