386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. SUMNER. Then I understand my
excellent friend from Rhode Island proposes
to abandon those States during the present
session.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is abandoning those
States it is abandoning Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, and all the other States.
Mr. SUMNER. Ah, but the Senator knows
they are in a very different situation from Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, and all the other
States. They are in a situation that requires
congressional protection.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the Indian
appropriation bill at the last session took two
days, or a little over, to pass this body. It
will take at least one day now for the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
have considered the amendments reported from
his committee, and it will take at least one day,
and perhaps more, for the Committee on In-
dian Affairs to propose their amendments and
have them adopted. The bill will then go back
to the House, and if considered there at all
will take at least one day ; and if a committee
of conference is appointed it will take that
committee at least two days to consider the
bill and amendments properly, and perhaps
longer. That would consume the entire work-
ing time remaining of the session under this
resolution. If there should be any serious
disagreement between the two Houses it might
take six or seven working days to consider the
bill and dispose of it. As there are some other
bills that are also to be considered, I think the
time ought to be fixed as late as the Saturday
following the Tuesday proposed, as suggested
by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] I
should be in favor of the amendment fixing
the adjournment on Saturday week, provided
the time is to be fixed now ; but I think it
rather unsafe to fix the time until the Indian
appropriation bill is disposed of. That bill
failed at the last session for the want of time,
and it will not do to have it fail at this session.
It embraces appropriations necessary for car-
rying on the department, to prevent war with
the Indian tribes with whom treaties have been
made, which we are bound to carry out in good
faith. I hope the appropriations to carry out
those treaties will be properly considered be-
fore we allow that bill to go over without action,
unless we want another Indian war, which will
perhaps cost us ยง25,000,000. 1 hope that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maine will be adopted, if we are to fix the time
at all at present.
Mr. WARNER. I certainly am as anxious
to get home as any Senator here can be, but I
concur, as a neighbor of the people of Georgia,
most heartily in the remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts, that it is a duty imposed
upon us to determine the status of Georgia.
Georgia stands in a different position to the
country and to Congress from any of the other
States. Texas and Mississippi and Virginia
may wait, but Georgia is half in and half out
of the Union. Her members have been in the
other House. Laws have been passed there
and defeated by their votes. Now they are
excluded. We have driven their members
irom the other House, and it does seem to me i
it is incumbent upon this Congress before it
shall separate to determine whether Georgia is
in or out of the Union. If she is in the Union,
if she has fairly complied with the conditions
which Congress itself has prescribed for her,
then she and her people are entitled to repre-
sentation here, and to a voice in making the
laws which bear upon them in common with
the rest of the country. If Georgia is not in
the Union, if she has not complied with the
conditions prescribed for her, or if there are
other conditions to be made, we owe it to her
people to say what those conditions are, and
to tell her how she may get into the Union.
In my opinion, if there is any one question that
is important in this country it is to know what
constitute the States of this Union, and I think
we cannot, injustice to ourselves, in justice to
the country and to the people of Georgia, ad-
journ until we have determined that question.
It is, i ndeed, a very serious question to the coun-
try. It is a serious matter to the people of
Georgia, and they will have good ground to
find fault with us if we shall adjourn without
taking definite action, one way or the other,
upon her case. There has not been such ac-
tion in regard to these other States, although
action is needed in regard to them. Legisla-
tion is needed for the protection of the people
of the other States, but the case of Georgia is
a peeuliar one. It i3 a question to be decided
whether she is in or out of this Union, and
if there is any one question, it seems to me,
important to be decided, important to the
country, and important to us politically, it
is to settle her status.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am not troubled at
all with the question of Georgia. My opinions
are very definitely fixed upon that matter, and
I do not feel inclined to discuss it now. But,
sir, I do not know but that we may get through
at the time that is suggested by my colleague,
a week from Saturday. We ought to get through
by that time with everything that is essential,
in my judgment, everything that we intended
to act upon ; and if the Senate see fit to fix
that time I shall not complain, although it is
against my judgment to fix any time just yet.
I do not think, and I may be pardoned for re-
peatingit, that we can safely fix the day until we
have seen how long the Indian appropriation
bill is to take and what other appropriation
bill is to come from the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any other?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir ; a bill in the
nature of a deficiency bill coming from tlie
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not take long.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how long
it will take. Those bills sometimes take a con-
siderable length of time. Under these circum-
stances I shall vote against the motion of my
colleague. I nevertheless say that if it should
prevail, and Saturday week should be fixed, I
think the succeeding Tuesday would be a bet-
ter day, or Monday, as the case might be ; it
makes no difference to me, however. We may
get through by that time ; but if we do it will
only be because Senators make up their minds
not to tell the Senate on every question what
they know, or think they know, and not satis-
fied with that, tell it over again for several days
in succession. If they can make up their minds
generally to refrain, and if I can mine, to be
satisfied with saying a thing once, possibly we
might get through in that time; but if not, I
despair of doing so.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote for the res-
olution to fix the day on the 10th, as proposed
by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin'. J I
should vote for the resolution, however, with
more satisfaction as it has come from the
House, although one of the last votes that I
should like to give would be to dissolve this
session before everything has been done which,
in truth, is incumbent upon us. Now, sir, the
last three years have been filled with sessions
of Congress, ordinary and extraordinary; filled
with sessions which have been emblematic of
the war, brought about and necessitated by
the war; and I believe that if there be any-
thing of which the people of the country are
tired it is these extraordinary proceedings, the
justification for which has been found in the
rebellion alone. I believe if there be anything
the people are anxious to do it is to resume
the old modes, the old customs, the old usages,
which were good in the times of their fathers,
and which have always been good to the pres-
ent day, except so far as the occasion to which
I have referred has rendered extraordinary
proceedings necessary.
I should differ with great reluctance from
any suggestion made by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations had he not as-
signed the reasons for his opinion, which we
are able therefore to measure with some degree
of accuracy. Here is an Indian appropriation
bill which was considered at the last session.
All the amendments, in substance, now pro-
posed were considered at the last session by
the committees of -both Houses and by each
House to a conclusion, and considered also in
a committee of conference. .Now, the ques-
tion is whether the Indian appropriation bill
can with reasonable certainty be matured in
ten days. Does anybody doubt that? Would
any man doubt it if he had had no experience
in either House of Congress; but can he doubt
it in the face of what we see at the end of
every session ?
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex]
says he hopes to see the time when Senators
will content themselves with a single statement
of their views. If I might make the sugges-
tion without being disrespectful to anybody, I
would suggest to him that he will see that time
when we fix the day of adjournment, and he
will never see it before. When we have a day
fixed we can work up to that day. We can
stay later or adjourn earlier day by day as the
case requires, and the discretion and sense of
every Senator will govern him as to the latitude
of his utterances and their frequency. But if
we are to sit here, with motions such as we
have every day to take up all sorts of private
bills, all sorts of contested matters, and all
sorts of public matters, we may go on until
August and practically we shall be no nearer
an adjournment than we are now.
The deficiency bill has been referred to. Very
well, sir. The chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations in the House, if I do not vio-
late the rule by saying so, made no secret in
the House of the fact that he spoke the senti-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations
after a consideration of thisvery subject, to wit,
the appropriate day of adjournment. There-
fore it would be a very violent presumption in
us that something is lying behind in the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in the House, or
coming from that committee, which, in truth,
needs a time longer than this. Therefore, if
we are to adhere to what is understood to have
been determined by the majority as the limit
of legislation, I can see no reason why we can-
not adjourn providently on Tuesday next, doing
everything in the mean time, and doing it delib-
erately.
The Senator from Massachusetts says there
is a,good deal of executive business. To be
sure there is. Does the honorable Senator
doubt that the Senate is to be called to remain
here in executive session ? And does he doubt
that that, would be true, in all probability, if
we should extend for another week, or still
another, the proposed time of adjournment?
But, as the Senator from Wisconsin said, why
should we keep the House here, more partic-
ularly why should we keep ourselves obstructed
with measures of legislation, when there is a
large accumulation of executive business which
we want all the hours of the day, with oilier
business put aside, properly to transact? That
is one of the reasons I have for voting to fix
an early day for the adjournment of Congress,
that the attention of the Executive and the
attention of the Senate may be devoted exclu-
sively to that description of business.
I agree with the Senator that it would be
well to take up the subject of naturalization.
I ventured to call attention to it before. I shall
press it upon the attention of the Senate if in
truth, in place of adhering to the list of meas-
ures which it is understood are to receive pref-
erence at the hands of the majority, all sorts
of bills are to be advanced; and I shall en-
deavor to press it earnestly, because I conceive
and argue that it is of overmastering import-
ance when compared with many a measure
which day after day it is proposed to take up
But 1 understand the judgment of the Senau-
to be that that legislation, for example, uiul
other subjects to which the Senator has called
attention are not of that urgent emergency now
which makes it worth while to stay here in tins
extraordinary session. I understand the sense
of the majority to be that they may safely abide
the event of the next regular session.
Therefore, we come back to the Indian
appropriation bill and the deficiency bill ; and
I say that it. would be ignoring entirely our
