1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3-87
■own experience and knowledge and the judg-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations in
the House, and of the House itself, to doubt
■that by Saturday night next both those bills
can be disposed of just as satisfactorily as they
will be if they run on here day after day inter-
spersed with a variety of motions to take up
private bills and other bills, and this practice
•continuing to which the Senator from Maine
has adverted, in which some of us indulge, of
stating too frequently what it would suffice to
state once, or what perhaps might be omitted
altogether without serious detriment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two bills that
■ought to be considered by the Senate before we
adjourn that have not been alluded to by either
of the Senators, and I think the public interest
demands that they should be considered.
Mr. CONKL1NG. What are they ?
Mr. SHERMAN. One is the measure to
provide securities to the Government for the
completion of the Pacific railroad across the
continent and fixing a point beyond which
neither of the branches of the railroad shall
claim subsidies. That is a matter in which the
public interest, is greatly involved, and which
demands a vote of the Senate at this session.
Another is the amendments that were adopted
yesterday by the House of Representatives to
the tax bill. I suppose they will take but very
little time, if I understand them. I do not
know the precise form in which they have
passed. Butin my judgment the bill to which
1 allude, in regard to the Pacific railroad, re-
quiring the withholding of securities to secure
the completion of both branches of the road,
and also fixing the terminus of both branches,
and preventing what 1 regard as a very extraor-
dinary proceeding, the enjoining of the elec-
tion of the officers of the road, ought to be
acted upon before the adjournment. I am dis-
posed, therefore, in the present unsettled condi-
tion of the business of the Senate, to follow
the advice of the Senator from Maine and vote
against the adjournment, with the conscious-
ness that we can at any time take up the reso-
lution to adjourn and agree upon it at as early
a day as possible. lain as anxious to getaway
as any one; but I do not wish to do so at the
expense of the public interests and the public
business.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I have
listened in this debate for a single reason
for fixing so early a period for the adjourn-
ment of Congress. The honorable Senator
from New York has dilated upon the frequent
sessions of Congress for the last three years,
and he says the people have become tired of
them. 1 n what way have the people expressed
their dissatisfaction with Congress for its fre-
quent sessions? I do not see it in the public
press : I do not see it in any expressions by the
people; but they have generally approved of
the course of Congress in meeting at the dif-
ferent times at which Congress has met during
the last two years at least. Sir, the public
sentiment of the country indorsed the meeting
■of Congress in July, 1867, so far as I could
understand it. It indorsed the providing for
other meetings of Congress to meet emergen-
cies that might arise; and I believe that the
people of this country will approve of Con-
gress remaining in session now just so long as
is necessary to meet the condition of Georgia,
Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia, and to pro-
vide a new naturalization law, and certain
other measures which have been named by
Senators. . .
Now, what is the haste? Where is it I 1
hear of no expression from the people demand-
ing of Congress to adjourn. On the contraiy,^
I believe that the people of this country, if
tliev gave expression to their feelings, would
demand of Congress to remain in session until
it has settled the status of Georgia and the
other reconstructed States. As my honorable
friend from .Alabama has said, it' Georgia is
restored her Senators are entitled to admission
in this Chamber. If she is not restored, and
has not complied with the conditions ot recon-
struction, then there is a solemn obligation
resting upon this Senate to sit here until it
does provide legislation which shall meet the
demands of the occasion. Neither you, Sen-
ators, nor I can go before the people and answer
this one question : is Georgia restored to the
Union? No. Why? I am mute, and so are
you. If she is reconstructed, if she has com-
plied with the terms of reconstruction, why did
you not admit her ? If she is not, why did you
not stay in session and provide the necessary
legislation? It is either one thing or the other,
and you cannot answer it. I think I understand
the public sentiment of the country as well as
other Senators, and I believe, in my deliberate
judgment, that this is the sentiment of the
people, to meet this case now. Furthermore,
in the name of those who are authorized to
speak in behalf of Georgia, in the name of the
loyal Union people there who are without pro-
tection, I demand that we meet the case and
provide the legislation which is necessary. Sir,
as I said on a former occasion, the time of
these Senators belongs to the country. We
are not employed by the day but by the year,
and it is our duty to do our work and then
adjourn, and not until then.
Mr. President, I see no way of avoiding these
issues ; and I furthermore say that we cannot
dispose of the question of Georgia and the other
States between now and next Tuesday or next
Saturday week. I am therefore for going to
work and diligently pursuing these questions
and disposing of them, and then fixing the time
for adjournment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I indorse what my hon-
orable friend, the Senator from Nebraska, says
most heartily. I, for one, as a southern man,
am not willing to leave this Hall or this Con-
gress without doing something for the loyal
people of Georgia. Therefore 1 move to amend
the amendment by striking out the "10 th" and
inserting the "15th."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina moves to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the loth.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I wish to say one word
in reply to the honorable Senator from Ne-
braska, who presents as an apparent issue
between himself and me the subject of Georgia.
I have made no reference to Georgia. I have
some impressions with regard to it which at a
proper time I shall bo very happy to discuss
with the Senator or with other Senators.
He states with great affirmance bis opinion
of the sentiment of the people of the country.
In order that he may not misunderstand me,
I beg to tell him in a few words what I believe
the sentiment of the people to be on the point
to which he has relerred. The people have just
chosen an Administration in wfiieii so far the
people, I believe, have confidence unimpaired,
from the Executive of the nation no message
has been received, no communication, con-
taining recommendations or suggesting any line
of legislative policy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from New York suspend his remarks?
The morning hour having expired, the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the bill (H.
R. No. 123) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending .lune 30, 1870, is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish this subject.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. We cannot get through
with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Hie Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr.'EDMUNDS. I ask the Chair whether
this question between the two Houses of ad-
I journing their respective bodies is not a priv-
ileged question, which, being up, displaces for
i the time the general order of business? I think
; U The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
; from Vermont will give the rule under which
i the Chair can make that ruling he will do so
with pleasure. The ruling would be good in
the House of Representatives, but the Chair
thinks it is not in the Senate, the rule here
being imperative that the unfinished business
must come up at one o'clock unless displaced
by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure the practice
has always been to regard these as privileged
questions which, when up, kept their places
until a vote of the Senate displaced them. The
Chair will observe that in the Senate rules we
have no such classification as questions of
privilege more properly than privileged ques-
tions, as is had in the House; but upon the
general principle of parliamentary law I feel
quite sure that a question of this kind between
the two Houses is one which, when under con-
sideration, holds its place until the Senate
directs that it shall be set aside as a matter of
eoutempt or any disorder occurring in the
Chamber. I am quite sure that has been the
practice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair of
course is not as familiar as Senators who have
served for years with the practice of the Sen-
ate ; but he is of the impression that the rule
is so imperative that even a question of priv-
ilege would be now superseded. The highest
question of privilege there can be in a parlia-
mentary body is the discussion of the creden-
tials of a member claiming a seat on the floor ;
and the Chair is informed that even cases of
that kind have given way at one o'clock to the
unfinished business. If that has been the rul-
ing, the Chair cannot of course for a matter
of lesser importance supersede the unfinished
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the order of tho
day will be proceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I think by unanimous
consent we might be allowed to do some morn-
ing business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. It can
wait until to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object, unless we can
finish this privileged question.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless we limit debate
we had better not fix the day of adjournment.
The whole morning hour has been consumed
without allowing a report to be made.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
j The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 123)
making appropriations for the currentand con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 80,1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. HARLAN. As the body of this hill
has heretofore passed both branches of Con-
gress, and has passed the House at the present
session, unless some Senator desires it I more
that the reading of the text of the bill be omit-
ted, and that only those clauses proposed to
be amended be read with the amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I do not
think I can get along with the bill in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any member
has the right to demand the reading of the
entire bill. The Chair understands the usage
of the Senate is to consider the amendments
of the Committee on Appropriations as the
reading of the bill progresses. After its com-
pletion it will then be open to other amend-
ments. The Secretary will read the bill, and
if there be no objection the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations
will be considered as the bill is read and they
are reached in their order. The Chair bears
no objection, and that course will be pursued.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the biff.
The first amendment of the Committee on
! Appropriations was in line eleven, to strike
out "fifty-eight" and insert 'fifty-nine, and
!l in lines eleven and twelve, to strike out Silo,-
