388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
200" and insert "$114,700;" so as to make
the clause read:
For the pay of eleven superintendents of Indian
affairs and of fifty-nine Indian agents, $114,700.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend that
amendment by making the appropriation $117-
700, and changing the word " eleven," in line
ten, to " twelve so as to provide for twelve
superintendents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation of that amendment. I am not
quite convinced of its propriety.
Mr. HARLAN. The necessity of it is to
conform to the law and treaties and the subse-
quent part of this same clause in the bill.
There are in fact twelve superintendents of
Indian affairs. The number named in the bill
is eleven. I do not know of any superintendent
that can be dispensed with during the coming
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ob-
serve that there are now three superintendents
for the tribes east of the Rocky mountains, and
the other House changed that to two.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to amend that by changing the
two to three. There are now three. This has
reference tothesuperintendenciesin Nebraska,
Kansas, and the Indian territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The House of Repre-
sentatives were of opinion that two would
answer for all those.
Mr. HARLAN. Three are provided for by
law, and there is no law abolishing any one of
them that I am aware of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any other law
in regard to them than the bills appropriating
the salaries?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so. There are what
is called the northern superintendeney, now
located at Omaha, Nebraska ; the centralsuper-
intendency, located in Kansas, moved from St.
Joseph to Kansas sometime since; and the
southern superintendeney, in the Indian ter-
ritory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will see
that as the clause now stands in the bill there
are but eleven provided for. There was one form-
erly from Montana ami Idaho, and the House
have changed that and made two, one for Mon-
tana and one for Idaho, and struck out one for
the tribes east of the ltocky mountains. Now,
it these are all that are necessary, it is hardly
worth while to make an issue with the House
upon that particular point. It seems that the
committee of the House were satisfied with that
number. If the honorable Senator will explain
to the Senate, upon his own responsibility, that
th fee are absolutely necessary for the tribes east
of the Rocky mountains, it may change the mat-
ter ; but if it is only to get back to the number
we had before, and no particular reason is to
be given for it except that we had that number
before, 1 think it is hardly worth while to make
an issue with the House on that point. The
desire is to encourage when we can, and it is
best to follow the lead of the House unless we
see very good reasons to the contrary. The .
Committee on Appropriations thought it was i
best to leave this matter as the House put it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is as well
capable of judging as I am. I tell him where j
the superintendences are located. He prob-
ably is aware of the aumber of Indian tribes
in each one of them.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. The law is simply this,
tnat the President may appoint three. It does
not render it imperative.
Mr. HARLAN. Probably not.
Mr; 1E8SENDEN. If Congress appropri-
ates for but two, only two will be appointed.
Mr. HARLA N. I he offices are in existence
and are now filled, and the question would
arise which one of them should be abolished.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter ofdis-
cretion with the President, of course.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know of any one
of them that could be abolished with propriety.
Nebraska is represented on this floor by two
able Senators. If we can dispense with the
Indian superintendeney in Nebraska they will
so inform the Senate. Kansas is also repre-
sented by two able Senators. If there is no
longer a necessity for an Indian superintendent
in Kansas I hope they will so state. No one,
I apprehend, will pretend that there is not a
necessity for a superintendent in the Indian
territory proper.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa how that committee came
to dispense with the services of a superintend-
ent in the Territory of Dakota, where, above all
other parts of the country, one is required ? I
think it was upon the recommendation of the
Committee on Indian Affairs that that was done
at the close of the last session of Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. That has not been done.
The Committee on Indian Affairs did propose
it at the last session, but do not now propose it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then they have withdrawn
that ?
Mr. HARLAN. Influenced by the facts and
arguments piesented partly by the Senator
from Minnesota, they do not think it wise to
abolish that superintendeney.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators will observe
that this amendment applies not to agents, but
to superintendents. The number of agents is
not changed, but the House of Representatives
thought it wise to diminish the number of
superintendents, and that, with the number of
agents provided for, two superintendents would
be sufficient east of the Rocky mountains, and
I have heard no reason assigned to the con-
trary except that heretofore we have had three.
The House desire to retrench a little in that
direction, and as the matter is under the con-
trol of the President he may appoint or not.
1 hope the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa will not be adopted.
Mr. THAYER. 1 desire to say that the
necessity for these superintendences arises from
the fact of the wide extent of territory over
which the Indian tribes are located. The vari-
ous agents are under the supervision of the
superintendents ; they do not report directly to
the Indian Office here. There are three super-
intendents for the vast region stretching from
Montana to Texas. The same reasons exist
as before to require three superintendents ; now
two are not sufficient to take jurisdiction of all
the Indians in that wide extent of territory,
and it has been deemed a matter of economy
to the Government., and it has been supposed
that the interests of the Indians and of the
Government were better protected by having
that vast region divided into three superintend-
encies.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. ROSS. There is, in my judgment, great
necessity for continuing these three superintend-
eiicies east of the Rocky mountains. The super-
intendeney of Kansas, probably, is to be dis-
continued at the end of the current year. The
business is now being wound up, being in pro-
: cess of being put in shape so that the office can
be discontinued ; but utml that is done it is for
the interest of the Government that it should
be retained. I understand that this proposi-
tion was put in by the House of Representa-
tives with a view to the discontinuance of the
southern superintendeney, which is, by all odds,
the iargest and most important of the three.
It can just as well be done at the end of this
year; it cannot be done now without a good
deal of inconvenience.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
try it, at any rate.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes eight, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa proposed !wo amendments.
Mr. HARLAN. The other amendment is
not now necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion then recurs on the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line sixty
the following words:
For provisions for Indians visiting superintend-
enoies and agencies, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-six,
to increase the appropriation " for vaccina-
tion of Indians and furnishing vaccine matter"
from $1,(550 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and three, in the appropriations for the
Apaches, Kiowas, and Oomanches, to strike
out '•$22,750" and to insert in lieu thereof
" $80,000 so as to make the clause read:
For second of thirty installments, to bo expended
under the tenth article of treaty of October 21, 1867,
concluded at Medicine LodgeCreek, in Kansas, with
the Kiowas and Comanches, and under the third
article of the treaty of the same date made with the
Apaches, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and six, to strike out "$9,715" and in-
sert in lieu thereof " $26,000 ;" so as to make
the item read :
For purchase of clothing, under the same article
and treaty, $26,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fourteen, to strike out "$6,060"
and to insert in lieu thereof " $8,000;" so as
to make the clause read :
For the erection of a steam circular saw-mill, with
a grist-mill and shingle-machine attached, under the
same article of the same treaty, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and eighteen, to strike out the word
" three " after the word " fifty ;" so as to read :
For pay of farmer, carpenter, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, under the fourteenth article of said
treaty, S3,950.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty, to
strike out "$137 50" and to insert in lieu
thereof "$1,200;" so as to read :
For salary of a physician, under same article of
same treaty, $1,?00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and twenty-two and one hundred and
twenty-three, to strike out " $758 50" and to
insert in lieu thereof " $1,000 so as to read :
For salary of a teacher, under same article, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and thirty, to strike out " $568 62" and
to insert in lieu thereof " $750 so as to read :
For building a dwelling-house on the reservation
for Tosh-ewa or Silver Brooch, the Comanche chief,
under the fifteenth article of same treaty, $750.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and thirty-five and one hundred and thirty-
six, to strike out" $379 25" and insert ''$500
so as to make the clause read :
For the first of three installments, to be ex-pended
in presents to the ten persons of said tribes who in
the judgment of the agent may grow the most valu-
able crops for the period named, under the same arti-
cle, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and thirty-eight and one hundred and
j thirty-nine, to strike out " $5,309 " and insert
! " $5,000," so as to read :
: For transportation of goods to the Apaches, Kio-
was, and Comanches, under sarno article, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insertafter line
one hundred and thirty-nine the following
words :
For this amount to pay J. C. D. Blackburn for
; subsistence furnished to the friendly Kiowa, Co-
manche, iind Apache Indian*, and to the Wichita
and other affiliated bands ot Indians within the
Wichita agency, at Fort Cobb, m the Indian territory,
$158,841 5S.
The amendment was agreed to.
