390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Ore-
gon perhaps can inform the Senate on that
point.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to this fact: I read an account
the other day of millions of bushels of wheat
that were being shipped from California to
Europe, and some being sent from California
to the Atlantic ports. Now, upon what theory
is it that when the Pacific slope can afford to
send wheat around Cape Horn into our mar-
kets, they ask us to pay a larger compensation
to people living there performing duty for the
Government in any capacity than we are com-
pelled to pay on this side ?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think that those
employes live from the products that they
raise on the farms. Many of them have fami-
lies, and they work there. If you want a good
superintendent of farming you should employ
a man of family to goupon the reservation and
to live there. He cannot support himself and
family on $750 in legal tenders, which must
be reduced to gold to be available to him.
Everything that he uses has to be sent from
this part of the country to that, except his
actual living, flour, &c. Wages are higher
there. Although the Senator from Maine says
we ought to employ men as cheap there as we
do on this side, it is a well-known fact that it
is not so. People go there to better their con-
dition. They go there expecting to get higher
wages, and they do obtain higher wages in every
class of employment, and higher wages there
in gold, in many cases, than are paid here in
greenbacks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is paid to a
mechanic in the town where the Senator lives?
Mr. CORBETT. Six dollars a day in gold
for a bricklayer ; for a carpenter four dollars in
gold, and some five dollars a day. Common day
laborers for gardening purposes, &c.,get three
dollars a day in gold ; hod carriers get three
dollars a day in gold. In that state of facts
you can see that a farmer cannot be employed
there as cheap as he can on this side—not a
man that you want to trust and put upon the
reservation who will instruct tile Indians and
show them how to raise their crops. Such a
man cannot be employed for less than $1,000
a year. I hope that certainly this will not be
cut. down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall not vary
from what the committee has agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] to the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected ; there being on a division.—ayes 10,
noes, 25.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and eighty-two. to strike out " seventh "
before "smith" and insert '-black."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropri-
ations for the Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake
Winnebagoshish bands, to insertafter " educa-
tion," in line fourhundredandfif'teen,thewords
" including compensation of teacher ' and in
linefour hundred and seventeen, before " thou-
sand" to strike out" one" and insert" three ;"
so as to make the clause read :
For fifteen of twenty installments for purposes of
education, including compensation of teacher, per
third article of treaty 224 February, 1855, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four hun-
dred and twenty and four hundred and twenty-
one, to strike out " $1,210" and insert
"$2,000;'' so as to read:
For last of fifteen installments for support of two
smiths and smitfis'sliops, per third artule treaty 22d
February, 1855, 82,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and ninety, to strike out" carpeting" and
insert " carpentering."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line six
hundred and twenty-one, at the close of the
appropriations for the Creeks, to insert:
For this amount required to pay the expenses of
taking a census and investigating the claims of loyal
refugee Indians and freedmen, per fourth article
treaty June It, 1886, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and sixty-seven, in the appropriations for
the Dwamish and other allied tribes in Wash-
ington Territory, to strike out "$1,500" and
insert "$3,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the establish-
ment and support of an agricultural and industrial
school, and to provide said school with a suitable
instructor or instructors, per fourteenth article
treaty 22d January, 1855, 83,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and ninety-two, in the appropriations for
the Makah tribe, to striks out " $1,500" and
insert "$2,000;" so as to make the item read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for pa.y
of teachers, per eleventh article treaty 31st January,
1835, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eight hundred and eighty-nine, in the appro-
priations for the Navajoes:
For insurance and transportation for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, $15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Ap-
propriations knew very little about that partic-
ular provision. They found it in the bill as
it passed the Senate at the last session ; and
on looking over the debate on the subject they
found the explanation of it given by the honor-
able Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and that expla
nation seemed to render it necessary. I shall
be obliged to him if he will explain to the Sen-
ate precisely the principle on which this appro-
priation is founded and the sum fixed. We
took it from his statement before.
Mr. HARLAN. The Navajo Indians have
been moved up from the Pecos river, at the
point called the Bosque Redondo, to their old
homes in the mountains of New Mexico, a long
distance from any kind of river or railroad
communication, and it is believed that atleast
that amount will be necessary. The amount
estimated for is larger, but the Committee on
Indian Affairs thought thatpossibly the Depart-
ment might succeed in conveying the necessary
supplies and goods for the amount named. 1
suppose that it would be impossible to get
along with a less amount of money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand there was
no estimate by the Department for it.
Mr. HARLAN. There was an estimate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An estimate sent to
the Committee on Indian Affairs ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so. I understand
there was a regular estimate for it, and the sum
named in the estimate was larger than this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not in the book
of estimates.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it was a separate
estimate. That grew out of the fact of the
removal of the Indians after, perhaps, the ori-
ginal draft of the estimates had been made by
the Interior Department and Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We inserted it on the
faith of the Indian Committee and the state-
ment made by the chairman, and proposed,
therefore, to let it go.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no doubt that
that amount will be necessary ; the only ques-
tion is whether the service can be performed
for so small a sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line eight
hundred and ninety-two:
For deficiency in the appropriation for amount of
deficiency expended in subsisting the Navaje«s at
the Bosque Redondo. according to the contract mad®
by Theodore H. Dodd, from the 22d of May, 1868',
until their removal to their old homes, $1,155 90.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eights
hundred aud ninety-nine, to insert:
Sisseton and Wuh peton:
For survey of reservation for the Sisseton and
Wahpeton bands of Dakota or Sioux Indians, as per
third, fourth, and fifth articles of the treaty with
said Indians of February 19, 1867, $45,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tion for the Nez Percys, in line nine hundred
and niaeteen, to strike out "$2,200" and
insert "$3,200 so as to read :
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching and two
teachers, per fifth article treaty lltb June, 1855;.
53,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines nine hun-
dred and twent.y-nine and nine hundred and
thirty, to strike out "$8,000" and insert
" $8,250;" so as to make the clause read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming and twn°
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon and
plow maker, per fifth article treaty Ilth Jane, 1855..
88,250.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs instruct me to move to amend that-
amendment by making the amount appropri-
ated $9,400.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
why. I see no other reason but the estimate.
The Senate will see that there are eleven per-
sons provided for in the clause. We allowed
them $750 each, precisely as in the other cases,
making $8,250. I see no reason why it should
be increased in that particular case more thaii
in other cases.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that this agency
is located up in Idaho, in a gold-bearing coun-
try, where labor is still higher than it is in that
portion of the country of which I spoke before-.
The Committee on Indian Affairs made their
estimates as low as it was thought eould pos-
sibly suffice to carry on this agency. They
allowed $1,000 for the superintendent of fann-
ing, $800 each for two farmers, $1,000 each
for two millers, and 8>800in greenbacks, which
would be $000 in gold, for the other employes.
There is great complaint at even this estimate.
I had a letter from the agent there stating that
one of the millers wasgoing to leave in conse-
quence of the price, and would not stay for less
than $1,000 a year, and the agent was obliged
to pledge him that he would pay the difference
out of his own salary before the miller would
consent to stay. It seems to me that this is
not unreasonable for the pay of employes in
that interior country, in the gold region. I
have here the estimate of the committee. It.
is $1,000 for the superintendent of farming,
$800 each for two farmers, $1,000 each for two
millers, $800 for the blacksmith, $800 for the
tinner, $800 for the carpenter, and $800 for
the wagon and plow maker, making altogether
$9,400; and I think that is as low as we ought
to expect this service for. Certainly a miller
cannot be had for less than $1,000. The
Indians are trying to raise grain, and it is
important that they should have a miller.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
adhere to the rule we adopted in the other
case. I do not like to yield to this idea that
we should give increased pay because this is
on a gold coast I am satisfied myself that
men who go to that coast to establish them-
selves would be very glad of this employment
while they are there. As the superintendent
of farming may be of a different class some-
what and require more skill I have no objec-
tion to adding $250 to his pay and allowing him
$1,000; but as to the others, I think they ought
to remain where the Committee on Appropria-
tions put them, at $750.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask my friend from
Maine if he will not extend the $1,000 to the
millers?
