392
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
one physician, and two teachers, per fourth article
treaty 9th June, 185o, $8,450.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Yakama nation, to strike out
'*§1,500," in line fourteen hundred and ninety-
nine, and insert $3,200$" so as to make the
clause read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching ami 'wo
teachers per tilth article treaty 9th June, 1855, $3,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen
hundred and five, after the word "thousand"
to insert kitwo hundred and fifty;" so as to
make the clause read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon and
plow maker, per fifth article treaty 9th June, 1855,
$3,250.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs was instructed
to move to increase that amount.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee instructed
rac to recommend an amendment to that amend-
ment, so as to make it read 4'$11,400." The
Senator from Oregon can explain that, as he is
more familiar with it than X am.
Mr, CORBETi1. That is the estimate of the
department.
Sir. FESSENDEN. That is the same ques
tion that was raised before with regard to the
farmers, &c.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. The estimate of tlie depart-
ment, if the honorable Senator will permit me,
is $11,400.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see that it is; but
it is the same question that the Senate has
already settled twice with regard to the pay of
those employes.
Mr. HARLAN". But perhaps the Senator
from Maine will agree in this case, as he did
in the other, to increase the pay of the super-
intending fanner.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is by adding
$250, makiug the appropriation $8,500. 1 do
not think it«would be unreasonable to put it
at that.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to adopt the
judgment of the Senate. We have had one
square vote on this subject.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 suppose we have had a
square vote. Rev. J. H. Wilbur is in charge
of this agency, a man who is devoted to the
Indians, and the money is honestly expended.
He is doing a great deal therefor the Indians,
ard if this appropriation is reduced it will crip-
pie him very much. 3 am very sorry that such
a reduction should be made, in his case espe-
cially.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
do it, or try it, at any rate.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to change "two
hundred and fifty " tolive hundred." I un-
der stand the Senator from Maine agrees to
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment will be considered as agreed to if there
be no objection. Does the Senator from Iowa
•withdraw his other amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. I will not insist on the
other amendment.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line fifteen
hundred and forty-five, page 63, the following
clauses:
Senecas, mixed Senecas and Shawnees, Quapaws,
Conic-derated Peorias, Kaskaskias, "Weas and
Piankeshaws. Ottawas of Btanehard's Fork,
and Roche de Roeuf, and certain Wyandotts:
To pay ior twenty tuousand acres ot land ceded to
the Government b> file Senecas, per first article
treat) Fcbruaiy 23, 1867, $20,000.
X<> pay lor tbnty thousand acres of land ceded to
the Gov cnuuent by ttie Senecas, pur second article
trea ty Febiuary 23, 1867, $24,000.
Shawnee :
For umuunt to be advanced to the Shawneestobe
used in establishing their homed, per eighth article
treaty February 23,1867, $2,OUO.
For first of five installments for blacksmith and as-
sistant, shop and tools, and iron and steel for shop,
per eighth article treaty February 23,1867, $500.
Quapaws:
For amount to be paid to the Quapaws to assist
them in reestablishing themselves at their homes
upon their remaining reservation, per ninth article
treaty February 23, 1867, $5,000.
Claims for losses by the war:
To pay a commission, not to exceed two persons,
to be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior, who
shall proceed to the country of the Senecas, mixed
Senecas and Shawnees, and Quapaws, and make care-
ful investigations of theirclaims for losses, per twelfth
ariielc trcaty"February 23,1867, $4,000.
Wj andotts:
To pay for the services of three persons, to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, to ascertain
and report the amount of money, if any, due by the
United States to said Indians under existing treaties,
&c., per thirteenth article treaty February 23,1867,
$3,000.
Ottawas:
To pay the claim of J. T. Jones, being for destruc-
tion by fire of his dwelling and other property by
whites in 1856, per eighteenth article treaty February
23,1867, $6,700.
Peorias, Kasbaskias, "VVeas, and Piankeshaws:
To amount to be paid per capita from the sum of
$169,686 75 invested for said Indians, per act of Con-
gress July 12,1862, per twenty-fourth article treaty
February 23,1867, $25,000.
For this amount, to be taken from the invested
fund of said Indians, and to he paid to the tribe per
capita, to assist them in establishing themselves on
their new homes, per twenty-fourth article treaty
Febrnnry 23, 1867, §30,000.
For this amount, being the balance of interest, at
five per cent, per month, on $39,950 held by the
United States from Ju'v, 1857, tilt vested in Kansas
bonds in December. 1861, per twenty-fourth article
treaty February 2-3,1867, 83,700.
For first of six installments for pay of blacksmith
and for necessary iron and steel and tools, pertwenty-
sevenih article treaty February, 1867, SI,500.
^Sac and Fox Indians of tbe Mississippi:
For amount necessary to pay to the Sac and Fox
Iudians. parties to this treatv, at, the rate of one dol-
lar per acre for one hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand three hundred and ninety-three and thirty-two
one hunctroths acres of land, (being the residue of
onehundred and fifty-seven thousand acres ceded to
the United States, after deducting the amount of
land set apart tor individuals,) per third article
treaty February 18,1867, §147,393 32.
For erection of a dwelling-house for the agent of
said tribe, a house and shop tor a blacksmith, and
dwelling-house tor a physician, per seventh article
treaty February 18.1867, S6.000.
For first of five installments for the support of a
physician aud purchase of medicines, per tenth arti-
cle treaty February 18,1867, $1,500.
For first of five installments for supplying said
tribe with tobacco and salt, per tenth article treaty
February 18, 1867, $350.
To pay ihe claim of the Sacs and Foxes against
the United States for stealing of «to<'k, per fifteenth
article treaty February 18,1867, $16,400.
For amouutnecessary to pay theexpenses of nego-
tiating this treaty, per nineteenth article treaty Feb-
ruary 18,1867, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line six-
teen hundred and ninety, to insert the follow-
ing clause:
For this amount to pay the balance due on certain
contracts made by D. \Y. Ballard, Governor and
ex-officio superintendent of Iudiau affairs for Idaho
Territory, iu July, 1867, for subsistence, &c., ior In-
dians in that Territory, $8,044 70.
'J he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
hundred and sixty, to strike out " forty before
thousand " and to insert u sixty;''" so that
the clause will read :
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, to-
gether with clothing and food, teams and farming
toois tor Indians in Caiuornia, $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
hundred aud sixty-five, after the word u reser-
vations." to insert "and one special agont, one
physician, and two teachers for the Mission
Indians of California;" in lines seventeen
hundred and sixty-six and seventeen hundred
and sixty-seven, to strike out i; $15,420" and
insert$22,000 so as to make the clause
read:
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one
assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter, and
one teacher upon each of the three reservations of
California, and one miller at the Round valley, and
one upon tbe Hoopa valley reservations, and one
•special agent, one physician, and two teachers for
the Mission Indians of California, $22,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line seven-
teen hundred and sixty-seven to insert:
For this amount, or so much thereof as maj' be
necessary to supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for removing the Indians from Smith's river reser-
vation to Hoopa valley and Round valley reserva-
tions in California, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the
appropriation in line seventeen hundred and
seventy-six, "for defraying the expense of
removal and subsistence of Indians iu Oregon
and Washington Territory, not parties to any
treaty, and for pay of necessary employes,"
from $20,000 to $80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven to insert:
To pay the expenses of two commissioners, under
tenth article treaty February 27,1867, with the Pot-
tawatomies, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eighteen
hundred and forty-one to insert:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for expenses of transportingand deliv-
ering articles furnished for the nine bands of Sioux
Indians in Dakota aforesaid, tor the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1868, $11,625 58.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eighteen
hundred and forty-seven to insert:
Poncas:
For this amount, to pay for subsistence furnished
to the Pone i Iudians, by direction ot the Indian
prtaee cominiss'^n, uncier a contract made with J.
W. Rosier, $11,9U0 26.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the word " Pon-
cas," at the head of that clause, had better be
stricken out. As that is the only clause which
refers to them it might create a misunder-
standing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Maine that if another amendment that
will be proposed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs should be adopted this one will not be
required. Would it not be well to let this
amendment pass over and offer it in the Sen-
ate if the amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs should fail ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it would bo
as well to go through with the amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eighteen hundred and fifcy-two the following:
For expenses incurred by M. Wilkinson. United
States agent for the Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and
Mandan Indians, under instiuctions from the Indian
peace commission, to make said Indians, as far as
possible, self-sustaining, $28,276 47.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was alter line eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight to insert:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation tor pay of commissioners to be appointed
by the President, as per lorty-ninth and fitneth arti-
cles treaty April 28, 1866, and Senate amendment
thereto,with the Choetaws and Cnickasaws, $1,538 47.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 76, after
line eighteen hundred and sixty-five, to insert:
For this amount, interest due the Choetaws and
Chickasaws August 8,1&68, on $300,000 held in trust
for s«id Indians, under the third article treaty of
April 28, 1866, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
| tion two the following:
And be it further enacted, That the Apache, Kiowa,
and Comanche Indians, and the Cheyenne and Ara-
pahoe Indians, located by treaties of October, 1867,
on reservations within the limits of the Indian terri-
tory, and all other Iudians who have been, or may
hereafter be, removed to reservations within said
territory shall hereafter be included within the juris-
diction of the superintendent of the southern super-
intendency.
Mr. POMEROY. T notice—my attention is
just called to it, and I do not understand it
precisely—that the first section of the bill takes
outone superintendent, and this second section
transfers Indians from one superintendency to
another before they are removed. Probably
the phraseology may be wrong as it has been
written. I do not know who had charge of it.
