1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
law in this shape: the first section of the act
provides that ail persons appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, except
judges, shall hold their offices during the term
for which they were appointed, unless sooner
removed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, except as is provided in the
next section.
The second section authorizes the President
of the United States, during a recess of the
Senate, to suspend from office any officer
appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate until the end of the next session
of the Senate, and requires him within thirty
days after the meeting of the Senate to make
nominations in place of all suspended officers ;
and now there is added to that a provision that
if such a nomination is not approved he shall,
as soon as practicable, make another nomina-
tion, and as a matter of course if none of the
nominations are approved his authority to
suspend under the law expires with the session
and the old officer takes possession of the office.
The only change made is this: as the bill
passed the Senate it required a positive affirm-
ative vote on tQe part of the Senate disagree-
ing to the suspension before the old officer
could go back. As the committee of confer-
ence report it the officer would go back at the
end of the session unless somebody else was
confirmed in his place. 1'he authority of the
Piesident to suspend extends to the end of the
session, and no further, and of course the old
officer then takes possession of the office.
Mr. THURMAN. It will be remembered
by the Senate that the bill as it was passed by
the Senate was not printed. The amendment
proposed by the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate was read, and without being printed
was adopted by the Senate, and the bill sent to
the House of Representatives with thatamend-
ment. Now it is proposed that that shall be
amended in the mode indicated by the report
of the conference committee. Of course the
dominant party in the Senate will pass this bill
in such a shape as to them shall seem best in
order to carry out their views; but I submit
that it is only fair to those who disagree with
them and are here in a hopeless minority that
we should have an opportunity to understand
what we are to vote upon. If I understand the
statement of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, 1 cannot vote for the report of the con-
ference committee, for according to my appre-
hension, if that report be adopted and become
the law, the President cannot remove a single
member of his Cabinet except by the nomina
tion of some one else who may be confirmed
by the Senate. He would be, therefore, without
the power to remove any member of his Cabi-
net, however obnoxious he might become.
I may be entirely mistaken, but it seems so
to me. It depends upon whether the members
of his Cabinet, at least those at present in office,
are appointed for a term or not, if I understood
the explanation of the report of the conference
committee made by the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee. It depends on whether they
are appointed for a term. They were appointed
when the tenure-of-office act waj in full force,
and, according to my apprehension, they were
appointed for a term ; for although that act
docs not say in so many words that they shall
be appointed for any particular term, yet it
does declare that they shall hold their office
during the term of the President by whom ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter ; and it
does seem to me that in substance that makes
their appointment for a term.
But I do not wish to argue this matter. I
do not understand it sufficiently well. I rose
for the purpose of moving, if it be in order to
do so, that the bill as it passed the Senate, and
also the report of the committee of conference,
be laid upon the table, and that the bill as it
passed the Senate, and also the report with it,
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUilBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 45 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Mc-
Creery, Ross, Stockton, Thurman, and Vickors—8.
N AY S—M essrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Colo, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Brake, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, Grimes, Hamlin, Harlan, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Kiee, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spenco.r, Sprague. Sunnier,
Tipton, Trumbull, W'iliey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—in.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, l^essend^n, Fowler,
Hamilton, McDonald, Morton, Norton, Nye, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Stewart, Thayer, and Warner—lo.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the conference report.
Mr. VICK.ERS, I ask that the bill may be
read as amended by the report of the commit-
tee. We certainly ought to have it read.
/The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the Senate amendment as it will read
if amended by the report of the confcrence
committee.
The Chief Clerk. The bill, as amended by
the report of the conference committee, reads :
That the first and second sections of an act enti-
tled "An act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices," passed March 2,1867, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed; and in lieu of said repealed sec-
tions the following are hereby enacted:
That every officer holding any civil office to which
he has been or hereafter may be appointed by and
with the advice and consent ot the Senate, and who
shall have becomeduiy ctualilied to actthereui, *ha!l
bo entitled to hold such office during the term tor
which he shall bave been appointed, unlesssooner
removed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, or by the appointment, by and with thclike
advice and consent, of a successor in his place,
except as herein otherwise provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That during any
reccss of the Senate the Presidcntis hereby empow-
ered in his discretion to suspend any civil oll'icei ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, except judges ot the United States courts,
until the end ot the next session of the Senate,
and to designate some suitable peison (subject to bo
removed in his discretion by tho designation ot
another person) to perforin the duties of such sus-
pended olhccr in the mean time; and such peison so
designated shall talco the oaths and give the bonds
required by law to be taken and given by the sus-
pended officer, and shall daring the time he perlorms
his duties be entitled to the salary and emoluments
of such office, and no part, of which shall belong to
the officer suspended. And it shall be the duty of
the President, with i n thirty days after the commence-
ment of each session of tho Senate, (except, for any
office which in his opinion ought not to bo filled,) to
nominate persons to till all vacancies in othce \yinch
existed at the meeting ol' the Senate, whether tem-
porarily filled or not, and al«o in the placc of all
officers suspended; and if the Senate during such
session shall refuse to advise and consent to an ap-
pointment in the placcof any suspended officer, then,
and not otherwise, the President shall nominate
another person as soon as practicable to said session
of the Senate tor said office.
It is also proposed to amend the third sec-
tion of the act by inserting after the word
" resignation," in the third line, the words or
expiration of term of office so as to read :
That the President shall iiave power to fill all
vacancies which may happen during a rccess of the
Senate by reason of death or resignation or expira-
tion of term of othce, by granting commissions which
shall expiie at tile end of the next session thereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. EDMUNDS
called for the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 42, nays 8 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
, Conklmg, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
! Ferry, Uilbert, Grimes, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
j Howard, Iiolloga, Morrill, Wye, Osborn, Patterson,
I Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rjm«ey, Rice, Sawyer.Schuiz,
> Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Ttpton. Trumbull, Willey,
{ Williams. Wilson, and Yates—4*2.
I NAYS—Messrs. Bayiml.Oasserly, Davis, MeCreery,
I Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, and Viclters—8.
| ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Fcssenden, Fow-
! ler, Hamilton, Howe, McDonald, Morton, Norton,
j Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart,
I Thayer, and Warnei—18.
' So the report was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now resume the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
HOUSE BILL KEt'EltlUSD
The bill (H. R. No. 351) to change certain
land districts in the State of California was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Bangor custom-house.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 65) to facili-
tate the construction of the custom house at
Bangor, Maine, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be put on its passage now, and I am
sure there will be no objection to it when I
Mate what it is. By an appropriation bill
which passed during the last session of Con-
gress an appropriation was made to build a
custom-house and court-house now in process
of erection m Bs-ngor. This resolution simply
authorizes that money to be used now to pay
for the work that has been done. It makes no
additional appropriation, but provides for using
now the appropriation that has already been
made.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to make a present application of the
$25,000 appropriated atthe last session of the
Fortieth Congress for the Bangor custom-
house and public buildings, the same to be
applied to the use provided in that appropri-
ation.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a tiiird rending, read the third
time, and passed.
KX lie UTIV K C0M MUX10A X ION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
in answer to the resolution of the Senate of
the 5lh instant, in relation to contracts entered
into by the Navy Department and Norman
Wiard since tlse 1st day of January, 18G1;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 230) for the relief of David Brader ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 2:51)
to provide for the payment of lioises and
equipage lost or destroyed in the military ser-
vice of tho United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
1' J5 IIS 0 N A L H X I? L A N A T10 N.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Indian appropria-
tion bill come up to-morrow as the unfinished
business ?
The VJ CE PRESIDENT. The Chair called
it up as soon as the conference report was
agreed to so as to leave it the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. YATES. I ask to be allowed a moment
on a question of privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. As to the civil office tenure
bill 1 desire to make a personal explanation.
I see it stated in the papers of my State that
when the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
| munds] quoted an opinion of mine upon the
I impeachment trial the reporters of the Asso-
I ciated Press reported that I disagreed to that
j opimon. I said no such thing. I have no
i complaint to find with the press or anybody,
j but 1 said no such thing. I said that whatever
j that opinion contained was, ia my opinion,
! good law; .that it was right; and theie was
|! nothing whatever inconsistent with it in the
II position that 1 took on that occasion. _ 1 simp.y
i' desire to say that so far as the report itself was
It concerned it did me injustice; and as a good
!j deal has been said upon it m my own State I
desire to correct it on this-very day when this
1' bill has passed.
