396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
executive session.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein the
doorswerereopened, andtheSenate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 31, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
transportation of mails on rail.roads.
Mr. TWICHELL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to report back the bill (H. R. No. 138) in re-
lation to the transportation of United State3
mails by railroad companies for present action.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I reserve objection until
it is reported.
The bill provides that it shall be lawful for
the Postmaster General to allow any railroad
• company furnishing postal or post office ears
for the transportation of the mail such addi-
tional compensation as he may think fit, not
exceeding, however, one huudred per cent,
of the rates now allowed by law.
Mr. WOOD. 1 object.
Mr. TWICHELL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the objection. There is no city
in the Union more interested than his own.
Mr. WOOD. I cannot see why so large a
discretion should be given to the Postmaster
General.
amendment of tiie rules.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the Committee on
the Kules to report the following resolution ;
and 1 demand the previous question thereon:
ftezolved, That the following be added to the rules
of the House:
It shall be the duty of the Doorkeeper, ten min-
utes before the hour of meeting of the House each
day, to see that the floor is cleared of all persons ex-
cept i hose privileged to remain during the sessions
of the House.
'I he previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. blitRRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
mov;d that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
* The latter motion was agreed to.
it-iciialide elizabeth cuuuy.
Mr. ELD RIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 339) granting a
pension to Mrs. Richarde Elizabeth Curry,
mother of John Curry, late a private in com-
pany G, .Missouri sharpshooters; which was
rend a first and second time, and. with the
accompanying petition and letter of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, referred to the Com- j
mittee ou Invalid Pensions. j
personal explanation. j
Mr. STILES. I desire to ask leave to record !
my vote upon the Senate amendments to the 1
civil tenuie-of-office act; also on the judiciary
I he SPEAKER. The rules do not allow
that to be done.
Mr. S11LES. If I had been present I should
have voted " no."
Mr. CAKE. During my absence yesterday
1 thought I was paired on the tenure-of-offiee
bill. It seems I was not. My colleague did
not report the fact. I wish to state that had I
been here I would have voted "'no" on the
motion to recede.
remedial justice in tiie courts.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
tioduced a bill (H. R. No. 340) to extend the
provisions of an act to provide further rem-
edial justice in the courts of the United States,
approved August 29, 1842; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Revision of Laws of the United States,
and ordered to be printed.
anthracite railroad company.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL R. No. 341) to incorporate
the Government Anthracite Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
h. g. aukeny.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (EL R. No. 342) for the relief
of H. G. Aukeny, late captain fourth Iowa
infantry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
buildings at fort totten.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Territories, reported
back Senate joint resolution No. 38, relating to
Government buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota
Territory; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
united states courts in nevada.
Mr. PITCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 343) for holding terms
of the district court of the United Slates for
the district of Nevada ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
delay in transmission of mails.
Mr. FITCH also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 344) to prevent
delay and losses in the transmission of the
mails; which was read alirstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
children of enos mills.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 343) granting a pen-
sion to Susan C., Lavinia L., Sarah Jane, and
Amanda L. Mills, children of Enos Mills, de-
ceased ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
LEN'OIti MARSHALL.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (11. R. No. 340) to grant a
pension to Mrs. Lenora Marshall, grand-daugh-
ter of a revolutionary soldier ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and the
War of 1812.
claims of tiie statu of kansas.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs was
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (S. No. 115) authorizing the appoint-
ment of a commissioner and the settlement of
claims of citizens of Kansas ; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee ot Claims: and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
port of entry in west virginia.
Mr. WITCHER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 347) to establish
a port of entry at Charlestown, in the collec-
tion district of Wheeling, West Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred j
to the Committee on Commerce. j
custom-house at charlestown. j
Mr. WITCHERalso, by unanimous consent, I
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 348) to provide
for the construction of a custom-house at
Charlestown, West Virginia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
constitutional privileges.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 349) extending to
corporations the privileges and immunities
guarantied by the Constitution to the citizens
of the respective States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills had been referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homestead laws.
.Mr. FERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instraeted to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the homestead laws as to include the time
of service in the Army as residence required under
the homestead act. so that whatever tiin-i a, soldier
may have served in the Army shall be counted as
part of the five years' residence required by that act;
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
put his resolution in the form of calling the
attention of the committee to this subject and
letting them inquire into it, I will not object.
Mr. PERRY. It is in that form now. It
is not mandatory.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I do not object.
The resolution was agreed to.
secret sales of cold.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (BE. R. No. 350) to prohibit secret
sales or purchases of gold or bonds on account
of the United States, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
prepayment 01? interest.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the Committee
of Ways and Means be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 191)
to authorize the prepayment of the interest of
the public debt.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman one question. The purpose of that
bill seems to me a very wise one, and I had an
impression that it was already provided for by
law ; but the fact that this bill was passed by
the Senate seemed to indicate that I was prob-
ably mistaken, and that there is no law for it.
I would like to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means why he asks us not
to legislate upon the subject?
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman was right
in his impression. There is upon the statute-
book, in a joint resolution passed March 17,
1864, full provision for this matter of paying
in advance the interest upon the public debt.
After that discovery was made I addressed a
note to the Secretary of the Treasury, asking
him whether he still thought further legislation
was necassaty. I ask the Clerk to read the
reply of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department, March 25.1SG9.
Sir: In reply to your note,of this date, I ha\e the
! honor to say that the joint resolution of March IT,
I 180i, appears to furnish all 'he authoiity needed tor
| the prepayment ot the interest on the public debt. I
j directed an examination to be made of the laws upon
| the subject, but the person charged with the duty
J overlooked tho joint resolution to which you call my
; attention.
| Your most obedient servant,
(jeorgb s. botjtwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. robert c. schenck, llowse of Rep rfmetitcitivei.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask my
colleague [Mr. Schexick] if the Committee of
Ways and Means have examined, and if not,
if he has any information as to the amount of
gold which can be used in anticipation of this
interest 'I I hope the Committee of Ways and
Means and this House are in favor of the Sec-
retary doing that which this provides for.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is impossible to say at
this time how much gold can be applied to that
purpose. There is now accumulated about
eighty million dollars of coin in the Treasury,
and there will be more to be obtained hereafter
from customs. I therefore move that the bill
be laid on the table.
Accordingly the Committee of Ways and
Means were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and the same was laid
on the table.
