398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. JULIAN. That is sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The Chair waited a rather
unusual time for objection, and he did not hear
the gentleman from Indiana make any.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill with reference to the
provisional government of the State of Missis-
sippi.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the Mississippi bill was not the
unfinished business of yesterday, andthat the
morning hour is now the first business in order.
The SPEAKER. There was tio unfinished
business pending yesterday when the House
adjourned. The Mississippi bill, which has
been cut off for several days past by motions
to go to the Speaker's table, takes precedence,
in the absence of any such motion, of all other
orders. The gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes,] who has charge of a bill pend-
ing in the morning hour, would be entitled to
the floor should the morning hour be reached.
Mr. JENCKES. My point is this: that the
Mississippi bill having been postponed yester-
day till after the morning hour, and not having
been reached, it still holds its place subsequent
to the business of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The postponement till
after the morning hour operates only during
the day on which the postponement is made.
This bill came from, a committee authorized to
report at any time, and it holds its place as
unfinished business unless some business of
superior privilege takes its place.
direct tax in rebel states.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquireinto the expediency of reviv-
ing and enforcing the direct tax in the States lately
in rebellion, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
library fob idaho.
Mr. SHAFER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 351) to provide a library
for Idaho Territory ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
washington aqueduct.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the present
condition oftho W ash in gton aqueduct, and the causes
ot the imperfect quantity and bad quality of the water
which it furnishes for the use of the District; also
that the committee examine into all contracts made
by the Interior Department for the construction or
completion of said aqueduct, what sums of money
have been expended thereon under said contracts,
and in what manner; whether such contracts have
been faithfully performed; and whether the work
done has been done conformably to contract; what
plans have been adopted for tho construction of a
dam or darns over the liver Potomac, or any part of
it, to obtain a head of water for the aqueduct; and
wiiethei the works thus planned are sufficient and
proper for the object of furnishing to the cities of
Washington and Georgetown a regular and constant
supply ot water from the river. Also that said com-
mittee inquire and report whether by direction of
the Interior Department, or otherwise, the property
of private persons has been taken, or is held unlaw-
fully for the use of said aqueduct, and if so, under
what circumstances, and what compensation or in-
demnity remains due to such persons on the part of
the United States; and that the said committee have
power to send for persons and papers.
international exhibition.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
offered the following preamble and resolution ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Manufactures:
Whereas it is proposed by the American Institute
of the city of New York to hold an international
exhibition of the industry of all nations in said city
during the year 1876; and whereas such an under-
taking, if properly carried out, will prove of great
value to the whole country by familiarizing the me-
chanics and manufacturers of other countries with
the great progress we have made in the mechanic
arts, and thus inducing the immigration of skilled
labor to this country: Therefore,
]3eil resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures
be requested to inquire whether it be advisable fw
this Government to render aid orcountenance to said
undertaking, with leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
portage and lake superior canal.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 66)
extending the time for the completion of the
Portage and Lake Superior ship-canal; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
foldidg-uoom.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire whether the
folding of documents cannot hereafter be done in
the lower basement of the Capitol, and the rooms
now occupied for folding and storing documents be
vacated for committee-rooms, and that the neces-
sary arrangements to carry out this object be made,
under the supervision of the architect of the Capitol;
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he had better make the inquiry general.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the resolution.
niles's register.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for reference
to the Committee on Printing;
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House five thousand copies of Niles's Register, to be
put up and bound in the same style the Congres-
sional Globe is now printed and bound.
• Mr. SCOFIELD and Mr. ALLISON ob-
jected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the consent of the House to have some docu-
ments printed for the use of the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
message fllom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (3. No. 43) supplementary to an act en-
titled " An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864; and
A bill (S. No. 200) relating to freedmen's
hospitals.
congressional elections.
Mr. PAINE. On the 22d of this month I
introduced a bill, No. 236, to regulate the man-
ner of holding elections for Representatives and
Delegates in Congress. That bill was assigned
as a special order for Wednesday of last week.
I am satisfied that, there are so many questions
of higher privilege before the House, this bill
cannot be reached this session, especially if the
adjournment shall soon take place. I therefore
ask that the bill may now be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
No objection was made; and the bill was
referred accordingly.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; andaljo moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
election in texas.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimousconsent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 67)
postponing the election in the State of Texas;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
reconstruction of mississippi.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
tho regular order of business.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 147) to provide for the organization of
a provisional government for the State of
Mississippi, reported from the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswodth.]
Mr. CESSNA. Before we proceed with the
consideration of this bill I desire to say that I
yielded to the gentleman from Massachusetts
yesterday for other business, with the under-
standing that the report of the Committee of
Elections in the case of Covode vs. Foster
should be considered to-day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the regular order
of business has been called for.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] had risen before
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] did he would have been recognized on
his question of superior privilege, but the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is on the floor, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot take
him off it.
Mr. CESSNA. I only wanted the opinion of
the Chair on that point, so that I might know
when the election case can be called up.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
I deny that so far as the Mississippi bill is con-
cerned the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has aright to yield the floor to anybody.
He has not the floor on that bill. I had the
floor at the conclusion of the debate when this
question was last up, and when I was through
the gentleman from Massachusetts did not
obtain the floor.
The SPEAKER. He has been recognized
this morning.
Mr. WOOD. I object to his being allowed
to farm out the floor upon this question to
whom he pleases. He spoke once upon the
bill and exhausted his argument in favor of
the bill. He then relinquished the floor in
favor of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] who spoke his hour, and I then spoke
my hour. He cannot speak twice on the bill
if any other gentleman in the House desires
to speak.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is a
very remarkable proposition.
Mr. WOOD. It is true, nevertheless. The
gentleman has not the control of the bill after
he has made his argument in favor of it until
after the previous question shall be sustained,
and then he is entitled to his hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe I had the
floor on this bill yesterday, and yielded for a
motion to postpone its consideration until
after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois lias not yet spoken on this bill, and there-
fore his right to the floor is superior to that of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who has
already spoken once on the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall speak at no
great length this morning. I understand that
the Senate has agreed to our resolution to
adjourn on Tuesday next, and it is very appa-
rent that we cannot pass this bill. I shall con-
tent myself, therefore, with moving a substitute
for the bill reported from the Committee on
Reconstruction, and briefly discussing the ques-
tions involved in the two bills, and before I take
my seat I shall move to postpone the whole
subject until the next session of Congress. I
send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read
the substitute which I offer for the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the general then commanding tho military
district of Mississippi is hereby empowered and
directed to order an election to beheld in said State,
commencing on the first Tuesday of September. A.
D. 1869, and continuing, as he may deem necessary,
at the same places at which the former elections for
the ratification of the constitution was held, and at
such other places as he may direct; at which times
and places the constitution adopted by tho conven-
tion on the 13th day of May, A. D. 1868, shah be re-
submitted for ratification to the than registered
voters of the State in conformity with the act of
Congress passed March 2,1867, entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,'' and the act supplementary thereto.
The polls shall be kept open from eight o'clock a. to.
till six c^cloelc p. m. each day. At said election ail
those in favor of the constitution shall have written
or printed on their ballots the words " For constitu-
tion," and those opposed to the ratification of the
same shall have written or printed on their ballots
"Against constitution :" And 'provided liu-ther. That
section^ three and live of article seven of said con-
stitution shall be submitted separately for thoratiti-
cation or rej ection of said voters; and if said sect iqiis,
or either of them, shall be rejected, then the section
