400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
is the governor who is to decide whether the
peace is broken and whether it is necessary
that the military commander shall intervene
with his force. Now, sir, we cannot have that
sort of conflict in this military district; for it
is only a military district as yet. It is a dis-
organized, chaotic State, and we cannot have
two governments there, one military and one
civil. It is to that feature of the bill I also
object.
I will not take up the time of the House in
reading from this bill. Members have it on
their files. I have tried to and shall state it
fairly. I hope I have not, for I certainly do
not intend, in discussing the question, to say
anything against the members of the conven-
tion personally. It is unnecessary that I should
do so, and I feel no unkindness toward any
of them. I am dealing with principles, not with
the persons composing the convention. It is
the convention as a body that I am dealing
with and not the individuals of it. It is a dead
convention; its work has been disapproved
once, and it is fair to presume that it will be
disapproved again by the people.
Mr. Speaker, what we want in these States
is peace, organization, order, and law. For
this purpose we want to remove every apple
of discord that can be reasonably taken out J
of the way. The reviving of the convention, |
instead of removing it, only thrusts it upon the
people again; fo^I must say, injustice to the j
people of Mississippi,' and without reflecting !
upon the persons composing the convention, 1
that as a political body it is not popular in that
State. And when I say this I do not wish to
be understood as saying that it is not popular
with rebels merely, but it is not, popular with
a large class of good, substantial Union men
of that State, men of intelligence, whose sin-
cere desire is peace and the restoration of order
in that State and to build up the waste places
therein. The convention is a subject of dis.-
cord, and by restoring it you prolong instead
of quieting the disorder that exists there.
Mr._ WARD. I wish to ask my friend if
there is any reason why that convention is not
popular with the people of Mississippi?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Well, sir, 1 said that
I did not desire to go into the question of the
personality of this convention. I do not care
to discuss that. The unpopularity of the con-
vention is shown by the vote against their
constitution.
Mr. WARD. Has the gentleman any charge
to make against the members of the conven-
tion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
desires to discuss the question of the person-
ality of that convention no doubt he can find
somebody who will discuss it. I will say that
I have no charge against any member of it;
most of the members of the convention were
and are candidates for office, and it is sus-
pected by a great many good Union men that
this whole thing is gotten up in the interest of i
the candidates for office, and that when it is 1
proposed that the convention thus composed 'j
of candidates for office shall elect their gov- jj
ernor, who shall appoint all the officers in the i!
State, it becomes exceedingly distasteful to j
many—and just as good men, no doubt—who (
also want office in that State, and particularly 1
distasteful to those who do not care for the
offices.
, ,^r- ^HITTEMORE. Is it an utiusaal
thing ior candidates for office to be interested
in matters pertaining to conventions?
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe not; but it
is a little unusual for all the members of a
State convention called to frame a constitution
to be themselves candidates for office under it.
When all the delegates of this convention are
candidates for judgeships, Congress, and for
the various State and county offices through-
out the entire State, I say it does present an
extraordinary spectacle.
Mr. Speaker, complaint has been made
heretofore, and I have no doubt there is
much truth in it, that Mississippi has not been
well governed by the military commander there.
There was no power to control that military
commander in the interest of loyalty. The
man here in the White House was not friendly
to reconstruction on the basis of the acts of
Congress, and it was charged, and very likely
correctly, that the officer in command in Mis-
sissippi was not in sympathy with the Union
men there. But, Mr. Speaker, that officer
has been relieved from his command. A
good officer, a man against whom no complaint
is made from any source, has been placed in
command of that district. The reconstruction
acts of Congress authorize that commander,
under the direction of the General of the Army
or the President of the United States, to appoi n t
all officers necessary to carry on the provisional
government of the State. And I ask gentle-
men, with General Grant for President, with
a good officer in command of that district,
armed with this authority, and who is not
mixed up with any of these cliques or cabals,
and who is authorized thus to appoint every
officer to carry on the provisional government
of the State, is it not best to let things be as
they are? Why impose a new discord, new
troubles, new strife, upon the people of Mis-
sissippi and prolong this conflict ? Are gentle-
men afraid that the Pr esident will not properly
instruct his military commander there? Are
gentlemen afraid that the military power of the
country under our President will be used in
hostility to the Union and to the loyal people
of Mississippi? I trust not. Then why set
up this conflict of authority? Why not let
the State go on as it is until a constitution is
adopted by the people in the proper form ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is not the gentleman
aware that the fourth section of the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Reconstruction
expressly provides that—
The said provisional governor may remove from
office in said State any person holding office therein,
and may appoint a successor m his stead; and may
also fill all vacancies that may occur by death, resig-
nation, or otherwise, subject, however, in all re-
movals and appointments, to the orders and direc-
tions of the President of the United States; and the
iresiuont of the Uaited States may at any time
remove the said provisional governor and appoint
a successor ia his stead.
So that the whole thing is subject to the
control of the President.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; then I
ask the gentleman from Ohio why not leave it
right where it is subject to the immediate con-
trol of the President? Why intervene a con-
stitutional convention and another governor,
and other authority and other power? Why
provide that the provisional governor shall
appoint all the officers of the State ? True, the
President may remove them afterward," but
that is a very delicate duty for the President
to perform.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The State now has no
provisional governor at all. The commander
of the district is acting as governor.
Mr. P ARNSWOR1 H. lam aware of that.
The officer assigned to duty as commander of
the district is the provisional governor, just
as was the case in the other States until they
were reorganized. In the State of Virginia
the military commandant is at present acting
governor.
Mr, LAWRENCE. And does the gentleman
think it advisable to continue the double office
of commander of the district and provisional
governor of the Stare in the same person?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes ; I think it is.
Mr._ LAWRENCE. To unite the military
and civil power ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it far better
to have one governor than two, and while we
deal with Mississippi as a military district, what
is the necessity of having two governors ?
When provisional governors have been ap-
pointed heretofore in these unreconstructed
States they have been appointed by the mili-
tary commandants. Cannot the military com-
mandant perform the duties himself just as
well as delegate them to somebody else ? j
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield '
to me for a moment? i
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For a question. 1
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether it-is possible, without re-
convening the convention or providing imme-
diately for a new one, to repeal the present
odious and justly odious system of taxation in
that Slate ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The poll-tax?
Mr. KELLEY. It is a system by which the
poor man is made to pay all the taxes and the
lands of the State are wholly exonerated from
taxation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. While there is a
very small direct tax on lands in Mississippi,
as has been the custom in most of the southern
States, yet the products of the land are very
highly taxed.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman tell me
what the poll-tax in Mississippi is at this time,
or give the House any idea of what it is ?
Mr._ FARNSWORTH. I am told that in
some instances it is as high as thirteen dollars.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes,' sir; the poor freed-
man is taxed thirteen dollars, while the man
who directs the labor of hundreds of freedmen
is taxed but thirteen dollars, and his land goes
free of taxation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know that
there is any difficulty in the way of my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] preparing an
amendment to my substiiute repealing any
poll-tax in Mississippi. He certainly can de-
vise it as well as this convention can, espe-
cially a convention which fixed the tax before
and put it in operation.
Mr. KELLEY. Can I also prepare an
amendment which will repeal the labor system
of Mississippi, for which the gentleman is
indirectly pleading, which makes slaves of the
freedmen, and taxes them thirteen dollars a
year for the privilege of breathing the air of
heaven?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, sir, the very
convention which the gentleman proposes to
revive—this dead convention—did not correct
that, evil. Does the gentleman propbse to in-
stall that convention in power again? Why
not correct it in this bill? Here is the place
and now the time to correct any abuses such
as the gentleman complains of, before Missis-
sippi becomes a State, while we have power
to legislate over her.
Mr. KELLEY". That convention did pre-
pare a constitution which could have reme-
died all those evils. The gentleman tells us
that that convention is not popular, and the
reason of its want of popularity is that it struck
at this system of worse than slavery.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is
again mistaken. I think he must "have been
dreaming while I have been speaking. That
convention did not remedy the abuse of which
he speaks at all. The gentleman says that con-
vention did its work well in that regard. What-
ever work they have done in that regard I pro-
pose to again submit to the people and give
them the benefit of it. But 1 tell the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] tliatthe
act of that convention with reference to dis-
franchisement caused the defeat of the consti-
tution, and not what they did in regard to taxa-
tion. I propose by my substitute to resubmit
that identical constitution to the vote of the
people, submitting separately some of the objec-
tionable clauses, which I will speak of hereafter.
Mr. LAW RE \: CE. 0 ne word.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I will
yield for a question only.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him whether his attention has
been called to the eighth section of the bill
which has been reported from the Committee
on Reconstruction, and which expressly limits
the poll tax to $1 50, while his substitute
makes no limitation of it at all?
.Mr. FARNSWORTH. Gentle men seem
disposed to discuss very small and irrelevant
matters—those which do not touch the gist of
the question afc all. The question between ray
