1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
substitute and the bill of the Committee on
Reconstruction is not the question of the poll-
tax. My bill can be just as easily amended so
as to cut off this poll-tax or to correct any
other evil or abuse as the same object can be
reached by the bill of the committee. .The
point of difference is that the bill of the com-
mittee revives this convention and all the dis-
asters which have followed its action, while
my bill resubmits the constitution, allowing the
people to vote separately upon the objection-
able clauses, and in the mean time allows
General Grant, or the military officer he sends
there, to keep the peace and to appoint the
civil officers of the State.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now.
Mr. WARD. Just one question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield.
Mr. WARD. Iam obliged to the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By my bill I save
the expense and contention and strife which
must grow out of reviving this convention.
I now desire to call the attention of the
House to these objectionable features of this
constitution, those features which caused its
defeat when it was submitted to the vote of
the people. Under the head of franchise, by
section three of article seven it is provided
that—
"The Legislature shall provide by law for the
registration of all persons entitled to vote at any
election, and allpersons entitled to registershalltake
and subscribe to the following oath or aifirmation:
' 1,   , do solemnly swear, (or affirm.) in the
presence of Almighty God, that I am twenty-one
years old; that I have resided in this State six
months, and in county one month; that I will
faithfully support and obey the Constitution and laws
of the United States and of the State of Mississippi,
and will bear true faith and allegiance to the same;
tli at I am not disfranchised in any of the provisions
of the acts known as the reconstruction acts of the
Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses, and that I
admit the political and civil equality of all men; so
help me God;' Provided, That if Congress shall at
any time remove the disabilities of any person dis-
franchised in the said reconstruction acts of the said
Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses, (and the Le-
gislature of this State shall concur therein,) then so
much of this oath, and so much only, as rclers to the
said leconstruction acts shall not be required of such
person so pardoned to entitle him to be registered."
There are several things embraced in that
oath to be considered. The first question is,
what does it mean? By it is disfranchised
every man who cannot swear that he is "not
disfranchised" by any of the reconstruction
acts of Congress. Well, sir, one of the acts
of Congress frequently quoted as a "recon-
struction act" provides for a test-oath which
would disfranchise pretty much every white
man in that State. Does it mean that? If
not, what does it mean by "reconstruction
acts?" Does it mean simply those persons
who are spoken of or referred to by the acts
providing for registration of voters in the
southern States? Perhaps so. It is a very
difficult question to determine what it does
mean. At all events you cannot narrow it
down more than to say that it applies only
to those persons who are disfranchised by the
act with regard to the registry of voters in
the disorganized States. That, then, would
disqualify every man who is incapacitated to
hold office under the fourteenth constitutional
ameudment.
Then they go on to provide that if Congress
shall relieve any persons in that State from
their disabilities and the Legislature of Mis-
sissippi shall concur in that act, those per-
sons may vote. Our constitutional amendment
provides that a man who has become disquali-
fied in the manner therein specified shall not
hold office ill a State unless relieved by an act
of Congress. Now, any man of ordinary mind
would suppose that when Congress has relieved
such a man no concurrent vote of the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi is required in order to carry
that act into effect. But that is what this con-
stitution provides.
Again, it is provided in the fifth section of
the same article that—
"No person shall be eligible to any office of profit or
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 26.
trust, eivil or military, in this State, who as a mem-
ber of the Legislature voted for the call of the con-
vention that passed the ordinance of secession, or who
as a delegate to any convention voted for or signed
any ordinance of secession, or who gave voluntary
aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to per-
sons engaged in armed hostility to the United States,
or who accepted or attempted to exercise the func-
tions of any office, civil or military, under any au-
thority or pretended government, authority, power,
or constitution within the United States hostile or
inimical thereto, except all persons who aided re-
construction by voting for this convention or who
have continuously advocated the assembling of this
convention and shall continuously a.ndin goodfaith
advocate the acts of the same."
This, of course, will apply to all the acts and
ordinances that this convention may pass un-
der this bill of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ; and every man, before he can hold
office, must swear that he has advocated those
acts, and continuously too :
"But the Legislature may remove such disability :
Provided, That nothing in this section, exceptvoting
for or signing the ordin ance of secession, shall be so
construed as to exclude from office the private sol-
dier of the late so-called confederate States army."
Now, Mr. Speaker, it must be plain, I think,
to every man who has looked over this broad
land and examined this question that we ought
to remove, whenever we can reasonably and
practically do so, every cause and source of
contention, strife, and discord out of the way
of the people of these unfortunate States. Of
all the States that have been reconstructed
those of North Carolina and South Carolina
have been perhaps most successful; and why?
In my opinion simply because those States
have not restricted the franchise. It is because
in those States the right to vote is universal,
enjoyed by both white and black. Why, sir,
so long as you deny the right of suffrage to the
men of property and the men of intelligence,
so long will you have an element of discord,
so long you have strife and trouble; and those
men will eventually carry the day. You can-
not deprive the intelligence and wealth of a
State of all participation 111 the government of
that State.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not time.
Mr. Speaker, I took up the cudgel twenty-
five years ago in behalf of the black ihan. I
fought in defense of the rights of all when it
was unpopular to do so. When some gentle-
men on this floor were—in good faith, I doubt
not—acting with the party that was in con-
spiracy with the slaveholder to fasten the man-
acles still more closely upon the limbs of the
slave and to extend that infernal institution,
I took up the cudgel in defense of the slave.
I have "fought it out on that line" until his
shackles have fallen off, and he has secured not
only his freedom, but the right to vote and the
right to hold office equally with the white man
in nearly all the States where he was a slave.
I am just as willing now to take up the cudgel
in defense of the rights of white men. I say
to gentlemen on this floor that the lime for
talking about sweeping punishments, disfran-
chisements, and disqualifications of every man
engaged in the late rebellion has passed. The
moral effect of anything of the sort has gone.
It is too late.
While I shall still steadfastly oppose the re-
moval of disqualifications frotn the leaders of
the rebellion, and those who refuse to accept the
logic of events and the issues of the war, from
those conspirators who set the ball of rebellion
in motion, I am willing to strike hands with
every man in the United States in favor of ex-
tending the right of suffrage, in accordance with
the principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence and the Constitution of the United Slates,
1 to every citizen of the United States who is not
I disqualified by crime, and crime fully proved,
j thus applying that great and beneficent prin-
I ciple for which I have contended always, that
j " Governments derive their just powers from
j the consent of the governed." I have not said
all I might say on this subject or that ought to
( be said, but I have occupied too much time. I
| propose, before I take my seat, to move to post-
pone the consideration of this bill till the next
session, and to call the previous question oh
that motion; but before doing that I will yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio'.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is very obvious, if I were
so disposed, that I could not go into a general
discussion of this subject in the limits of five
minutes. I will, however, take advantage of
the opportunity afforded me to say that 1 pro-
pose to vote for the postponement of this whole
subject to another session of Congress. And I
do so for several reasons. I prefer to postpone
it. If I cannot do that, I am willing to submit
this Mississippi constitution either in whole or
in its parts to be voted upon by tho people^ of
that State. If I cannot do that, then I must be
remitted to the necessity of voting against the
bill now before the House.
I am opposed to the bill before the House,
because it seems to involve one great defect,
namely, a proposition to govern a State by a
convention, by a body of men who are to be,
as it were—through their appointment of a
provisional governor and of other offices, bat
themselves retaining in reserve the whole
power—the government of a State in its worst
possible form, a hydra-headed government.
Now, sir, I am not willing to leave Mississippi
to the eovernment of that convention, no mat-
ter what may be the character of it or of those
who compose it. I prefer very much that sim-.
pie and more effective government, a military
rule, until the State is ready to come in upon
the same ground of obedience to the acts of
reconstruction as has been proposed to her
before. The acts of reconstruction and the
enforcement of them have never had a fair
chance in Mississippi; and just now, when
that fair chance may be given, I object to
hastening to adopt a different form for solving
the difficulty. 1 prefer to leave it to the pres-
ent Executive of the United States to govern
that State through the proper official, the mili-
tary commander of that district, rather than
to remit her to a government so large, so cum-
brous, and so expensive it seems to me %s it
must be, when that government is by a large
body like this convention to be reassembled
once or oftener for the purpose of acting upon
the constitution.
I repeat, therefore, that for these reasons
I prefer in the first place to postpone the whole
subject. Failing in that, I am in favor of sub-
mitting the constitution again to the people,
either by distinct votes upon its several parts,
as proposed by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farxswortu,] or as awhole without call-
ing the oonvention together again. And fail-
ing in that, I shall vote against the bill, which
will be in itself a postponement of the subject
in case the bill should not pass.
Gentlemen may say by thus remitting Missis-
sippi to the acts of reconstruction and to gov-
ernment under the military department through
the coming summer we are delaying the read-
mission of that State to her former proper and
normal relation to the rest of the States of the
Union. Well, sir, I have never been much
alarmed at that. I have always wished that
the States that were in rebellion should come
back as soon as possible. But as they took
their time to go out—and South Carolina and
Mississippi were about thirty years in doing
it—I am not alarmed at a short delay in having
them come in slowly. Only I wish that they
may come in surely and provided with a good
safeguard as to the future. I think the maxim
fest.ina lenie is perhaps one that will as well
I apply to the coming back ot these States, in-
i asmuch as they took advantage of it in their
! endeavors from time to time to get out of the
j Union. I repeat, although I should prefer to
I have them back at once, to-day, infulland com-
| plete accord with the rest of the Union in all
their relations, and with free governments es-
tablished and secured for the future, 1 woulcl
rather have the delay of another summer or
of another year than not to have the work
effectually done. And if the subject is post-
poned I believe that whatever <
of tribu-
