402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
lation now continues in Mississippi will yst
subside; the waters will clarify and there will
be time for things to crystalize into a more
perfect shape, so that we may come together
next winter prepared with the experience and
observation of another summer's chances for
that people to come to their full senses ; to
know better how to deal with them than we do
perhaps to-day.
Mr. FARNSW0 RTH. I yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have the floor in
my own right, if I can.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswortii] yields the remain-
der of his time the Chair will recognize the
gentleman from Massachusetts continuously.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to know how itis that this debate is all on
one side of the question, and there is no pos-
sibility of the other side getting a hearing?
The SPEAKER. The rule is explicit that
where a gentleman has spoken once on a sub-
ject he has not aright to the floor to the exclu-
sion of another gentleman who has not spoken
and who claims the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
never spoken on the subject of postponement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has spoken
on the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
an entirely new bill offered as a substitute by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to my colleague
if he desires it, provided I can have the floor
after him, as he has in some sense charge of
the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire that the previous question shall not be
sprung on us after two Democrats and two
other gentlemen have spoken against the bill
and there has been no opportunity to reply to
them.
^ Mr. DAWES. I am not particular at what
time I speak. If the House will indulge me
in a few brief remarks at some other time I
will let my colleague proceed at this time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the time
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] out?
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Illinois has just expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
rise to a privileged question. I desire to make
a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES. Then I hold the floor on the
Mississippi bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of
order that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] cannot hold the floor and allow
the other gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] to take the floor on a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair understands that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
rises to make a report from a committee of con-
ference, which would take the other gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] off the floor.
TENURE-OF-OFFICE LAW.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal an act reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the Senate amendment, and agree
to the same with the following amendments:
Strike out all after the word''officer," in line twenty-
seven of the second section of the Senate amendment,
to the end of the section, and insert in lieu thereof
the following: "then, and not otherwise, the Pres-
ident shall nominate another person as soon as prac-
ticable to said session of the Senate for said office."
Amend section three of the act to which this is an
amendment by inserting after the word "resigna-
tion," in line three of said section, the following:
or expiration of term of office;" and that the Senate
agree to the same. F. BUTLER,
JOHN A. BINGHAM.
C. C. WASHBURN.
Managers on the part of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
GEORGE 3?. EDMUNDS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the bill may be
read as it will stand if the report of the com-
mittee of conference be agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. And then I hope we shall
have some explanation of the effect of _ the
amendments recommended by the committee
of conference.
The bill was then read as proposed to be
amended.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to my colleague on the committee of con-
ference, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The House cannot fail to
fully comprehend the agreement of the com-
mittee of conference when they consider that
the original bill of the House was an uncon-
ditional repeal of the act of March 2, 1867,
commonly known as the tenure-of-office act,
which bill the Senate amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause of the House bill
and inserting in lieu thereof the following :
That the first and second sections of an act entitled
"An actregulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2.1867, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed, and in lieu of said repealed sections the
following are hereby enacted: That every person
holding any civil office to which he has been or here-
after may be appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and who shall have become
duly qualified to act therein, shall be entitled to
hold such ofiice during the term for which he shall
have been appointed, unless sooner removed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, or by the
appointment, with the like advice and consent, of a
successor in his place, except as herein otherwise
provided. , .
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That during any
recess of the Senate the President is hereby empow-
ered, in his discretion, to suspend any civil officer
appointed byandwiththe advice and consent of the
Senate, except judges of the United States courts,
until the end of the next session of the Senate, and to
designatesomesui table person, subject to beremoved,
in his discretion, by the designation of another to
perform the duties of such suspended officer in the
mean tltne; and such person so designated shall take
the oaths and give the bonds required by law to be
taken and given by the suspended officer; and shall,
during the time he performs his duties, be entitled
to the salary and emoluments of such office, no part
of which shall belong to the officer suspended; and
it shall be the duty of the President, within thirty
days after the commencement of each session of the
Senate, (except for any office which in his opinion
ought not to be filled.) to nominate persons to fill all
vacancies in office which existed at the meeting of
the Senate, whether temporarily filled or not, and
also in the place of all officers suspended; and if the
Senate during such session shall refuse to advise and
consent to an appointment in the place of any sus-
pended officer—
So far the amendment of the Senate is left
as passed by the Senate, the suspending power
being left subject to the concurrence therein
of the Senate at its next session. The re-
mainder of the Senate amendment is stricken
out as follows:
And shall also refuse by rote to assent to his sus-
pension, then, and not otherwise, such officer at the
end of the session shall be entitled to resume the
possession of the office from which he was suspended,
and afterward to discharge its duties and receive its
emoluments as though no such suspension had taken
place.
In lieu of the portion stricken out is inserted
the following:
Then, and not otherwise, tho President shall nom-
inate another person as soon as practicable to said
session of the Senate for said office.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentlemen from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the first section of the
Senate amendment remain untouched, accord-
ing to the report of the committee of confer-
ence ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It does. But the first and
second sections of the tenure-of-offiee law are
wholly repealed, and there is inserted in lieu
of those sections the first section of the amend-
ment of the Senate and the second section as
amended by the conference committee. In
other words, the limitations upon the power
of the Executive imposed by the first and sec-
ond sections of the original tenure-of-office act
are wholly repealed.
Mr. DAVIS. And the whole principle in-
volved in the act, which is whether or not
the Senate has the power of removal, ia left
untouched?
Mr. BINGHAM. I claim that the word "re-
moval" and the word "suspension," as used
in the amendment of the Senate, are synonyms.
Mr. BANKS. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] would now read the sec-
ond section of the amendment of the Senate
as agreed to by the committee of conference.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will read it just as the
report of the committee of conference proposes
it shall stand. It is as follows:
And le it further enacted, That during any recess
of the Senate the President is hereby empowered, in
his discretion, to suspend any civil officer ap;.-.,;r*od
by and with the advice and consent of th<i .Senate
except judges of the United States courts, until the
end of the next session of the Senate, and to desig-
nate some suitable person, subject to be removed, in
his discretion, by the designation of another to per-
form the duties of such suspended officer in the mean
time; and such person so designated shall take the
oaths and give the bonds required by law to be taken
and given by the suspended officer, and shall, during
the time he performs his duties, be entitled to the sal-
ary and emoluments of such office, no part of which
shall belong to the officer suspended; and it shall be
the duty of the President within thirty days after
the commencement of each session of the Senate
(except for any office which in his opinion ought not
to be filled) to nominate persons to fill all vacancies
in ofiice which existed at the meeting of the Senate
whether temporarily filled or not, and also in the
place of all officers suspended; and if the Senate
during such session shall refuse to advise and consent
to an appointment in the place of any suspended
officer, then, and not otherwise, the President shall
nominate anotherperson as soon as practicable to said
session of the Senate for said office.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. The question I wish to put is
this: whether under the bill as proposed to
be left by the committee of conference if the
President should suspend an officer during a
vacation of the Senate any authority can get
that man back into office at any time without
the consent of the President ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think no authority,
without the consent of the President, can get
a suspended officer back into the same office
Mr. HOAR. Not at any time?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the opinion of the
gentleman as a lawyer of the effect of this
section as proposed to be amended by the
report of the committee of conference?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is precisely my opin-
ion. The effect of striking out the restoring
clause of the Senate amendment is to leave
with the President, under the limitations of
law, all the power that was ever claimed for
the President under the Constitution of the
United States, to wit; to take away from an
officer appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate the power to control
the office corruptly against the interests of the
United States. But this power of the Presi-
dent is put in the form of an act of suspension •
and having made the suspension the President
must report that fact, together with the nom-
ination of a person to exercise the duties of
the suspended officer, to the Senate within
thirty days after the commencement of its next
session. If the Senate agree to the appoint-
ment then the old officer is gone, and there is
the end of him. If the Senate shall not agree
to the appointment, then the President is re-
quired, as soon as practicable, to nominate to
the same session of the Senate another person
to fill the office. If the Senate shall agree to
the new nomination of tho President, then the
office becomes filled ; if the Senate'shall not
agree, but shall adjourn without such agree-
ment, the office will be vacant.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
