mi
®JE0E 0OISTG-E1SSIONAL GLOBS.
March 31,
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand the second sec-
tion of this act as now proposed to be-amended
it is in substance this: it permits ;t!te President
to suspend an officer -and designate a person
to perform the duties of the office, it then
requires the President within thirty days after
the opening of the next session of the Senate
to nominate a person to fill such suspended
office. It then provides in these words:
And if the Senate during suchsession shall refuse
to advise and consent to an appointment in the place
of any suspended officer, then, and not otherwise,
the Presidentshall nominate another person as soon
as practicable to said session of the Senate for said
office.
The question I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts is this: suppose in a case
where the President has suspended an officer
and has made a nomination, according to the
provisions ofthis section, the Senate does not
" refuse to advise and consent " at such ses-
sion to an appointment, what then becomes of
the office 1
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If they
do not refuse, then the office is filled.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose they do not do any-
thing about it? "Then and not otherwise "
is the language of the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then the
office is rendered vacant. I will read from the
third section of the law :
And if no appointment, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall be made to such
office so vacant or temporarily filled as aforesaid
during such next session of the Senate, such office
shall remain in abeyance, without any salary, fees,
or emoluments attached thereto, until thesameshall
be filled by appointment thereto, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; and during such
time all the powers and duties belonging to such
Office shall be exercised by such other officer as may
by law exercise such powers And duties in case of a
vacancy in such office.
Mr. DAVIS here made aremark which,was
inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes;
it relates to all vacancies; and to meet the crit-
icism of my colleague on the Judiciary Com-
mittee, the committee of conference propose
to amend the third section of the law by insert-
ing after the words "vacancies which may hap-
pen during the recess of the Senate by reason
of death or resignation " thewords"or expi-
ration of term of office."
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman why the committee did not also provide
for all vacancies which may happen?
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman state what other vacancies can hap-
pen ?
Mr. DAVIS. A variety of vacancies can
happen. An officer may become incapable of
exercising the duties of the office by reason
of insanity, or the commission and conviction
of crime, for which the law provides a removal
from office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
latter case the term will have expired. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Baxks.]
Mr. BANKS. I want to state what I under-
stand to be the effect of this report of the com-
mittee of conference, in order that I may be
corrected if I am wrong. By the first section,
if the President makes a removal of an officer,
calling it a removal, and the Senate refuse to
confirm the nomination for his successor, then
the officer who has been removed is restored.
But if the President removes an officer, call-
ing it a suspension, and the Senate refuse to
confirm the nomination made in place of the
suspended officer, then the suspended officer is
notrestored, butitis made the duty of the Presi-
dent to make another nomination as soon as
practicable, and the suspended officer is at no
time restored.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Presi-
dent is left with the same power that he now
has.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest to my
respected colleague on the Committee on the
Judiciary [Mr. Davis] that the cases which he
just now supposed would not be covered by the
third section of the original tenure-of-office act,
that is, incapacity by reason of insanity, or
conviction of crime, or the voluntary removal
of the officer from the country, if you please,
those cases can be fully reached. The Presi-
dent has full power under the amendment of
the Senate to declare an officer in any such ease
suspended from his office and could appoint
some person to discharge its duties. The sec-
ond section gives the President power to sus-
pend any civil officer, appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, except
judges of the United States courts, and to do
this at his discretion.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman understands
very well that the words " at discretion" incor-
porated in the law of the country conclude
courts and conclude every other department
ef the Government. It was so settled fifty
years ago, I believe, in a case arising in the
gentleman's own State, under the act of 1793,
where the Executive had power at his dis-
cretion to call out the militia. It was there
held that his exercise of that power under the
statute of the United States concluded the
courts, although it took the citizen away from
his home, placed him underarms, and exposed
him to the dangers and trials of battle, and
denied him the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus; that there was 110 tribunal on earth
that could challenge his action under the law
which authorized him to exercise the power
"at his discretion."
I have this to say further, that it is distinctly
settled that the exercise of any discretionary
power, whether in an executive officer or a
judicial officer, is subject only to review by
the high trial by impeachment to determine
whether it be a proper use of that discretion-
ary power or an abuse. Therefore there is no
difficulty about the matter. If a vacancy happen
during a session of the Senate, there is a remedy
under the Constitution as well as under the
laws ; the President may send in to the Senate
a new name and have him approved. In short,
the law is made as comprehensive as the wants
of the nation require.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the gentleman
to say that in a case where a vacancy arises by
reason of a conviction for crime the President,
under the provisions of this bill, may suspend
the officer.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mis-
taken. 1 did not speak of a vacancy.
Mr.DAVIS. If there be a vacancy I would
ask what there is to suspend?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mistaken
totally in this; the word "vacancy" was his
and not mine. As my colleague on the com-
mittee of conference, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] told us, there is no
vacancy in the case cited. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] himself intro-
duced the word "vacancy." I said before,
and I say now, that where a party holding office
has been rendered incapable of exercising the
duties of the office by reason of insanity, or
the commission of crime of which he is duly
convicted, or by reason of having absconded
from the country still holding the office, this
amendment of the Senate, as amended by the
report of the committee of conference, gives
the President the power at his discretion, and
I will add imposes upon him the duty, in the
exercise of that discretion, to suspend that
officer, and to appoint another person to dis-
charge the duties of the office until the Senate
meet; and then the Senate will be called upon
to act and to agree to a successor.
Mr.DAVIS. Suppose the Senate do not agree
to the nomination madi? by the President, what
then will become of the office?
Mr. BINGHAM. It will be vacant.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] that in regard to the case which he put,
where the law made a vacancy upon imprison-
ment for crime, I said that was an end of the
term of office. In cases of incapacity, where
the officer cannot fulfill the duties of his office,
the officer remains in office, and the power of
suspension hers given meets the case. In other
words, we have it all here, only we call it sus-
pension and not removal, although I will again
say that I do not see the difference. But by
using the word "suspension" we save the
scruples of conscience of gentlemen who are
strongly committed against the term " re-
moval. ''
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I have been
following the lead of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in this matter cheerfully, hopefully,
and with the utmost good faith, having, as I
announced on Friday last, abandoned tempo-
rarily the leadership of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Biugham.] I expressed then the
hope and the opinion that my following of the
gentleman from Massachusetts would be only
temporary. The prediction which I then made
is now more than verified; and I find myself
compelled to cease to follow the gentleman
from Massachusetts in this matter. The report
which he has presented from the committee
of conference strikes me as a hermaphrodite.
It ought not to be satisfactory either to the
friends of the existing law or to those who favor
its repeal. Like all attempts at the compro-
mise of a great principle, it is, in my judg-
ment, an entire failure. I feel, sir, as one of
the "allies," that I am "out in the cold." I
think that generally the "allies" on this side
of the House are in the same position. In
this matter we can follow the gentleman from
Massachusetts no longer. Indeed, for the pres-
ent we are compelled to disclaim the leader-
ship either of the gentleman from Ohio or the
gentleman from Massachusetts. The copart-
nership, as limited as it was, has been dissolved.
As is suggested by some of my friends around
me, the concern leaves no assets. [Laughter.]
I believe that is emphatically true.
We can support this measure no longer,
either in justice to ourselves, or, if I may be
allowed the expression, in honor. Certainly
for one I cannot vote for this report, which
leaves the whole matter in a "muddle ;" which
leaves a question of the highest importance to
be settled by principles of construction purely,
allowed it to be decided one way if the Pres-
ident is regarded with favor by the party in
power, and another way if he should be un-
friendly politically to a majority of the Con-
gress of the United States. Whatever we may
do on this question, we ought to do it frankly
and explicitly. If we want to leave the Pres-
ident's power of removal untrammeled we
ought to say so ; if we intend to deny to him
the power of removal, we ought so to declare,
leaving nothing to construction upon a matter
so important as this.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I merely desire
to say that according to my construction of
this report the Senate yields nothing of the
position it has heretofore taken on this ques-
tion. Under the bill as now proposed to be
adopted the Senate will hold virtually and prac-
tically the power to coerce the President into
the appointment of such an officer as it may
dictate in place of any suspended officer. The
effect of this amended bill is that the President,
instead of exercising the power of removal
as he did before the passage of the tenure-of-
office act, may suspend an officer and nominate
a person in his place; but if the suspended
officer shall not be removed by the Senate,
then the President cannot renominate the first
appointee, but must nominate another person,
whom the Senate may reject; and thus that
body may go on ad infinitum, until it practi-
cally coerces the President into the nomina-
tion of such a person as may be acceptable
to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to correct the
gentleman's statement. The limitation which
forbids the President to renominate a person
whoss nomination has been rejected by the
Senate operates only during the session.
