1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
405
Mr. WOOD. And, Mr. Speaker, it will
operate again daring the succeeding session in
the same way; for the law is to be a fixture
upon the statute-book.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mis-
taken in his construction of the provision.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the tenure-of-
office act is in its fundamental principle wrong.
It is in violation of the Constitution. You
cannot cure its defects by any amendment or
modification. It is utterly wrong iu principle,
and should be repealed. I am only astonished
that the valiant gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bbtler] who led off in favor of the re-
peal of thatact should now so suddenly change
his attitude and ask this House to assent to the
present proposition, which is tantamount to
the original proposition made by the Senate as
against the measure of unconditional repeal
passed by the House of Representatives. I
hope, therefore, we shall not agree to this
report; and if it be in order, I move that the
House disagree to the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. I hope, Mr. Speaker, none
of my Republican friends will be deceived by
this notice of dissolution of partnership. On
the part of a majority of the Republican party
in this House it was claimed that there ought
to be a check on this power of absolute removal
of the President. That has been yielded. I
understand substantially the report of the com-
mittee of conference amounts to a total and
absolute repeal of the tenure-of-office law, and
that any check upon the part of the Senate on
that power is given up, entirely and absolutely
given up.
I understand that the difference between the
report of the committee of conference and
what is claimed on the part of my Democratic
friends is merely this: they say the Constitu-
tion gives to the President absolute and unlim-
ited power of removal which Congress or the
Senate have no check upon whatever. The
report of the committee of conference purports
to be a grant of power from Congress to the
President of precisely the same thing. Inas-
much as we attempt to give this power to the
President, by a kind of implication, it would
appear that it was ours to give. So by this
report of the committee of conference we sur-
render everything of principle contained in the
tenure-of-office law; and it purports to be a
surrender. Therefore I desire every Repub-
lican who wishes to maintain the principle of
the tenure-of-office law and that there should
be a check upon the power of removal, a power
reserved in the Senate to say to the President,
"You shall not without any cause turn out this
man," to vote against the report made by this
committee.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt
every gentleman on this floor desires to vote
intelligently on this question. I ask, therefore,
whether it is in order to move that this subject
lie over until to-morrow morning, so that this
bill may be printed and laid upon our tables ?
For one I am anxious to know myself what
there is of it. I do not believe any gentleman
here but the members of the committee fully
comprehend it. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield the floor for that motion?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
consent to yield the floor for that purpose, but
now yield to my colleague.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, if I understand
the explanation of this bill which has been
made by the committee, the important princf-
ple which it contains is this : as the power of
appointment has been exercised hitherto if the
Senate, after the suspension of a civil officer,
adjourns without having confirmed the ap- i
pointee of the President, the result was that j
the President appointed anewofficerwlio held j
until the next session of the Senate, subject to i
its action then. Now, if the President suspends |
a civil officer in the vacation and the Senate j
refuse to concur in that suspension under the
operation of this bill er in the appointment of
the officer proposed, or if the Senate adjourn
without having taken any action one way or
the other, so they cannot be said to have re-
fused, then at the expiration of the term of
the Senate the office is left in abeyance.
Mr, LOUGHRIDGE. By virtue of what
law will the office be suspended ?
Mr. nO AR. By virtue of the third section.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The third section
does not apply to a case of suspension. It
applies to three classes of cases: 1, vacancy
by death; 2, vacancy by resignation; o, va-
cancy by expiration of term, neither of which
is the case of a suspension under this law. I
claim that under this law as it will stand if we
adopt the report, if the Senate do not agree to
the officer appointed at the next session then
the suspended officer is returned to the office.
Mr. HOAR. The answer I have made was
the answer made by the chairman of the com-
mittee who reported the bill to a question put
to him by the gentleman from New York. I
take his explanation; and the result is this,
that this bill, as it is left, puts it in the power
of the Senate to say to the President, who is
charged with the civil administration of the
Government, " Y ou shall either take back the
man whom you found and publicly declared to
be unfit to exercise a civil office, or you shall
have no officer at all; that you shall either put
back a man whom you had better not have
attempted to remove because you have put
yourself upon the record as declaring him to
be an incapable and unfit man, or be compelled
to administer the Government without any offi-
cer at all." If the Senate may say that in
regard to one they may say it in regard to a
hundred. That is the result; and I do notcare
what cushion may bo put out to break the fall.
The question is, does the law-making power
of the Government, of which this House is a
part, mean to say that the President, whom we
charge with the duty of administering the Gov-
ernment, may be compelled by any other power
on earth to administer it through the agency
of an officer whom we know he has declared
to be incompetent? As a question of legisla-
tive policy there can be but one answer to that.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman from Illinois and will
then call for the previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire more than a
few minutes of time. I have been one of those
in favor of the repeal of this law, and whether
satisfied or not with the report of the commit-
tee of conference I shall vote for it. and desire
to give my reasons for so doing.
The objection to the amendment fiom the
Senate the other day was this: they provided
in that amendment that the President should
have the right to suspend from office, but if the
person nominated or designated in his place
should not be confirmed by the Senate, then
if the Senate affirmatively refused to concur
in the suspension, the suspended officer should
again become clothed with official robes. My
objection was this: if they should concur in
the nomination, then if the Senate should stop
right there and take no further action, the office
would become vacant; but if the Senate at a
future time should vote affirmatively against
the suspension, then it revived the office in the
party suspended. That was my objection to it;
and for this reason: in the provision of the
Constitution which allows the President to
nominate and the Senate to consent, requiring
the assent of both when an officer was sus-
pended, the office became vacant; then if at a
subsequent time the Senate could by an affirm-
ative action put an officer back in office, I say
that was putting executive power in the bands
of the Senate without the consent of the Pres-
ident. Hence I maintained that it was uncon-
stitutional. I believe it was. That was my
proposition and that was my statement.
Now, sir, theconference committee, whether
because that point was made or not makes no
difference to me, have stricken from the bill
that which was obnoxious. It relieves the bill
of that portion whieh clearly to my mind was
unconstitutional. What have they left? They
have left the shadow of the substance and
nothing more. Although I should prefer a
bill of two lines: "Be it enacted, &c., That
the civil tenure-of-office law, approved at such
a date, is hereby repealed," although I would
have preferred that, yet, inasmuch as the Sen-
ate have some pride of opinion, and the House
have some pride of opinion, and the Repub-
lican portion of the House are divided in ref-
erence to this question, and the Senate and
House had chosen a committee of members
representing both sides of that question, I am
willing to vote for the report which they have
made. In their agreement they have done, in
my judgment, what I would have done, except
they have employed different language from
that which I would have employed. 1 would
have said "repealed," but they have said in
a great many words what amounts to the same
thing.
With the permission of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I will add one other word. The
first and second sections of the tenure-of-office
law are repealed. The third section stands,
with an amendment to it. The third section
following this provision reported by the com-
mittee provides that the President may suspend
from office, and if the Senate confirm the nom-
ination of the President, the office is filled ; if
not, the office becomes vacant.
The gentleman from Massachusetts thinks
the office does not become vacant, but the sus-
pended man resumes the functions of the office.
Mr. HOAR. The office becomes suspended,
but not the officer.
Mr. LOGAN. I maintain the man becomes
suspended, because of the law which remains
on the statute-book in the third section.
Mr. HOAR. My point is, that under this
bill the Senate can say to the President, "Take
back the man you suspended, or you shall have
no officer."
Mr. LOGAN. I maintain the contrary as a
legal proposition; for the third section pro-
vides that if there be no appointment, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
such office so suspended, the office shall remain
in abeyance.
Mr. HOAR. Remain in abeyance—how?
Mr. LOGAN. Until some person shall be
appointed. That is the construction of it.
You cannot give it any other construction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
call for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. If the demand for the pre-
vious question be voted down will my motion
then be in order to postpone the further con-
sideration of the report until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. If the demand for the
previous question be not sustained the Chair
will recognize the gentleman from New York
to move to postpone the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope the demand for
the previous question will not be sustained.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
70, noes SO.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldrjdge were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes S)8, noes 01.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. NIBLACIv demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 67, not voting
21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amblor, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Aspor, Bailey, Banks, Bcaman, £enneW,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Bufimton, Lurdott,
Benjamin F.BuUer,J^derickB.BuU«,Cako.Cessna,
Churchill, Amasa Cobb. Cimton i. Cobb, Cobuin,
Cook, Conger, Cowles.Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Doek-
cry, Pottlev,X>uval, Bia,femss.FinkelBburg,l!ishei,
Fitch, Karfieid.SUiiliaij, Hale, Hawlev, Hay, Henton,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, IngersoIL Jenckeg, Alex-
