1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
side of one particular congressional district
was held subject to the arms of the enemy, who
were there defying the Government of the
United States. So here in Virginia there was
a. Representative admitted upon the floor of
the House who had but thirteen votes cast for
him at Ball's Cross Roads, and another from
Fortress Monroe with but twenty-five.
But the experience of the war and its lessons
taught the Congress of the United States the
necessity of abandoning any such attempt at
restoration as that; and although one of its
most earnest advocates myself, and having
charge of a committee whose duty^ it was to
represent that very idea and carry it through
this House, I was compelled, with the rest
of my colleagues, to believe that something
more Radical, something more than beginning
at the top to build up a new State upon the
ruins of old States thus trodden out of exist-
ence by the rebellion was necessary. Then
came the attempt to enact in the Congress of
the United States a form of government for
those States under_the specious title of guaran-
tying to them a republican form of govern-
ment, as if to dictate a republican form of gov-
ernment was synonymous with guarantying
such a form of government. When that was
passed by both Houses of Congress, Mr. Lin-
coln, true to the instincts of our Government
from first to last, growing faster than any one
else in a knowledge of what the necessities of
the rebellion were teaching, pocketed it, refus-
ing either to sign or to veto it.
Then Mr. Lincoln himself came forward with
his proposition, by which he proposed when-
ever there could be found in any one State
lately in rebellion one tenth of its old voters
willing to take the oath which he had pre-
scribed. and willing to form for themselves a
government which, in his opinion, was repub-
lican in form, it should have the guarantee of
the Executive, and by that means and around
that nucleus, around that germ of govern-
ment, he hoped to build up in those States
what would ultimately develop a power there
and a legitimate government, having at last
the sanction of the majority of those who were
to be governed and to whom he alone looked
as the ultimate sanction of any form of govern-
ment he might desire to see established in those
States. The experiment was tried under that
plan "f Mr. Lincoln under the auspices of my
co-:-i.yo on the right in the State of Louis-
iana , -id Mr. Hahn was elected Governor and
inaugurated with all the form and ceremonies
and splendor it was possible to attract around
such a proceeding in order to give it thatefcZaf >
and that public approbation and support which J
it was felt all along it would lack and without I
which it must ultimately fail. It did fail at last.
Then came another plan. It failed, whether
or not may have been the want of any sup-
port it might have received at Washington. It
failed, and in my opinion there could not have
been ultimately gathered to its support a ma-
jority of those who were to be covered by it.
Then came another plan, that which was dis-
cussed and reduced to writing in the last Cab-
inet meeting vrhich Mr. Lincoln over held, cmd
which never under his auspices was put into
practical operation. However the plan Mr.
Johnson finally attempted to have carried out
may have differed in essentials from that which
was substantially agreed upon in Mr. Lincoln's
Cabinet upon the last day of his life, and about
which there is some difference of opinion, the
mode of its administrations was as widely dif-
ferent from that contemplated when it was
originated in Mr. Lincoln s Cabinet as heaven
is from hell. Whether that original plan of
Mr. Lincoln would have been a success or not
under the benign influence of the sagacity and
patriotism of liis Administration, there can be
no argument drawn from the failure of that one
which was administered by placing all power
in the control of the very men who had raised
their hands to destroy the Government itself,
a proposition which Mr. Lincoln said was, to
call it by no harsher name, a simple absurdity.
What did all these several plans teach and
to what did they drive the Government of the
United States in the execution of that obliga-
tion which the Constitution imposed to see
that the laws were faithfully executed and to
guaranty in each one of those Startes a repub-
lican form of government? All those plans,
save perhaps that one of Mr. Lincoln which
failed in its experiment in New Orleans—all
those plans, including that one to which I was
more attached myself than any other, and that
was the plan of disintegrating the rebellion
and plucking congressional districts, one after
another from its grasp—I say all of them were
built upon the false position that the one thing
needful in those States was to provide for the
holding of office. I came to learn and Con-
gress Game to learn and to support the meas-
ure which was founded on this essential differ-
ence, that the last thing which was needed in
those States, which should be the final crown-
ing manifestation that the work had been done
and properly done, was that there should come
into this Hall and that at the other end of the
Capitol good and true and loyal men, and
there should come into State organizations and
State authority good and true and loyal men,
having the interests of their State and the
Government at heart. Those are but the mani-
festation and evidence and not the substance
of the thing itself that your work had been
done, and as the result of that work, as a
proof that the work had been done and well
done, as an evidence there come up good and
true men into the places of power and trust
and influence upon their fellow-men.
Hence, sir, wc went back to Mr. Lincoln s
idea and enacted military governments over
those States. The logical consequences of the
war itself were embodied into an act of Con-
gress, namely, that when flagrant war had
ceased the military arm of the Government had
not necessarily completed its work. Not only
was it necessary for the military arm of the
Government to put down the rebellion, but it
was necessary that that same arm. should hold
it down, and from our experience and our
theories we were compelled at last to hasten
to one rational, logical result of it all, and that
was we must hold, by the same power which
put the rebellion down, that rebellious spirit
in subjection until the people came to their
senses and were clothed in their right mind;
until they had repented of their folly and their
crime ; until they had abandoned treasonable
practices, violence, assassination, rapine, and
all the crimes which have horrified our people
for the last few years; until they had turned
to the path of peace and of true loyal citizen-
ship; until they had turned to build up their
waste places; until the restoration of their
ruiued houses and homes and hamlets and
institutions—to the restoration of society and
to the institutions of society, modified as they
were and broken up, as it were, into their
original elements by the fourteenth and fif teenth
articles of amendment to the Constitution of
the- United States, and not to be gathered
together by any other course than an earnest
and honest desire to build their States up
again. .
Under no other rule, sir, could it be done.
Yon may, if you have the power, make your
framework of government here as perfect as
any ever LiOcke conceived in his chamber^ but
if vou put it down in the State of Mississippi
it will 'fall to pieces unless your Army goes
down there to hold it up. You may enact
penalties for the violation of private rights,
you may pass what laws you please against the
awful tragedies enacted week after week in
those States, but they will go oil, unless the
military arm is sent there, and unless its com-
manding general here and its subordinate om-
cers there are true in heait ?.nd spirit to the
great work and are watchful to see that it shall
be done.
What does all this mean, Mr. Speaker.
We are bound to keep the peace there, and
until the peace is kept there can come from
out of that people no form of government.
However it may answer the requirements ot
the Constitution and our sense of the obliga-
tion of the Constitution as well upon us as upon
them—unless, I say, it has its origin in the
hearts of those people and is built up and made
by them through a feeling of the necessity on
their part of such a government, and because of
that necessity and to meet that exigency, they
submit themselves to mak« and build it up—
there can be no governments there republican
in form. I care not under whatform itmay be
initiated, it must in the end, when it takes upon
itself the functions of State government, answer
to three ends or it is no government under the
Constitution of the U nited States. If it answer
those ends it is all we can require at their
hands, and it is all the widest development of
prosperity and peace and onward growth and
power which those now prostrate ana rebellious
States can demand.
Those three essentials, Mr. Speaker, are to
my mind these, and nothing more: the first
it shall be republican in form, in the form that
the Constitution means, and accordingto what-
ever may be attached to that word in the Con-
stitution ; the second is—and it does not make
any matter how it arises—it must have the
assent of those over whom its power is to be
exercised ; and thirdly, it must command that
support within the limits of the State which will
enable it to maintain itself over that people.
Until that day shall come in the State of
Mississippi, or in any one of those States, in
my opinion it is utterly futile and idle for us to
build up in any other way. It is utter folly for
us to resort to temporary expedients of this
kind or that to remedy perhaps the very evils
in which former expedients have left us, and
to correct crying and outrageous wrongs which
those very expedients have rendered possible.
That that day may come soon, Mr. Speaker, I
doubt not is the prayer of every patriot in the
land. That that day may come soon, it is just
as necessary for us to watch as it is to pray; ana
praying will be worth little to us if we throw
the key to the burglar, and watching will not
be worth much to us if we open the doors and
invite in those whose past life and present pas-
sion and pursuit touch us only to close up every
avenue of approach to the vital elemental prin-
ciple of government.. That it may come to-
day or six months hence, Mr. Speaker, what
does it matter, compared with the greater and
more important question, will it so come that
when it does come it will come to stay ?
Now, what has been the result under this
last resort of the Congress of the United States,
to which they were driven reluctantly and com-
pelled to take up because there appeared no
other possible way to build up governments
there but to hold these people under the
strong arm until there could be republican
governments established there? My colleague
will answer, so far as the military bills were
faithfully executed in those States there never
had been in all the better days of those States
a time when life was so safe, property better
protected, than underthese very same military
governments. Yet, Mr. Speaker, so anions
were we to rehabilitate those States that the
constant study in Congress has been from that
hour to this to devise ways and means to lead
these men into forms of loyalty without the
substance in which we should have the outer
man, when inwardly this whited sepulchre was
full of dead men's bones and all manner ot
uncleanness.
What, therefore, Mr. Speaker, is the occasion
for us to now resort to new devices just as the
Administration in which the people have a
i right to have confidence has come into P°w?r
an Administration which has earned that right
i to confidence in the very field the jurisdiction
over which we now propose to takej,™" "
! Why are we, sir, just at tbe outset of this A
11 ministration, making haste m the 1^'^100
this session to relieve as
ran these people of Mississippi from the re
straint of the military arm a^-J? a
of men, to us irresponsibleZ
the Constitution itself—to which I propose to
