1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion was taken from the Speaker's table, read
three times, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
penalties under currency act.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the House to act
on a bill of the Senate which has been con-
sidered by the Committee 011 Banking and Cur-
rency. It is a bill which was passed at the last
session of Congress, but by a mistake in the
bill it was made to refer to a section of the
currency act which had keen repealed. This
is exactly the same bill, except that reference
is now made to the proper section of the cur-
rency act.
No objection was made.
The bill (S. No. 190) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864, by ex-
tending certain penalties to accessories, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that every
person who shall aid or abet any officer or agent
of any association in doing any of the acts
enumerated in section fifty-five of an act en-
titled '' An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864, with
intent to defraud or deceive, shall be liable to
the same punishment therein provided for the
principal.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal 01? disabilities.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. N®. 357) re-
moving political disabilities from certain per-
sons ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
surveyor general 01? louisiana.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
estimates for the compensation of the surveyor
general of Louisiana and the clerks in his
office, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
election contest durham vs. jones.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
presented papers relating to the contested-
election case of Durham vs. Jones, from the
seventh congressional district of North Caro-
lina ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
election contest— switzler vs. dyer.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent,. presented papers relating to the contested-
election case of Switzler vs. Dyer, from the
ninth congressional districtof Missouri; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
election contest south carolina.
The SPEAKER also, by mammons con-
sent, presented papersrelatingto the contested-
election case of Sympson vs. Wallace, from the
fourth congressional district of South Caro-
lina ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
election contest—zeigler vs. rice.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented papers relating to the contested-
election case of Zeiglerjjs. Rice, from the ninth
congressional district of Kentucky ; whichwere
referred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion of Mr. Brooks that the House
adjourn was then agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. CLARKE: The memorial of James
B. Kitchen, for payment for wool, amounting
to $12,901.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The peti-
tion of Starkey S. Harrell, of North Carolina,
asking to be relieved from political disabili-
ties.
ByMr. JULIAN : The petition of 85 citizens
of Brunswick, Maine, praying for the right of
women to vote.
By Mr. McCarthy : The petition of Grace
E. fiillis and Jessie D. Hillis, for pension, as
heirs of their brother Duncan D. Ilillis, who
died in the service.
By Mr. PACKARD : The petition of certain
maimed soldiers of South Bend, Indiana, pray-
ing that the Government furnish them with
artificial limbs once every five years.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Hiram
Smith and others, of Middlebury, Vermont, in
favor of legislation to furnish artificial limbs to
disabled soldiers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 1, 1669.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of John Duncan, of Mississippi, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of E.
D. Fisher, of Mississippi, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the removal of
the political disabilities imposed on Monroe
Donoho; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition
of Mr. W. N. Walton, for himself and others,
remonstrating against the immediate action of
the Senate upon the joint resolution granting
the right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific railroad, asking, as I understand the
petition, that the resolution be referred to the
appropriate committee for examination. The
Senator from California [Mr. Cole] says that
the subject is before the Committee on Public
Lands. I think the resolution referred to in
this petition is a House resolution lying on
the table. The Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] informs me that a Senate bill cor-
responding to that joint resolution is now in
the keeping of the Committee on Public Lands,
who are considering it. I move the reference
of this petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of S.
Longwith, of Virginia, praying tho removal of
his political disabilities ; which was referred to
the select Committee on tho Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of the
Franklin Institute, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for an appropriation of money to
provide for observations of the total eclipse of
the sun in August next, the money to be
expended under the direction of the chief of
the Bureau of Navigation or of the Superin-
tendent of Coast Survey; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
Mrs. Laura A. Turner, of Massachusetts, pray-
ing that the remains of her husband, E. S.
Turner, late acting master United States Navy,
be taken from Rio Janeiro and brought back
to the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of J os6 N. Casanova, who sets forth that he is
a citizen of the United States, having been duly
naturalized; that he holds property in the
island of Cuba, that he has been maltreated
there by the Governor General of the island,
and that a brother of his engaged in the pub-
lication of a newspaper has been seized and
thrown into custody wrongfully, as he repre-
sents. This is addressed to the Congress of the
United States. I have already said to the
petitioner that in my opinion it more properly
belonged to the Executive, but inasmuch as it
is addressed to the Congress and he has re-
quested me to present it, I do present it and
move its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of
Lewis H. Garrett, George K. Crutchfield, Wil-
liam B. Payne, A. G. Dabney, James R. Cul-
lum, William H. Wooding, Allen L. Wyllie, E.
B. Arthur, William 13. Watson, Sidney E.
Payne, T. G. Elliott, Joseph H. Sherrard, John
A. Smith, R. S. Reynolds, Cornelius Pate, Wil-
liam W. Moseiy, Muscoe Gamett, and Thomas
II. Hunton, all of Virginia,, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; whichwere re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of retired
officers of the Army, praying that they may bo
allowed their full pay when retired; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of Thomas Jones and others, praying that a
pension be granted to William P. Sturgeon,
late a private in company I, eleventh Maryland
infantry volunteers; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, Th at the memorial of Rowland Cromelien,
on the files of the Senate.be referred to the Commit-
tee on tho District ol Columbia.
judicial system.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment to the House amendment to the
bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial system
of the United States, being a new section as a
substitute for the fifth and sixth sections of the
House amendment, and which I ask to have
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to
print will be made.
reports of committees.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committeeoa
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Wylly Woodbridge, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
. Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
221) for the relief of the sureties of Israel T.
Canby, late receiver of public moneys at Craw-
fordsville, Indiana, imported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, joint resolutions, and petitions, asked
to°be discharged from their further consider-
