1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to appoint
guardians or trustees for minor Indian chil-
dren who may be entitled to pensions or
bounties under existing laws, to report it back
without amendment; and I ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It recites that sundry
Indians served in the Federal Army, some of
whom died in the service and others since,
leaving minor heirs, and that there is no pro-
vision of law for these minor Indians to obtain
bounties, back pay, or other benellts to which
their ancestors were entitled. Ilence it is
proposed to authorize the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to appoint guardians or trustees
of any of these minors, and to take bond and
security for the performance of such duties :
and such guardian or trustee shall be author-
ized to collect from the Government all back
pay, bounties, and pensions to which the mi-
nors may be entitled, and to expend the same
for the use and benefit of the minors, with the
consent and under the direction of any court
of record of the United States or of any Ter-
ritory having jurisdiction at the place where
such minors may reside. The terms of the
resolution are not to apply to the Cherokee,
Creek, or Seminole nations of Indians, or con-
flict in any manner with the provisions of the
treaties of 18G6 with those nations.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
RAILROAD 1UUDGE AT PABCCAU.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee 011 Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (IT. R. No. 61) authorizing
the building of a railroad bridge over the Ohio
river at Paducah, Kentucky, have directed me
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage ; and if there is no objec-
tion I should like to have it put upon its pas-
sage now. It is very short, and it will take
but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceed to consider
the joint resolution. It gives the consent of
Congress to the erection of a railroad bridge
over the Ohio river from the city of Paducah,
Kentucky, to the State of Illinois, by the Pa-
ducah and Gulf Railroad Company and such
others as may associate with them for that pur-
pose under the laws of the States of Kentucky
and Illinois. The bridge is to be built Willi
an unbroken or continuous span of not less
than four hundred feet in the clear, from pier
to pier, over the main channel of the river,
and in all other respects in accordance with
the conditions and limitations ol'an act entitled
"An act to establish certain post roads,'' ap-
proved July 14, 1862. The bridge, when com-
. pleted in the manner specified is to be deemed
and taken to be a legal structure, and a post
road for the transmission of the mails of the
United States ; but Congress reserves the right
to withdraw the assent hereby given in case
tlie free navigation of the river shall at any
time be substantially and materially obstructed
by any bridge to be erected under the authority
of the resolution, or to direct the necessary
modifications and alterations of said bridge.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, lead the third time, and passed.
UAH,ROAD FROM SuLM A TO GADSDEN.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the Uil 1_ (S_. No.
109) to revive the grant of lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Selma to Gads-
den, in the State of Alabama, and to confirm
the same to the Selma. Rome, and Daltoti Rail-
road Company, have instructed me to report it
back with an amendment; and 1 ask for its
present consideration.
Byunanimousconsent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to revive so much of the grant
of public lands made to the State of Alabama
by anactentitled "An actgranting public lands
in alternate sections to the State of Alabama
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State," approved June 3, 18-56, as was
applicable under the act, to aid in the construc-
tion of the railroad therein designated as " the
Coosa and Alabama railroad from Selma to
Gadsden," and to confirm and grant the lands
to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad
Company, the successor of the Alabama and
Tennessee River Railroad Company; but this
grant is not to extend or apply to other lands
than such as were granted and set apart under
the act of June 3, 1856, to aid in the construc-
tion of the railroad, and only to so much of
the lands as shall bo equal in quantity to the
aggregate of six sections per mile for the num-
ber of miles of that portion of the railroad
from Selma to Jacksonville. The bill also
grants to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Rail-
road Company the right of way, one hundred
leet in width from the center and 011 each side
of the railroad of the company, as the same is
now located and constructed, upon and over
Ihe lands of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the latter
part of the first section read again.
Mr. POMEROY. There is_ an amendment
reported to that portion of the bill. Let the
amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands,
which was to strike out the following proviso
at the end of the first section :
Provided, however. That this grant shall not ox-
tend or apply to other than ouch as were granted
and set apart under the said act of Juno 18513, to
aid in the construction of the said railroad, and only
to so much of said lands as shall bo equal imrKiutitj
to tho aggregate of six sections per mile for the num-
ber of miles of that portion of the said railroad from
Selma to Jacksonville.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
Excepting sucli of said lands as lie west of range
nine and of said road as now constructed, and north
of township fifteen.
Mr. CONKLING. T wish the Senator hav-
ing this bill in charge would make an explan-
ation of it.
Mr. WARNER. I will state in regard to
I this bill that in 1856 Congress passed a law
I granting lands to a number of railroads, some
half a dozen in the same bill. One condition
I of the grant was that the roads should be com-
| pleted within ten years. One hundred and j
i thirty-five miles out of one hundred and fifty 1
; of this particular road were completed within j
1 the tune, but the war intervened and the ten '
years ehwsed without the actual completion of
! the road,"so that technically, perhaps, the grant
'I lapsed, although the company contend that by
! law, as well as by equity, they are entitled to
!' the grant. They do not admit that the giant
' has "lapsed. I think myself the grant had
lapsed, although I am sure that equitably
they are entitled to it. They claim, and with
very strong support of argument and law, that
they are entitled to the grant. The grant was
made to the State of Alabama to build a road
over a certain designated line. The Legisla-
ture of Alabama designated this company to
build the road. They went on and built it as
I have said, but had not quite completed it_at
the breaking out of the war. As I have said,
oy contend that legally, if they were to carry
i i.e case i.ito the courts, they are entitled to
t>.,' grant. 1 do not quite admit that, but I do
admit the equity of their claim. They have
since completed their road, and now they ask,
ia order fo remove this shadow of doubt from
tho title to the lands, and to avoid going into
the courts and through perhaps a long litiga-
tion, that Congress shall reaffirm their right
to these lands.
1 will state that the owners and managers of
this road are ail loyal men. The most of the
capital employed in the road is owned by citi-
zens who are constituents of the Senator from
j New York who asked me the question. They
i are loyal men, men of the highest character,
I and have been active and energetic friends of
' the Government, I will state that they are
preparing now to give away a large portion of
these lands to actual settlers along the line of
the road, with a view to building up a local
business for the road. They do not expect to
derive their profit from the sale of the lands,
but from the speedy settlement of them, and
from the business growing out of the cultiva-
tion and settlement of the lands. I received
yesterday a telegram from. Mr. E. G. Barney,
who is the manager of the road, stating that
the first installment of emigrants had arrived,
whom he proposed to settle upon these lands
by actual donation, and asking what Congress
was going to do. 1 think the bill is right and
proper. It is for the interest of reconstruction
and the interest of the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of tho Senator, before he takes his seat, what
was the date of the original grant?
Mr. WARNER. June 3, 1856.
Mr. CONKLING. So that it has never been
extended ?
Mr. WARNER. It has never been extended.
Mr. CONKLING. And the ground of fail-
ure was the intervention of the rebellion?
Mr. WARNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the bill give any-
thing more than the original law gave?
Mr. WARNER. Itgivesless. They changed
their route over a portion of it, and we have
excepted, by the amendment of the committee,
that, portion from the grant. It gives less than
the original grant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossel for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. oui)kr of BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWE. T rise to make an appeal to
the Senate, to ask unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a bill like two or
three of those which have been considered this
morning. I perceive a new invention here.
Committees report, and they ask unanimous
consent to have their reports considered, and
the courtesy of the Senate is now indulging
them to that extent. The consequence is that
the regular order of business prescribed by the
rule occupies the whole morning hour, and
there is no time left for us to move the con-
sideration of biNs. Since so much time has
been thus occupied, I ask that the Senate will
unanimously consent that we proceed to the
consideration of Senate joint resolution No. 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair can-
not entertain such a motion while members
are 011 the floor, as now, with morning hour
business, until the regular business of the mora-
ine hour shall have been concluded.
Mr, CONKLING. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to conclude the morning business, and
then, although I should dislike to interfere
with anybody, I hope we shall proceed to the
unfinished business of the morning hour when
the regular morning business is over, which is
the resolution of adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen- •
at.or from New York rise to present a bill or
joint resolution, which is the business now in
order ?
Mr. CONKLTNU. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it. j!1UjS inproducud.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill of which no previous notice
has been given. In introducing this bill I wish
to make a remark. I have not prepared it my-
self; I have not examined it closely. It relates
to the extension of a patent. I introduce ii
with a printed memorial, as I understand, ana
shall ask its reference, after being read a first
and second time, to the Committee on I atents.
1 make this statement because I see the under-
standing seems to be that it a Senator intro-
duces a bill he in some way commits nmse t
to it I have 110 opinion about this bill; I do
not understand its merits ; but I do understand
that if a person brings a bill prepared, proper
