412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
in its character to be considered, decorous and
suitable in its terms, and asks that it be exam-
ined by the proper committee, it is no more
than fair ordinarily to give it entrance to the
Senate. The other day I had occasion to in-
troduce a bill in reference to ocean mail ser-
vice 
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin objects to debate.
Mr. CONKLINO. I am not going to debate
it. I am simply going to make a remark about
that bill, if the Senator will allow me, and will
conclude with that remark.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be very glad to hear
the Senator after the morning business is con-
cluded.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
in a condition now in which it can be debated.
Mr. CONKLING. I was simply going to
say that there was a mistake in introducing
that bill, the wrong bill having gone to the
Clerk's desk.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 233) for the relief of
Samuel Pierce; and it was read twice by its
title, and referred, with the accompanying
papers, presented by Mr. Coxkling, to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. HABLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
234) relating to acknowledgments of deeds or
other instruments of writing in the Distiict of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
235) in relation to exemplifications of public
records ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 23G)
to extend the time for the Little Rock and Fort
Smith Railroad Company to complete the first
section of twenty miles of said road; which
was read twice byjts title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 237) for the encouragement of yachting,
improvement in naval architecture, cultivation
of naval science, and amendatory of the act
authorising the Secretary of the Treasury to
license yachts ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No,
238) granting lands and the right of way to the
Denver Central and Georgetown llailway Com-
pany ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and erdered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 239)
granting the right of way and aid in public
lands to the Denver, South Park, and Rio
Grande Railway and Telegraph Company ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 240)
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Brownsville, Nebraska, to inter-
sect-the Union Pacific railroad; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tie on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
_ -Mr.s- WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sfe"B$ obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
to'relinquish the interest of the United
SEafes-in certain lands to the city and county
of Saa Francisco; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
AJ%{rs,'and ordered to be printed.
, ;Ifr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous eon-
sejnt'dbtajned, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
242) for the relief of Elizabeth Odell, Mary
Woodbury, and others, half-breed women of
the Sioux tribe of Indians; which wasread twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYERasked, and by unanimous coil-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
243) amending the preemption and homestead
laws, so as to require the planting of tiees
on homestead and preemption settlements;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUMNERasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
244) for the removal of disabilities from the
persons therein named ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 245) to secure the completion of the Wash-
ington and Lincoln monuments; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 246) to relieve certain persons of all
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 247) relative to the military reservation at
Fort Dalles, in Oregon ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Alfairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 218) relating to copies of drawings in the
Patent Office, and for other purposes ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed;
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. li. No. 55) donating condemned
material to the Industrial Home School of the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 50) granting a right of
way to the New Orleans and Ship Island Canal
Company; which was read twice by its titla,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 57) postponing the elec-
tion in Texas; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further bills or joint resolutions to be intro-
duced that order is closed, and resolutions are
in order. If there are no resolutions the Sen-
ator from Kansas moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate joint resolution No. 19.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the regular
order, the unfinished business of the morning
hour of yesterday, the resolution for adjourn-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the introduction of resolutions, as the Chair
stated, and if there be no resolutions the Sen-
ator from Kansas is recognized.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a mere matter of
local importance to my State to enable some
settlers to secure title to land on a reservation.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Chair
whether the resolution of adjournment is not,
jj the unfinished business of the morning hour,
j and does not come up on demand ?
Mr. POMEROY. There is no unfinished
i business of the morning hour.
j! The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rules of
the Semite, there appears to be no unfinished
business of the morning hour, and the Senate
must proceed to its consideration, if at all, by
vote. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Kansas.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
I as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 19)
enabling actual settlers to purchase certain
lands of the Great and Little Osage Indians.
It provides that when public sale is made of
the landsgianted and sold to the United States
by virtue of the first and second articles of the
treaty with the Great and Little Osage Indians,
concluded September 2'J, 1865, and proclaimed
January 21, 1867, any actual settler who at
date of the sale shall be residing upon any por-
tion of the land, not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres, who has made improvements
thereon, aud who is a citizen, or has declared
liis intention to become a citizen of the United
States, shall have the privilege of purchasing
the same at $1 25 cents per acre, aud shall be
eutiiled to pay for the same in four annual in-
stallments of twenty-five per cent, each, with
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum ;
the first of the installments to be paid at the
expiration of one year from the date of the sale,
under such, rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior;
but at the sale both the odd and even-numbered
sections in the reservation are to be offered for
public sale under the terms of the resolution,
if they shall not have been reserved and set
apart under the existing law, for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of any railroad
through the lands. In determining who is the
actual settler entitled to the provisions of the
resolution it is to be the duty of the register
and receiver of the land office within which
district the lands are situated to hear and de-
termine all contested or disputed cases as to
the rights of parties or persons to their fe-
spective claims, and to decide the same under
the laws and rules applicable to persons and
parties under the preemption laws of the Uni-
ted States, and the person having the right to
purchase is to receive a certificate to that effect
from the register of the land office. The Secre-
tary of the Interior is to give at least three
months' notice of the sale of the lands, to
enable all persons to procure the certificates.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
joint resolution with an amendment, to strike
out after the word ''acre," in line fourteen of
the first section, the following words :
And shall be entitled to pay for tho same in four
annual installments of twenty-five per cent, each,
with interest on the same at the rate of five per cent,
per annum; the first of said installments to be paid
at the expiration of one year from tho date of said
sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now may we know what
the effect of that amendment is? We do not
understand it alike at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the amendment agreed to by
fhp miffroo
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Clerk to read
the first section as it will read if the amend-
ment is incorporated in it.
The Chief Clerk. The first section, as
amended, reads as follows:
That when public sale is made of tho lands granted
and sold to the United States by virtue of thefirstand
second articles of the treaty of tho said TTnitedStates
and the Great and Little Osage Indians, which treaty
was concluded September 29, 1865, and proclaimed
January 21,1867, any actual settler who at dateofsaid
sale shall bo residing upon any portion of said land,
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, who has
made improvements thereon, and who is a citizen,
or has declared his intention to become a citizen of
the United States, shall have the privilege of pur-
chasing the same at$l 25 per acre, under such rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior: Provided, however, That at said
sale both the odd and even numbered sections in
said reservation shall be offered for public sale under
