1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the terms of this resolution, if thesame shall not have
been reserved and set apart under the existing law,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of any
railroad through said lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the honor-
able Senator from Kansas if this resolution
does not embrace the odd sections within the
limits of a railroad grant?
Mr. POMEROY. There is a question
whether the company is entitled to the_m_ or
not. If they are reserved under the existing
law they cannot be sold; but if they are not,
they can be sold. I do not know whether the
railroad company has a right to them or not;
but if under existing law it has a right to them
the odd sections are not to be sold, but only
the even sections. If the Department decide
that it has not a right to them, then the whole
of the land is to be sold.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be safer
to put the price at $2 50 rather than at $1 25.
The Senate may not be aware of the fact that
the land referred to in this resolution is a strip
of about twenty miles by fifty in width on the
east end of the Osage lands. _ The United
States bought the land of the Indians and have
paid them for it, or put the money to their
credit, and it was hoped the Treasury would
be reimbursed by the sale of the lands; but
either a bill was passed or the treaty was so
amended as to permit, a railroad company to
take one half of the land on the usual condition
of increasing the price of the remaining sec-
tions to $2 50 an acre. Now, if the even sec-
tions are to be sold at $1 2o, and the railroad
should gain the other sections for nothing, I
am not sure that the Treasury would be reim-
bursed.
Mr. POMBROY. The Treasury will be re-
imbursed at $1 25 an acre, and almost double
if they sell the whole of the lands. I am in-
formed that $1 25 for the odd-numbered sec-
tions will reimburse the Treasury, and some-
thing more. I think $1 25 an acre is as much
as the settlers are inclined to pay for that land.
They will not take it all at that price. It is
not all settled upon. We have charged $2 50
an acre in other portions where the lands are
better; but I do not think we ought to charge
these settlers over $1 25 an acre.
Mr. HARLAN. If they are within the limits
of the railroad granton the odd sections it seems
to me they ought to pay what other settlers
similarly situated are requiredto pay ; that is,
double the minimum price. There is no doubt
that the railroad will be built, and they will be
better able to pay §2 50 an acre adjacent to
the railroad than $1 25 ordinarily lor other
lands. If the bill can be so amended as to
require them to pay $2 50 an acre if within
the limits of the railroad grant, I would see no
objection to its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator thinks
these lands ought to bring $2 50 an acre, and
will move that amendment, I shall not object
to it. although I think it is too much for them.
Mr. HARLAN. I move, then, to insert
after tie word "acre," in the fourteenth line
of the first section, the words "and if within
the limits of a railroad grant, $2 50 per acre.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The joint resolution ^as ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
.message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 190) to amend an act entitled
' 'An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3,1804, by extending
certain penalties to accessories ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 42) respecting
the pay and allowances of enlisted men of the
Army.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief
of Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
States Navy ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the "Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3) to amend an act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices;
A-joint resolution (H. R. No. 65) to facili-
tate the construction of the custom-house at
Bangor, Maine ;
A bill (S. No. 100) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, by extending
certain penalties to accessories ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 42) respecting
the pay and allowances of enlisted men of the
Army.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, hisflSecretary,
announced that the President this_ day had
approved and signed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 12) for the relief of Orlando
Brown ;
A bill (S. No. 1GG) for the relief of Isabella
C. Youngs, wife of Thenphilus Youngs ; and
A bill (S. No. 198) in addition to an act
entitled " An act to relieve from legal and
political disabilities certain persons engaged
in the late rebellion," approved July 27, 1868.
indian appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the Indian appropriation
bill, is before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator who
has charge of that bill to lay it aside to enable
us to setlle the question of adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must decline to do
that. I think it more important to dispose of
this bill than to do anything else. I hope we
shall be able to get through with the bill to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no doubt we can
get through with the bill to-day ; bat I think
we can dispose of this other subject in fifteen
minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope we shall go on
with the Indian bill. The Senator can caU up
the resolution of which he speaks at some other
time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want to have it settled,
and I think it will facilitate the public business
if we settle it now. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the concurrent, resolution of
the House of Representatives on the subject
of adjournment. I should prefer to have the
unfinished business lie over informally, if the
Senator will allow us to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves to postpone all prior
j orders for the purpose of considering the reso-
lution in regard to adjournment.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. I must appeal to the
,| Senate, after this bill having been postponed
ji time after time, a bill so important, when it
is now before us, that they will not put it, out
il of its regular order. The Senator cau just as
well call up that subject to-morrow morning if
j' we get through this bill to-day, as I hope we
p shall if not interrupted.
i Mr. ANTHONY. Well, Mr. President, Sen-
ators all around me ask me to withdraw the
motion. I will wait until to-morrow morning.
I will call it up then and endeavor to get, the
sense of the Senate upon it,.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When the Indian bill
is disposed of I shall not object to taking up
the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will be, if you will sit
it out to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will try to finish it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator fro.m Rhode
Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will let it lie over until
to-morrow; and then I shall call up this ad-
journment resolution and ask the Senate to
take a vote upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. At what time?
Mr. ANTHONY. As soon as I can get the
floor; and if at no other time, after the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Call it up in the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot call it up in
the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that there are conflicting
decisions with regard to the postponement ot
the unfinished business. It is his opinion that
under the parliamentary law it is within the
power of the Senate to postpone the unfinished
business for half an hour or an hour, or to
any time of the day on which the unfinished
business is pending, and resume it>at that time
exactly, as at one o'clock. The Chair thinks
there can be no doubt of this as the true con-
struction of parliamentary law, that the unfin-
ished business can be postponed to half past
one o'clock, to two o'clock, or three o'clock,
and then resume its order at that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Rhode Island has withdrawn his motion ; and
1 hope we shall go on and finish this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the bill (H. R. No.
123) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1870. That bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after line fifty-two the following
clause;
For pay of sub-agents, four in Oregon and two in
"Washington Territory, $6,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted unless some very good
reasons are given for it. The Committee on
Appropriations found it in the bill as it was
passed by the Senate at the last session, but
they could see no reason why it should be
adopted. They have in Oregon, which is the
only place where sub-agents are called for,
three Indian agents for the tribes in Oregon
and three for the tribes in Washington Terri-
tory—six agents in the whole; and this proposes
a new idea in this bill certainly, and that is to
appoint six sub-agents in that State and that
Territory. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
i Mr. IIxVRLAN. The Senator is m error m
1 supposing that this is new. It is precisely what
| has been provided for every year regularly,
t These sub-ageuts are in lieu of regular agents,
the only difference being that they receive
51,000a yearand regular agents receive$1,500
a year. These sub-agents are assigned to tribes.
Their duties are the same precisely as those of
the regular agents. They have been regular y
provided for from year to year, and are regularly
assigned to tribes, and have the same duties
precisely to perform that regular agents have.
I shall be compelled to insist on this amend-
ment, because I personally know it to be neces-
sary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not mean to say
that it was altogether new; but it is the only
instance in this bill where sub-agents are pro-
vided for by the bill itself. They are provided
in no other section of the country. That would
make twelve agents for the State of Oregon
and the Territory of Washington, and the bill
now provides for six.
Mr. HARLAN. When the law passed author-
izing that number of agents for the Territories
that the Senator names Idaho and Montama,
or a large part of Montana, were embraced m
i that district of country, and a part of those
agents are now serving m
Idaho.
'Mr. FESSENDEN.
I suppose, separately.
They are provided for,
