414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. They are em-
braced in the first section of the bill under the
general provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some of these agents
are in the Territories of Idaho and Montana,
I take it.
Mr. CORBETT. I know of reservations in
Oregon that the sub-agents have charge of,
and unless you allow sub-agents to be provided
for as heretofore the Indians will scatter, and
there will be no sub-agent there. We must
either provide an agent or a sub agent. The
sub-agents only get $1,000 a year, and the
regular agents get $1,500. It was supposed
that these sub-agents might perform the same
duties at a less rate and be under the direct
care of the superintendent, and in that way
they have been designated. Some of these
agencies or reservations are two hundred miles,
and I do not know but three hundred miles,
from the regular agencies. Forinstarice, there
is a sub-agent at the Klamath ageney in charge
of about two thousand Indians. If you do not
adopt this amendment there is no provision
for any person to take charge of them. There
is another sub-agent on the Alsea reservation,
which is about one hundred miles from the
Siletz reservation, and there are perhaps eight
hundred Indians on that reservation. If that
is not provided for those Indians will go loose.
There is another on the Umatilla reservation,
and there is one on the Warm Springs reser-
vation, one hundred and fifty miles from that.
There is also one upon the Grande Ronde res-
ervation, and one upon the Siletz reservation.
That makes six agents and sub-agents, at any
rate : and I suppose there is probably one in
service at Idaho, as stated by the Senator
from Iowa. We must have those sub-agents.
Mr. PESSEND EN. I find, on looking over
the Indian agents provided for in the bill, that
thereareniueinsteadofsix. Thereare "three
for the'tribes in Oregon," in the first place;
then, down lower on the same page, "three for
the tribes in Washington Territory ;" then, on
the next page, "three for the tribes in the
Territory of Washington." That makes nine ;
and the addition of six sub-agents makes fif-
teen, and, according to the statement of the
Senator from Iowa, Idaho and Montana have
been taken off, and none of these apply to those
Territories at all. Now, sir, it cannot be pos-
sible that we want six more, making fifteen in
the State of Oregon and the Territory of Wash-
ington. Probably two or three of those pro-
vided for in the Territory of Washington may
be used for this purpose, but that is going to
a very great length. On looking over the list
of those in the Oregon superintendeney, as it
stands now there are six besides the superin-
tendent, and in the Washington superintend-
eney there are five besides the superintendent,
making eleven ; and you propose fifteen, and
Idaho and Montana are taken o£F. There are
pine as it stands in the bill, and this is to add
six more than there are now in Oregon and
Washington.
' Mr. HARLAN. Montana and Idaho are
taken off; but not in the sense that the Senator
means. The Indian tribes are there just as
they were before. The same tribes originally
embraced in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories-are now, a part of them, in what are
now known as Idaho and Montana.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Why do you want more?
Mr. HARLAN. These sub-agents were
employed before. It is nothing new.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a list of all the
• agents and sub-agents now employed iu my
hand in a public document of Congress, and
itgives six in Oregon and five in the Washing-
ton superintendeney, making eleven. Now,
there are nine by this bill as it stands, and you
■propose six-more, making fifteen—an addition
of four to the present list of agents employed.
• - Mr-. COfiBBTT. Do you say that there are
nine in Oregon ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. - No, sir; I say there
are three in Oregon, as it stands, and six in
Mr, CORBETT. I do not know so far as
Washington is concerned how many they have
there, but I know there are six employed upo
separate reservations in Oregon. I know, from
the location, that they cannot be dispensed
with. I have named them before. Now, so
far as Washington Territory is concerned, I am
not so familiar with it: that is under a separate
superintendent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the list. There
are five in Washington, and eleven in the
whole. Now, you propose to have fifteen in
the whole, because the bill as it now stands
provides one more iu Washington, an agent,
not a sub-agent, in addition to the superintend-
ents, making six, and then six of these addi-
tional sub-agents.
Mr. HAIILAN. The real question is, is
there a tribe where the agents are duplicated ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I do not know :
but there is no law that I am aware of for the
employment of more than are contained in
this list; and you increase the number by four
of all those employed in that State and that
Territory.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no increase what-
ever ; it is providing for the regular number of
agents ami sub-agents that have been provided
for heretofore and have been regularly paid
from year to year; but by some means, by
some oversight, the regular appropriation for
the sub-agents in that State and that Territory
has been omitted in the House bill. That is
all there is ot it. You might just as well strike
out the appropriation for any other six agents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator cannot
contend for that on the face of this bill, for if
he will look at the second page he will see'in
the provision in regard to agents "three for
the tribes in Washington Territory,'' and then
if he will look at the top of the third page
he will see again "three for the tribes in the
Territory of Washington." That is the way
the bill stands as it was passed by the House
of Representatives. Now take the list fur-
nished from the Department of the Interior
of the number of agents and sub-agents both
in the Territory of Washington, and it is only
live. The bill therefore adds one to those em-
ployed at the present time. I have here a
document from the Interior Department dated
January 5, 1809, and headed "Letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicated in
compliance with the resolution of the Senate
of the 21st ultimo, a list of the Indian super-
intendents and agents, and designating the
absentees from their posts." Take the Wash-
ington superintendeney, and it stands just as I
have stated—one superintendent, three agents,
and two sub-agents. Instead of that, you have
in this bdl already six agents for that Terri-
tory.
Mr. HARLAN. In the paper the Senator
has in his hand what number of agents is
designated in Montana and Idaho?-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not se  any now.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the explanation.
Mr. E\ESSENDEN. B~t why do you in-
crease it?
Mr. HARLAN. There is no increase what-
ever. I will inform the Senator. If the Senator
knows more about this subject than the com-
mittee that has it in charge, and more than the
Department itself, of course the Senate must
follow his advice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, the Senator is
inexcusable in saying that, because the state-
ment I make is based on a paper that comes
from the Department of the Interior, and I
hold it in my hand. I do not pretend to know
more; but the Senator knows more, and on
his ipse dixit he says that all these are neces-
sary when the Department gives a list of all.
and makes only eleven in the whole; whereas
the bill as. he proposes to amend it would pro-
vide for fifteen. If he can reconcile these two
statements, very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I have attempted to recon-
cile them by stating that under the old law the
territory now embraced in Idaho and Montana
was included in what were then known as Ore-
gon and Washington Territories. No other
explanation is necessary. Three or four of
these agents are now serving in Idaho and
Montana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the list, and I
do not see Idaho and Montana mentioned.
Mr. HARLAN. Because they are mentioned
under the other head.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What other head?
Mr. HARLAN. "Oregonand Washington.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; but under
Oregon and Washington there aio eleven, as it
stands now. Why add four ? That is my ques-
tion. If there is a mistake in this bill, if the
Senator wants to appoint three sub-agents for
Washington Territory, he should strike out one
of the two clauses providing each for three
agents for the tribes in the Territory of Wash-
ington,in the first part of the bill, because there
are six. I am inclined to think that that must
be a mistake in the bill itself, and that there
should be but three agents there, because, ac-
cording to the list which I hold in my hand, there
are but three agents now in the Territory of
Washington.
Mr. CORBETT. I think probably "three
for Washington Territory " is repeated twice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you strike out one
of those two clauses, each allowing three for
the tribes in Washington Territory, there would
be a reason for inserting two more for Wash-
ington, not three.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know how that
is. Possibly they may be in Idaho. There is
now one full agent in Idaho for the Nez
Perces. Robert Newell, I know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see his name
in this list.
Mr. CORBETT. He is agent for a very
large tribe.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I see now in the report
to which I have referred the list for Idaho. I
see there a Governor and ex officio superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, and three agents in
the Idaho superintendeney. I overlooked that
before. Then I see in Montana a Governor,
and ex officio superintendent, and three agents,
or rather one agent and two special agents.
Then you have them all. So that does not
account for it. There is certainly some mis-
take. I am very much inclined to think that
the " three for the tribes in the Territory of
Washington" is repeated twice, and one of
those clauses should be stricken out.
Mr. CORBETT. It is stated that they have
followed out the old law, and that some of
those men are in service in these other Terri-
tories, and that there is no special provision
in the bill for the otherTerritories. The Sen-
ator has the list before him, and he finds that
Idaho and Montana are not provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see them in
the enumeration of the bill. I have looked it
over. I think that is true.
Mr. CORBETT. Those who drew up the
bill simply followed the old law. Since that law
was passed the Territories have been divided,
and these men are in service in the new Ter-
ritories.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the bill should
be amended, not as the Committee on Indian
Affairs undertake to amend it, but by inserting
the proper number of agents for those Terri-
tories, reducing the number now proposed,
because i "see by the list from th* Department,
that in the Idaho superintendeney they have a
superintendent and three agents—Mr. Newell,
Mr. Hough, and Mr. Powell. In the Montana
superintendeney they have a superintendent,
one agent, and two special agents, and there is
a vacancy in one agency. Therefore they can
not come under the six you propose to put in
here ; that is out of the question. Now, take
the Washington superintendeney; there are,
according to the list, three agents and two sub-
agents. You propose to have six agents as
the bill stands, and three sub-agents, making
nine for the Washington superintendeney alone.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that when
the ageneies were created Idaho and Montana
were part of Washington Territory ; so that the
six agents and two sub-agents "provided for
