1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this new treaty, covering so much ground, put
an end to the old one; but on looking at it
further I find that that treaty never was exe-
cuted at ail. Although the bill says "for
third of twenty installments for the pay of
nineteen half-breeds, in goods or money, at the
discretion of the President, fifty dollars each,
in accordance wnh seventh article of treaty
of July 16, I860"—and the next clause refers
to the same treaty—that treaty never was rati-
fied, and does not exist. I suggest, therefore,
to the Senator from Iowa that if this amend-
ment is adopted these two provisions ought to
be struck out, for there is no treaty upon which
they are founded. Here is a new treaty wuii
the Crows which covers a large extent of j
ground, and there is no reason for putting a
falsehood 011 the face of our bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move, if the Sen-
ator from Iowa will allow me to interpose, to
strike out the first two provisions in the bill
under the head of "Crows," beingthe clauses
from line six hundred and twenty-seven to line
six hundred and thirty-four. There is no
treaty on which they are founded, and here is
a new treaty which covers a very large extent
of ground.
Mr, HARLAN. The explanation of the
necessity of those appropriations seems to be
that they are not for the tribe, but for certain j
persons who are now found there. The clauses ;
are: j
For third of twenty installments for the payofnine- >
teen half-breeds, in goodsor money, at the discretion
ot the President, fifty dollars each, in accord.nice with
bevenlh article of ti euty of JulylG. I860, 1950.
Eorthisamounito be paidPierreChten, ioririendly
services rendered by him to the Crow Indians, $200.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all very true ;
but there is no such treaty. It never has been
ratified, and there is no intention of ratifying
it. Why should we go on for twenty years
making these payments ? These persons must
settle the matter with the tribe itself. I move
to strike out the two clauses.
Mr. HARLAN. It is true the treaty was
not ratified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, to strike out from line six hundred and
twenty-seven to line six hundred and thirty-
four, inclusive.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see how the com-
mittee can defend these items under any pro-
vision of law or treaty. It is rather a liumii- |
iating fact, however, that these people should
be there. They are certain half-breeds, and
they bear the name of very distinguished gen-
tlemen, citizens of the United States. When
a treaty was made with these Crows in 1800,
certain provision was made for these anoma-
lous members of the tribe that had relations in
the United States of high standing and high
social position. Now, whether it is best to
reduce them to the dependent condition of the
other members of that tribe there may be a
question. There is no treaty requiring the
payment. There was a treaty negotiated and
signed, but it was never ratified. Personally
I should prefer to see the clause stand, but if
the Senate should think otherwise, be it so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is to continue for
nearly twenty years lonser if we go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs instruct me to move to increase the
appropriation in line six hundred and seventy-
eight from $3,600 to $4,200. The chairman
of the Committee oil Appropriation® will ob-
serve that this is for the pay of certain em-
ployes for the Dwamish and other allied tribes
in Washington Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We adopted the same
principle there as in other cases which the
Senate have acted upon.
Mr. HARLAN. Has the Senator examined
to see if the text as it stands wiil give a com-
pensation conforming to the rule adopted by
the Committee on Appropriations?
Air. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. That appro-
priation allows $750 each to the blacksmith,
carpenter, and farmer, $1,200 to the physician,
and $150 for medicines. That is the way it is
made up. The Senator had better let it stand.
Mr. liARLAN. As the Senate has once
voted on the principle I cannot insist, on the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN. The nextamendmentwhich
I was instructed to offer is of the same char-
acter. It was in lines seven hundred and
ninety-seven and seven hundred and ninety-
eight to increase the appropriation from $3,000
to $4,200. If the attention of the Appropri-
ation Committee has been called to that also I
will not offer the amendment, but I was in-
structed to move it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is precisely the same
as the last case.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not move it. Then
in line eight hundred and three there is, I
think, a clerical error. Itnowreads" forfourth
of fifteen installments."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mis-
taken ; that is right as it stands. I suppose
the Senator's attention is called to the fact
that this clause speaks of " fourth of fifteen
installments," while the preceding clause is
'■for fourteenth of fifteen installments," and
both refer to the same treaty; but although
they are both under the same treaty the two
payments did not commence at the same time.
Ihe one in the last clause by the terms of the
fourth article did not begin until the year 1807,
so that this is really the fourth installment.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; I will not offer
any amendment to that clause. I next move,
in lines eight hundred and seventy-four and
eight, hundred and seventy-five, to increase the
appropriation from $800 to $1,500. This is
for the support of a school for the " Nisqually,
Puyalhip, and other tribes and bands of In-
dians."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object, to
that. I think the amount proposed is little
enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment which
I am instniced to offer is to come in after line
nine bundled and eighty-eight, among the ap-
propriations fur the Omahas :
For pay of one engineer, $1,200,
This was discussed in the Senate at the last
session. It is to provide for the pay of en-
gineer for a mill on the Omaha reservation on
the east edge of the State of Nebraska. The
Senate, either on a division or a yea and nay
vote, I have forgotten which, decided at the
last session to put in the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 know that it was
adopted, because I found it in the amended
bill; but on looking at the treaty I saw there
was no provision for an engineer.
Mr. HARLAN. It is true there is nothing
in the treaty on the subject, but the explana-
tion is this : it was thought at the time a water-
mill could be constructed on a small stream
that runs through the reservation ; but it turned
out afterward that they were compelled to build
a steam mill. Everybody knows that the In-
dians cannot run a steam mill without an engi-
neer, and an estimate has been made for an
engineer regularly, from year to year, and the
amount has been appropriated. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs thought it better to
put it in. It is the ordinary appropriation, and
it is for a very necessary purpose. This mill
is of very great utility to these Indians. They
are very quiet, peaceable, and industrious In-
dians, and are likely to become good citizens
in time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am- instraeted by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move to insert
at the end of the appropriations for the Seneeas,
after line twelve hundred and twelve: -
For blacksmith and assistant, shonand tools, iron
or steel, during the pleasure of the President, as per
fourth article treaty of February 28, lgol, $.1,080.
For milier, during the.pleasure of the President,
$600. ' - ; ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. That matter was con-
sidered by the Committee on Appropriations
with some attention, and I will state briefly
the ground on which they refused to make that
insertion, and I suppose that was tho ground
upon which the House acted. It will' be no-
ticed that it is for the Seneca Indians. The
particular phraseology of the amendment will
be noticed :
The blacksmith and assistant, shot) and tools, iron
or steel, durin? the pleasure of the President, as per
fourth article treaty of February 28,1831.
Almost forty years we have been making
this appropriation " during the pleasure of the
President." Now, what was the meaning-.the
idea conveyed in that being limited by the
pleasure of the President? Evidently that it
was a temporary affair, which at the time, the
treaty was executed was necessary ; but it has
gone on for nearly forty, and the argument in
favor of it is that it has been made a good
many years, and therefore must be continued.
Is it to be continued for a hundred years, or
for two hundred years, as long as any of them
are left; or is it to be, as was evidently in-
tended, a matter to be considered by the Pres-
ident or by some one under his direction, and
the fact ascertained whether it was any longer
expedient to continue that appropriation ? This
bill is full of this kind of appropriations "'dur-
ing the pleasure of the President" under old
treaties that have existed for a considerable
number of years. This, I guess, is the oldest
of the lot, and we might as well begin here,
I want some evidence that the President has
considered the matter, through somebody em-
ployed to make the examination, and that the
situation of the tribe is such, their condition
not improved, that we are to continue to fur-
nish these things to the end of time, or as long
as any of them exist. If these words meant
anything they meant that it was to be tempo-
rary, and to he considered from time to time,
whereas for any evidence we have it has been,
as a matter of course, inserted in the estimates
by the Indian Office year by year, and it is to be
continued as a matter of course, nobody can
tell how long. My opinion is that the House
of Representatives was wise in striking it oat,
and that we ought to concur in their action.
Mr. HARLAN. I indorse very fully the
principle of the argument of the honorable
Senator from Maine. I think he is right,; I
think it was the original intention that the
President might at any time terminate this part
of the payments to be made to the Seneeas.
But I would be glad if the Senator would reflect
that these Seneeas were some time ago a very
powerful nation of Indians residing in the State-
of Ohio. They have been driven west.
Mr. FESSENDEN. New York.
Mr. HARLAN. They were further east then
than I had supposed. The chief clerk of the
Indian Bureau gave me my information at the
desk just now. But that does not matter; they
were a powerful band of Indians; they have
been pushed off west from time to time, have
been diminishing in numbers until now there
are. but a few hundred of ihem, and they are
exceedingly poor. They live in the northeast
comer of the Indian territory, up near the south
border of Kansas and the west border of Mis-
souri. They were overrun by both armies
during the war, and their little improvements
swept away, and the little stock that they had
collected around them destroyed. They are
as poor as people can be to breathe and live,
'lhey have no annuities that are worth men-
tioning.
The Committee on Indian Affairs could not
therefore agree that this little amount should
be withheld until their condition is changed.
After they have enjoyed a period of peace and
