1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Mr. HARLAN. I will accept that modifi-
cation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another largo
sura here to which I should like to call the
attention of the Senator:
For this amount, or so much thereof rs may be
Decenary, for the purchase of one American cow and
one pair of American oxen for each lodge or family
t.hat commences farming, $50,000.
I should like to know if there is an article
of the treaty that makes it necessary to give a
cow and pair of oxen to each family?
Mr. HARLAN. There is such a clause in
the treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. J should like to see
how it reads. The amendment does not refer
to any article.
Mr. HARLAN. This is the clause:
"And it, is farther stipulated that theUnued States
willfurnish and deliver to eaeli lodge of Indians, or
family ot persons legally incorporated "with them,
whoshall removoto thereservation herein described
and continence farming, one good American cow, and
one good, well-broken pairof American oxen, within
sixty days after such lodge or family shall have so
settled upon said reservation."
Jlr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I think
it*will open the door to a great deal of abuse
if we make this appropriation now of $50,000
to give each family a cow in the beginning.
A friend near me [Mr. Grimes] suggests that
probably most of them will be killed and eaten
up the first year; that that will be the way of
disposing of thein for family purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. The first week.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this is altogether
too large a sum to appropriate at first. There
should be a very sparing and careful appro-
priation made under that article. I do not
think much of the article of the treaty anyhow.
We are going to make those Indians, to begin
with, much better off than a great many people
of the United States by furnishing them so
much.
Mr. HARLAN. If they undertake to farm
they will have to have some kind of teams.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they do not want
so many oxen and cows to begin with. I think
the Senator had better take a much smaller
sum if he calculates to make any progress
with it.
Mr. HARLAN. The estimate of the Depart-
ment was §84,009.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Departments are
very liberal and generous in their estimates for
money.
Mr. HARLAN, The committee thought
that perhaps S50.000 would answer the pur-
pose, and have reduced the estimate to §00,000
from $84,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to reduce the
appropiiatioii to $20,000. That will be enough
to commence the experiment with at first, at
any rate.
Mr. HARLAN. We ought to give them an
opportunity to commence farming under cir-
cumstances somewhat favorable. If those in
charge of the Indians are right in their esti-
mate, and there are thirty thousand of them,
$o0,000 would not be a very large sum of
money to provide teams and one cow for each
family who might be willing to settle down and
go to farming.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be very difficult
to find many families the first year who will
do it.
Mr. HARLAN. There has to be a begin-
ning, Mr. President. We can never know
whether they will eat them up or not until
they are tried. Some of the Indians are very
fond of stock, and acquire property of that kind
with great avidity. That has proved to be the
case with the Choctaws, Chickasaws, Creeks,
and Cherokees. I suppose when they began
they began with a small amount; and that
they did not eat them all up is evident from
the great wealth they posses-ed in this kind
of property when the war began. They are
very greatly reduced now, to be sure: but at
that time individual Indians were the owners
of herds amounting to thousands in number.
They had to begin, and I suppose the begin-
ning was small. This proposition is for a
small beginning for these Sioux. The com-
missioners who have been up among them say
they promise well and say they will go to work
and try to live as white people do. It is very
important that they should be started under
favorable circumstances.
Mr. GRIMES. Will my colleague allow me
to inquire whether the Government is to win-
ter these cattle?
Mr. HARLAN. My colleague understands
a3 well as I do that buffalo live up there during
the winter without forage.
Mr. GRIMES. I think not where these In-
dians are. Where these Indians are, from what
I understand, and I think my information is
quite accurate, for two years there has not been
anything raised in shape of corn, nothing hut,
grass that stock can feed upon. I think we
had better make an appropriation for feeding
these cattle.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure whether the
grass is rendered worthless in the region of
country where these Indians are located or
not during the winter season, but in some
parts of that district of country we all know
the grass is cured and it is hay after it has
ceased to grow in a very short time, and is as
useful to stock as the hay that is stacked on
our farms. There are herdsmen south and
west of this reservation, I know, who raise
and winter their stock without cutting and put-
ting up forage. I am not sure how it may be
here ; but if the grass would not winter them,
of couise the Indians must learn to cut the
grass and cure it and put it up just as they have
learned in other places.
Mr. YATES. 'This is a very important
proposition of the chairman of the Indian
Committee. It proposes to give to each Indian
family a cow.
Mr. HARLAN. That part of them who are
willing to settle down and commence farming.
Mr. YATES. I think the Senator had bet-
ter give them a buffalo. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, with regard to this ques-
tion of the treatment of the Indians, every man
who has any benevolence in him or any of the
milk of human kindness is for doing for the
Indian all that he is worthy of. He was the
first occupant, the" first settler upon the soil.
In one sense he owned the soil. The whole
continent of America, embracing all its rivers
and lakes and oceans, its hills, its mountains,
and its prairies, belonged to him. He had
possession of this country by primitive right.
It was his, all of it, from lake to gulf, from
shore to shore.
But, sir, I must confess my astonishment at
the proposition now offered by the chairman
of thecommiltee proposingto give each Indian
family a cow as a start to commence farming
with. Our whole Indian policy is wrong from
beginning to end. The Indian is a savage. He
never had any right whatever to this soil. It
did not belong to him. He was a roving sav-
age. The Government, instead of treating the
aborigines as roving savages, lias pretended to
treat with them as though they were the own-
ers of the land, and in that negotiation has
cheated them out of everything they owned, if
they really owned anything. There is the great
error in our Indian policy. The Indian had
no title. He was a savage ; he was a heathen :
and we never should have negotiated with him.
Mr. President, I am in favor of the home-
stead exem ption. I am in favor of every legis-
lative measure by which the poor can be aided.
I would be in favor of the utmost charity and
proper governmental appropriations to the
Indians. But. sir, this policy is futile : I will
not use a stronger term. ^Ve must treat the
Indian as he is, as no part of American civili-
zation. He is not civilized, and cannot^ be
civilized, and willnot.becivilized. Hedespises
civilization. Ho abhors civilization. Give hi in
every charity in the world; that is all right;
but let it not be by governmental legislation.
Do not introduce into the legislation of this
country a system which is radically wrong.
The Government should notgiveamere charity
to anybody. You propose to give the Indian
a cow. Why not give him a buffalo? Give
him what he takes himself. He takes the buf-
ialo. lie does not want a cow. I do not say
this in the way of derision, because I appre-
ciate the charity of the committee in this iijat-
ter : but let us not go upon a false basis. The
American aborigines, the Indians, are no part
of the civilization of this country. I would
treat them with kindness and with charity, We
have tiled to civilize them. Religion has tried
it The missionaries have tried it. Schools
have been established for their benefit. We
remember the experiment of Richard M. John-
son in Kentucky, who in the benevolence of
his heart organized aud established an Indian
school and tried to sustain it. We remember
the efforts of the missionaries everywhere.
Sir, I think the legislation of America in
regard to the Indians is more worthy of con-
demnation than anything else, for the reason
that it treated the Indians as the owners of
land. They never owned a footof land. They
were roving savages. They never owned and
could not own land. They could not under-
stand the title to land. They never claimed
land. We treat them as the owners of land.
That is all wrong. The Indians cannot be civil-
ized ; they will not be civilized; they do not
want to be civilized ; and therefore when the
chairman of the commiitee comes forward and
asks that the Congress of the United States
shall appropriate IjioO.OOO to buy up cows for
these roving savages, I think it is—well, I will
not say what I think about it, but it ought not
to be done. We must treat them as savages.
In this view I am opposed to this proposiuon.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will occupy a few minutes.,
at the risk of wearying the patience of the
Senate, in calling attention to this objection to
the policy of the United States with the In-
dians in this country. It would be perfectly
amazing to any one who had given but a slight
attention to this subject to listen to the Sen-
ator's remarks that these Indians are all sav-
ages. Does he not know that nearly one
hundred thousand of them now live from the
pursuits of their own labor? There are about
three hundred and fifty thousand of them in
all, and well up to one hundred thousand of
them now are civilized and live on the pro-
ceeds of the sweat of their own face.
We often hear it said that the policy of the
United Slates toward the Indian tribes is wrong,
because we have Indian wars while the people
of Great Britain in the Canadas live in peace
with their Indians. Sir, the Indian policy in
the United States is the English policy, estab-
lished here before our Governmentwas formed,
and only modified as circumstances and the
changed condition of the Indian tribes re-
quired it.
| The Senator says that these people are roam-
j ing savages and never had title to the soil. The
Senator is a lawyer. He may not be as famil-
: iar now with the books as he once was. He
j differs very clearly, however, with Chief Justice
I Marshall on that subject.
I Mr. YATES. I will ask the Senator whether
I he thinks the United States ever paid the Indian
| the one hundredth part of what these lands
were worth?
i Mr. HAKLAN. No, sir.
Mr. YATES. Therefore you treat with a
savage and you cheat him!
Mr. HARLAN. I am not right sure that I
understand the force of the honorable Senator's
logic. Perhaps I ought to state here distinctly
what is the theory of title the Indians have
under the laws and Constitution of the United
States. It has been maintained from the begin-
ning that Christian nations had a right to the
soil occupied by other nations; that is, that they
have the reversionary right; they have the right
in fee ; they have the right to convey ; but that
right has always been held by th"courts in this
country to be subject to the original nght ot
possession on the part of the inhabitants. Also,
the right by conquest has been asserted and
maintained in this country as well as in every
