■422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
other country; and the courts hold that a title
to property by conquest cannot be disregarded
by a court; it is a good title. So in this coun-
try we have acquired title to the Indian lands
• under both of these heads, by discovery and by
conquest. When the title by discovery and by
conquest are both united—that is to say, when
we have discovered the country and have by
the sword driven the inhabitants from it—our
title is maintained by the courts to be perfect.
The Indian title is thus extinguished. It is
extinguished in the blood of the men who have
been destroyed by the conqueror. We hold a
large part of this country by that double title—
the title of the discoverer and the title of the
conqueror. But to all that par? of the country
from which the Indians have not been driven
by the sword they are admitted by the courts
to have a just right of possession.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator if he will
accept an amendment that the Indian shall be
entitled to the right of suffrage ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. HARLAN. I should prefer not to have
that amendment introduced in the middle of
my^ speech. Chief Justice Marshall, in ren-
dering the opinion of the court in the ease of
Graham's Lessee vs. William Mcintosh, made
this observation :
"In the establishment of these relations the rights
of the original inhabitants were in no instance en-
tirely disregarded, but were necessarily to a con-
siderable extent impaired. They were admitted to
be the rightful occupants of the soil with legal, as
well as a just claim to retain possession of it, and to
use it according to their own discretion."
This is the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Mr. YATES. I do not deny it; but I say
that that decision was wrong in the first in-
stance. They never owued any soil. They
were wanderers; they roved over the land;
they were savages. I do not deny what the
decisions are. I know what they are.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish the Senate to know
that the^Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, when Marshall was pre-
siding, in announcing the opinion of the court,
differed with the Senator. Again, I read from
the case of the Cherokee Nation vs. The State
of Georgia, in which the court made this obser-
vation :
" The Indians are acknowledged to have an un-
questionable aud heretofore an unquestioned risht to
the land they occupy until that right shall be extin-
guished by a voluntary cession to the Government,
it may well be doubted whether those tribes which
reside within the acknowledged boundaries of the
United btates can with strict accuracy be denom-
inated foreign nations. They may moro correctly
perhaps, be denominated domestic dependent na-
tions. Ihey occupy a territory to which we assert a
title independent of their will, which mu>t take effect
in point of possession when their right of possession
ceases; meanwhile thoy are in a state of pupilage."
Here the court declared very clearly the
policy which has always been maintained by
the people of the United States toward the
Indian tribes; that the ultimate right to the
land is in the Gnited States, but the immediate
right ot possession and use is in the Indian
tribes; that that title of possession, that right
to occupation, is absolute in the Indian tribes
until it shall have been extinguished by a treaty
or by the sword.
As to the pertinency of the observations of
the honorable Senatorto the amendmentpend-
ing, in the face of the fact that nearly one third
of ail the Indians now living in the United
btates are to a very large extent civilized, I
do not perceive how a gentleman of his humane
impulses can deny to these Sioux Indians a
cow to begin with, when they yield what they
claim to be tneir title to a vast district of coun-
tiy, their title to which the courts have held
was absolute until extinguished by a treaty or
by conquest. By this treaty their right to the
remaining territory is ceded to the United
States, and in consideration of that cession,
for the extinguishing of their right of posses-
sion to the residue of" their country, we a^ree
to give them*a cow for each family that may
be willing to settle down and begin agricultural
pursuits. I think the appropriation had better
be made.
Mr. YA1ES. I give to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs my thanks for
saying that I had humanity enough to support
a proposition to relieve these Indians. Now,
to be serious in this matter, I really do not
think it is a safe proposition to introduce into
American legislation, to make a donation of
any article to any particular class of individ-
uals. There are colored people in the city of
Washington who have been oppressed, who
have been in poverty, who have not had a fair
chance in the world. I might move to amend
this proposition so as to give them, or to give
every one without distinction of color, a cow.
We might do that. I object to it as a principle,
and I hope the Senator will not think I am des-
titute of those feelings of humanity by which
his great big heart is actuated in giving a cow
to each Indian family. I would suggest, in all
seriousness, a buffalo, because I think that is
fairer game.
I am very unfortunate in differing from Judge
Marshall and from the chairman of the com-
mittee. It is exceedingly unfortunate that I
should differ from Judge Marshall; but I do
not differ from this great fact which stands out
in American history and will be the future his-
tory of the country, that the Indian nevershouid
have been recognized as the owner of land, or !
being the owner of land, he never should have '
been cheated out of it by the Government of
the United States. If he was the ovvner of this
land, he was the owner of the most magnifi-
cent heritage that God ever gave to mortal man.
Where is it? The Senator from Iowa now has his
beautiful mansion on the spot where the hut of
the poor Indian once stood. Was he the owner
of the land ? What did you pay for it? Skins
and furs. If he was the owner of the land,
why have you not paid him for it? We have
paid him ; but the policy of the Government
was wrong. _ The Indian never owned a foot
of laud. ^ His home was on the mountains and
on the rivers and amid the winds and in the
pursuit of the buffalo. He had no title. The
Government never should liave treated him as
the proprietor of the soil.
The Senator referred me to the law. It takes
two parties according to the law to make a con-
tract. There must be two parties to an agree-
ment, and they must both be willing to con-
tract, and they must have the intelligence to
contract. Sir, we have brought these poor
Indians here, and we have given them just
what we chose, not what they chose. There
is no use of discussing the question who are
the proprietors of this soil. They were not
sensible parties to any contract that was made.
I should be willing to vote any sort of charity
to the Indians. I will unite with the Senator
in making the largest appropriations for the
Indians, but not upon his principle that they
were the owners of the soil or that we can ever
civilize or Christianize them. Upon the prin-
ciple of charity I will unite with the Senator
and go to the^ utmost extent of appropriation.
^ A Ir. COiibE iI. There was some discus-
sion on this subject in the committee, and I
was notclearin my mind that this entire appro-
pnation should be made this year for this pur-
pose. The estimate was made in the latter
part of the last session, and we took the esti-
mate as then made. It will take some little
time to purchase these cattle, and I think
perhaps a smaller number is all that can be
advantageously used this year. I would sug-
gest that we make an appropriation sufficient
to give sixty or seventy yoke of oxen, or from
fifteen to twenty yoke in each division of this
district, and three hundred cows, to commence
with. It is stated by General Harney that !
there are about eight hundred of those Indians !
whom he claims are farmers or will go to farm-
ing; but still it will take sometime to inaugu-
rate this system andput it in operation. There-
fore, I propose to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Maine by making the appro-
priation $25,000 for this year.
at""' accept that.
if1"' is the suggestion ?
Mr. COKBMT. To make the appropri-
ation  25,000. That will supply about three
hundred head of cows at say fifty dollars a
head, and about sixty or seventy yoke of oxen
at $150 a yoke.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
reducing the appropriation in the clause under
discussion from $50,000 to $25,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I observe in another
item of the amendment an appropriation of
$9S5,500for the purchase of beef, &c. I move
to amend that by making it 8000,000. I should
think that would be a sufficient appropriation
to make the first year.
Mr. HARLAN. I should be very glad to
agree with the Senator if I could ; but that
amount would probably not be sufficient. The
prime object of making this arrangement with
these Sioux Indians is to avoid the necessity
of driving them off to the plains again. We
know what a war costs where there are but a
few regiments employed. These are the In-
dians who swept down over the two lines of
railroad leading toward California. The cost
of two or three regiments on the plains would
far exceed the whole amount we propose to
appropriate here for the purpose of feeding
them and taking care of them on this reserva-
tion. The result will be, if we make an appro-
priation that is too small, that they will collect
on this reservation and remain awhile until the
supplies are exhausted, and then they will scat-
ter and commence living by plunder again.
\\ e ought to make such an appropriation as will
achieve the end we have in view. I know it
is large. It is much larger than any appro-
priation heretofore that has ever been made
for this number of Indians ; but it is being
done for the purpose of preventing these It°
dians from living as they have heretofore lived
in pursuit of the buffalo and from robbery on
the plains. That being the object we ought
to appropriate enough to achieve the end. "if
we. do not the whole appropriation will be
futile. I regret as much as any Senator on
this floor could regret to see a single dollar
expended unnecessarily ; but we all know what
the object is, and to achieve that object these
Indians will have to be provided for on this
reservation. I ought to state that the estimate
is that there will be about thirty thousand of
them when they are all collected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion ison the amendment to theamendment to
reduce the appropriation stated to $600,000.
Mr. CAT! ELL. I feel a little apprehension
about these very large amounts, it is true it
will require a very large amount of money to feed
these Indians and to take care of them. I took
the figures of the Department and made the
estimate, and it is true when you figure up the
estimate of the Department it is less than the
estimate of General Harney, and amounts to
the sum proposed in the amendment; but still
I feel an apprehension that it will be difficult
for us to obtain this large appropriation from
the other House, and I am willing to make the
amount a little less than the estimate we have
made. I think, perhaps, the Indians ought to
be able to raise something there this year if
the money is given to them promptly ; and with
a view to obtain an appropriation promptly, I
am willing to agree to an amendment some-
what reducing the amount. I will move to
amend it so as to make it $750,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that amend-
ment is hardly in order at present, as my
amendment is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I regret very much that a
colleague of mine on the committee, after we
have agreed to an amendment, should change
his own mind. I understood it to be his judg-
ment that we could not get along with less than
this amount. This amount is estimated on the
idea that there will be fifteen thousand Indians
there. The general who has been in charge
of these Indiana says there will be thirty thou-
We do not know that there will be the
thirty thousand, and we put it at the lairuinum
