1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
on the fifteen thousand. I do not tliink it ought
to be reduce.}.
Mr. COLU. I am in favor of reducing this
sain somewhat from the fact that 1 know the
Indians are much more economically taken
care of by the civil department than by the
military. It costs much more to make war on
them or to receive war at their hands than it
does to take care of them in the manner in
which they are to be taken care of if this ap-
propriation is made. It can be done so much
moie economicalI3' in that w,:y that I think a
reduced sum will be sufficient to meet the
emergency.
As an illustration of the great cost of sus-
taining a military organization against them I
will point to a little fact, lor which I have
authority frotn my own Slate. On one of onr
reservations, the Hoopa reservation, in Cali-
fornia. there is a little military camp in which
there is kept a company or two of United
States soldiers. I have good authority for
stating that to keep that little organization
there costs the Government fully $200,000 a
year, and yet they do no good. They are a
decided detriment to the Indian service at that
place. If they were removed fifty miles from
there we should be much better off in that
State.
T hope that a considerable sum will be appro-
piiated to keep the peace with the Indians and
to feed and clothe them so far as they really
need it, and that- we shall by such an appro-
priation avoid the necessity, which will other-
wise come upon us in the form ot an estimate
for military services, to put them down by force.
I therefore am in favor of having this appro-
priation reduced. I would reduce it somewhat
lower than the motion of the Senator from
Oregon. I think that is a very large sum, for
I know that the Indians can be taken care of
very much cheaper by the civil service than by
using force against them. I will, however, if
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions acquiesces in it, sustain by my vote the
sum specified by the Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
proposed bythe Senator frotn .Maiaeas modified
on the suggestion of the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us continue with
this bill until four o'clock.
Mr. If ARLAN. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will let us proceed with these amend-
ments.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. We shall get through
with the amendments by that time, I hope.
Mr. WARNER and others. Oh, no ; you
eannot.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Let us go on and try
it. at any rate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Alabama insist on his motion ?
Mr. W ARNER. I do.
The VIC 15 PRESIDENT. Thc-n the ques-
tion is on that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Iowa, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HAIILAX. The next amendment which
I am instructed to offer will come in on page 62.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. You had better not
change that. That is calculated on the same
Drineiple as the others.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, I withdraw that
amendment. The next one will come in on
page 08, alter line sixteen hundred and fifty-
three. 'This is to carry out the provisions of
another one, and the last one, of these new
treaties:
Tabequache, Muache, t'.ipotev "Weeminuehe,
yuuiija, Grand River, and Uintuh bands 01
Utos:
For construction of a warehouse or store-room at
each of the agencies, for the use of the agent in stor-
ing goods belonging to the Indians, $1,500 each, per
fourth ai tide treaty March 2, 1868, 83,000.
i'or erecting an agency building lor the residence
of the agent at each of the agencies, 31,500 e<teh, per
fourth article treaty March 2, 18t>S, $8,000.
For the construction of two school-houses, a? per
fourth article treaty of March 2,1805, §0,000.
.For construction of four buildings tor cuiponter,
farmer, blacksmith, and miller, at each of the agen-
cies, J].500 each, per fourth article treaty March 2,
1808, $12,000.
i'or the crcetion on said reservation near each
agency a good water-power saw-mill, wi'li ^ri^t-miil
and a^hingle-ui.ichine attached, as per fourth article
trea ty of March 2, 1868, i?16,0j0, or so much thereof as
mav be nece^ary.
For pay ot two carpenters two millers, two farmers,
and one blnckMiii! h. per fourth andfifLeeiuh articles
treaty M.ucb, 2, j ST.000.
For purchase ot iron and steel and tho necessary
toob for the black smith shop, pei ninth. aitiele tieaty
*\Iaieh 2, 1SCS. 6220.
For lir.^t ot thirty installments, to be expended
utider the dhectiori of the Secretary of the Interior,
for clothes, blankets, and such other articles as be
may thinkproper and necessary,per eleventh article
treaty March 2,1868, S'30,000.
F'or annual amount to be expended under the direc-
tion of the iSeeietary of the Interior in supplying
said Indians with beef, mutton, wheat, flour, beans,
and potatoes, until such time as said Indians shall
be found to be capable of sustaining themselves, per
twelfth article treaty March 2, 186S, $30,000.
For this amount, to bo expended under tho direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Intciior m providing
each lodge or head of a family in said contoderated
hand.switb onegi ntle American cow, as distinguished
from tho ordinary Mexican or Texas breed, and five
head ot sheep, per thirteenth article treaty Marcn
2, 186S, ilo.OOO.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that the clause in relation to the " pay of
two caipenleis, two millers, two farmers, and
one blacksmith," should be $-3,2u0, according
to the piinciple we have adopted, instead of
$7,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I agree to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I will inquire of the
honorable Senator whether the treaty provides
that the cows to be furnished shall be ''gentle'?"
I see that one clause of this amendment pro-
vides for furnishing each lodge or head of a
family with a "gentle American cow." I
should not like to bind the Government to do
that in all cases. It might be difficult.
Mr. HARLAX. My friend here from the
Department is looking up the phraseology of
the treaty; but the object of it was to prevent
any person who might take a contract to fur-
nish these cows from going down into Texas
and buying that kind of cattle.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Will not an " Ameri-
can cow '' answer'.'
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it would, though
the Texas cattle might be American. I hardly
know how the phrase is different from this,
though that phraseology is understood in my
part of the country.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I only made the sug-
gestion ; I make no motion about it. I move
to strike down the amount in that item iiom
$45,000 to $20,000.
Mr. HARLAX. I should like to be in-
formed of the Senator's reasons for making
that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I'do it on the same
reason that I moved to reduce the appropria-
tion in the other amendment from $50,000 to
$20,000. 1 believe half this amount will be
about enough to begin with.
Mr. ITARLAX. These are, perhaps, more
hopeful Indians than the Sioux.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Then it will turn out
so much the better, I hope.
Mr. HARLAX. I think that had better not
be done.
Mr. YATES. I hope the amendment, of the
Senator from Maine will not prevail, ll we
go into this business we ought to goinio it on
a liberal scale.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I submit the motion
to make the amount 325,000, the same as m
the other case.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the^question
on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt it. There is
no reason, having made the reduction in the-
other case, why we should not do it in this."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator demand a division?
_ Mr. FESSEXDEN. No, sir ; let the ques- •'
tion be put again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
again state it. The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment, to reduce the amount
to $-25,000. [Putting the question.] The Chair
thinks the noes have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not divide the
Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is rejected. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee have in-
structed me to move an amendment on page
68, line sixteen hundred aud sixty-two, by
striking out "fifty" and inserting "seventy,"
so as to make the appropriation $70,000. This -
is the appropriation for the Indians in Ari-
zona. There are about thirty-five thousand
Indians in that Territory. We have no treaties
with any of them. I do not think that a less
sum than two dollars apiece will enable the
department to get along with them and control
them and induce some of them to engage in
agricultural pursuits. if we do not make a
reasonable appropriation to provide for them
the result will be, of course, that after a pro-
tracted war some kind of a treaty will be mado
with them and they will secure larger sums of
money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to rais-
ing any of those sums.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 give notice that I will
try that again in the Senate when the Senate
is fuller.
The committee instruct me to move on the
next page, page 09, line sixteen hundred and
eighty-nine, to strike out ''fifteen" and insert
" twenty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is best to
agree with the House on those propositions
aud make as few points of difference as we can.
The VICE PRESiDKX F. This amendment
is in regard to the general incidental expenses
of the Indian service in Idaho Territory. The
Senator from Iowa moves to increase the ap-
propriation from $15,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAR LAX. On page 70, line seventeen
hundred and seventeen, I move to strike out
'•forty" and insert "fifty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the ap-
propriation for the general incidental expenses
of the Indian service in New Mexico. The
Senator from Iowa moves to increase it from
$40,000 to $50,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seventeen hundred
and thirty-two, in the clause for general inci-
dental expenses in Utah Territory^ I move to
strike out "fifteen" and insert "twenty," so
as to make the appropriation $20,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. Inline seventeen Itnndred
and forty-nine I move to strike out " eleven '
aud insert fifteen "
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fioin Iowa moves to amend the paragraph in
regard to the expenses of colonizing, support-
ing, and furnishing agricultural implements.
and stock, &c., for Indians lately residing in.
Texas but now residing on the Choctaw lease-
hold, bv raising the appropriation froul $11,000
to $15,000.
The amendment w"as rejected.
Mr. HARLAN". In Hue seventeen hundred
and iifiy-six I move to strike ou£ i* $15,000,
and to insert ';$377800; so as to make the
clause read:
Tor the Wichita? and other affiliated bauds :
T?or the expenses of coioGizin£  supporting, and fur-*
niehing: sa-id bands with agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchase of clotii-
