426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
State of Mississippi, reported from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER Upon this subject the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ward] is entitled
to t tie floor.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, the extraordi-
nary opposition this bill has met from gentle-
men on both sides of this House, the convic-
tion I have that the bill is a just and proper
bill, one which ought to be passed, and the
desire I have to present briefly my views to
the House, will furnish the only apology I have
to make for occupying the valuable time of the
House on this occasion. As one of the com-
mittee that reported this bill I feel it my duty
to submit these observations to the House at
this time.
Mr. Speaker, I confess to some surprise at
tlie opposition to this bill, considering the
quarter from whence it comes. If you will
look into this measure you will find that it con-
- tains nothing monstrous, nothing wrong, noth-
ing outrageous, as the vehemence of gentle-
men might lead us to believe. It is simply a
bill in the interest of civil government, in the
interest of law, and of order, and of restora-
tion. It is a measure necessary to complete
the reconstruction of a State that now has no
practical and harmonious relations with the
Government of the United States. It is a bill
to hand the government of that State over to
the people of the State, and to reestablish civil
government within its borders, and to do away
with the military government which is now
controlling the State.
The first gentleman who spoke in opposition
to this bill was my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beuk.] The next gentleman,
I believe, who spoke in opposition to this bill,
was another colleague on that, committee, the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] I
confess to some surprise that those gentle-
men should oppose the bill. I had always un-
derstood, from their declarations in the two
preceding Congresses, and from the position
they had taken so far, that they were opposed
to the extension of military power; that they
were opposed to keeping the unreconstructed
States under military control. I had under-
stood that it was a party dogma that they would
not, consent to our reconstruction theories for
the reason, as they contended, those recon-
struction theories turned the governments of
those Statesfor the time being over to military
control.
But now, when a bill comes from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and is submitted to
the House, proposing to complete the work of
reconstruction and to restore the government
of the State of Mississippi to the people of
that State, and to bring back that people into
harmonious relations with the Federal Govern-
ment, where are the gentlemen who pictured
to us so thrillingly the horrors of military rule?
Where are the silver-tongued orators who con-
jured up to us in these Halls those frightful
pictures of the result of military despotism'/
'i'hey are silent upon that subject, but we find
them opposing this bill, which proposes to take
the State out from under military control.
Now, I apprehend that their opposition to
this bill has another significance, and springs
outof the fact that the resultof its passage will
be to transfer the government of the State of
Mississippi from the military arm to the loyal
people of that State. I have ever found those
gentlemen consistent in this, that they have
persistently opposed everything which tended
to the restoration of the southern States upon
a loyal basis, everything which tended to give
the control of the governments of those States
to the people of those States. I say they have
consistently opposed every measure and every
scheme which tended to that result, and they
have persistently favored every scheme which
proposed to hand over the governments of those
States to the rebel element therein; to those
who created the rebellion, who brought upon
us all the e-vils which the war produced, who
kave bur kid tolf   jjijiljott of our people in
bloody graves, and have imposed upon us a
debt of $3,000,000,000.
I explain their opposition to this bill, there-
fore, upon that principle, and that principle
only, because unless it can be explained upon
that principle they are now wholly inconsistent
with all the professions which they have here-
tofore made of being desirous to reconstruct
those States as soon as possible in order to
relieve the people of those States from all
military control.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WARD. I will yield for a question.
Mr. MARSHALL, 1 wish to correct the
gentleman.
Mr. WARD. I am willing to yield for a
question ; but I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. MARSHALL. The remark I desire to
make is not exactly in the form of a question.
The gentleman is entirely misrepresenting the
position of gentlemen on this side of the House.
Our reason for opposing this bill is not that we
wish to leave any people in the hands of the
military power. We prefer, however, that this
unfortunate people should be left in the hands
of the military power under the control of the
President of the United States rather than that
they should be handed over to the tender mer-
cies of a set of robbers who are the representa-
tives of no people, who are trying to fasten
themselves upon a people, to prey upon them
from this time forward without remedy or re-
dress. We prefer to leave these people in the
hands of the military even under an unconsti-
tutional law to transferring them to a set of
men who are not representatives of anybody,
and who only seek to prey upon an unfortunate
people.
Mr. WARD. I think my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] has stated his position ;
and I desire to proceed.
But we have other opposition to this meas-
ure ; and I confess, sir, that it comes from an
unexpected source. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who is a veteran in
the cause of reconstruction, and for whose
opinions I have very high respect, has entered
a motion to postpone this measure until next
winter. The gentleman from Massachusetts,'
[Mr. Dawes,] the " father of the House,'' and
for whom we all feel due respect and reverence,
has taken a similar position. I must say (for
I am a frank man) that I was not particularly
surprised at the position taken by the gentle-
man from Illinois and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, because I have observed their
growing conservative tendency. But when
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] arose
in his place and advocated the same doctrine,
I felt ready to exclaim, as did one of old in
great peril, "And thou, too, Brutus?" I
cannot exactly account for that gentleman's
position.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having said thus much
about the opposition to the measure, I desire
to refer briefly to the measure itself. Before
referring, as I propose to do, to the character
of the measure which has been reported by
the Reconstruction Committee, I desire to go
a little into the history of this State of Mis-
sissippi. We know that eight years ago this
State, under the lead of its gifted and traitorous
son, Jefferson Davis, disconnected itself so
far as it could from the Federal Government
and entered into the rebellion. Four years of
bloody war ensued, and at the end of that time
the rebellion was overthrown. Four years of
troublous peace have followed, and yet the State
is without lepresentation in the councils of the
nation. For eight years no voice from Missis-
sippi has spoken in either Hall of Congress.
This was caused during four years by the rebel-
lious and warlike position of the State itself.
During the remaining four years thin want ofj
representation has been the result of various
causes for which the Union people of the coun-
try are not responsible, but the rebels of Mis-
sissippi are.
The attempt was made to enforce the recon-
struction acts, so called, in the State of Mis-
sissippi. A constitution was framed in pur-
suance of the reconstruction acts, and was
submitted to the people. At the election held
in June, 1868, 63,860 persons, as appears from
the certificate or statement of the command-
ing general, voted against the constitution ;
56,231 voted for it. Thirty-three thousand and
eighty of the registered voters did not vole. I
desire to submit to the House in this connec-
tion a statement which was made by the Re-
publican convention which after the vote upon
the constitution assembled at the capital of the
State on the 25th day of November, 1868. My
object in calling attention to this statement is
to show the state of things that existed during
the election, and as in some measure an expla-
nation of its result. I ask the Clerk to read
the passage I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" From the 15th day of May, 1808, the date on
which the constitution framed by the constitutional
convention of Mississippi, in accordance with the
reconstruction acts of Congress, was submitted to the
people, to the 22d of June, thedate on which the
election for its ratification or iejection was author-
ized to be held, there existed throughout a greater
part of the State a reign of terror. Loyal and peace-
able citizens were driven from their homes, threat-
ened with violence and death. I'ublie speakers, by
threats and intimidations, were prevented from
meeting their appointments, or were driven fr un the
stand by lawless mobs. All organization of armed and
disguised men, calling itself a Kuklux IClan, per-
ambulated the country by night, committing out-
rages and murders, defyingdctection, or beingaided
and abetted by officers of the law, who made no effort
to bring them to punishment. The poor, dependent
classes of our loyal fellow-citizens were threatened
with starvation, with discharge from service, with
violence and death, if they failed to vote in accord-
ance with the dictates of their disloyal employers,
said employers habitually denouncing the Congress
of the United States as au unconstitutional and rev-
olutionary body of men that oughtto be dispersed by
force or otherwise.
" By bribes, threats, misrepresentation, fraud, and
violence thousands of our tellow-citizens were co-
erced into voting against, theirwill ond a;;ainsf then-
honest convictions cf right and duty, or were forced
to withhold their votes altogether. Many have been
murdered; and disfranchised people, who had for-
feited all their just rights ns citizens by conspiring
by armed force to throw off their allegiance to the
Government of the United States, stood guard at the
polls to overawe the umid and mark for future con-
demnation and persecution all those who defied their
tyranny.
Mr. WARD. That, sir, is a picture, and I
apprehend a correct one, of the state of tilings
that existed in that terror-stricken, distracted
State during the election. Notwithstanding
all that, however, there were cast for the con-
stitution about fifty-six thousand votes, within
seven thousand of a majority. It was desired
by the loyal people of the State that Congress
should declare—it having been shown, as they
contended, beyond a doubt that there were
such outrages perpetrated upon the Union
men ; that such frauds and terrorism prevailed—
that in several counties the vote should be
rejected altogether; and if they should be re-
jected there would be a fair, honest majority
for the constitution. It was contended that the
constitution should be regarded as accepted by
the people and the officers elected at the same
election should he acknowledged as properly
chosen. The subject came before the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction of the last, Congress,
and they took considerable evidence upon it.
Now, sir, every rebel, every guerrilla, every
murderer, every thief, every vagabond almost
in that entire State opposed the adoption of
the constitution. Why? Because it contained
this principle: that no man who had once taken
an'oath to support the Federal Constitution
and then had entered into rebellion should hold
office or vote. It contained a further provision
that no man who had participated in the rebel-
lion and who had upheld it should hold office,
except those who had been privates in the
rebel army, and those who aided in the work of
reconstruction. These disfranchisements shut
out the leading rebels of Mississippi and kept
them from the flesh-pots. What, then, did they
do? They combined, and by fraud and terror-
ism effected the defeat of the constitution by
a small majority.
Now, what shall we do? In the first place,
let us know what is the character of the people
of Mississippi, Mississippi, unlike Texas and
