1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
raent of such registrars as are necessary aad
the revision of the voting lists.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Bcti.ek, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 rise to a question of
order. It is this: under the rules of the House
no member who has spoken upon a bill shall
be entitled to the floor again until others desir-
ing to speak shall have been heard, and when
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
took his seat I addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts spoke on the bill as originally intro-
duced. Since then a substitute for the bill has
been offered by the geutleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Faiixs worth,] and a motion is pending
to postpone the entire subject until the first
Monday in December next, which presents a
different phase of the question. The Chair
understands the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who has charge of the bill, to rise for the pur-
pose of calling the previous question upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do,
after yielding to some gentlemen.
Mr. MAYNTARt). This is a subject of great
importatice to the section of the country which
I in part represent, and I desire to be heard.
The SPEAKER. Should the previous ques-
tion not be sustained the Chair will gladly
recognize the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire to yield fifteen minutes to the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Whittemoiie.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
mand the previous question?
Mr. BU L'LER, of Massachusetts. I will at
the end of this hour call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose to take an hour now and
then to demand the previous question, and after
that to take the hour to which he is entitled
under the rules?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to speak at all as at present advised.
Mr. BliOUKS. The gentleman must keep
his place or resign it. 1 object to his farming
out the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman proposes
to occupy an hour now and then to demand the
previous question, the Chairis bound to admon-
ish him that that would not be just to those
who have not spoken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
going to speak one minute after the previous
question lias been seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the gentleman from Massachusetts to farm
out the floor; but if he rises, as he has charge
of the bill, to demand the previous question
the Chair will recognize him. He cannot take
an hour now and farm it out and then demand
the previous question and take another hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
■wish to cut off the members of the committee
from being heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I shall
occupy but. a portion of my time, and will yield
the remainder to the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Wuittemore] and my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
I have abstained for a year or two from ask-
ing the attention of the House to thegeneralsub-
jectof reconstruction. Previously and before
the close of the rebellion Igave my views prob-
ably quite as often as the House desired to
hear them. I have listened to this debate with
interest and pain. More than once I have noticed
what 1 regarded as a great mistake on the part
of the friends of the Government from the be-
ginning of the war until long after its close.
It would seem that it has not been rectified.
The mistake 1 refer to was in not recognizing
the fact, and acting upon it, that in the southern
Slates, all of them, there was an element ot
friendship to the Government and hostility to
the rebellion. Instead of a policy which con-
fided in our friends and took care of our ene-
mies, we adopted a policy which sought to court
andconciliateourenemies, and leaveourfriends
to take care of themselves as best they could.
How that policy operated during thewarunder
the control of many men intrusted with high
command those of us who lived there at that
time perfectly understand. The same policy
that so much troubled and distressed the Union
men of the South during the war has prevailed
largely during the process of reconstruction,
and still prevails, and has been developed in the
course ot this debate.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] gives us an address, in which he tells
us substantially that unless we have the coop-
eration of the rebel element of the South we
can work no valid reconstruction there, and
that he is as much in favor of the cause of the
oppressed and downtrodden rebels of Missis-
sippi as he tells us he was in favor, I know
not how many years ago, of the cause of the
oppressed and downtrodden slaves of the
South. He seems to suppose they are in the
same category of suffering and hardship. On
the other hand my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] supposes they are all alike bad
who live in that region, and proposes to remit
them to military control and leave them there
for an indefinite period. He says he would no
more trust them with the election of their
officers than he would trust the convicts of the
penitentiary at Charlestown, in liig own State,
with the privilege of electing their own warden.
I refer to these two gentlemen because they
are old members of the House, who have
served with me since the beginning of my term,
and I know no two gentlemen kinder hearted
or more fair minded, yet the position they as-
sume in reference to the Union men of Mis-
sissippi is grossly, glaringly unjust; uncon-
sciously and unintentionally so, lam aware. I
have said more than once on previous occa-
sions that the policy of the Government, in
respect to matters in that part of the country,
should be to make a distinction between its
friends and its enemies—a distinction to the
advantage of its friends and not to the advan-
tage of its enemies. What has been the expe-
rience of persons resident in the South during
and since the war? How many know, to their
sorrow, thatit is oftentimes much easier, much
better, much safer, much more advantageous
to have been a rebel than to have been loyal to
the Government? How often is the traitor
honored, adorned it may be, with official dis-
tinction, while the truly loyal are despised?
Mr. Speaker, such a result ought not to be.
and if we allow this to become general we
shall commit something worse than a mistake,
we shall be guilty of a great political crime.
We have been told correctly that all govern-
ments derive their just authority from the con-
sent of the governed. That is an aphorism of
the Declaration of Independence, and states a
political principle. The consent of the gov-
erned was given in our ease when the Govern-
ment was first formed, and it is a total misap-
plication of the principle to hold that the con-
sent thus given may "be revoked at pleasure by
suci part of the governed as may become dis-
satisfied. That is anarchy. So far as gov-
ernments are in existence to-day in the several
States of the Union under the Constitution,
the principle is limited to this extent: the gov-
erned must consent to a republican form of
government, and unless they do it is the duty
of the United States to give it to them, to
see that they live under it, and to use such
means as are necessary to that result. That
is to say, each State must have a govern-
ment carried on by representatives elected by
those, more or less, who represent the great,
body'of the community at the ballot-box. That
is a republican government, and under such
governments must the States in this Unionlive.
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that in reestablishing
governments iu the southern States the only
safe, the only practical and reliable method is
to build upon what Mr. Lincoln called the
sound material—to build them by the coopera-
tion of our friends, our well-known Union
friends. To expect men who plotted the de-
struction of the Government for a generation,
men who occupied seats in this House year
after year while conspiring the overthrow of
our free institutions—to suppose that they are
going to reestablish loyal governments in those
States, is to suppose what will never happen.
We owe it to ourselves, and not merely as a
matter of policy, but to ourfriends in the South
as a matter of justice and right, to see that they
are protected by the governments under which
they are required to live. To do that we must
put the governments into their hands. We
must give them the creation and control of
them. To compel those people to live under
governments formed and administered by men
who despise them and hate them because of
their devotion to the Government is to treat
them with an iujustice which this Government
cannot afford, even if inclined.
I now pass from these general remarks to
the bill before the House. It is simple in its
provisions. Tinder the reconstruction act of
1867 the people of the State of Mississippi
called a convention—not a convention assem-
bled in the ordinary way. merely to revi. e an
existing constitution and then submit their
work to the people, like that to which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] re-
ferred—a convention called to do a particular
thing and nothing else. It might well be, when
they had done that thing, that they eould not
perpetuate their own existence by action of
their own. This was a convention contem-
plated by the fifth section of the reconstruction
act of 1867. It is there provided—
" That when the people of any ono of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of tlie
United States in alt respects, framed by a conven-
tion of delegates elected by the male citizens of said
State twenty-one years old and upward," * *
* * " and when sucti constitution shall provide
that the elective franchise sh.ill be enjoyed by all
such persons as have the qualifications herein stated
for electorsof delegates," * * * * "and
when such constitution shall have been submitted
to Congress for examination and approval and Con-
gress shall have approved the same, and when said
State, by a vote ot its Legislature, clectod undersaid
constitution, shall have adopted the amendment, to
the Constitution of the United States proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress and known as article
fourteen, and when said article shall have become
a part of the Constitution of the United States, said
State shall be declared entitled to representation in
Congress."
The purpose for which the convention was
called under the reconstruction act was not to
present a constitution merely. It was called
for the purpose of reorganizing civil govern-
| ment iu the State of Mississippi. If one con-
i stitution as framed proved unsatisfactory, then
; they might modify it. If it failed to receive a
i majority of the votes they might submit it again
I with or without modification, and so on until
! they had accomplished the work to which thejr
• were called, to-wit: the reestablishment of
civil government in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Tennessee upon what he
founds the assertion which he makes that this
convention was endowed with this eternity of
existence so that it might act on and act ever?
I had supposed that it was raised for the pur-
pose of presenting a constitution, and when
that was done the work of the convention was
done. I remember nothing in the act which
authorized a different conclusion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was attempting to state,
when interrupted, that the reconstruction act
of 1867 contemplated a convention with broader
powers, of wider extent than merely to submit
a form of constitution to the people for their
action. It contemplated the organization of
civil government, not an eternity of exist-
ence " as the gentleman says, and when civil
government was organized and reestablished,
then and not tilt then did the functions of the
body cease. The convention assembled. Their
work was submitted to the people, and accord-
ing to the report of the military commander
it failed to receive a majority of the votes cast
on the question of its ratification or rejection.
It is alleged that the election was unfair.
