480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will suggest to the
gentleman that he has neglected to answer my
question. Upon what does he found his asser-
tion that this convention, was endowed with such
extraordinary powers? Wherein does it differ
from other conventions authorized by the peo-
ple to do a particular thing; and when that
particular thing has been done, wherein does
it get that power to do what no other conven-
tion was ever authorized by the people to do
when elected for a particular purpose?
Mr. MAYNARD. I didnot intend to evade,
nor was I conscious that I had evaded the gen-
tleman's question. I derive ray conclusion as
to the character of this convention from what
I attempted to show was the just construction
of the original reconstruction act of 1867. The
language of the supplemental act is unequivo-
cal, "a convention for the purpose of estab-
lishing a constitution and civil government for
such State loyal to the Union." But this ques-
tion is collateral to the present debate, and I
cannot turn aside to consider it at any iength.
My attention is attracted to other points.
I was about to observe when interrupted that
I thought the election was unfair. The action
of the convention had not been ratified cer-
tainly, nor had it been honestly rejected. I
fully concur with the gentleman who has just
addressed the House, [Mn Ward,] that it was
in the power of the convention, its inherent
organic function, to reassemble when its pre-
vious work had failed. But this bill, as Iunder-
staud it, contemplates more. The reassembling
of the convention and the filling of vacancies
which have occured in it are incidental to the
principal thing contemplated by the bill, which
is to enable the loyal men, the Union men in
Mississippi, to select a provisional governor
and other officers, so as to have some sort of
protection from the civil law.
I need not say that no military commander,
however well iritentioned, however honest and
sincere in his purpose, can by any means at
his command preserve the peace and give that
sort of protection to people situated as they
are to which they are justly entitled, and which
would be given by the civil law administered
by willing and friendly authority by men of
their own choice.
This bill provides that the convention shall
be reassembled, that vacancies shall be filled,
and it shall then proceed to appoint a provis-
ional governor, who shall exercise under the
general direction of the President of the United
States the office of Governor until such time
as civil government shall be fully restored and
the State reconstructed. It also provides that
the military there shall be insubordination and
auxiliary to the civil authority. It provides
that this shall be done now, at once. I shall
not stop to argue the propriety and the justice
of enabling the loyal people of the State of
Mississippi to protect themselves. That is one
of those propositions so clear one way or the
oilier that no argument will make it any clearer
than the mere statement of it. This bill under-
takes to do that; I think it does do it. In the
opinion of eminent gentlemen of Mississippi
entitled to our respect and confidence, it will
have that effect.
But we are met by my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] with the constitutional
objection that this is a mode of appointing
officers not recoguized by the Constitution,
which contemplates that they shall be appoiuted
by the President, the heads of Departments, or
the courts. It strikes me that this objection,
if it has any validity, comes too late. We
have by our reconstruction laws already pro-
vided for the organization of a convention and
for the necessary officers to secure the rees-
tablishment of civil government in the State
of Mississippi. That is the substantive thing
we are doing. These are our agents for that
work. They are not officers of the United
States within the meaning of the Constitution
of the United States. They are instruments
provided by an act of Congress for erecting
and guarantying a republican form of govern-
ment to that State. If we can authorize the
people to elect members to a convention for
that purpose, we can authorize the convention
to appoint officers as provided for in this bill
just as we can authorize them to elect a speaker
or clerk, or any other officer. Such func-
tionaries do not come within the denomination
of either inferior or superior officers as de-
scribed in the Constitution of the United States.
This power inheres in the policy we have
adopted in our reconstruction acts. It is a
necessary part of it. If that policy be sound,
as I think it is, and my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will concur in that opin-
ion, then this provision of the bill is equally
sound and constitutional.
But my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says let us wait; do not let us act yet;
let us not be in a hurry ; but let the people
there wait and remain under military authority.
I am glad his more fortunate position has not.
required him to know and feel what it is to wait
in those States. Iio does not know what wait-
ing means. It means robbery, plunder, mur-
der, and all manner of violence without protec-
tion or possibility of redress. All those things
are implied in waiting, and I appeal to him and
to the House not to compel the loyal people
thereto waitlonger, but to give them provision-
ally and for the time the control of their State
governments, and with it the means of self-
protection.
Having done that we can say to the disloyal
element there "If you can afford to wait so can
we." We give them a strong inducement to
come forward and join us in the work of reor-
ganizing civil government—a powerful incen-
tive. This bill corrects, too, a mistake in our
reconstruction act of 1867, in that we did not
require the conventions to appoint provisional
governors to take charge of affairs until the
work of reconstruction was perfected and civil
government reestablished.
But my friend from Illinois [Mr. Faiots-
worth] presents the matter in a different way.
He says, in substance, " Let us take out of this
conslitution the objectionable parts and sub-
mit them separately to the people ; let action
be taken on them, and let the rest of the work
stand." - The meaning of that is this: we will
give the rebels an opportunity to vote down
everything in the constitution distasteful to
them and let them come in with such provis-
ions as they have no objection to. I am in
favor of no such proceeding.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman does
not state the case fairly. Undoubtedly he does
not understand it. 1 presume he intends to
state it fairly. My substitute simply provides
th'at two sections of that constitution shall be
submitted to the people separately. If those
two sections are voted out the constitution of
Mississippi will be left precisely as the consti-
tution of South Carolina, North Carolina,
Florida, and several other States. It gives the
people the permission to vote for or against
those sections. Ought they not to have that
right?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not misunder-
stood the gentleman's bill; and if I have mis-
stated it it is because I have failed to interpret
his proposition as he interprets it himself^ It
is a difference of understanding as to the prac-
tical effect of the proposition, and not a differ-
ence as to the proposition itself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill only sub-
mits two sections to the people ; and I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee whether he is un-
willing to give the voters of Mississippi an
opportunity to say whether they do or do not
want those provisions in their constitution ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will state my objection
to his plan as I understand it. I object to his
submitting any proposition to the voters of
Mississippi or to this House doing it. I pro-
pose that our friends in Mississippi shall do
that; that they shall submit such propositions
as in their estimation it is proper and right to
submit. They understand much better than
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth]
and myself what they want, and what they deem
right and wise for the government of their
State. I am for letting them reorganize and
reconstruct the government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ They have tried
their hands on a constitution, and the people
voted them down. Now, is it not well for
Congress to see if they cannot repair the job?
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a difference of
opinion as to the fact of the people voting
down their work and the circumstances under
which it was done. But suppose it was the
fact that their work was voted down, I propose
to let them try their hand over again, to let the
Union men, the loyal men of Mississippi, have
this work of reconstruction in their own con-
trol, whether, as the late President said, they
are five hundred or five thousand, fifty thou-
sand or five hundred thousand. I would let
them do the work and protect them while doing
it. It is in that way we give them the assur-
ance of our support and the protection of civil
government.
I have suggested the reason why this work
should be done now; it is, that in the present
condition of affairs that portion of our people
are not protected neither in Mississippi nor in
Texas. In Virginia the condition of things is
better. In Georgia the people are not pro-
tected. A very high officer of that State told
me last evening that unless Congress took some
action and interposed for the relief of the Union
men in Georgia every prominent Union man
in that State would be compelled to leave, as
he could not remain there in safety. In Mis-
sissippi it is little, if any, better.
Mr. DAWKS. I would like to ask my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] ifhedoesnot
think the military is just the best means to put
a stop to that condition of things?
Mr. MAYNARD. The military in aid of
the civil power. In my own State, for example,
there are certain localities where the civil au-
thority alone is powerless to preserve order,
and we have accordingly provided a small mili-
tary force of a few hundred nientq aid the civil
authority, and the result is that perfect peace
is kept there. And so it would be in these
other States.
But if we were to send a stranger there, a
colonel or general with a military force alone,
without any support from the civil authority
there, practical experience has shown that the
protection so afforded is very limited and often-
times none at all. The territory is too large
aud the military force too small to maintain
the peace aud protect the citizens.
I fear gentlemen misapprehend the condi-
tion of things. This snake, let me tell them,
is scotched, not killed. I venture to say that
if instead of the gentleman now in the White
as President his opponent had been elected,
and if that opponent had in either House of
Congress something more than one third of
the members upon whose support he could
rely, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] could not have walked from his board-
ing-house to the Capitol with safety to his
person.
It is utterly in vain to ignore facts that are
facts. It is idle to wish things to be which are
not. We must accept facts as they are, and
public feeling as it is and for what it is. I trust
the House will not postpone action upon the
bill now before us in relation to the Slate of
Mississippi, or upon the bill in relation to
Georgia when it shall be presented to us, but
that they will act promptly, decidedly, firmly,
and unmistakably, and yet in a spirit of wisdom
and forbearance. I wish no injustice, no cru-
elty, no harshness, no.hing but protection to
this portion of our fellow-citizens, who deserve
such protection if there are any people on this
planet who do deserve it.
I now yield fifteen minutes of my time to
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittemore.]
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, I am
opposed to the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] or a
postponement of the question of further legis-
lation upon the wants of Mississippi until the
next session of Congress. I am, sir, in favor
