U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
seeking to defame rather than commend, have
seen fit to malign and suspeet.
The head and front of their offense was and
is their steadfastness to the flag of their coun-
try and the cause of a proper, practical recon-
struction ; not on the basis of disloyal sentiment
or hopes—notasthe devoted secessionist would
dictate; not as Andrew Johnson desired, but
as the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States, in Congress assembled,
' had declared. They did their duty well, Gen-
eral Gillem's garbled statements to the contrary
notwithstanding. There are those upon this
floor who know and can speak of the high
character of members of the Mississippi con-
vention, and I would sooner believe the word
of the patriot ^constructionists than the sworn
testimony of the apostate Johnson's general.
It is said they do not represent the South. That
they do not represent the old South I am free
to admit; and I am unwilling to believe that the
nation asks to have the spirits of the past with
their errors deep and damning returned to
these Halls, to breathe out threatening and
slaughter, and shake the fist of defiance at the
immortal doctrines of liberty:
" Grow rusty the sword high treason unsheathe-l,
The contests we're waging are peaceful to-day ;
Bed was the harvest rebellion bequeathed,
Hard was the toil, and bitter the pay."
The day of the bludgeon, challenge, and blus-
ter has passed. A change has come over the
spirit and form of our country. Slavery, our
besetting sin, has been banished forever with
its whips, stocks, paddles, auction-blocks, hal-
ters, and proscriptions. The arrogant masters,
the self-constituted aristocrats, have been lost
among the results of a mighty revolution of
creeds and usages. Four millions of chattels
have been transformed to citizens who, with
the ballot in their possession, forget the three-
fifths rule of the past, and, by the authority of
the Omnipotent and the Fortieth Congress,
assert their manhood in spite of the fossils who
would hold fast only such ideas as their fathers
conceived and declared.
It is the new South that must be fostered and
represented now. " Old things have passed
away; and, behold! all things have become
new ! " The old construction of things is not
what we want. I had rather be regarded as
the Representative of the poor, honest, faithful,
uncompromising friend to my country, though
his face were black as night, though he had
not a foot of land in his own name, than to be
sent here as the acknowledged mouth-piece of
the enemy of ray country, though his face were
fairer than the fairest woman, his wisdom
mightier than a Solomon's, his wealth more
princely than a Croesus. Thank God, Mason
and Dixon's line has been forever obliterated.
Now we have a common country, and the
freat anxiety of all loyal hearts is, "The
Jnion, now and forever, one and inseparable."
I do not wonder, however, at the doctrine
of som« who hurl anathemas at the noble men
who have thus far brought the State of Missis-
sippi out of confusion. 1 must believe the gen-
tleman from i\'evv York, who does not fully
understand or appreciate the object of recon-
struction, "whether it was intended for vin-
dictive purposes or the perpetuation of party
power," has not altogether forgotten his alli-
ance with disunionists, nor been converted from
the faith which he had on the 6th of January,
1861, when he meditated a grand stroke of
policy, equal to the most presumptive of the
hour. As his proclamation to the metropolis
over which he wielded so potent a sway has
passed into the history of our country I will
by permission read that proclamation:
"It would seem that a dissolution of the Federal
Union is inevitable. Mueh, no doubt, can be saidin
iavor of the justice and policy of a separation. It
laay be said that secession or revolution in any of the
United States would be subversive of all Federal
authoiity, and, so lar as the central Government is
concerned, tile resolving of the community into its
original elements, that if part of the States form
new combinations and governments other States
may do the sumo. Ca ifornia and her sister States
of the Pacific will, no doubt, sot up an independent
republic and husband thoir own rich mineral re-
sources. The western States, equally rich in cereals
and other agricultural products, will probablydo the
same. Then, it may be said, why should not New
York city, instead of supporting by her contributions
in revenue two thirds of the expense of the United
States, become equally independent as a free city?
With but nominal duty on imports, her local govern-
ment could be supported without taxation upon her
people. Thus we could live free from taxes, and have
cheap goods, nearly dutyfree. In this we would have
the whole support of the southern States. When dis-
union becomes aiixed and certai'a tact, why may not
New York disrupt the bands which bind her to a
venal and corrupt master?"
Mr. Speaker, this may in a measure account
for the remarkable solicitude which he evinces
for the unreconstructed of Mississippi, and the
blindness he confesses to the object of recon-
struction.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have extended my re-
marks beyond my first intent. I will conclude
by saying.with General Grant at the head of
Government, with a Congress true to its office-
work of protection and encouragement to loy-
alty wherever found, with commanding officers
who knowing their duty do it, with this bill a
law, I am confident Mississippi will soon be
restored to harmony in her civil rule and to
her proper practical relations in the national
Government.
Under the provisions of the bill before us
the convention is to reassemble, appointapro-
visional governor, who shall submit to the peo-
ple the constitution heretofore framed for their
adoption or rejection, declare the result of the
vote, protect the poor against the oppressions
of the merciless laws of the past, and the voter
against fraud, intimidation, and violence, and
proclaim the persons elected by the open, un-
trammeled exercise of the franchise. Such cer-
tainly cannot result in other than a speedy
settlement of the hitherto distracted condition
of Mississippi, and add another to the restored
States of the Union.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, we have before
us two bills for the reconstruction of Missis-
sippi ; one reported by the chairman of the
Committee on Reconstruction, [Mr. Butler,]
the other offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsv.-oiith. j The first proposes
to exhume, to officially revive, to inspire with
new life, to recreate the old constitutional con-
vention of Mississippi ; and having resurrected
this functus ojficio body, to strip from it the
shroud and habiliments of death, clothe it with
new powers and privileges, and give unto it and
its appointee the right to rule the people of
^Mississippi, "until disapproved by Congress."
The second or substitute bill proposes simply
that a constitution of State government for
Mississippi—the orphan offspring of this dead
constitutional convention—shall be submitted
again to the people of Mississippi for ratifica-
tion or rejection ; that two of the sections which
it is believed heretofore caused its rejection
shall be submitted separately, and that at this
same election the people shall choose their
officers.
Sir, the bill offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fakxswobth] seems to me fair,
merciful, just, in harmony with the reconstruc-
tion laws of Congress, and in accordance with
the spirit of our institutions. The measure
reported from the committee seems to me
harsh, unrepublican in essence, inconsistent
with former reconstruction legislation, un-
called for by the .Agencies of the-occasion,
and not likely at last to aid in the reconstruc-
tion of Mississippi.
1 desire before entering upon a discussion of
the merits of the bill now pending to place on
record for myself and for the Republican party
of the country, so far as I can claim to represent
its views, an utter denial of the assertions made
upon this floor not long since by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] that we are
" forgetting the principles of humanity and
self interest alike; that we have denied the
southern people the right of protection for life,
liberty, and property," and that we are "pur-
suing that people."
Sir, it is not true that Congress is animated
by any spirit of vengeance, or even of retribu-
tion, toward that people. It is not true that
the dominant party here desires to oppress or
"pursue " that people. It may be that we are
not inclined to intrust the control of this Gov-
ernment to those who so very lately endeav-
ored to destroy it. It may be that we shall
continue to interpose to strike the lash out of
fingers from which we recently wrenched the
sword. It may be that we do not feel any
delicate obligation of gratitude toward Jeffer-
son Davis, or tender emotions of friendship
toward the jailers of Andersonville. It may
be that we do not intend to restore all ex con-
federate officers to their former rank in the
Federal armies. _ It may be that we fail to
feel the force of the reasoning which insists
that the country will not be reconstructed until
the rebel Democracy shall be in power. It
may be that we believe that Farragut sailed
into Mobile bay for some other purpose than
to give Raphael Semmes an office, and that
Sherman did not blaze his trail of fire through
Georgia merely to lightunrepentantand unpar-
doned rebels the way to seats in Congiess. It
may be that we think that those who stood by
the country in her hour of trial can best be
trusted by the country in her hour of triumph.
It may be, indeed, that we decline to accept
the '• point-no-point" policy of the party
whom the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] in part represents here. It may be
that we shall continue to look with some sus-
picion upon advice tendered to us by the rebel
element, which finds such able representation
and encouragement and expression here. It
may be that we shall not strike the word traitor
from our literature; that we shall not forget
the names or the deeds of our heroes; that
now and then, perhaps, we shall celebrate the
anniversary of a Union victory, and refuse to
silence the songs of the dusky Miriams over
their escape trom the house of bondage—even
though those songs should strike offensively
upon the ears of some shipwrecked satrap of
Egypt. These things all may be, and yet I
believe that the Republican party in this House
and in the country earnestly desire peace. I
believe that we seek only to remove, thor-
oughly remove, the blight and mildew of seces-
sion from off the fair face of the South ; to
reopen her ports to commerce, restore her
great marts to thrift, her fields to opulence,
her people to contentment, to prosperity, to a
voice m the councils, and in due time, per-
haps, a place in the government of the nation.
But the causes of a war which shook a con-
tinent from its center to its confines arc not to
be forgotten in a year or two, any more than
its results are to be reversed by citing a reso-
lution of Congress passed in the dark hours
of 1862, and a letter of Mr. Lincoln written
in that year. Both, indeed, are interesting as
historical reminisceuces, but neither have any
more relation to the present time or its neces-
sities than 1862 had to the year before the
Missouii compromise was repealed. The gen-
tleman from New York thinks it singular mat
men change; but evemshave changed. Tem-
pora mufantur nos et mutarnur in illis. Was
there ever claim more logically absurd than the
claim ot rebels whose armies were destroyed
in 1865 to occupy because of such destruction
exactly the same position they might have oc-
cupied if they had disbanded their armies in
1862? Sir, I will not dwell longer upon these
aucient propositions, nor yet upon the oft-
repeated musty puzzle presented to us by the
gentleman from New York as to the right of
Congress to legislate for a State. They are
"profitlessabstractions," settled long since by
sword and vote, by ballot and bullet, in forum
and on field.
I pass to the bills under consideration, and
assuming that we desire to enact such law as
will bestand most rapidly bringabout the recon-
struction of Mississippi I will give mj' reasons
why I think that the proposition of the commit-
tee should be rejected by the House.
I find that in some particulars both of the
bills now before the House agree. Both pro-
vide that a constitution of State government
sliall_ be submitted to the registered voters of
Mississippi for ratification or rejection. Both
