THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
class of men who ask for delay. Here is my
friendand colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
who has announced his purpose in the maxim,
festina lente; and then comes the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] who tells us that it is better for us—
"To bearthose ills we have
Than fly to others that we know not of.'*
If these purposes of delay meetour approval.
I know not, Mr. Speaker, when the time will
come that we can take any step forward. Why
shall there be delay? Why this plan of mas-
terly inactivity ? Why shall we ''make haste
slowly ?"
Now, sir, when we consider the objections
that are made to the passage of this bill they
resolve themselves simply into these : that the
people of Mississippi are in no condition to
reconstruct their government; that their po-
litical sins deserve the restraints of military
control; and that, it is better, therefore, or at
least just, to continue the existing military
government. But how do gentlemen know
that the people of Mississippi are in no con-
dition to reorganize their government? The
attempt has been made once, and it has
failed. The people have, it is very truly said,
voted down the constitution which was sub-
mitted to them, and, therefore, they are now
in no condition to take a vote upon another
constitution. Butthatis a non sequilur. Sir,
a vote was taken under the administration of
General Gillem in that State; but I deny that
it reflected the will of the people. They should
not now be judged m the light of that vote.
There was then such a reign of terror, under
the maladministration of military affairs in
that department, and such encouragement
given to rebels and rebel sympathizers, that
there was no free or fair vote taken, and none
could be taken, upon the question whether the
constitution should or should not be adopted.
But now, Mr. Speaker, a different order of
things has come about. General Grant is Pres-
ident. General Ames is in command in the
district, and it is by no means to be assumed
that if a constitution should now be submitted
to the people that no fair vote could be had
upon it, or that reconstruction is now imprac-
ticable. Why, then, should we adopt as ap-
plicable to this case the maxim festina lente ?
Why should we not take some step forward in
the work of reconstruction and reorganization ?
Sir, I apprehend that there is no gentleman on
this floor who would have the courage to an-
nounce that it is not desirable that Mississippi
shall be reconstructed as speedily as it is prac-
ticable to do so. And how can we know that
reconstruction is impracticable now unless we
make an effort and try that question by sub-
mitting a constitution to the people of that
State to be voted upon once more ?
Gentlemen tell us that it is better to leave
the State of Mississippi still under military
rule, But why? Certainly it ia now practicable
to maintain a purely civil government and aid
it, if necessary, by the military arm of the Gov-
ernment. In the present condition of things,
Mississippi is governed by a military com-
mander, who is also the provisional governor.
He has the power to appoint and remove all
officers in the State. The State is without any
• legislative power; and the commander enforces
his edicts by the strong arm of military power.
Why, I ask, should this condition of things
continue? Is it desirable to make the military
government perpetual in this State ? Is there
anything in the character of that government
which commends itself to the approval of Con-
gress ? Is it not practicable to adopt any other
form of government ? Certainly no gentleman
here or elsewhere has ventured to affirm the
affirmative of these questions.
My colleague [Mr. Sohbjjck] tells us that
he is opposed to the bill before the House
because it seems to involve one great defect,
namely, the government of the State by a con-
vention. I have no particular dread of a State
being governed by a convention. What is the
government of any State but the government
of a convention in the form of a legislative
body? This bill proposes to introduce the
government of this convention only tempo-
rarily. it merely authorizes the convention to
remain in existence for sixty days. The bill
clothes it with some legislative power, but the
gentleman has not pointed out any legislative
power which it grants not demanded by the
interests of that State. What is the Govern-
ment of the United States but the government
of a convention? This Congress is but a con-
vention of the representatives of the people.
All republican government is the government
of a convention; and the bill before us pro-
vides that a governor shall be appointed by
the convention, which is substantially the
mode of electing a President by electors.
We are told that this convention has'not
made itself popular in the State of Mississippi.
How do gentlemen know that? It is true that
the constitution submitted to the people has
been rejected, but it has been rejected under a
general who sympathized with the rebels of
that State, and who gave no adequate aid or
protection to the loyal people who would have
ratified it if they could have fully and fairly
voted upon the question. The convention cer-
tainly was not popular with the late rebels, but
there is no evidence that the loyal people of
the State are not satisfied with the convention,
the men who compose it, or with their work.
The gentleman who preceded me in this dis-
cussion and others have sufficiently vindicated
the convention. Its work vindicates itself.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worthJ proposes a substitute for this bill,
but the substitute recognizes the work of the
convention, the constitution it submited, as
the work of able, loyal men and good citi-
zens. It proposes to submit that constitution
to the people again for their approval, only
with unimportant modifications. It provides
that certain sections of the constitution shall
be submitted separately to the vote of the peo-
ple. But the bill as it came from the Recon-
struction Committee authorizes the same thing,
and in addition that amendments may be made
by the convention. I submit that the better
way would be to reassemble the convention for
the purpose of remodeling the constitution and
again presenting it to the people for ratifica-
tion or rejection. It is better that it should be
the work of the convention composed of rep-
resentatives of the people of the State than to
come from Congress and be submitted under
the substitute of the gentleman from Illinois.
Objection is made to this convention, Mr.
Speaker, on several grounds. It is said there
are vacancies to be filled. The bill reported
by the Committee on Reconstruction provides
forthe filling of those vacancies. Then we are
told that this convention is functus officio; that
it is a dead organization ; that it has accom-
plished the purpose for which it was elected,
which was to prepare and submit a constitu-
tion to the people of Mississippi. In answer
to all this it is sufficient to say that these alle-
gations are neither true in law or in fact. The
convention made provision for its reassemblage
in the event of the rejection of the constitu-
tion, and it would have reassembled for the
purpose of submitting another constitution if
General Gillem had not prevented it by military
orders. Its work is not yet accomplished, and
will not be until a constitution is adopted. If
this convention has become defunct it has not
been by any provision of law, but it has been
terminated by the exercise of the arbitrary will
of a military commander.
But no gentleman here has doubted the power
of Congress to pass this bill. If the term of
office of every member of the convention had
expired by express limitation, or if the con-
vention had otherwise become functus officio,
a law of Congress may revive its powers and
call it into being. Certainly it is not desirable
to incur the delay, turmoil, and expense of
another election when a convention yet fresh
from the people can be assembled by act of
Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to submit a statement to the House in reference
to the order of its business. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] has a con-
tested-election case, which he has given notice
he will call up on the first opportunity. As
the House is now somewhat thin, I will pro-
pose, if there be no objection, that I shall now
demand the previous question and let the vote
be taken on this bill to-morrow at one o'clock.
That will allow my friend from Pennsylvania
to get up and dispose of his proposition this
evening.
Mr. DAWES. I desire the House to under-
stand that there is other business to be dis-
posed of besides that which has been reported
by the Committee of Elections. There is pub-
lic business to be disposed of. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations have reported a defi-
ciency bill which will consume more than an
hour in its consideration, and if the arrange-
ment of my colleague is carried out I do not
see how we- shall be able to reach it before
three o'clock to-morrow afternoon. We shall
not then be able to send it to the other branch
before some time on Monday, and we can
hardly expect to get it back for several days.
I will leave it for the House to decide. I d6
not wish to antagonize my colleague, but I
give notice the first opportunity I have I shall
move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of taking up and considering
the deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts should prevail, the
postponing of the further consideration of the
pending bill until to-morrow at one o'clock,
and the House shall take up the Pennsylvania
contested-election case and that shall go over
until to-morrow as the unfinished business, it
must be disposed of before the House can pro-
ceed to the consideration of any other business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be seconded the question will first occur on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faknsworth] to postpone the further consider-
ation of this bill till the first Monday in Decem-
ellTFARN8W0RTH. Will the previous
question exhaust itself on the motion to post-
pone?
The SPEAKER. _It will.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
first to the gentleman from California, and next
to the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker,I very heartily
concur in the sentiment that seems to pervade
the House that at this spring session of Con-
gress general legislation, except in matters of
pressing importance, should be postponed.
We have already passed many important meas-
ures called for by the condition of the country,
and so far signalized the usefulness of the pro-
vision of law by which the Forty-First Con-
gress assembled immediately on the expiration
of the late Administration, We have given a
pledge to the world that our national obliga
tions shall be met in their letter and spirit; and
by so doing have vindicated our public faith
and laid the foundation for national credit if
another great emergency calling for extraor-
dinary expenditures like that of the late rebel-
lion shall arise. No man can now say that a
stain rests on our national honor in a matter
so vital to our reputation as a people. We
have inaugurated important measures looking
to reform in the administration of the laws,
and not least in importance, we have carefully
guarded the prerogatives of the President of
the United States, and extended his power to
cleanse the public service of thieves and plun-
derers, while maintaining the constitutional
prerogatives of the Senate. After the passage
of the deficiency appropriation bill, which was
made the special order for to-day, we might
say that we had done enough for this session,
and be ready to adjourn.
