1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I should concur in this view of the matter
were the work of reconstruction complete in
all the States. But while there is disorgani-
zation and terrorism at work in the South our
task is not completed. I cannot assent to the
proposition to postpone the consideration of
the pending measure until the December ses-
sion. It is of a class of bills that can now be
attended to as well as at any later period,
while the reasons for action are pressing and
important. The debate on the bill convinces
rne that all the facts are in possession of the
House, and that we can now attain a wise con-
clusion as well as we can ten months from now.
It is our duty under the Constitution to assure
to every State a republican form of govern-
ment. We neglect that duty if we leave Mis-
sissippi an hour unnecessarily under military
government-—a form of government that arose
from the necessities of the war, and only to be
excused by them. The loyal people of Missis-
sippi are as ready to act now as in the future.
It that element does not exist there now in
sufficient strength to organize a stable and loyal
government, will it be better next December
or during the next ten years ? What are we
doing to promote the growth of loyalty in that
community? We certainly do nothing by leav-
ing the State to the malice of rebels and in-
efficiently protected by the military arm. All
intelligence from the State brings evidence of
confusion and discord, while the complaints of
loyal men show that there is no protection for
life and property of those who adhere to the
Government.
If any matter of more pressing importance
than this has demanded the attention of this
House at this session I am not aware of" it. I
am therefore in favor of boldly meeting these
questions, and disposing of them before we
adjourn, even if it extends the session into the
summer. The loyal people of Mississippi look
to us for protection from violence, assassination,
and rapine, and we shall not do our duty unless
we organize measures that shall effectually
accomplish this result. I need not dwell upon
the specific wrongs and injuries now inflicted
upon the loyalists of Mississippi, white and
black. They have been fully stated here by
the able gentleman from Massachusetts, and
the truth of his statements remains unchal-
lenged.
It being, then, our duty to act in this measure,
in my judgment it seems to me that the bill
reported from the Committee of Reconstruc-
tion, providing for the organization of a pro-
visional government in the State of Missis-
sippi, affords the fullest guards that our purpose
to organize a stable government in that State
and give ample protection to its people in their
rights shall be executed. I conceive that there
is no valid objection to the reassembling of the
constitutional convention elected in pursuance
of the act of Congress of March 2, 1867. That
convention sent a constitution to the people.
By force and by fraud that constitution did
not and could not receive a majority of the
votes. The reassembling of the convention,
which was provided for by its own act, was
defeated by Andrew Johnson, who sentagen-
eral in the interest of the rebels, to oppress the
peopleof Mississippi and to preventtherpassem-
bling of the convention. We propose to repair
that wrong, and enable that convention now to
reassemble, filling any vacancies by election,
and submit the constitution then framed to the
people, with or without amendments, as they
deem best. This action, with the guards pro-
vided in the bill against violence and fraud,
seems to me calculated to emancipate the State
at the earliest day from military rule, and pro-
vide for the fairest expression of the will of
the people.
I shall not prolong this debate by discussing
the substitute offered for our adoption. It pro-
poses to submii.thesameconstitution,but with-
out providing the means for any necessary
amendment. I am willing to trust the con-
vention that framed the original constitution ;
Hud I do not think the assaults that have been
made upon it on the other side of this Hall
have inflicted serious injury upon its reputa-
tion. From the stand-point of my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] perhaps no loyal con-
vention, or convention elected in Mississippi
by men of the opposite political faith, could be
trusted to make organic law. I have no .such
distrust for the men who have withstood the
fiery trial of persecution from rebels on one
hand and constant annoyance from the tools
of Andrew Johnson on the other.
Mr. Speaker, the action proposed by this
bill seems a necessary supplement to the legis-
lation of Congress growing out of the rebellion.
The close of the war, accompanied by the
assassination of the President, left questions
of momentous importance on our hands. The
rebellion was crushed out of existence as an
armed power, but immediately assumed vast
proportions as a political power. With the aid,
encouragement, and patronage of an aposta-
tizing Chief Executive there was imminent
danger that the rebel element would snatch
from the midst of defeat all the nefarious ends
at which it had aimed by armed rebellion, and
deprive us of all the benefits that Providence
had bestowed as some compensation for the
blood and tears that had been shed, the
treasure that had been expended in saving
the nation's life. Under the encouragement
of Andrew Johnson slavery was revived in
another name. The life of a Union man be-
came unsafe in any part of the South. Rebels
were to be restored at once to public stations,
and placed in a position to dictate laws to us
as if we were conquered and not themselves.
The history of the struggle by which this was
averted, of the firmness with which Congress
resisted the encroachments of executive influ-
ence, baffled the designs of unreconstructed
traitors, and subordinated the South to_ the
control of its better elements, is a well-written
page of our annals. We should do well to finish
this work by the aid of an honest and powerful
Administration. We no longer need to pass
laws to explain laws that need no explanation
except honest construction. No intriguing
agents of the Executive will longer defeat re-
construction, stir up strife, and abet deeds of
villainy and murder. The day is come when
we may well hope that life and human rights
may be made as safe in Texas or Mississippi
as it is in Massachusetts or my own State. The
better elements of society can be brought to
the surface in every part of the South. The
election of Grant was the pledge of peace.
With peace will come prosperity ; new business
energies will be developed, and the waste places
be built up. They are enemies of the South
and of the country who would perpetuate the
old order of things and keep up the unfraternal
strifes of the past four years. The congres-
sional plan of reconstruction has been vindi-
cated by the people. Let us extend it to the
yet unreconstrncted States with confidence that
it will there perform the beneficial work it has
accomplished elsewhere. To this end let us
have action on this matter at this session.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina. Without
at all intending to make a set speech on this
Mississippi question, Mr. Speaker, I request
the attention of the House to a subject in con-
nection therewith which, to my mind, appears
of as vital importance as any of the questions
! that have hitherto engaged the attention and
1 sympathy of this body, and on which I could
not remain longer silent without conceiving a
keen remorse of conscience. I desire to call
the attention of Congress to the ill-fated class
of southern unionists. Is there any hope for
these unfortunate citizens of the United States,
or shall we abandon them to their fate and
complacently wait till the last of them fall vic-
tims to organized assassination? Many salu-
tary laws have been passed by Congress since
the terrific civil war was brought to a close,
and I yield to none in my approval of such
important enactments as the civil rights bill
and the fourteenth and fifteenth constitutional
amendments, tending, as they all do, to carry
into practice the true principles of civilization
and humanity. Let the bW.'< man, ouee made
free, vote and have full protection in the enjoy-
ment of this right.
But the question I am anxious to submit to
the House is, whether before we separate some
mode might not be found by which to put a stop
to the systematic slaying of thewhite Union men
in the South? Sirs, there is ignominy enough
in the fact that the theme which I make it my
melancholy duty to direct attention to should
at all be a reality. I am far from being in-
clined to dwell on the miseries, persecutions,
barbarities, and agonies we, the Union element
in the South, had to suffer during the war; nor
shall I display before your eyes the long, ghastly
list of respectable and peaceable citizens man-
gled and murdered, alike in the dark of the
night as in broad daylight, some in their own
houses, others on the high roads. History
will, no doubt, preserve a faithful record of
the heinous doings of the bloodthirsty asso-
ciations under the reign of Andrew Johnson,
and the extraordinary immunities enjoyed by
them. But we have to deal with the present;'
and, to judge from facts staring us full in the
face, the work of murder for murder's sake is
still going on.
With all my respect for our new Chief Magis-
trate, and despite the implicit confidence I
place both in his intentions and qualities, I
cannot forbear solemnly declaring that unless
he directs above all his attention and power
to purging the country of these self-constituted
outlaws and executioners, unless, I say, the
President makes it his first and paramount
duty to protect the persons and property of
Union men in the South, he will be oblivious
of the most sacred of his duties. If there was
a class that anxiously awaited the 4th of March
it was certainly the southern Unionists. In
their belief that day was to be the harbinger
of peace and security, the dawn of a new ex-
istence. Yet, as I have already observed, the
hands of the assassins have since the 4th of
March added to the number of victims, and
apparently with the same impunity as before.
Certainly nothing has yet happened, so far as
my knowledge goes, calculated to cheer up and
fill with fresh hope that noble, decimated, and
agonizing class. What comfort is it to them
to learn that general this will have his head-
quarters in such and such a city, and that
general that appointed on his staff Major A
or Captain B? What possible consolation can
it be to the poor Union men and women, trem-
bling for their lives in the dead of the night
at each rustling of the leaves of the trees about
their homes, to know that an embassador has
been appointed to France, and that Mr. A is
going to be commissioner of the Pacific rail-
road and Mr. B Register of the Treasury?
It is not necessary for one to be profoundly
versed in law to know that the primary duty
of every government is to protect the lives of
its subjects and citizens, and to punish mr-
derers and other malefactors. There is no
civilized government, however objectionable
otherwise, that will dare to neglect this kind
of duty, even if it was only to save its author-
ity and respect in the eyes of other nations,
Shall it be said that the free Republic of the
United States alone forms an exception to the
rule ? That here alone bands of assassins, who
openly proclaim their inhuman profession, can
go on without even fear of being brought to
jusiice ? There is something singularly humil-
iating in the mere idea of such a state of thingj
being possible in a government of the people
made for the people.
Sir, let me not be misunderstood. I am not
one of those who stand up here to ask revenge.
I am far from being willing to rake up the
dying embers and open anew old wounds. Let
the veil of forgetfulness cover all the political
crimes of the past against the Government ot
this country. But what I cannot comprehend,
id what no argumentwill clearup tomymma,
how it comes that premeditated, cold-blooded
murder should walk forth so long triumphant.
The spectacle is so enormous, so isvolting, thai
1 really cannot reconcile its existence with the
laws of reason. Every effort of the Govera-
ancl
is 1
