THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
merit should, without one hour's delay, be di-
rected toward the easting out from our midst
this disgraceful murder system. We have cast
out slavery; let us cast out manslaughter.
There is more humanity in this work and much
more true glory than in any other we have
engaged in since the close of the war. The
Government would have deserved infinitely
more glory if the money and troops that
■were employed last year in chasing and fight-
ing the Indians had been employed in fer-
reting out and destroying the professional
murderers of the truest of its citizens. That
■would have been a work acceptable to God
and all honest men all the world over. Now
is the time to take the decisive step. The
means at hand are more than ample; only
the will seems to be wanting. Why allow gra-
tuitously one single hour to embitter the
existeuce of the Union women and children
of the South? Shall we wait for still fresher
victims, or can it be that the protection of the
"Union element is a task beyond the power of
the Government ? If so, let us say so undis-
guisedly, and put an end to the deceptions of
hope. For my part I cannot imagine how a
Government which could maintain soldiers by
the million, and when necessary spend mil-
lions of dollars by the day, would, if it earn-
estly desired, fail to lay hold of and destroy
bands of lawless murderers, however numer-
ous, and under whatever, guise. A Govern-
ment acknowledging itself unequal to such a
task would deserve the contumely of its own
people and the contempt of all other nations.
The authority of the Government of the Uni-
ted States must be vindicated or we may as
well have none. Relieve the South of these
bandits, and all the good of that section, with-
out regard to their status and sympathies dur-
ing the rebellion, will say amen. There are
thousands in my own State of the humbler
walks of life who were active participants in
the rebellion, and who, if the dread of ostra-
cism and terrorism of these suppliant tools
of treason was removed, would plant them-
selves fairly and squarely on the side of truth
and justice and the maintenance of the He-
public and its friends. Relieve the thinking
and better disposed classes of the South of the
thunderbolts suspended over their heads as it
were, and although tliev may have been com-
promised with the rebellion they will flock by
the score to the standard-bearers of the coun-
try in support of the Government. But while
murder stalks abroad unpunished, and the
local courts prove ineffectual and a source of
protection rather than of punishment, and im-
prisonment a security for outlaws until a more
propitious time for escape to begin anew in
other localities their murderous schemes on
those who dare assert their right to think and
act as freemen, the spoiler will prove the vic-
tor, and, free speech crushed out, the free
exercise of the ballot will prove a farce.
I heard a gentleman in tiiis House endeavor
to secure the sympathy of the Government for
the Cretans, fighting against the Turks; another
honorable member eloquently recommended
our protection to the people of San Domingo.
Let me state that, with all due deference for
the opinions and motives of these gentlemen,
I, with my heart set on the woful state of our
Union brothers in many sections of the South,
could not help feeling a kind of surprise in
seeing such distant objects of sympathy intro-
duced in this House. Nor could I explain it
by any other method than the common saying,
that the things lying nearest to our eyes are
frequently the least seen. It was but the other
day that honorable gentlemen in the other
House were earnestly discussing the question
of protecting the furred animals of Alaska.
Thrice happy quadrupeds! Bat yesterday added
to the household of Uncle Sam, and known to
us only by tradition, and already you are sub-
jects of particular solicitude! Whatever the
real condition of these distant ice-born furred
animals be, and whether they want our pro-
tection or not, one thing is very apparent to
my mind, and that is that they have not to
contend against such a savage, overbearing,
cold-blooded, fiendish, and relentless foe as
the Union-hating banditti commonly called
the Kuklux. I appeal to this Congress and to
the Executive to hasten to the rescue of our
own kin and neighbors, to the rescue of those
with whose miseries we are or ought to be
fully acquainted, and whom we see being cut
off day by day. Let us, if it be necessary, give
up everything else up for the time being and
rush to the rescue of the last remnant of the
forlorn hope of the war.
I need hardly remind the House that the
condition of affairs in the State to which-I have
the honor to belong is far from being the worst!
on the contrary, in North Carolina the scenes
of violence have recently been few and far
between, but even there some acts of a most
atrocious character have been perpetrated. To
me the honest Union man of Florida, Missis-
sippi, Arkansas, or Texas is as much my neigh-
bor as he in my immediate district. I contend
for the vindication of the law ; I plead for the
protection of the lives of all the citizens of the
United States of every hue and color, no mat-
ter where and how they may shift their resi-
dences. With what face can the Government
demand the protection of its citizens from the
Czar of Russia or the Sultan of Turkey when
it tails to protect a New Yorker in Georgia or
a Massachusetts man in Louisiana? A most
pitiable state of affairs, forsooth!
It has not been long since we saw the British
Government embark in war and send a power-
ful army, drawn together from Europe and the
East Indies, into Abyssinia, a country very dif-
ficult of access, utterly unknown and untrodden
by any army of modern times. And what was
this costly and hazardous enterprise for? Let
me tell you, gentlemen, what it was for. It was
to avenge the maltreatment of less than a half
dozen English citizens. The extraordinary
expedition succeeded ; the honor of the British
flag and British citizenship was vindicated, and
the civilized world applauded at the manly
bearing of England. Shall we who are so
proud of our greatness and so eloquent on our
progress continue to neglect to protect the
United States citizen at home?
I shall not attempt to discuss this doleful
matter any further. Congress is for peace,
the Government is for peace, and the great
majority of the people North and South are for
peace; but bloody murderers roam at large in
many sections, bidding defiance to law and to
the Government. If, therefore, we really want
peace, we must first of all rid the country of
murderers and peace-breakers, and vindicate
the majesty of the law and the Government.
SOUTH CAROLINA CONTESTED-ELECTION CAKE.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit from the Committee of Elections a
report in the case of Wallace vs. Simpson,
from the fourth congressional district of South
Carolina, to the effect that Mr. Simpson has
been found to be ineligible to a seat in this
House.
There was no objection; and the report was
received, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RANDALL submitted a minority report
in the same case from the same committee;
which was also laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
; the House. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENSON. It is not my purpose
to discuss this bill at large. It is in competent
I hands. I am in favor of prompt and vigorous
action in favor of the loyal men of Mississippi
and of the whole South. It is time that the
friends of the Government should begin to feel
the protecting power of our present harmonious
loyal national Government. It is high time
that the enemies of loyalty and union should
feel the force of a loyal President executing the
law of the land.
Some gentlemen think legislation unneces-
sary ; they rely upon the Executive and the
military authorities. Doubtless these influ-
ences would be beneficial, but these alone with
legislation would be like sunlight intercepted
bj; clouds. Let us remove the clouds and per-
mit the pure light of loyalty to penetrate those
regions of darkness.
But my purpose is to do justice to some of
the men who stand at the front in Mississippi
in the civil contest for loyal reconstruction.
It has been said that the convention is unpop-
ular in Mississippi, and that the people of Mis-
sissippi are not cordially disposed toward its
leaders. Can any gentleman tell me what
sound loyal man or measure is popular there ?
It is this sentiment of hostility to loyal men
and measures which renders necessary such
legislation as we propose. But there is no
good reason that I have heard why any loyal
man should dislike those leaders, save only
that natural jealousy among aspirants for office
which ever arrays the outs against the ins.
Happening to know something of the gal-
lant soldiers who are members of the conven-
tion, I feel it a duty to state some facts of their
record. In the convention there were nineteen
men of northern origin who had served in the
Union Army for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, five brave private soldiers—and we know
that many privates were the best men—two lieu-
tenants, five captains, four majors, one colonel,
and two generals. Among these were—
1. Captain E. J. Castello, of the seventh
Missouri infantry. He volunteered as a private
soldier, served under General Lyon at the cap-
ture of Camp Jackson, was promoted for gal-
lantry, and served during the war.
2. Major W. H. Gibbs, of the fifteenth Illi-
nois i n"f an try, enlisted asaprivate April22,1861,
was elected lieutenant, served through the Mis-
souri campaign under Fr6mont and Hunter,
and under General Grant from Donelson to
Vicksburg, and was promoted for meritorious
conduct at Donelson and Pittsburg Landing.
3. Colonel A. T. Morgan, second Wisconsin,
volunteered in June, 1801, served with his regi-
ment until it was mustered out, was promoted
for gallant service at Gettysburg, and served
in the campaign which ended in the captureot
Lee and his army, and bears honorable scars
received in defense of his country.
4. General H. W. Barry volunteered in 1881
from Kentucky as a private, and by faithfnl
service rose to the rank of colouel. He was
recommended by Mr. Lincoln to General Rose-
crans in strong terms and indorsed by all
prominent officers under whom he served. He
raised the first regiment of colored troops
organized in Kentucky.
5. General Eggleston, the president of the
convention, volunteered in 1861 as a private in
the first Ohio cavalry, rose to the command ot
his regiment, which was with Kilpatrick in his
ride around Atlanta, and repulsed the charge
of the rebels under General Ciaibourne at Jones-
borough, and thereby saved the command, and
when his regiment was surrounded by superior
force it charged the enemy's cavalry in column
and rode right over it like an avalanche. At
Plantsville, Alabama, he dismounted his regi-
ment and charged Forrest's artillery, capturing
every gun in position. He has been compli-
mented and promoted for gallant services and
meritorious conduct; was detailed by General
Wilson, at Macon, Georgia, to receive the sur-
render of Atlanta, and received that surrender
from the rebel General Glenn, and remained in
command there until he was appointed by Gen-
neral Gilmore as chief of cavalry in the depart-
ment of the South, where he served until the
end of the war. In 1865he removed with his
family and property to Mississippi, where he
has resided ever since. He was elected a dele-
gate to the convention and chosen its presi-
dent, and afterward nominated as the Union
candidate for Governor. I knew him before the
war and knew bim well. He was and is an
honest, earnest man; a gallant soldier, rugged
and vigorous, brave and true ; with more good
sound timber in him than there is in the entire
so called Democratic party. These, and such
men as these, are the leaders of the loyal
