1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
movement for reorganization in Mississippi.
No wonder rebels do not love them. They never
will love such men until they shall have been
converted to that religion which teaches men to
love their enemies. But the wonder is that
such men are not unanimously sustained by all
true patriots.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an "in-
quiry of the gentleman from Ohio, with entire
respect for him, for I understand that he was
once some whatof my way of thinking, an honest
man, iti favor of peace in preference to war,
though that has no relation to the question
which I desire to put. He has undertaken to
give us some idea of this convention and of
the character of these men, and I do not know
that I can dispute a single position he has
taken or statement he has made. But%e is
well posted evidently with regard to the con-
vention, and therefore I desire him to inform
the House liow many members of that con-
vention were candidates for office at the time
when the constitution was voted upon. And
when he has answered that, I desire him to
inform the House farther how many of those
men had no residence in the State of Missis-
sippi when they were elected to the conven-
tion, and how many of them have since gone
to their former homes in other States, and
whether he desires them to come back now
from those other States and make a constitu-
tion for the State of Mississippi?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have said that I did
not propose to go into this subject at length,
neither do I profess to have the information
that would enable me to do so. I do not pro-
fess to know all about this convention or much
about it, but I do profess to know that which
I have said of these prominent leaders. How
many of the members of that convention have
been driven out of the State of Mississippi I
do not know.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have asked no such
question.
Mr. STEVENSON. But I am in favor of
returning every man who has been driven out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that I asked him a question in all can-
dor and fairness, and he undertakes, in my
judgment, to answer it unfairly and without
candor, and he does Dot mean to give us the
information even if he has it. Does he know
how many of the members of this convention
were subsequently candidates for office, and
how many of them were at the time they as-
sumed to make a constitution for the State of
Mississippi non-residents of that State, and
who have since then left it and gone to their
homes ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know those
particulars.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well; that is a sat-
isfactory answer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
answer the gentleman's question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Ohio
has made a satisfactory answer and I think a
candid answer. I am satisfied with it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, again ad-
dressed the House in remarks which will be
published in the Appendix.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted, and
the question will now be taken.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to be allowed two minutes to correct a
misstatement which I think the gentleman has
made.
The SPEAKER. Is there object-ion ?
Several Members. No objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears none.
Mr. WARD. I object.
Several Members. Too late.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
rise in time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. StuvexsoKj] who ae-
(•lined to answer my question, I wish to say
that I am informed that the gentleman who was
president of the Mississippi convention was
not the person deputed to take the surrender
of Atlanta atall. That is one of the misstate-
ments I wish to correct. Another is this: the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boti.br]
read from the Globe a statement made by Mr.
Boutwell in the last Congress. Now, I do
notobjectto a word which the gentleman read,
but to the statement, which followed. The
gentleman stated that it was announced on this
side of the House that we intended to filibuster
against this Mississippi bill. He did not note
carefully the report in the Globe, or he would
nothavemade that statement. He did injustice
to me and to Mr. Boutwell when he made it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to read it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; the gentleman
would not allow me a single word.
Mr. WARD. I would inquire how the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin gets the floor? 1 ob-
jected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
rise in season, and the Chair so slated.
Mr. WARD. I believe I did rise in time.
The SPEAKER. After the Chair had said
he heard no objection the gentleman rose, and
the Chair said it was not in time. Had the
gentleman risen in season the Chair would have
recognized him. „
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The exact fact is truly
recorded in the Globe. Mr. Boutwell came to
me and asked me to state candidly as a friend—
for we were and are personal friends—whether
we intended to oppose that bill. I asked,
" What bill? The bill to territorialize the State
of Mississippi?" "Yes," said he, "it is what
you call the bill to territorialize the State of
Mississippi.'' " Then," said I, " we shall op
pose it by all the parliamentary means within
our power." I did not state that we intended
to filibuster. I merely wish to add that it was
General Slocum who took the surrender of
Atlanta, and not the president of the Missis-
sippi convention.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
the motion to postpone the bill till the first
Monday of December next.
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays (32, not voting
31; as follows'
YEAS—Messrs. Allison,Archer,Armstrong, Axtell,
Bailey, Beek, Biggs, Bird. Blair, Brooks, Burr.Calkin,
Cleveland, Cowles, Crebs, Cuilom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dickinson, Dixon, Dockeiy, Eldridge, Farnswortl),
Fernss, Fmkolnburg.Fitch,Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan,
Golladay, Griswold. Haldeman, Hale, Ilambleton,
Hamill, Hawkins, Ilawley, Hoyg, Holman, Hopkins,
Hotchkits, Jenekes, Johnson.Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Laflin, Loughridce, Lynch, Marshall. Mayham, Mc-
Carthy, McConniek, McCrary, MciJeely, Mercur,
Moffet, Jes^e H. Mooie, Wil;iam Moore, Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, T\ib-
lack, O'Neill, Packer, Palmer, Peters, Poland. Poin-
eroy,Potter, Randall, Reading. Reeves, Rice, Rogers,
Schenck, Schumaker, SooSold, Shanks, Slocum,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strickland, Swann, Sweeney,
Taffe, Tanner. Trimble, Twiehell, Van Auken, Voor-
hees, Cadwalfider C. Wa=hburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wells, Wilkinson, Wiliard, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans. and Woodward—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Ecnman,
Beatty, Benton. Bingham. Bowen. Boyd. Buffinton,
Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick R. Butlei',
Cake. Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Donley, Duval. Ela,
Fisher, Hay,Heat,on, Hill, Hoar, Alexander II. J ones,
Jadd, Julian.Kelley.Kelsey,Emipp,Lash,L iwrence,
Mnvnard, Eliakimll. Mooie, Ne^ley, Orth, Packard,
Paine Phelps Prosper, "Roots, Sargent. Sheldon.
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevenson,
Stouehton. Tillman. Tyner, Upson, Yon Horn, Ward,
Welker, Whittemore, Williams, J ohn T. VV llson, and
Witehor—G2.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Banks,
Benjamin, Bennett, Botes, Clarke, Davis, Dickey,
Dyer, Ferry, Fox. Greene. Half-lit, Hamilton,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Ketcham, Knott, Logan, McGrew,
Morrissey, Sanford, Sawyer, Joseph S. Smith, btra-
der, Townsend, Van Trump, Wheeler, Winchester,
and Wood—31.
So the motion to postpone the bill was
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WHEELER stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Davis, on this question.
He (Mr. Wheeler) would have voted '• ay."
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was postponed ; and.
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. . .
BILL AND RESOLUTION SKiNRD.
Mr. BEATTY, from Che Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; whea
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 190) to amend an act entitled
' 'An act to provide a national currency seeured
by a policy of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of," approved June 3,1864, by extending cer-
tain penalties to accessories ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 42) respecting
the pay and allowances of enlisted meu of the
Army.
ORDER OK BUSINESS.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I desire to call up the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the contested-election
case from the twenty first congressional district
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and that tho House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the deficiency bill.
The motion was disagreed to.
ELECTION CASE COVODIS VS. I0STEK.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the matter of the prima facie right- to
the seat from the twenty-first congressional
district of Pennsylvania.
The resolutions reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
Resolved, That John Covode, upon the letter of
the Governor and papers relating to the election ia
the twenty-first congressional district of the State
of Pennsylvania, referred by t.he House to this com-
mittee, has the prima facie right to the vacant seat
from that district, and is entitled to take the oath of
office and occupy a seat in this House as the Repre-
sentative in Congress from said district, without pre-
judice ta the right of Henry D. Foster, claiming to
have been duly elected thereto, to contest his right
to said seat upon the merits.
Resolved, That Henry D. Foster, desiring to con-
test the right of Hon. John Covode to a seat in this
House as a Representative from the twenty-first, dis-
trict of the State of Pennsylvania, be, antl he is
hereby, requ/red to serve upon the said Covode,
within twenty days after the passage of this resolu-
tion, a particular statement ot tho grounds of said
contest; and that the said Covode be. and he is
hereby, required to serve upon the said Foster his
answer thereto within twenty days thereafter; and
that both parties be allowed sixty days next after the
service of said answer to take testimony in support
of their several allegations and denials ; notice of
intention to examine witnesses to be given to the
opposite party at least five days before their exa-m-
iuation, but neither party to give notice of taking
testimony within less than five (lays between the
close of taking at ono place and its commencement
ar another, but in all other respects in_the manner
prescribed in the act of Febiuary 19,1851.
CLAIM OF JACOB DUNTON.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, inclosing a report of the board of
claims for the War Department, approved by
the Secretary of Yv'ar, upon the claim of Jacob
Dunton, of Philadelphia, from whichit appears
that there isa balance due theclaimantamount-
ing to $22,845 SC.
The letter and accompanj'ing_ report were
referred to the Committee of Claims.
ELECTION CONTEST—HOOl! VS. REED.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election ease,from the
third congressional district of South Caiolina,
of Hoge vs. Reed ; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
CLAIM OP JOHN T. WRIGHT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, ioclosinga
report from the Quartermaster General or the
irmy upon the claim of John T. bright for
services of steamer America in transporting
troops in California in the year 18oO; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
