444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
improper, that any Department or any bureau,
of its own motion, without consulting Congress,
shall undertake to expend money, to run in
debt for clerical labor which is imposed upon
them by Congress, and then to bring in a defi-
ciency bill in order to meet it. It is not allowed
to any other department or any other bureau,
and we saw no reason why it should be allowed
or justified in this instance.
It is true that the amount of appropriation
for contingent expenses was cut down. It is
well enough for the Senate to consider once
and for all whether if Congress undertakes to
cut down the amount which it allows for con-
tingencies it is the business of the bureau to
say that it is not enough, and to go on expend-
ing for contingencies, hiring extra clerks, run-
ning in debt, and then sending in a deficiency
bill. If we allow any such practice, the con-
trol over this matter, which is properly aud
should always be kept within the power of
Congress, is gone; and for the sake of example
in this case, standing as the matter does, our
committee came to the conclusion that it ought
not to be allowed, as we took pains to look at
the law and see how it stood. Now it is for
the Senate to say what shall be done. In the
judgment of the Appropriation Committee the
thing is wrong; the Departments and bureaus
should conform to the will of Congress in rela-
tion to the sums of money which are placed at
their discretion and not given for a specific
purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. I agree perfectly with the
honorable Senator that Congress ought to be
careful, and lalso recognize that it is the hon-
orable Senator's duty, as the head of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to require a satis-
factory reason for every appropriation that is
to be made. This is, however, a very simple
thing. The appropriation last year was less
than that which the Department believed would
be necessary to defray the contingent expenses
of the bureau. Congress saw proper to make
the experiment, and to compel them to try to
get through with a less sum of money. There
was nothing wrong in that. They have made
the experiment, and they have exhausted the
whole amount thus appropriated, so that there
is not now one dollar in the Treasury subject
to draft for this part of the service. A new
Administration is coming in, and there is no
money to pay this part of the expenses of that
bureau to the end of the present fiscal year.
Nobody who is conversant with the labor that
is necessarily performed in that department,
the expense of which is defrayed from the
funds appropriated under this head, is dis-
appointed; but honorable members of both
branches of Congress who were not conversant
with this service conceived an idea that it
might be performed for less money. Experi-
ence shows that they were in error, and that
those who were conversant with the charac-
ter of this labor were not in error. That is
the whole case. The question arises whether
Congress will now, when the experiment has
been made, when the question has been tested,
and when it has been ascertained that that
amount was not sufficient, appropriate the
proper sum, or whether the work shall now stop.
The department has kept itself strictly within
the letter of the law, as I understand, has in-
curred no debt; but all the money appropriated
to defray the contingent expenses of the depart-
ment has been exhausted, and it is now with-
out funds and cannot proceed with the business
of the department unless Congress appropri-
ates this money.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall have to ask for a
division on that. I cannot believe that the
Senate desires that department to close up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Senators are
requested to vote in the affirmative or the nega-
tive. The question is on agreeing to this
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer anotheramendment,
to insert after the amendment just adopted
the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to furnish subsistence tor Kiowas, Co-
manches, Arapahoes, Apaches, and confederated
bands at or near Fort Cobb and south of the State of
Kansas, for the fiscal year ending June 30, lb<0,
$401,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a nice little
sum. I suppose that is a deficiency, and the
department think it necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. This was expended under
the direction of the peace commission. The
Committee on Indian Affairs examined all the
papers in the case and became satisfied that
the expenditure was made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find that I was mis-
taken ; this is for the future, not for the past.
Mr. HARLAN. I am in error. The com-
mittee were satisfied that the expenditure
would be necessary; that these Indians could
not be provided for unless the appropriation
was made. There are about seven thousand
of them.
The VICE.PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the ayes
appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt that. I should
like a little more explanation of it. I should
like to know what our obligation is.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for the Indians
who have been and are being collected around
Fort Cobb, in the Indian territory. They are
Comanches, Arapahoes, Kiowas. and Apaches.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine demand another count?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I demand
another vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT again put the ques-
tion, and said: Two Senators voted in theaffirm-
ative and two in the negative. The Chair votes
in the affirmative. He thinks it is carried. The
amendment is agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer another amendment,
to insert after the amendment just adopted the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
neces?ary, for furnishingsubsistenee tor Kiowas, Co-
manches, Arapahoes, Apaches, and confederated
bands at or near Fort Cobb and south ot the State of
Kansas from November 15, 1858, to June 30, 1869,
$126,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer another amendment,
to insert after the amendment just adopted the
following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Seeietary of the Interior to
pay unpaid vouchers audited And allowed by the
Indian peace commission, $22,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had the impression
that that was in the bill; that we adopted an
amendment of that sort.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is not; but if the
Senator is strongly of that impression it might
be passed over until we look.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iliad that impression,
but if it is not I think it ought to be.
Mr. HARLAN. It might be adopted, and
if it should be ascertained that it has been
duplicated we can strike it out hereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert after the one just adopted the
following :
For this amount, to be reimbursed from the pro-
ceeds of their lands in Kansas, for subsistence for the
Great and Little Osage Indians, $30,000.
This will not be an appropriation ultimately
from the Treasury. We have agreed to pay
these Osages, I think, $300,000, for a strip of
land to which I had occasion to refer yester-
day on another subject. These Osage Indians
live chiefly by the chase, although located in
the State of Kansas; but during the last year
they were unable to pursue the game on the
plains and are in a very destitute condition,
and this is a proposition to enable the depart-
ment to use that amount of their own money
to enable them to subsist until they can go on
the July liur.t.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer another amendment,
to insert after the amendment just adopted
the following:
For this amount, being interest on $300,000, accru-
ing since August 8,1868, up to June 30,1870, for the
benefit of persons of African descent residing in tho
Choctaw and Chickasaw nations at the date of the
negotiation of the articles of agreement with said
nations at Fort Smith, Arkansas, September 18,1865,
heretofore held in slavery among said nations, and
their descendants, as per third article of treaty April
28,1866, $29,589, said sum to be distributed per capita
after a census of said beneficiaries shall have been
taken under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, approved by him and filed in the office of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. McDONALD. I offer the following as
a substitute for the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs:
For this amount, being principal and interest
accruing since August 8,1868, to April 8,1869. for tho
persons of African descent residing in the Choctaw
and Chickasaw nations at the date of the negotiation
ot the articles of agreement with said nations at Fort
Smith, Arkansas, beptember 18,1865, heretofore held
in slavery among said nations, and their descendants,
as per third article of treaty April 28,1866, the sum
of $310,000; said sum of money to be paid to tbern
per ryi/yUa under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior: Provided,however, That immediately after
said payment shall have been made as aforesaid the
Secretary of the Interior shall require said benefi-
ciaries to leave said nations, except such of them as
shall remain with the consent of said nations upon
the same footing as other citizens of theUnited States
in said nations.
Mr. HARLAN. In order that the Senate
may understand this question, if they are will-
ing to listen to an explanation I shall be glad
to give it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will listen to it with
pleasure.
Mr. HARLAN. In a treaty made with the
Chickasaws and Choctaws in 1866 those In-
dians agreed to release their reversionary right
to several million acres of land known as the
leased district, for the sum of $300,000, to be
placed to their credit in the Treasury, to bear
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum.
It was also provided that these Indians should,
during the first succeeding two years make
provision for about three thousand people of
African descent living among them, by provid-
ing them homes to the amount of forty acres
of land for each family, and to incorporate
them into the nations with all the rights of Choc-
taws and Chickasaws; but that if they failed
to do so within the period of two years, this
ยง300,000 should accrue to the benefit of these
Africans, and the United States obligated itself
to move them to some other location and provide
for them by the use of this $300,000 which was
placed to the credit of the Indians on the books
of the Treasury. During these two years the
Indians failed to make this provision. The
money, therefore, belongs to these Africans;
but as the United States has not provided them
with a home elsewhere, the Committee on In-
dian Affairs thought that the best provision
which could be made would be to pay the
interest on the 8300,000 to these people and
make provision for thein hereafter.
Mr. McDONALD. I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate that a committee of
these freedmen are now here asking to be
removed from the Indian country. They have
no longer any rights in the Indian country, and
they are desirous of receiving homes elsewhere.
There is no provision by which they can make
homes for themselves in the Indian country,
and as fast as they do make thorn any Indian
may come along at any time and take their
improvements. The result is that it is only a
question of time as to when the removal shall
take place. It will have to be done eventually.
Many of them are desirous of removing to the
State which I in part represent, and we are
perfectly willing to have them do so. In our
State there is a large amount of land subject to
settlement by simply paying the laud office fees.
As this proposition takes no money from the
Government, but takes thissum from the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw nations under a treaty
which up to this time has not, been fulfilled,
and as these freedmen are exceedingly anxious
"that this part of the treaty should'be carried
out, and that something should be done to
