1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
relieve them, I hope the amendment which I
have offered will he adopted by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see that we
have sufficient information to act safely on this
subject at present. The amendment of the
Senator from Arkansas proposes to pay over
the $300,000 in full, and interest upon it, and
then, after that is paid over, leaves it incum-
bent upon the Government to remove these
people. I do not see that by the third article
of the treaty the Government are responsible
for the whole sum. Suppose the freedmen
should refuse to remove, what follows ? Some
of them may have already removed. By the
third article of the treaty $100 is to be deducted
for each person who has removed himself.
We do not know, there is no information fur-
nished, as to how far that has been carried on,
or what deduction should be made. We ought
to have an exact statement of the facts before
we apply the money in this way.
Now, with regaid to the amendment of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, if I can have
the attention of the honorable Senator from
Iowa I should like to have him explain the
treaty. The treaty says that interest at the
rate of five per cent, shall be paid for a certain
time. That is provided for in the bill by a
previous amendment that has been inserted.
Let rue call the Senator's attention to it. It
is the clause beginning in line eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, on page 76 and going over
to page 77. Under the same article of the
treaty he appropriates $15,000; that is five
per cent, interest. Now, where in the third
article does he find the authority for the amend-
ment which he proposes ; that is, to pay over
a further amount of interest for $300,000 for
any purpose whatever? You appropriate it
for a certain time. It is limited to be sure.
It reads:
For this amount, interest due the Choctaws and
Cbiekasaws, August 8,1868.
Now, there is not another year's iuterest
accrued. That is all the interest that I can
perceive is to be paid under the third article
under any circumstances. There is only one
sum fixed. I should like to have the Senator
point out to me where he finds the authority
for any other appropriation for interest under
the third article, or any obligation on the part
of the Government to pay any more interest.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be found in the fol-
lowing clause of the treaty:
"And should the said laws, rules, and regulations
not be made by the legislatures of said nations re-
spectively within two yoais from the ratification of
this treaty, then tlie said sum of ?300,000 shall cease
to be held in trust for the said Choctaw and Chick-
asaw nations, and be held for the use and benefit of
euch of said persons of Airican descent as the United
States shall remove from the said Territory, in such
manner as the United States shall deem proper."
The §15,000 to which the honorable Senator
refers is the interest accrued on the $300,000
the second year. They have been paid the
interest for one year. That appropriation
referred to by the Senator will pay the Choc-
taws and the'Chickasaws the interest for the
year 1868, which seems to have been omitted
last year. The two years having elapsed, this
$300,000 ceases to be held for the benefit of
the Choctawand Chickasaw nations, atidis now
held for the benefit of these persons of African
descent. It is true that under the treaty the
United States agreed to provide homes for
these colored men elsewhere, a duty which has
not been pei formed ; and as the United States
has not performed that duty, and the money is
now being held for the benefit of these people
of Airican descent., the committee thought
that they ought, to be permitted to draw the
interest and be benefited by this trust until the
United States shall be able to provide for them
homes, as stipulated in the contract.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The clause in the bill
re,ids :
For this amount, interest due the Choctaws'and
CliiekaJ-aws, Augusts, 185S, &C-, bl5.000.
Mr. HARLAN, Yes ; they have been paid
the interest for 1867.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that pays
it up to last August.
Mr. HARLAN. And that is all that is due
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, they having
failed to provide homes for these colored
people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Now, then,
comes another year not yet elapsed, and which
will not elapse until August 8, 1869, and yet
the Senator proposes to pay for the rest of the
time the sum of $29,589.
Mr. HARLAN. The language of the amend-
ment explains that point. Fifteen thousand
dollars will be for the current fiscal year, and
the other amount for the coming fiscal year.
It was made fractional purposely by the com-
mittee in the computation for the purpose of
bringing it out at the end of a fiscal year. They
have computed for a fraction of the year. The
interest began to run a little after the close of
a fiscal j'ear.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senatorpro-
poses to pay it in advance.
Mr. HARLAN. We propose to appropriate
it for the year 1870, because this bill is an
appropriation bill for the year 1370. .The
amendment contains, therefore, the deficiency
for the current year of $15,000, and the regu-
lar appropriation for the coming fiscal year,
beginning on the 1st day of July next and end-
ing on the 1st of July following.
>Ir. FESSENDEN. Where is the provision
in the treaty, the Senator will allow me to ask,
that pledges the Government to pay interest at
all after the expiration of the regular time? I
find nothing said about it. It reads:
" And should the said laws, rules, and regulations
not be made by the legislatures of said nations re-
spectively within two years from the ratification of
this treaty, then the said sum of $300,000 shall cease
to be held in trust," &c„
And shall be appropriated when the Govern-
ment shall remove the freedmen. Now, the
Committee on Indian Affairs propose in the
first place to pay the interest in advance to
August 8, 1870, and if the amendment that is
proposed to that should be adopted we have
got to pay the principal at once and interest
accruing up to the present time, and in addition
to that we have got to take our risk as to whether
these people will remove or not. We have no
data whatever by which we can determine the
amount to be deducted, according to the third
article, for each person who may have removed,
but we are asked to pay the whole sum without
any ascertainment of that fact. The Senator
will notice that the sum of $100 is to be de-
ducted for each of these persons who may have
removed. What information have we on that
point? I am speaking now of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Arkansas. We
cannot do both. If we propose to pay this
interest in advance on the whole sum, which
may or may not be due—-we cannot tell whether
it is or not—we cannot tell what deduction
should be made from it at the present time ;
the result is that the Government may be in-
volved in an expense which now it cannot fore-
see. 1 rould not understand the principle
which the Senator has partially explained in
regard to it, but you must adopt either one
system or the other. If you adopt the payment
of interest, of course you cannot pay over the
principal until the time elapses on which you
have paid the interest; that is out of the ques-
tion ; and we are in no condition to pay over
the principal, for we do not know how much
of it is really due.
Mr. RICE. I will state this case as I under-
stand it. My information is not very great on
the subject; but, as I understand from the
agent of the Choctaws and Chickasaws, the
eolored men in the territory have met and sent
delegates to a convention, and that convention
has sent delegates here to represent them for
the purpose of obtaining their rights under this
treaty. Those delegates are here now. They
represent that the colored men of the territory
wish to remove from there: that they cannot
get any permanent homes there because the
treaty stipulations on the part of the Choctaws
and Chickasaws were not carried out. They
were not assigned the forty acres of land as a
homestead as was provided by the treaty, and'
they are left homeless in point of fact. They
are left with no means of making a permanent
residence within the territory, and they are
without any means of removing from the ter-
ritory ; and it becomes important to them now,
in order that they may provide for themselves
and their families, that some provision be made
whereby they can be removed from that ter-
ritory and acquire homes elsewhere. The re-
moval can be very easily accomplished. They
adjoin a portion of the State of Arkansas where
there is a large amount of public lands that
they can settle upon as homesteads. All that
they need to accomplish the change is the
means to move iuto the State of Arkansas and
to pay the fees for the surveying of those home-
steads. They can then acquire homes and
enter upon a course of industry by which they
can provide a living for themselves and their
families.
The means of ascertaining how much should
be paid to them out of this $300,000 could be
ascertained by a direction to the agent who
has charge of their removal. There is no
trouble about that. According to the stipula-
tions of the treaty they were either to be pro-
vided with homes in the territory or were to
be provided with homes elsewhere by the Gov-
ernment, neither of which has been done.
They are not in default. There is no reason
for keeping them where they are and saying,
" We do so because we do not know how to
do any better." If we have made stipulations
in a treaty by which they were to be provided
for it is our duty to comply with those stipula-
tions on the best information we have, and that
information is through the Government agent
and the delegation from these colored people.
The information in regard to the number of
colored people there 1 understand is on file
in the department. We can get information
as to how many there are; and the amendment
of my colleague provides that only those are
to receive a share of this sum who actually are
removed from the territory. I do not see that
there is any probability that anybody will get
money who does not remove, or that any money
will be improperly paid to them; but those
who do remove certainly are entitled to this
money. All that receive it are compelled to
remove.
I understand from the agent that they are
greatly cramped in the territory on account
i of the violence of the Indians toward them.
| There seems to be no law controlling the
j action of those Indians, and they, having lost
the services of these colored people, are now
| to a great extent violent toward them; and the
! colored people want to go out of there and go
where they can have homes that will be quiet
and peaceable. I think the amendment to the
amendment ought to be adopted. If it is
deemed necessary it can be modified so as to
require the agentto make the necessary inquiry
before the money is paid over as to the num-
ber who are to be removed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On reading this treaty
it is quite obvious to me that Senators mistake
the effect of it. The Government does not agree
that at any time it will pay over this money to
these people. The simple provision of the
treaty is that if those nations do not make the
provision by their laws specified in the third
article after that time the money shall be held
j in trust for these colored people, not made
over to thetn, but held in trust for them ; and I
I suppose, therefore, we are to pay the interest
!! for their benefit. But the Government agree
i; that they will within a certain time remove
;} these Indians-—those who are willing to go out
>i of the territory. Now, then, what has the
!j Government to do? To remove the freed peo-
!: pie; not to pay them over the money? The
'j expense of their removal, I take it, is to be
; paid from this S300.000, and that will depend
j| on the number of men who are to be removed.
Now, what this amendment demands is that
