446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
we shall pay over the whole sum of this money,
with interest, to these colored people, or to
somebody for them—i did not observe the exact
phraseology of the amendment—and that after
that the Government, when they have paid over
all the money in their,hands and expended it,
shall beat the expense of removing the Indians
at their own charge. That is not what the
treaty means in any way, and I cannot accede
to a proposition of that description.
With regard to the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, I do not
understand it exactly. Itmay provide how the
money is to expended, but I do not see that it
does. It specifies the amount that is to be
paid. It is to be " distributed, per capita, after
a census of said beneficiaries shall have been
taken under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior." That maybe well enough. I do
not object to that phraseology. But there is
no provision whatever in the treaty with regard
to paying interest except for two years. What
I object t-o most strenuously is that at this
period, with the very little knowledge we have
of the exact state of affairs or how many would
have to be removed, we should pass all this
fund out of our hands and be left with the obli-
gation upon us to remove these people after-
ward, when it is perfectly manifest that all
that expense was intended to come out of the
money itself. We did not agree to pay the
money and remove them too, because the
obvious meaning of the treaty, in my judg-
ment, is that that fund is to bear the cost of
the removal.
Mr. McDONALD. I understand that under
this treaty these freedmen have no option.
They are obliged, by an article of the treaty,
to remove fnom the Indian country at any time
that the Indians see fit to require it; and owing
to that fact they are exceedingly anxious to get
out. By ray amendment it is left to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to decide in what way it
shall be disposed of, and to see that they are
removed. 'I have no objection whatever to
any provision that shall place this money in
such a shape that it will be appropriated for
no other purpose than the removal of these
freedmen.
Mr. FESSENDEjST. Then there is sufficient
power already without any appropriation.
Mr. McDONALD. If Iunderstand it, there
are no funds applicable to this purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is that very fund
of $300,000.
Mr. McDONALD. All we ask is that that
fund shall be paid and power given to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to carry out this treatv.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. He has the power.
The power exists now without any further legis-
lation on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ak-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ark-
ansas to the amendment moved by the Senator
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes nine, noes not counted.
The amendment was declared to be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iam not quite satisfied
with the declaration of the vote on that amend-
ment. If the Indian department or the Govern-
ment goes on and removes these Indians, as is
now desired, which may be done with very little
difficulty during the present year, as I under-
stand from the Senators from Arkansas, and
done without any trouble, then we shall not
owe them the sum of $300,000, and yet when
that obligation is resting on the Government,
and when they may expend so much of the
money, we are appropriating and paying inter-
est for nearly two years in advance, or for more
than one year in advance. How can that be
due at the end of the time if these freedmen
should bs removed? The obligation will not
then reston the<Jovernmentto pay thatamount
of money. We do not know how much they
will have to pay. They will hold it in trust.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the interest will be
due to these colored men continuously, the
same as it would be due to the Choctaws and
Cbickasaws, until the principal is paid. The
first part of article three of this treaty provides,
as I stated in the outset, for the sale of these
leased lands to the United States for the sum
of $300,000, and theu provides that this sum
shall be placed to the credit of the Indians, or
held in trust for these Indians and bear interest
at the rate of five percent, per annum until the
Choctaws and Chickasaws shall make certain
rules and regulations providing homes for these
colored men. After they should have made
those provisions for the colored men, the whole
of the $300,000 was to be paid to the Choctaw
and Chickasaw nations; but failing to do this—
I read the clause of the treaty:
"And should the said laws, rules, and regulations
not be made by the Legislatures of the said nations
respectively within two years from the ratification of
this treaty, then the said sum of $300,000 shall cease
to be held in trust for said Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations, and be held for the use and benefit of such
ofsaid persons of African descent as theUnited States
shall remove from said territory in such manner as
the United States shall deem proper; the United
States agreeing, within ninety days from the expi-
ration of the said two years, to remove from said
nations all such persons of African descent as may
be willing to removo; those remaining or returning
after having been removed from said nations to have
no benefit of said sum of $300,000 or«ny part thereof,
but shall be upon the same footing as other citizens
of the United States in said nations."
Taking this altogether, I think it is clear that
it was intended that these $300,000 should be
held by the United States in trust for such of
those Africans as should remove or be removed
by the United States ; that any part of them
who should refuse to remove, or who after
having been removed returned to their old
home among the Choctaws and Chickasaws,
were not to be included among the beneficia-
ries. This money is to be held in trust for them.
Now, the United States has not taken any steps
to remove these persons. This is a default on
the part of the Government, and not on the
part of these negroes. They doubtless would
have removed, a large part of them, if homes
had been provided for them elsewhere ; but as
the United States is in fault, and not the bene-
ficiaries of this trust, the committee thought
the interest ought to be paid to them for the
current year, and they included the amount for
the next fiscal year, because this is the only
appropriation bill that can be acted on until the
next session of Congress at least; it is the bill
making provision for these expenses for the
next fiscal year. If the Senator thinks there
would be danger in appropriating the interest
for the next fiscal year, which 1 do not per-
ceive, I am perfectly willing that that part of
the amendment shall be stricken out, and only
$15,000 appropriated for the year 1869. But
if that should be done, of course it will have
to be provided for in a deficiency. If I am
right in my construction of the treaty, that the
principal of this sum is to be held in trust for
those of them who consent to remove, if only
half of them were to remove the half that re-
moved would be entitled to the interest on this
$300,000. *
I may say to Senators that the Indians them-
selves insisted on this provision as an induce-
ment to the negroes to go. The Indians were
slaveholders. They were opposed to the lib-
eration of their slaves. The same animosity
sprang up between them and the negroes,
formerly slaves to the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws, that sprang up among white slaveholders
and their slaves, and they desired to so frame
this article as to compel the United States to
remove them, to compel the negroes to go,
and to deprive them of any benefit from this
fund if they should decline to go, as an induce-
ment to them to leave the country ; while the
officers of the Government negotiating the
treaty thought they ought to remain there and
be incorporated into and become a part of
these nations, believing it to be to the interest
both of the negroes and of the Indians that
they should do so. This may account for the
apparent conflict of the language, the Govern-
mentdesiring the Indians to receive the negroes
as a constituent element of theirnationality, and
the Indians struggling to induce the negroes
to leave the country. They have failed to enact
the laws necessary to provide homes for the
negroes in their country; and as the committee
suppose that this money is now held in trust
by the United States for the negroes, and that
they are entitled to the interest on it from year
to year, and one year has nearly elapsed, or will
elapse in August next, and as this bill, as 1 have
before remarked, purports to make appropria-
tions for the fiscal year ending July 1, 1870, it
was thought the interest for two years had bet-
ter be included.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt that
the first year's interest would become payable,
and perhaps an appropriation ought to be made
for that. As the fund is held in trust, of
course it includes the idea of paying interest;
but I think the Senator will rather endanger
the whole by putting them both in. If he in-
sists upon it I will not object -, but he must
take the risk.
Mr. HARLAN. I was instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report it as it
stands, and therefore do not feel at -liberty to
modify it unless the Senator insists on it. If
he should insist on that modification, of course
I would yield.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be
better. There will be time enough next ses-
sion to provide for the other. The second
year's interest from the present time does not
become due until August, 1870. Before that
time arrives we shall have ample opportunity
to make an appropriation, if it becomes neces-
sary. There will be other appropriation bills
before us in which that can be included, be-
cause we always adjourn at the long session
before August. I should think it would be
better, therefore, to appropriate for only one
year's interest.
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to reconsider the vote
by which this last amendment was agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to amend
the amendment so as to include only one year's
interest, from August 8, 1868, to August 8,
1809; so that it will read :
For this amount, being interest on $300,000 from
August 8,1868, to August 8,1869, for the benefit of
persons of African descent residing in the Choctaw
and Chickasaw nations, &c., $15,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer another amendment,
to insert after the amendment just adopted
the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the deficiency incurred in cariying
out trea-ty stipulations, making and preparing homes,
turujshmg piovisions tools, and farming utensils,
and furnishing food and transportation for bands of
Indians with which treaties have been made by the
Indian peace commission, and carrying their stipu-
lations into effect, under the supervision of Brevet
i :® X' Harney' incurred since October
1, looo, $-±oo, i o4 21.
I will state in explanation that this is simply
a deficiency incurred by the peace commission
who are in personal charge of the nine bands
of Sioux Indians to which reference has been
made in this discussion heretofore.
Mr. LESSEN DEN. I would suggest to the
Senator before we act upon it to strike out
the words^'the deficiency" and say u to pay
expenses incurred in carrying out."
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
change in the phraseology.
,The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would ask the Sen-
ator what data he has by which he arrives at
the sum named ?
Mr. HARLAN. We had various documents
and reports from the peace commission, includ-
ing a report and statement from General Har-
ney, who is in personal charge of these Indians.
No member ot the committee had stny doubt
