1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
that the expenses had been incurred. It would
seem to be perfectly established by the evidence
before the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. HARLAN. I now move to insertafter
the amendment just adopted the following :
For the payment of damages sustained by the citi-
zens of Niobrara township, Nebraska, by the action
of the GovernmentinmovingtheSanteeSiouxupon
their lands in the year 1868, as shall, after proper
investigation under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, who shall appoint a commission to as-
certain and report the amount of the damages sus-
tained, $15,000, to be divided pro rata in payment of
the claims to be found due, which shall be a final
settlement of said claims.
The Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer]
had this matter in charge; but I do not now
see him in his seat. The explanation, how-
ever, may be stated briefly thus: the San tee
Sioux Indians, who are the Indians that were
alleged to have been engaged in the massacre
in Minnesota, were removed from Minnesota
to Crow creek, on the Missouri river ; that is,
the women and children and old men were
moved there, and a considerable exp3nse was
incurred to provide for them. But it was as-
certained by an experience of three years that
the land they were located on was not fertile,
and the President of the United States directed
them to be removed down into the edge of
Nebraska on the Niobrara river, and set off to
them a district of public land. It was believed
at the time that the land was entirely unoc-
cupied ; but it turned out afterward that there
were a few inhabitants on the land who had
settled under the preemption and homestead
laws; and, as it is alleged, this amount is
necessary to pay them for the improvements
they had made, they moving off at the request
of the Government under a promise of course
not legally binding on the Government, but
nevertheless a promise, that the Government
would doubtless pay them a reasonable value
for the improvements they had previously made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there no recom-
mendation from the Department for this?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that we had
any recommendation or any estimate from
the Department. I regret that the honorable
Senator fromNebraskaisnothere. Thecom-
mittee acted on the faith of the statement made
by the honorable Senator from that State, not
now in his seat. I understand, however, that
last year the Department did estimate for it,
but from some cause it was not included in the
appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object to it.
There is no explanation from any proper quar-
ter in relation to the matter.
The amendment wa3 rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I give notice that I shall
offer it again in the Senate if the Senators from
Nebraska should come in, for I think they may
explain it more fully than I have done. I
move now the following amendment, to come
in at the same place :
For this amount, required for medallions of XI. S.
Grant, President of the United States, for distribu-
tion to Indian tribes, 85,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Appropriations thought it about time to put
an end to this contribution for medallions to
be presented to Indians. We could see no
good to arise from it. We might just as well
give them anything else. They sell them for
whisky, I suppose. I hope that item will not
be inserted.
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think it
had better be done. It has been done from
the foundation of the Government, I believe.
Certainly, as far back as I baveever examined
the lecords it has been done. Regularly each
four years medallions of the new President
have been struck in metal and sent out to the
chiefs of the Indian tribes with whom we are
in peaceful relations. It is a thing that they
look for. They learn that their great father
has gone out of power and a new one has come
in, and it is thought it has a good effect on the
disposition of the Indians to furnish them with
a representation of the face of the new great,
chief. They will expect it. and I rather think
the sum is very small and it had better be
appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied this " is a cus-
tom more honored in the breach than in the
observance." At an early day I lived in the
neighborhood of Indians and I have seen a
dozen of these medallions hung up in corner
groceries where they had been bartered off by
the Indians for whisky. It is of no value at
all. Once in a while an old fellow may carry
one for some years, but generally they soon
are lost or fall into the hands of the whisky
sellers, in my opinion.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the same place:
To supply deficiency of appropriation to pay for
depredations committed by Indians in northwestern
Iowa in the year 1857, $10,006 34.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like an ex-
planation of that.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment wasadopt-
ed by the Senate at the last session. It was
introduced then, I think, by my colleague. If
he will be good enough I should be obliged to
him if he would explain it.
Mr. GRIMES, in 1857 a hostile band of
Sioux Indians broke over from their reserva-
tions in Minnesota into the northern part of
Iowa and perpetrated a great many depreda-
tions. The Congress of the United States
recognized their liability to keep these Indians
within their jurisdiction and out of the State
of Iowa, and made an appropriation to pay the
expenses, which amounted to aboutjthirty thou-
sand dollars, and there is a deficiency of this
amount proved up against the Government, and
this appropriation is simply to pay that balance.
It was passed by the unanimous consent of the
Senate just before the expiration of the last
Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed to offer the
following amendment, to come in as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the unex-
pended balance now standing to the credit of the
Kansas tribe of Indians on the books of the Treas-
ury Department, appropriated for or belonging to
them for educational purposes, may be used, under
the direction of the superintendent of Indian affairs
for the central superintendency, in the purchase of
such articles of food and clothing as may in his dis-
cretion be thought necessary to relieve the most
pressing wants of said Indians, they being in a desti-
tute and suffering condition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask if
the Senator thinks we have any authority to
divert that money from one purpose for which
it is set aside to another?
Mr. HARLAN. I have not examined the
legal question suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator. It had not occurred to me. I am in-
clined to think that there will be no difficulty
on that point, as it is at the request of the
Indians. These Indians are about to be re-
moved from the State of Kansas to the Indian
territory. Their schools have been broken up,
so that the interest which has accrued for the
support of schools for two years, I think, last
past has riot been used. They are very poor;
they have but very little money to their credit,
and they really need something; and if we
were not to make this diversion the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs would have felt them-
selves in duty bound to propose an appropri-
ation for their relief directly from the Treasury.
But not to make that necessity they concluded
to assent to the request of the Indians to have
this accumulated interest on their school fund
used for their immediate relief.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section [three] two, line
five, after the word ''package," the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs instruct me to move to
insert "in the presence of the head men of
the tribe," and in line seven, after the word
"best," to insert "in the presence of the
agent or superintendent.'1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that those amendments have already
been made.
Mr. COLE. In connection with those words
I suggest that there be inserted also the words
" as far as practicable."
Mr. HARLAN. Those have been inserted.
Mr. COLE. They have been in connection
with the previous clause, but they should be in
that clause as well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be read as it now stands amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That all goods and merchandise furnished any
tribe or band of Indians under the provisions of any
act shall be turned over by the agent or superintend-
ent of such tribe or band to the chiefs of the tribe or
band in bulk and in the original package, as nearly
as practicable, and in the presence of the head men
of the tribe, to be distributed to the tribe or band,
bythe chiefs, in such manner as the chiefs maydeem
best, in the presence of the agent or superintendent:
Provided, Tirat said chiefs have observed their treaty
obligations with the Government as hereinbefore
stated.
Mr. COLE. The words " if practicable"
should be inserted after the words "in the pres-
ence of the head men of the tribe."
Mr. HARLAN. I offer another amendment,
to come in under the miscellaneous head:
For this amount, to pay the necessary expense of
transporting annuity goods purchased in 1868. under
the eighth aiticle ot' the treaty of June 1,1868, with
the Navajoes, $11,953 65.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has any notice been
given of that?
Mr. HARLAN. The committee have in-
structed me to offer it. It was not included
in the amendments that I gave notice of in a
body, a few days since, to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object to it.
Mr. HARLAN. If after an explanation is
made the Senator should avail himself of the
rule I cannot help it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say to the
Senator that I do not consider that I have the
slightest discretion about it, and I have so
stated to several Senators; that where the rule
of the Senate, which is positive, has not been
complied with, I do not consider myself author-
ized as chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to waive it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment being objected to is not in order, under
the rule.
Mr. HARLAN. It was estimated for by the
Department. Does not that bring it within
the rule ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
within the rule unless one day's notice hag
been given to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it can be taken out
of the rule, for it is to carry into effect a law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing is in order
that has not been submitted to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. I think if it is to carry into
effect an existing law or treaty it is in order.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the rule be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the thirtieth rule, as
follows:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be mado to carry out the provisions of
some existing law or some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate during that session, or moved
by direction of a standing or select committee of the
Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from the head
of some of the Departments; and no amendment
shall be received whose object is to provide for a
private claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.
"All amendments to general appropriation bills re-
ported from committees of tlie Senate proposing new
items of appropriation shall, one day before they are
offered, be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions; and all general appropriation bills shall be
referred to the said committee."
Mr. HARLAN. What is the decision of the
Chair? ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, is not in order.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following as an
additional section:
Sec. —- And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent of the United StaMs be apd he is hereby au-
tliorized to organize a board of cmnmicsioners, to
; consist of not more than ten persons, to be selected
