448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
by him from the members of the recognized religious
societies in the United States, eminent for their intel-
ligence und philanthropy, to serve without pecuni-
ary compensation, who may under his direction super-
vise and control the disbursement of any part of the
appropriations made by this act, including oontraots
contemplated thereby, whether for goods, provisions,
agricultural and domestic implements, and stock;
the erection of buildings for residences, school-
houses, and mills; the improvement of farms, the
removal of Indians; the organization of schools and
the employment of teachers, farmers, mechanics,
interpreters, and laborers; arid may remove any such
employ6s and employ others at discretion. And the
said board of commissioners shall have authority,
subject to the President's approval, to establish all
necessary rules and regulations respecting trade and
intercourse with Indian tribes, and may, when pres-
ent at any Indian agency or superin tendency .suspend
such agent or superintendent, or any trader, for mal-
feasance or misfeasance in office, for palpable incom-
petence, or such immorality as unfits him for such
position, and from and after such suspension such
suspended officer or trader shall cease to act as such
until the Presidentshall otherwise direct; and dur-
ing such suspension the said commission shall per-
form or appoint a suitable person to perform the
duties of such suspended officer, whereupon the said
suspended officer shall turn over to said commis-
sioners all moneys and property in his possession
and belonging to the United States, and take proper
vouchers therefor. And the President is hereby au-
thorized to divide the country occupied by Indian
tribes into districts, and to assign two or more of said
commissioneis to service in any one of such districts
respectively, and the eommissionersso assigned shall
in all matters pertaining to said district have all the
rights and authority conferred by this act on the
board of commissioners aforesaid. And to pay the
necessary expenses of transportation, subsistence,
and clerk hire of said commissioners while actually
engaged in said service, there is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $25,000. or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I send to the Chair an
amendment to that amendment which I hope
the Senator will accept. It simplifies it very
much, and I think it is all that is necessary to
accomplish the purpose.
Mr. HARLAN". Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the section
offered by the Senator from Iowa, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
v That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to organize a board of cominis-
fcioners, to consist of not more than ten persons, to
be selected by him from men eminent lor their intel-
ligence and philanthropy, to serve without pecuniary
compensation, who may under his direction exercise
control with the Interior Department over the
disbursement of the appropriations made by this act,
or any part thereof that the President may desig-
nate; and to pay the necessary expenses of trans-
portation, subsistence, and clerk hire of-said com-
missioners while actually engaged in said service,
there is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
ior ,i£eAsury ^ytherwise appropriated, the sum of
$2o,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I would be content per-
sonally with that modification. There has been
great complaint, however, in the country, which
has been reiterated in this Chamber, of the
manner in which funds have been disbursed,
growing out of a supposed want of integrity oil
the part of the agents and employes in this
branch of the public servic.e ; and it occurred
to me that if anything could be done to secure
the public confidence, even where that confi-
dence is not now secured, it would be bene-
ficial ; and in order that that confidence may be
secured, it seemed to me that such a board
ought to have the authority to remove employes
that they might find at the agencies and super-
inteudencies. They are at very remote points,
some of them, from the capital 5 some of them
are thousands of miles from the capital, and i
there is no means of rapid intercommunication
between the national capital and these agencies
and superinteudencies. If a commission were
appointed of benevolent gentlemen who would
take the trouble to visit these agencies., stay with
the Indians, and ascertain whether the public
funds are properly appropriated, it occurred
to me that it would be perhaps beneficial, after
they might on actual personal inspection find
that some bad men were employed either as
agents or farmers or mechanics or laborers
in connection with these Indians, to give them
power to suspend such persons. In that case
there might grow up a conflict between the
commissioners and the agent himself, the agent
being appointed by authority of law and regu-
larly commissioned by the President; and in
order to secure a radical reform in case any of
these evils should be found to exist, it occurred
to me that it might be well to authorize such a
commission to remove those, employes, that
part of them who are subject to removal by the
agent, and to authorize the commissioners to
remove them absolutely at their own discre-
tion, and in the case of agents and superin-
tendents to have authority to suspend them.
But I have no preconceived opinions on this
subject, and am perfectly willing to adopt what
may seem to be the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I have suggested
is quite satisfactory to tbe gentlemen who have
taken this matter in charge somewhat, or who
feel a great interest in it. They have no desire
to assume this authority. My own opinion is
that, as this is an experiment, we had better
let them try it at first, and any powers that
may be found necessary afterward, if the ex-
periment proves to be successful, may be con-
ferred hereafter. I think this would be more
satisfactory.
Mr. HARLAN. If this is agreeable to the
gentlemen who intend to take this matter in
hand under the direction of the President, I
of course shall not offer any objection to it,
and will accept it as a modification of my
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Maine is accepted by
the Senator from Iowa. The question is on
the amendment as modified.
Mr. CORBETi\ What is the number of
commissioners provided for?
Mr, FESSENDEN. Not more than ten.
Mr. CORBET']'. Will the appropriation
named be enough for ten ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not very par-
ticular about having any appropriation made.
They say that they do not trouble themselves
about that. I presume they would be willing
to pay their own expenses 5 but it was the
opinion of others that, if they gave their time
to it, it would not be just to compel them to
pay their expenses.
Mr. CORBETT. Of course they ought to
have their expenses paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all they pro-
pose. That is perfectly satisfactory.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that in the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Maine is the clause making an appropria-
tion for traveling expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, ROSS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to be inserted after line eleven
hundred and twenty, and to ask for its adop-
tion :
To enable the President to carry out the provisions
of the third article of the treaty of November 15,1861,
with the Pottawatomie Indians, as modified by the
treaty of March 29, I8ti6, by paying to certain mem-
bers of said tribe who have elected to become citizens,
in accordance with said treaties, the proportion of
the cash value of the Pottawatomie annuities to
which they may be entitled, the sum of $233,163 80,in
currency, and the sum of 6123.699 73, in gold, to be
paid out of the funds belonging to said tribe of In-
dians, or so much of said sums as may be necessary,
to pay the members of said tribe who have actually
withdrawn from their tribal relations, and under said
treaties have become citizens of the United States,
be, and thesame are hereby, appropriated: Provided,
That no part of said money due or belonging to minor
children shall bepaid to any person for said children
until such person shall have been duly appointed the
guardian or curator of such children, and shall have
executed bond with security as required by the laws
of the State of Kansas: And provided fvrthev, That
before the Presidentshall cause any money to be paid
out of this appropriation, or any patents tobeissued.
he shall cause evidence to be taken and shall besatis-
fied that the recipients are entitled to tbe same under
the aforesaid treaties, and he may require the Secre-
tary of the Interior to cause to be sold such propor-
tion of the bonds held by him in trust for said Indians
as may be necessary to comply witft said provisions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if
that is authorized by the Committee on Indian
Affairs?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir j it was considered by
the committer, and I was authorized to offer it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has notice been given
of it to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware of it.
Mr. ROSS. Notice was given three or four
days ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
it, and I should like to have some explanation
of it.
Mr. ROSS. This proposition is in pursu-
ance of a treaty stipulation made in 1861. In
that treaty these Indiana were authorized to
separate themselves from their tribe, to dis-
band their tribe in fact, and become citizens
of the United States. Last year a similar pro-
vision was made by which there was a division
of their fund made and six hundred of them
were made citizens. This year there are six
hundred and seventy-four more who have be-
come citizens, and now are citizens of the Uni-
ted States. They simply ask that this fund
shall be divided, and that they shall be paid
what is due them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
whether these people have complied with the
last provision of this treaty and become natur-
alized?
Mr. ROSS. They have been made citizens
by the courts in my State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision is, that
before making any such application as this,
they shall appear in open court and declare
their intention to become citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and this is to be done in the district
court of the United States, and not in the State
courts.
Mr. ROSS. They were naturalized in the
United States court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
this amendment. It has not been examined
by the Committee on Appropriations. I was
not aware that it was to be offered.
Mr. ROSS. The same thing was done last
year. This proposition is even more thoroughly
guarded than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it read once more.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. ROSS. This same proposition was
passed by the Senate at the last session, and
only failed in a conference committee between
the two Houses. It failed then in consequence
of a protest, if I may so term it, which has since,
I am credibly informed, been withdrawn. I
am satisfied that now there will be no objec-
tion on the part of the House. It passed
without a division in February last in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There seems to be a
reason in these treaties, which I cannot answer,
that some provision of this kind should be
made, and therefore I do not know that I
shall object to it. The Senator must take the
xisk of its consideration by a conference com-
mittee. I am confident it will not pass the
House.
Mr. ROSS. I am perfectly willing to take
that risk.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which was placed in the Indian bill at
the last session, and to which I presume there
will be no objection. It is to insert as an
additional section the following :
''' further enacted, That the appropriation
of ij-ll/,000, made to the State of Minnesota July 2,
1864. to supply a deficiency in the appropriation of
March 3,1863, for the costs, charges, and expenses
properly incurred by said Statem suppressing1 Indian
hostilities in the year 1862, be, and thesame is hereby,
extended to embrace such expenditures incurred in
the year 1863, to the amount of $12,408 04: Provided,
That only so much of such expenses shall bepaid
the State of Minnesota as shall be allowed by the
proper accounting officers under the twenty-second
section of the^ act approved March 3,18G3, entitled
' An act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1804, and for the year ending June 30,1863, and
lor other purposes."
I will say that this amendment has been
heretofore adopted by the Senate, is recom-
mended by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department, and appropriates no money.
