1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
country, there is no place for tliem to report
bnt to the southern.
Mr. PO-MIiROy. I think there will be no
harm in tlie amendment; but there maybe
some tribes remaining that are not removed,and
this might be an embarrassment to the depart-
ment in changing the superintendences. If it
is left without tins amendment the department
have power to do as they choose ; but if it is
put into the law that certain tribes shall be
included in a particular superintendency the
department will not be free.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to have one amend-
ment which has been adopted read again. I
have not been able to find it. I allude to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa,
which was amended at the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission from different religious
denominations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been adopted
already in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDES L The Senator from
Nebraska desires to have it read.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to hear it
read. I had an amendment that I intended to
offer to it, but was called out at the time it was
acted upon. There is no objection to its being
read, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted. That the Presi-
dent of the United States bo, and he i=; hereby, au-
thorized to organize a hoard of commissioners to
consist of not more than ten peison?, to he selected j
by him from men eminent for tlieii intelligence and
philanthropy, to serve Tvifhont peeun'aryeompensa-
11ou who may under ins direction exercise joint con-
trol with the InteriorDepartmentover the disburse-
ment of the appropii.itionf made by thi3 act, or nny
part thereof that the President may designate. And
to pay the neces^nry expenses of transportation, sub-
sistence, and clerk lure of said commissioners while
actually engaged in said service, there is hereby ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, ttie ?um of $25,000, or so
much thereof us ma> be necessary.
Mr. THAYER. I observe in the amend-
ment a provision that this commission is to
exercise joint control with the Interior Depart-
ment. Does that mean that the Indian offices
cannot exercise control unless this commission
shall cooperate with or assent to any measure
which the Indian offices may propose?
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as the President
orders ; and the President wili order probably
under the advice of the Interior Department.
Mr. THAYER. I have no amendment to
ofl'er.
The amendments were ordered to be en- i
grossed, and the hill to be read the third rime, i
The bill was read the third time, and parsed.
MESSAGU FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. G9) relating to buildings used for
military purposes in the city of New York ;
in which it requested the concurrcnce of the i
Senate. |
The message further announced that the ]
House hud passed the joint resolution (S. R. !
No. So) relating to Government buildings at
Fort Totten, Dakota Territory, with un amend-
ment j in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
HOUSE BILL R12FtfRIVED
The joint resolution (II. R. No. GO) relating
to buildings used for military purposes in the
oitv of New York was read twice by its title,
and ieferred to the Committee on Military
Allans.
UNION PACIFIC KAILHOAD.
Mr. TIIAYliR. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration oi the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 0) for the protection of the
interests of the United States m the Union
I'acihc Railroad Company, and ior other
purposes.
Mr. NYE. I would suggest to lh« Senator
from Nebraska that the chairman of the Cum-
^tittee on the Pacith* Railroad is out.
Mr. THAYER. I will say to my friend from
Nevada that i had an understanding with him
that I should get up this resolution if I could
obtain the floor. I told him that I would do
so, and he assented.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be
taken up.
Mr. THAYER. I will state that if the Sen-
ate agree to take up this joint resolution I will
then iavor going into executive session. I do
not expect action on it to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN". I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 2,1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LAND LITIGATION.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (,H. R. No. 3G6) to
prevent vexations hind litigation, and to pro-
vide for the satisfaction of meritorious claims
to land confirmed by an act of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
NAVIGATION OF NORTHERN LAKES.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan, relative to navigation between the
United States and Canada; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. FERRY also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the same Legis-
lature, urging upon Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress the importance of securing
certain Indians and other persons their rights
to Indian reservation lands in Muskegon county;
which was ieferred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. FERRY also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the same Legislature, instructing Sen-
ators and Representatives relative to Indian
reservations ; which was referred to the same
committee.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, what is the
order of business to-day?
The SPEAKER. The election case from
Pennsylvania pending at the adjournment yes-
terday is the first business in order, on which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna]
is entitled to the floor for forty-eight minutes
remaining of his hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Shall
we be entitled to a morning hour after the
election ca^e i^ disposed cl ?
The SPEAKER Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to give us a
niormno: hour and let the election case follow.
Mr. CESSNA. I am perfectly willing to do
anything to accommodate gentlemen it I can
do so wichont yielding my right to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that arrange-
ment. and I will state the reason.
The SPEAKER. There is no need of giving
the reason. An objection is sufficient.
MILITARY JBtTILDIXGS IN" NEW YOUiv.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from tbe Committee on Military Affairs
for action a joiut resolution ( EI. K. No. 09)
relative to buildings used for military purposes
in the city of New York.
The resolution was read for information. It
authorizes the Secretary of War to contract for
the purchase or lease of a suitable building or
buildings in the city of New York for the use
of the several staff departments of the Army
as offices and store-rooms, provided that by
so doing he can effect a saving of expense to
the Government.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this resolution?
Mr. BROOKS. Let the gentleman state the
reason for it.
Mr. LOGAN. The report of the Quarter-
master General shows that we are paying
$70,300 annual rent in the city of New York,
and he desires that something of this kind
should be reported, so that he may make an
effort, at least, to reduce expenses.
Mr. BROOKS. You will be likely to pay
more under a lease in the present condition of
property in that city.
Mr. LOGAN. This does not authorize the
Secretary to pay more.
Mr. BROOKS. Has it been well and thor-
oughly investigated by tlie committee ?
Mr. LOGAiS. The Secretary of War in-
forms me that, there have been two reports made.
Mr. BROOKS. My own impression is that
with Bedloe's Island and Governor'slsland tbe
Government owns property enough there.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 have no feeling about the
matter. The resolution is reported at the re-
quest of the Secretary of War for the purpose
of reducing the expenses if possible.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be'
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed 4o.
FOItT TOTTEN.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back with an amendment the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 33) relating to Government build-
ings at Port Tott.en, Dakota Territory.
The resolution authorizes the Secretary of
j War to direct the necessary buildings at Fort
Totten, Dakota Territory, to be constructed
of brick, provided that in his judgment build-
ings of that material will not be more expens-
ive than buildings of wood, and provided fur-
ther that no appropriation will be necessary
therefor.
The amendment of the committee was to
insert ana' the word ■' brick,'1 in line six, the
words " and to accept those at said fort already
constructed of brick."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading ; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
H LYE It AND IIAKBOll BILL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a biil
(H. R. No. 367) making an appropriation for
the improvement of rivers and harbors for the
fiscal year ending June 30, I860, and the year
ending June 30, 1870; which was read a tirsi
and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on tbe State of the Union, made
the order of the day for to-morrow after the
morning hour, and from day to day thereafter
; until disposed of, and ordered to be printed,
j WASHINGTON CANAL.
j Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous eonsent. in
I trodueedabill (H. R. No. 368) for the improve-
1 ment of the Washington canal; which wasread
