452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
a first and second time, referred to the Com'
raittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST HOGK VS. HEED.
Mr. CESSNA, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a written report on the con-
tested-election case from the third congres-
sional district of South Carolina, accompanied
by the following resolution :
Pesolved, That upon the papers referred to the
Committee of Elections in the contested ease of S. L.
Hoge John P. Reed, from the third congressional
district oi South Carolina, S. h. Hoge is prima facie
entitled to a seat in the House as theRepresentative of
said district, subject to the future action of the House
as to the merits of the case.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask to have the report laid
upon the table and printed ; and I give notice
that we shallask its consideration nextTuesday.
The report was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CESSNA. Two members of the com-
mittee desire to present the views of the minor-
ity. I ask that they may have that privilege.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
ELECTION CONTEST COVODE TS. FOSTER.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections
in the matter of the prima facie right to the
seat from the twenty-first congressional district
of Pennsylvania.
The pending question was upon resolutions
reported by the committee, which are as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That John Covode, upon the letter of
the Governor and papers relating to the election m
the twenty-first congressional district of the State
of Pennsylvania, referred by thrs House to this com-
mittee, has tho prima facie right to the vacant seat
from that district, and is entitLedto take the oath of
office and occupy a scat in this House as the Repre-
sentative in Congress from said district, without pre-
judice to the right oi Henry I). Poster, claiming to
liavo been duly elected thereto, to contest his right
to said seat upon the merits.
Resolved, That Henry D. Foster, desiring to con-
test the right of Hun. John Oovode to a heat in tiub
House ns a Representative from the twenty-first dis-
trict of the Sen to of Pennsylvania, be, and he is
hereby, lequired to seivc upon the said Covode,
within twenty days after the passage of this resolu-
tion, a particular statement of tho grounds of said
contest; and that the said Covode be, and be is
hereby, required to serve upon the said Poster his
answer thereto with'n twenty days thereafter; and
that both parties be allowed sixty days nextafter the
service of said answer to take testimony in support
of their several allegations and denials ; notice of
intention to examine witnesses to he given to the
opposite party at least five days beforo their exam-
ination, but neither party to give notice of taking
testimonv within less than five days between the
close of taking at ono place and its commencement
at another, but in all other respects in the manner
prescribed in the act of February .19,1851.
The SPEAKER slated that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] was entitled
to the floor for forty-eight minutes remaining
of his hour.
Mr. CESSNA. At the time when the House
was about to adjourn yesterday the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Welker] asked that I should
read the affidavits that were referred to the
committee by the action cf the House. That
evidence is very lengthy and would consume
entirely too much time at this stage of the dis
cussion. I will, however, send to the Clerk's
desk and have read a few of those affidavits, in
compliance with the request of the gentleman
from Ohio.
I cap state briefly, however, that it has been
established by these affidavits that illegal votes
to the number of some 300 were polled in the
district, and that in two at least of the elec-
tion precincts there were such gross irregu-
larities, frauds, and disorder as in the judg-
ment of the Governor to render it improperto
count their returns, and to make it necessary
to exclude them entirely. I will now ask the
Cierk to read the affidavits of Jesse Cham-
bers, John Stauffer, A. A. Johnston, Josiah
Palmer, and D. A. Bvers.
The Clerk read as follows:
Affidavit of Jesse Chambers.
"Westmoreland county, m/
^ Personally appeared before the undersigned, a
justice of the peaec in and for said county, Jesse
Chambers, whom I certify to be a citizen of said
county, and by me personally known to be a man
worthy of credit and belief, who being duly sworn
according to law doth depose an-t say that he is a
citizen of Unity township, and a legal and qualified
elector of Youngstown election district, which elec-
tion district is composed of a part of the said town-
ship of Unity in the said county ot "Westmoreland.
That he was born, raised, and has lived in said town-
ship all his lifetime; that he is well acquainted with
nearly all the regular and bona fide citizens of said
election district; that he was at the general election
held therein on Tuesday, loth day of October, 18GS;
that he was there on tkat day nearly if not quite all
the time from the time the election opened m the
morning until the polls closed; that he sawalaige
number of persons at said election that henever saw
before; that these persons, or atleastmostof thein,
voted at said election; that this deponent,-as well as
several other persons, challenged" the right of said
persons to vote at the time they presented their votes
to the election board; that the said board of elec-
tion officers refused to pay any attention to said chal-
lenges until late in theafternoon; thatmany of said
strangers whose votes were challenged were not put
upon their path as to their residence i.u the State the
time required by the election laws of this State, nor
were they required to prove thatthey had been resid-
ing in tho election district ten days before said elec-
tion ,* that this deponent resides within one half mile,
or thereabouts. Irom the monastery in said district,
where most of these strange voters claimed to reside;
that lie saw at least one of these with his carpet-bag
in his hand on his way to said monastery on the
morning previous to said election; that he never
saw said individual about said lm-tuuuon before,
and that a qualified eleetoi challenged the vote of
that person on the morning ot the election; that the
said stranger's vote was received by the said election
board without requiring any proofs as to lesidence;
that said election board (inspectors and judge) were
all Democrats; that this deponent andotners looked
for and could not find any list of taxable inhabit-
ants of said election distriot such as the law re-
quires to be posted up thirty days beiore the elec-
tion ; that no list of the extra or ten-day assessment
could be found by this deponent or by several other
Republican voters of ttie district prior to and during
the day of said election; that this deponent was
and is informed that no such list of ten-day or extra
assessment was filed m the office of the county com-
missioners prior to the election ; that there were no
public works or any otherlegitimate.reasuii why the
vote in said district should be or could be legally
increased, except a few bricklayers at the new build-
ing being erected atthenunneryinsaiddistriet; tnat
such inciease as in this deponent's opinion might be
legally made m the vote in said district would not
exceed eight or ten; that trorn this deponent's knowl-
edge of the election laws ot this State he verily be-
lieves said laws were openly and flagrantly violated,
and iiieg.il and fraudulent votes polied at said elec-
tion ; that this deponent, from all the circumstances,
believes that over iorty ten-day or extra assess-
ments wore made by the assessor of said district of
peisons who pietended to leside at said monastery,
but whose names this deponent could not ascertain,
because the list ot the same could nowhere be found ;
that he believes from the parties with whom these
strangers weie in company at the election, and fiom
whom he believes they received their tickets, that
they voted for H. I). Poster for Congress and lor the
nominees of the Democratic party.
JESbE CHAMBERS.
Sworn to and subscribed before mo this 29th day of
Ootober, 1868.
H. OURSLER,
Justice of the Peace,
Affidavit of John Staujfer.
Westmoreland county, ss:
Before me, John McCright, a justice of the poace
in and lor the county ot Westmoreland, personally
appeared John Stauifer, known to me to be the per-
son represented, who, being first duly sworn accord-
ing to law, deposes and pays that he is over thirty
years of ago, and has lesided in Unity township,
Westmoreland county, lor more than twenty years;
that he is a citizen ot the United States and of the
State ot Pennsylvania; that he has been a voter m
said county and at Youngstown precinct every year
for about twelve j*eais; that he is acquainted with
most of the citizens resident in said precinct, having
often met them in daily business and at the polls.
This aiiiant further pays that on tho 13th day of the
present month he attended the election at said
Youngstown precinct, and was present at the polls
during the whole day and took caictul note of the
proceedings; that early in the day this affiant saw
large numbers of strangers whom this affiant never
saw before, and who he believes were notlegal voters
nor eitizons of this district, around the polls and
voting thereat; that this affiant's notice was called
to one person shortly after the polls were opened
who seemed anxious to vote, and when he offered
his ballot he (affiant) challenged said poison's righf
to vote on the grounds of his not being a citizen, and
anon-resident, but the judge and inspectors of elec-
tion took no notice of afiiant's challenge, and the
person was permitted to vote without any questions
being asked or showing any naturalization papers.
Tbis affiant further deposes that he during the day
challenged many voters, in conjunction with Jesse
D.Chambers, to the number of at least thirtr per-
sons, who he believes wore non-residents, and who
had been brought into this precinct for the purpose
of voting the Democratic ticket, but in nearly all
cases where this affiant challenged persons no atten-
tion was paid to the challenges, button thecontrary,
this affiant told in leplyto his challenges by
John B. tfibson, one of the inspectors' at said polls.
that this affiant "must leave the window; that
they [the officers] were going to let them vote just as
we please."
'lhis aiiiant states that all or nearly all persons
who came up and offered to vote the Democratic
ticket were permitted to do so regardless ot chal-
lenge or remonstrance, while men who had been
legal voters for many years in the district were
obliged to go home and bring their citizen papers,
because they were Republicans. During the aiter-
noon of election day this affiant says that in some
tew instances the judge and inspectors did require
Democrats to show their papers, but in many cases
all they required was that the peison applying to
vote should draw iorth a bundle or envelope of
papers and hold them up, whereupon, without look-
ing at the contents of said papers or any examin-
ation of their purport, they were permitted to cast
their ballots.
This affiant further states that from the manner in
which the two tickets were printed the Democratic
ticket was easily distinguished from the Republican
ticket,so that allmight know how others were voting;
and alter many attempts to challenge voters, and
finding all efforts of himself and other Republicans
disregarded by the officers of election, this affiant
ceased to challenge or remonstrate against those
voting who tney believed were not citizens, for affiant
saw that all efforts to sccure an honest ballot were
fruitless. This affiant heard of other Republicans
being threatened with arrest and imprisonment by
the election officers, because they insisted upon their
right to challenge.
This affiant luither states that during the wholo
day the otiicers of election discriminated in favor of
Democrats, and to the pu-judice of Republicans';
that many foreigners who could not speak the Eng-
lish language, and who bore every evidence of hav-
ing been here but a short time, were readily permit-
ted to vote without Question it they only bore in tneir
hands the Democratic ucitet; and that large num-
bers of illegal votes were polled lor said Democratic
party through fraud.
AU of which this affiant avers is true to the bestof
his knowledge and belief.
JOHN STAUFFER.
Sworn and subscribed to before me, a justice of the
peace, thisl9ch day ot October, A. I>. 1868.
JOHN MeCRIGHT,
Justice of the Peace.
Supplemental Affidavit of John Stauff'er.
JohnStaulTer, in addition to the foregoing affidavit,
makes this supplemental affidavit, which ho wishes
and makes part ot the original statement:
That affiant saw no assessment list whereby itcouid
be ascertained who were voters and who were not;
and he verily believes that no copy of the extra
assessment list was to be found on the ground or
about tho polls. JOHN STAUFFER.
Affidavit of A. A. Johnston.
Westmorland county, s$:
.Before mo, John McCright, a justice of the peace,
personally appeared Armstrong A. Johnston, well
known to me, who, being duly sworn, deposes and
says that he is acitizenof Westmorelandcounty, and
has resided here .ill his life—for a period of fitty-six
years; that.he has heard read the foregoing affidavit
of John Stauffer, and so tar as the same relates to
the appearance of many strangers at the polls upon
election day ; the disregard ot the election officers
to challenges by Republicans; the discrimination in
favor of Democrats; and the absence of tho assess-
ment lists, he (affiant) lully corroborates the state-
ments made by said Stauffer. This affiant further
states that he (affiant) took two young men, both
Republicans, by the names of John and Jesse Mc-
Clarron—both, I believe, were legal voteis of tins
precinct, having paid taxes within two years, as re-
quired by law—before the judge and inspectors of the
Youngstown precinct, and said voters were rejected
by said officer? because said McClnricns could not
swear that they had been assessed, although they
were wnlmgto prove that they had paid their taxes
as requiied by law; that while this affiant was at-
tempting tn provethatsaid MeClarrens were entitled
t° vote, he (affiant) was ordered away from the win-
dow by thejudgeof election, said judgesaying: "If
you do not leave this window I will put the constable
on you." This affiant, believing that nothing could
be effected by his rcmons ranco toward securing a
fair ballot by reason ot the bias and prejudice ot the
officers of election, he (affiant) took no fuithcr part
in and made no further efforts in that direction ; and
further deponent saith not.
A. A. JOHNSTON.
Sworn and subscribed to before ine, a justiceof the
peace, this Idcli day of October, A. 1"). 186S.
JOHN MeCRIGHT,
Justice of the Peace.
Affldavii-i of Jotiah Painter and JD. A. Byers.
State op Pennsylvania, City of Pittsburg, ss:
On this i!0ih day of October, A. D. 1868, personally
appeared Jo-iah Palmer, a citizen and qualified
elector of Dunbar township, in theeounfy ol Fayette
and State aforesaid, who, being duly swuinaccoi ding
to law, doth on his oath say:
I am a. citizen and qualified elector in Dunbar
township, Fayette county, and was at tho general
election held in said township on Tuesday, the 13th
day of October, 1808; that I went to tho said eleotion
on the said day between the hours of seven and a
half and eight ©'block in the morning; that when I
arrived at the ground, whjch 1 am satisfie \ was
before eight o'clock, I found the eleetiou board
