THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
be considered as such. It never was consid-
ered as such, and does not purport on its face
to be a proclamation.
But again, the letter describes for itself what
it is founded upon, and it is not founded upon
returns, which are the only legal foundation
under the laws of the State of Pennsylvania
for a proclamation declaring the election of
members of Congress, but it is by its very
terms declared to be founded upon the affida-
vits which are referred to in the letter. These
affidavits are papers which are unknown to the
election law of Pennsylvania, and they there-
fore furnish no legal warrant whatever for the
action of the Governor.
Again, this letter does not state the fact
which alone the Governor of Pennsylvania is
authorized by the law of the State to declare
by his proclamation. The law is explicit. He
is to declare the persons who are returned as
elected. Nothing of that kind is attempted in
this letter, but simply, after stating the fact
that it is accompanied by affidavits, he says,
these affidavits "indicate" the election of Mr.
Covode.
There is a further important consideration in
this case. By another section of the election
law of Pennsylvania it is made the duty of the
Governor, in the election of electors for Pres-
ident, to declare by proclamation the persons
elected ; while in the election of members of
Congress he is to declare by proclamation the
persons who are returned as elected, making
a distinction which is very important.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. He states that the law of
Pennsylvania requires the Governor to pro-
claim who is returned as elected. Did he not
make that proclamation ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Certainly he did, and
having made that proclamation, he had noth-
ing further to proclaim. And his letter, there-
fore, in which he speaks about the indication
of the person who is elected, is entirely out-
bide of the authority of law.
.Mr. SCOFIELD. Thequestion I put is only
preliminary to what I rose to ask. The gen-
tleman says that the Governor made procla-
mation that no person was returned.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Not exactly that, but
that no returns had come to his hand which
would enable him to declare who was returned
as elected.
Mr. BURR. No such returns.
Mr. CHURCHILL. No such returns.
Mr. SCOETELD. The law of the United
States provides which of the persons claiming
the seat from Pennsylvania shall have it in the
first instance, atid that is the person whom the
Governor shall proclaim or certify to have been
returned. The Governor's proclamation or
certificate is that no person was returned to
him as elected. The law, then, of the United
States is not supplied. The law of Pennsyl-
vania is not supplied, because nobody, accord-
ing fo the certificate of the only person whom !
the law authorized to pass upon that question, '
was returned to him. The whole matter then J
comes to the House, and the question is, what i
shall we do? The returns, if the Governor is I
to be believed, are wanting. The proelama- I
tion is wanting. Now, will the gentleman keep J
the seat vacant until another election can be
held, or upon what evidence will he decide the
case? I-Ie says we must not, take these affi-
davits, we must not explore the precincts, as !
they did in the case of Butler vs. Lehman,
where the House sustained a Democratic Gov-
ernor in putting a Democrat in. How, then,
wilt he do it?
Mr. CHURCHILL. It is very easy to an-
swer that question. Thereare, as I said before,
three sources of evidence of the prima facie
riiHit to a seat here. The resolution of the
House limited ns to one of those sources and j
to certain other papers unknown to the elec- !
tioti laws of Pennsylvania. I say that until i
we are relieved of that restriction, and have '
gone beyond that resolution and inquired j
whether the other two sources of evidence do i
not exist, and whether they may not throw :
some light on this question, it is entirely im-
proper that we should pass on the case.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I must decline to be
interrupted further. I am speaking under a
disadvantage here, because the majority did
not choose to present their case here in the
opening, and the minority are obliged to start
with a defense of their minority report instead
of answering the views of the majority, and
therefore I must beg to be allowed to continue
my argument without interruption.
As to the affidavits which accompany the
letter of the Governor, and which with that
letter are the only evidence which there is in
the case, we say, in the first place, that these
affidavits were not authorized to be taken by
any law of Pennsylvania. There is nothing in
the laws of Pennsylvania which even hints at a
right, in determining a case of this kind, to take
such affidavits. In the second place, in making
these affidavits the affiants incurred no risk
whatever; because an indictment for perjury
could not be maintained even though the con-
tents of the" affidavits were entirely and will-
fully false. They were voluntary affidavits,
and as such they come here with none of that
sanction as to their truth which is due to affi-
davits made under the authoiity of law.
Mr. Speaker, it is true that the Governor
in his letter says that these affidavits indicate
the election of Hon. John Covode, and I have
no doubt that the Governor had in his mind
certain other facts, which have not come to'
the knowledge of the committee, and upon
which, therefore, they could not act, which,
taken in connection with these affidavits, did
at the tune seem to indicate his election. But,
so far as the affidavits themselves are concerned,
1 insist that they do not indicate at all the elec-
tion of Hon. John Covode. The Governor,
in this letter of February 23, 1809, refers to
these affidavits alone as indicating his election.
Now, these affidavits show that twelve persons,
who apparently from the affidavits were enti-
tled to vote at this election, offered to vote for
Hon. John Covode for Representative in the
Forty-First Congress and were not permitted
to vote. They show further that one vote was
found at one of the election precincts in the
''State box," as it is called, and that it was
not counted for Hon. John Covode. And they
show further that one person, who it will be
inferred from the affidavits desired to vote for
Covode, was prevented from so voting by the
threats of his father. With the exception of
these fourteen votes, I insist that there is not
one particle of evidence in these affidavits that
another person voted or offered to vote in this
congressional district last fall for Hon. John
Covode ; and I ask my honorable friend and
colleague oil the committee from Pennsylva- j
ilia [Mr. Cessxa! to tell me where he finds the [
evidence of a single person having voted for !
Mr. Covode in this district last fall, or offered j
so to vote, with the exception of the fourteen ;
persons to whom I have referred?
Mr. CESSNA. I did not hear the gentle-
man distinctly. Does he want me to answer
his question at this time?
Mr. CHURCHILL. I would like to have
the gentleman point to the testimony, and I
would yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. CESSNA, tdo not desire to say a word
unless the gentleman intended his question as
an interrogatory.
Mr. CHURCHILL. It is an interrogatory,
but I cannot yield much time now.
Mr. CESSNA. Very well. I will answer
hereafter when I come to close the case.
_Mr. CHURCHILL. Very well; I will call
his attention to the fact, and will have him
answer it at the proper time. What I say is,
that there is no evidence in the affidavits "that
more than these fourteen persons voted or
offered to vote for lion. John Covode at this
election.
It further appears that some thirty paupers
voted at this election, and probably voted for
Hon. Henry D. Foster; and it also further
appears that some nine minors so voted, and
that some fifty or sixty non-residents prob-
ably so voted : that altogether something like
two or three hundred persons, assuming these
affidavits to be true, voted at this election
for Hon. Henry D. Foster who were not en-
titled to vote ; but there is no evidence before
us as to how many votes were counted for
Henry D. Foster at this election ; and there-
fore we have nothing before us to show that
even if every one of these alleged improper
votes were rejected Mr. Foster is not still
elected, or that if all the votes alleged to have
been prevented from being cast would if cast
have elected Mr. Covode.
These are the facts brought to our knowl-
edge by these affidavits. I say that the Com-
mittee of Elections, by the resolution of the
House, are without the necessary elements for
the determination of this question of the prima
facie right to a seat.
It is claimed or intimated in the report of
the majority of the committee that the resolu-
tion passed by the House on the 6th of March
gave to these papers somevalue other than what
legally belongs to them. I submit that that
certainly was not the intention of this House ;
that it could not have been the intention of
this House ; and it certainly could not have
been the intention of the honorable gentleman
who now occupies the chair, [Mr. Dawes,] and
who has for so many years presided over the
deliberations of the Committee of Elections of
this House, and who offered the resolution of
the 5th of March, and whose character is suffi-
cient warrant that it was not intended that the
Committee of Elections of theForty-First Con-
gress in deciding this case should be governed
otherwise than by legal evidence valued at its
precise legal weight.
Now, much as we may desire to see our friend
here, the honorablegentleman who lately rep-
resented the twenty-first congressional district
in Congress, we cannot adopt the report of the
majority ofthe Committee of Elections without
in the first place refusing to inquire for proper
evidence of prima facie right, which we must
presume to exist from the laws of Pennsyl-
vania, and which we know to exist from the
fact that a part of that evidence is in posses-
sion ofthe House. And we must not only do
this, but in addition we must receive as evi-
dence papers warranted by no law, sanctioned
by no precedent, and in receiving which we
shall establish a precedent which at some
future time, when this Huuse is more equally
divided than it now is between the political
parties, may change and unjustly change the
whole course of the legislation of Congress.
Much as wc may value the services which have
heretofore been rendered and which we hope
may hereafter be rendered by the honorable gen-
j tleman who is now claiming this scat, they would
j be d early purchased by a decision which was
; contrary to all the law and precedents which
have heretofore governed this House in the
decisions of'cases of this kind.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not occupy the nt
tention of the House for many minutes, and I
do so even for a. short time only because, hav-
ing discussed this question somewhat upon the
motion of reference, I am requested to do so
by some gentlemen. I admit what I he gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ciiritf'ini.i.] has
stated, that there are some difficulties surround-
ing this ease. If there were none, then as a
matter of course it never would have been here
as a controverted case. 'There is an old phrase
about the !! glorious uncertainties of the law."
I here are also uncertainties in regard to facts,
and it is because of those uncertainties of fact,
that this question comes before Congress.
W hat have we to determine now in this case,
admitting the existence of ail the difficulties
which thegentleman from New York has stated :
what has this House to pass upon ? Not upon
forms, because as the gentleman has properly
stated the forms which the law requires are
wanting ; they are not here. If wo had had all
these forms, then the Clerkof the House would
have placed the name of one or the other of
