#56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Me. WOODWARD. Do I understand the
gentleman to state to the House that I asked
the House to decide that Mr. Foster would be
entitled to his seat because he had the certifi-
cate of two of the three return judges? Is
that the statement ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. My colleague moved that
these papers be referred to the committee with
instructions to say who was entitled to the seat
prima, facie.
Mr. OODWARD. From all the evidence.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In his argument he
claimed that the attorney general of Pennsyl-
vania had formerly decided that the majority
of the return judges could make a prima facie
case, and that according to that opinion, in
which I understood the gentleman concurred,
the prima facie case would be with Mr. Foster.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the gentleman means
to say that I asked the House to refer to the
Committee of Elections the official returns of
the election in the twenty first district which
Governor Geary had sent to the Clerk of this
House he is right, and it was on his motion
that this House refused that act of justice to
the parties. I did not ask the House to decide
anything, but simply to refer that evidence to
the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. To refer them, with in-
structions to say which party was entitled to
the seat prima facie, and his argument was
that the returns of the two Democratic return
judges, being a majority, according to the opin-
ion of the attorney general of Pennsylvania,
would give Mr. Foster the seat. It was against
that conclusion that I was arguing.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have the record here
of that day's proceedings. Will the gentleman
allow mo to read it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman will have
plenty of time hereafter. I cannotyield for him
tu read from the Globe just now. I struggled
against committing the committee to any such
proceeding as that. The papers are all before
the House, and any gentleman has a right to
base his judgment either upon the original
Proclamation of the Governor, or his supple-
mental letter, or upon the affidavits that are
filed by him, or upon the decision of the three
return judges, just as they see fit.
ThegentlemanfromNew York [Mr. Church-
ill] says further, if I understood him aright,
that these legal returns were not referred to
the committee. I also understood him to say—
ut least such is the fact—that there were no
legal returns here: there are ©nly some con-
flicting returns, not returns upon which the
Governor could base a certificate.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The supposition was
I hat there are in existence legal returns, and
that they are in possession of the officers of
this House, from the fact that the Governor in
bis letter of the 3d of December stated that he
had sent to this House all the returns which he
had received from the twenty-first congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania; but the torm
<>('the resolution instructing the Committee of
Elections iu this case excludes the committee
from the examination of these returns, because
we are required to report upon certain papers
which do not include these returns, and also
do not include the certificate of election, which
it was the duty of the board of the return
judges to have given to one or the other claim-
ant of this seat.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The House now has the
proclamation of the Governor, in the firstplace,
saying that there were no legal returns upon
which he could base a certificate. Then we
have the letter of the Governor, which the gen-
tleman from New York argues very seriously
is not a proclamation—and nobody ever thought
it was—which letter states that from an exam-
ination of the affidavits he (the Governor) has
come to the conclusion that Mr. John Covode
is probably elected. We have the returns of
the district judges, two of them certifying that
Mr. Foster received a majority of 41 votes, and
the other judge certifying that Mr. Covode re-
ceived a majority of 325 voles.
From all these facti we must come to a con-
clusion as to who we think is probably elected,
and that man will be put in the seat pending
the contest. It is only a preliminary question,
as a matter of course. The mau who we de-
cide is probably elected will hold the seat,
and then upon a fuller examination, when both
parties can be heard and depositions taken, we
will examine the whole case.
Now, if I had come to the conclusion from
anything I saw iu the ease that. Mr. Foster
had really been elected by a majority of the
legal voters of that district I would not now
vote for the resolution reported by the majority
of the Committee of Elections ; but from all
the evideuce we have, from all the circum-
stances surrounding this case, my mind comes
to the conclusion that Mr. Covode was really
elected by the people, and that upon a careful
scrutiny of the votes it will turn out that he
received a large majority of the legal votes
cast in that district at that election. I have
stated that in the township of Dunbar Mr.
Foster got about 100 more majority than his
party usually gives. The same was also true,
under somewhat similar circumstances, in the
township of Youngstown.
When the presidential election took place,
in November, Mr. Seymour received some-
thing like 575 votes less for President than
Mr. Covode received the month before for
Congress ; so that if Mr. Covode had been
running against Mr. Seymour, and had received
as many votes as he received for Congress, he
would have had a majority of 574 votes over
Seymour. At the presidential election the
Democratic vote fell off nearly six hundred,
between five and six hundred, while the Re-
publican vote fell off only about one hundred.
I come to the conclusion, therefore, from these
facts, that Mr. Covode really was elected by a
majority of the qualified voters of that district,
and is entitled to a seat in this House until we
can examine the case more particularly and
ascertain who is really entitled to the seat.
Mr. STILES. I would ask the gentleman
how he ascertains the fact that Mr. Covode
had a majority of all the votes?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have been stating here
at some length how I come to that conclusion.
I come to the conclusion because the friends
of Mr. Foster only claim that he had a ma-
jority of 41 votes, and it is shown by these
affidavits that in the township of Dunbar alone
there were probably 100 fraudulent votes cast
for Mr. Foster, and in the township of Youpg-
town a large number of fraudulent votes were
cast for him. And it, was the same way to a
considerable extent all over the district. I do
not know what other evidence the gentleman
expects mo to produce; I have none except
what is on file. I now yield to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peteus.]
Mr. PETERS. I have carefully reviewed
the two reports in this case in their legal as-
pect, and I am brought to the conclusion that
Mr. John Covode lias the prima facie right to
a seat in this House. The report of the Dem-
ocratic minority of the committee, if I may so
style it, is a very fine piece of reasoning against
the original resolution referring the case to the
Committee of Elections. The report of the
Democratic and Republican minority of the
committee I think is inconclusive upon the
resolution and facts submitted in this case.
Now, to start at the beginning, the commit-
tee was directed by the House what to do.
The resolution of the House is mandatory,
absolute, and not at all discretionary. It is a
direction to the Committee of Elections to
ascertain, not whether any person has & prima
facie right to this seat; not to ascertain who
is really entitled to it, if anybody; but it is
a direction to them to ascertain from three
sources of evidence who has the prima facie
right to it. We know from notoriety and from
these papers that the person entitled to it must
be either John Covode or Mr. Foster. Is there
any pretense that according to these papers,
according to these sources of evidence, Mr.
Foster is entitled to the seat? Why. there is ,
not a scintilla of testimony in his behalf from '
the beginning to the end. But I say the House
directed the committee to find not whether
Mr. Covode is entitled or whether Mr. Foster
is entitled, but virtually which of the two is
entitled.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there have been given
to us three sources of evidence on which to
found our conclusion. The resolution referred
to the committee—
" So much of the proclamation of the Governor of
Pennsylvania, dated November 17, 1868, as to the
election of Representatives in the twenty-first dis-
trict of said State, and the letter of said Governor,
dated February 23,1869, relative thereto, together
with the papers referred to in said letter, with in-
structions to report to the House what person, accord-
ing to said proclamation, letter, and papers, is en-
titled prima facie to represent said twenty-first dis-
trict in the Forty-First Congress, pending any contest
that may arise concerning the right to such repre-
sentation."
The committee are directed not only to ascer-
tain who is entitled prima facie to the seat,
but todeterminethe question according to three
sources of evidence—no more, no less—and
those were the proclamation, the letter, and the
papers accompanying the letter. Now, I say
that those three sources of evidence, on a fair
legal construction, although it may be some-
what strict, lead logically to the result that that
honest old man, the " lather of this Houses-
John Covode—is entitled to hold a seat in this
Congress. I say the committee were to decide
from these papers who is entitled prima facie
to the seat. Of course the committee were not
bound to report a conclusion repugnant to
reason and common sense. But, subject to
that limitation, they were bound absolutely to
say from these papers who is entitled to this
seat.
The first piece of evidence, the proclama-
tion, if standing alone, could of course have
no very great force in the decision of this ques-
tion. The next piece of evidence is what is
called the letter of the Governor. You may
call it a proclamation, or you may call it a
letter. You may stj'le it what you please. It
was intended to be a public paper. It was
signed by the Governor as such.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The time of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] has expired.
Mr. PETERS. I was not aware what time
was allotted to me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that by agreement the time allowed
to each member has been limited to thirty
minutes, and that the Chair is expected to
enforce that agreement.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. PETERS. I hope I may be allowed a
few minutes more to complete my explanation.
Mr%RANDALL. I have no objection, if it
be deducted from the time of some gentleman
on the same side of the question.
Mi*. CESSNA. I will give the gentleman
froni Maine five minutes out of the time to
which I shall be entitled to close the debate.
_Mr. PETERS. I say that this second piece
ot evidence, the letter of the Governor, was
intended by him to be a public paper. It is
signed by him as such ; it is sent to this House
as such ; it goes upon our files as such. It has
been received as evidence. The House, by its
resolution^ has stripped this matter of all tech-
nicality. This paper must, have force if it is
[ capable of any reasonable interpretation.
Having been placed before the committee as
evidence, it is to be received as having some
weight when we are seeking to reach a decision
upon this question.
I have no doubt, from the case cited in the
report and on this floor, that the Governor had
the right to issue this second proclamation or
letter. I he precedent cited sustains his action.
I know it is urged in the able report of the
minority that in the case referred to it was
ascertained by a legal investigation, by a trial
before a jury, that a forgery had been com-
mitted. But that was only one species of the
evidence at which the Governor wa~, at liberty
to look ; and Governor Geary has as much
