1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457-
riglit to satisfy himself by one species of evi-
dence as Governor Packer had to satisfy him-
self by another.
It is urged, also, tliat this paper does not
bear the great seal of the State, and is not
issued in the name of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. But those are matters of style,
form, fashion; and to insist on such matters
is often foolish. This paper has ail the mate-
riality of a proclamation ; and it is directly to
the point. 'Ihe form of the document is not
material. Oftentimes in drawing a deed we
use hundreds of words which are mere surplus-
age. Chancellor Kent says that the words,
"I hereby convey to A B and his heirs for-
ever a parcel of land," constitute a good deed
if the seal is attached. It is before the House,
and it is entitled to some weight. It is to be
regarded as'in the nature of a quasi proclama-
tion. Now, here is a third kind of evidence.
Here are the accompanying papers, fifty pages,
showing fraud and violence in the conduct of
this election to such a degree that there should
be thrown out from the vote for .Mr. Foster at
least 100 votes.
But the question is asked, ''How are you
going to tell how many votes are necessary to
elect Mr. Covode? You say it is 11; but that
is only by notoriety. There is no record before
the House." I will admit that there is no direct
evidence. I know the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woouivabd] tried to get it into
this resolution, and I am sorry for Mr. Covode,
so far as that is concerned, that it is not here.
But it seems to me there is evidence sufficient
when you take these papers in connection with
tne evidence of the Governor, who had exam-
ined the returns and knew the result of them,
and who says that they indicate the election
of John Covode. When this is put before the
committee I regard it as evidence entitled to
at least some weight. There is no reasonable
interpretation or weight that you can give it
unless it is taken in connection with the letter,
and when he says in his official capacity that
the returns indicate the election of John Co-
vode, cannot the committee and the House also
say that these papers indicate that fact?
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. PETERS. I have not time to yield
even for a minute.
Mr. WOODWARD. I merely want to supply
a fact to which the gentleman alluded from the
record.
Mr. PETERS. I take no part of the recoid
except as it i^ found by implication in the let-
ter of the Governor.
Mr. WOODWARD. I want simply to read
the resolution I offered.
Mr. PETERS. I have not time. I wioh to
say, then, as 1 have only a moment longer, that
there is evidence in connection with the letter;
and taking first the proclamation, next the let-
ter, and third the affidavits, they indicate that
Mr. Covode has a prima facte title to the seat
under the resolution, which is mandatory ; and
of course nobody would affirm that there is a
scintilla of evidence that the other man is enti-
tled to it upon what can be found in the pos-
session of the committee.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, the facts sur-
rounding this case, so far as they are in the
possession of the committee at all, are so few
and plain in their relations to each other that
i here can be neither necessity nor excuse for a
lengthy argument upon them. And I may say,
cir, that sometimes given propositions are so
plain as to exclude the possibility of argument
either pro or con. So of some of the points
involved m this case; and as to them I am
silent.
Now, to base, an argument, first of all, upon
the point stated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofieli),] I ask the attention
of those who hold that Mr. Covode has a.prima
facie right to admission as a member of this
House to his statement, when he says that he
does not claim, nor doe:, any one in favor of
the admission of Mr. Covode claim, that the
letter sent by the Governor of Pennsylvania to
the Clerk of this House is in any sense a proc-
lamation. That being admitted, the case is
ended ; because it is only by proclamation that
the Governor has the right to communicate to
this House any information whatever upon the
subject.
_ But the gentleman has admitted more than
his friends will indorse. Itis claimed specific-
ally that the paper in question is a supplemental
proclamation, and being a proclamation, itis
urged that Mr. Covode is entitled to the seat.
Let me read from the report of the majority
of the committee:
" It is claimed by Mr. Covode that this letter gives
him a prima facie right to the beat.it being a supple-
mental proclamation, as he alleges, and intended to
be the decision of the Governor that he (Covode)
was elected in the twenty-first district."
It is upon this supplemental proclamation
that Mr. Covode bases his title to a seat on
this floor as a Representative from the twenty-
first district pending the investigation of the
case upon its merits. That letter is, in full,
as follows:
pennsylvania executive chamber.
iiaheisbubo, pennsylvania February 23,1839.
sir: i have the honor to transmit herewith addi-
tional affidavits and evidences of fuiud submitted to
me in regard to the eleefion of member of Congress
in the twenty-first congressional district of this State.
These affidavits wore taken belore officers properly
authorized to administer oaths, and indicate the
election of linn. John Covode.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN W. GEARY,
Governor of Pennsylraa'ni
Hon. edwihd iiophkrsox, Ch-rh of the Hovie of
lUprnfientutLves, Washington, 1). C.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Seo-
field] says no one of the advocates of Mr.
Covode claim, this to be a proclamation. I
have shown that Mr. Covode does so consider
it. He has based his claim on the legal suf-
ficiency of this document. But has any one
else intimated that it is to be considered in the
light of a proclamation? I read further from
page 2 of the majority report:
" If it was intended by the Governor to decide, in
this letter,that JohnCovodewaslegally electedtrorn
the twenty-first district of Pennsylvania, and if lie
did intend his paper or letter of February 2.1,1869, as
supplemental to his general proclamation, or as his
only proclamation in regard to the election of a Rep-
resentative in said district, then a majority of the
committee are of opinion that he had a right to so
decide under precedents heretofore furnished by the
House.'''
Thus it will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that the
man claiming admission by virtue of the letter
claims it because he says it has the force and
legal effect of a proclamation ; and it will be
further seen that the five mtmbeis of the com-
mittee who report in favor of liis admission do
it because they assume that there are prece-
dents established by this House warranting
them in calling this a proclamation, and they
base their whole argument upon the right of
the Governor to issue such a paper as a supple-
mental proclamation in the case. So the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, by the showing of
the other members of the committee, has ad-
mitted away the whole claim, right, and title
of John Covode, so far as it is yet before the
committee or the House.
Kow, Mr. Speaker, I come to another point
presented by the same gentleman, and to which
I desire briefly to call the attention of the
House. It is said that terms are nothing; that
form is to be disregarded for substance. That,
sir, is true as a general proposition, and yet it
is further true—and the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] who has just occupied the floor,
gave the best illustration that I can conceive
of the truth of the proposition—that there is
a necessity of forms and of the observance of
forms in determining all thn prima facie cases
that come before the House. They are to be
determined by forms, by technicalities, and by
a strict observance of the rales prescribed to
settle and determine such cases. The question
who was probably elccted does not enter into
the consideration at all. The question '' Who
do you believo to have been elected?" has no
chance whatever, locally considered, to emtor
into the mind in deciding the prima facie case.
I will take the illustration given by the gentle-
man from Maine. He says that in our deeds
and other legal instruments we use many (sur-
plus and unnecessary terms. That is true. He
narrows it down to what would be sufficient,
and saysthe point to which he narrows it would
besufficient as a conveyance of realty. What
is it? ■' I convey to A B," with my signature
and seal, is, he says, a good conveyance. I
admit that that is true in common law, but
there are certain definite, specific terms, with
well-defined meanings, such as "I convey to A
B." Where is the parallel in the statement of
this letter ? Is it that John Covode was elected,
or was duly elected, or received a majority of
the votes, or got any votes atall ? No ; not a
single vote is certified to have been received
by the gentleman claiming this seat under the
report of the majorit}' of the committee.
But then the seal. The gentleman from
Maine admits that even his legal instrument,
with all its certainty of expression, with all its
conformity to rule, would be invalid unless
accompanied by a seal. That seal is only a
form. It is my own private act, giving authen-
ticity and validity, if you please, to that which
I have subscribed. And when the law requires,
when all the precedents require, when every
rule by which cases have been heretofore ad-
judged in this House requires thai a proclama-
tion of election or certificate of the result shall
be under the seal of the State, the gentleman
must admit that his parallel fails, or that we
have here a case to be decided on less techni-
cality, by wider latitude of interpretation, than
in defining mere private and individual rights.
I do not propose to sacrifice merit to form, nor
determine the ultimate rights of a ease by mere
technical rules; but I do propose to observe
form and technicality in deciding who is pri-
marily entitled to the seat, as that is a point, to
be determined before any name can go upon
the rolls to aid in organizing the House, and
except by observing forms of iaw none can
tell who is primarily entitled to a seat.
Now, sir. the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] says that the question to be
determined is, "Who was probably elected?''
or, to put it in a different form, ho says the
question is, " Who do we believe is entitled to
the seat?" And to illustrate how he would
get at that result as to who was probably
elected and as to who we believe to be entitled
to the seat, he states here—and I do not know
whether it be a statement by which the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania would like to be bound,
or whether it be one of those casual admissions
which will sometimes outcrop in the argument
of eases based more on fact than evidence—
but he saj's "the Governor has explored the
different precincts of this congressional district
by his agents," and that the supplemental
papers arc brought here to make it appear who
is probably entitled to the seat. Why, sir, the
right and duty of the Governor are clearly
defined and limited in the section of the
statutes of Pennsylvania quoted in the minority
report :
"Itshall he tho duty of the Governor, on the re-
ceipt of the returns oi the election of members of tho
House of Representatives of the United States as
aforesaid, by the secretary of the Commonwealth, to
declare by proclamation the names of the persons so
returned as elected in the respective districts; and
ho shall also, as soon as conveniently may be there-
after, transmit tbe returns so made to the House
of Representatives of the United States."
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scohlld] presents a vivid picture of Governor
Geary in the dignified employment of exploring
the different precincts of this district by his
agents to secure what the returns do not
show—an indication of the election of Mr.
Covode.
W7e have seen in tiie law of the State of
Pennsylvania already quoted how that result is
to be achieved—by ex parte, evidence, by affi-
davits taken without notice, or by^ a contest
before the Governor of Pennsylvania? What
says the statute as to his duty ? I hat statute
admits of no doubtful construction. That
statute-jorovides that it shall be the duty ol the
Governor, on the receipt of the returns of tho
