458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
election of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States
by tbe secretary of the Commonwealth—to
declare by proclamation the names of the per-
sons who are probably elected? No. Whom he
believes entitled to the seat in dispute? No.
What, then, is he to proclaim ? " The name of
the person so returned as elected." That is a
ministerial duty simply, and has been so decided
in that very State. And after he shall have
transmitted certified copies of his proclama-
tion, together -with all the returns, to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, then
his connection with the case ends. There is
the law, and it is silent as to any further duty,
right, or privilege on the part of the Governor.
What, then, is his right beyond that stated
in the law ? It has been said that the exam-
ination of the case of Butler vs. Lehman, of
Pennsylvania, and the case of Dailey vs. Mor-
ton, of Nebraska, would vindicate the right of
the Governor to disregard or go behind the
returns. Both of those oases were decided
upon their merits. The House never voted as
to which of the claimants had th e prima facie
right to the seat; no such vote was taken in
either of those cases. In the Nebraska case
Mr. Dailey was sworn in on theorganization of
the House, and the other claimant, Mr. Mor-
ton, contested his right to the seat. The case
was heard upon its merits and decided on evi-
dence. The evidence showed that fraud had
been committed and that Dailey was entitled to
the seat upon the merits of the case. So the
committee reported, and so the House decided
indirectly by laying the whole subject on the
table without making any decision upon the
points embraced in the report of the commit-
tee. They refused to take any action whatever
on tbe report, leaving Dailey in the occupancy
of the seat, thereby saying that the contestant
had failed to vindicate any right to the seat on
hearing the case on its merits.
As to the case which caine up here from the
State of Pennsylvania, the case of Butler vs.
Lehman, Mr. Butler contested the election of
Lehman. 1 have stated that the duty of the
Governor, under the law of Pennsylvania, was
ministerial and not judicial ; that he had no
right under that law to investigate a contro-
verted state of facts and determine a point in
dispute, to render a decision , or rccord a result;
he had no such right whatever under the stat-
ute. Then what was his duty? To give pub-
lic enunciation by proclamation to a result
already certified to him. How certified? By
the board of return judges. And when those
returns came before him, not as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] has stated,
with evidence of fraud upon tbeir face in the
manner of conducting the election, but with
the decision of a competent tribunal bearing
upon them, with the light thrown upon the
case by a decision of the court, the Governor of
Pennsylvania, in the case of Butler vs. Lehman,
made his decision and issued his proclamation
in accordance with that decision. It was stated
that he withheld action until the determination j
of a certain case then pending in the courts, j
which case, it was also said, invoh'ed only two j
private individuals. Sir, the case involved the !
whole people of Pennsylvania. It was a pro- j
ceedmg in behalf of the people of the Com- j
monweallh of Pennsylvania. A mail was in- \
dieted, tried, convicted, and sentenced for a j
crime committed against the law of the land, <
and the rightsof the people of Pennsylvania. i
hat was that, crime ? One of the papers I
in that case, purporting to be a return, was
proven in court to be a forgery, and therefoi'e
no return at all. It was proved that the signa-
ture was not genuine, that the paper was not a
leturn. What was the result? The party was
tried and sentenced by the court, and the
punishment was in part endured before the
lesult of the election was announced, in No-
vember, the election having taken plaeeon the
13th day of October. N ow, can that betaken
as a precedent for this case ? Is the act of
Governor Packer, in refusing, as the law re-
quired him to do, to base a proclamation upon
an instrument null and void by reason of the
fact that it was a forgery, is that refusal of the
Governor in that case to be tortured into a
justification of the act of Governor Geary, to
use the language of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield,] in exploring this dis-
trict, precinct by precinct, through his agents,
for the purpose of getting up affidavits that
would impeach the prima facie case made out
by the acknowledged returns? Certainly not.
Another view is taken of this case, which it
is perhaps worth while to consider for a mo-
ment. It is said that the affidavits in question
disclose the fact that certain frauds were com-
mitted in various portions of this district. It is
said that some votes were wrongfully received
in favor of Henry D. Foster, and others wrong-
fully rejected which should have been accepted
and counted in favor of John Covode. If that
be true, if legal votes were rejected or illegal
votes received in any part of that district, the
place to make that apparent by evidence is not
before the board of canvassers, not before the
Governor, not before the Clerk, but before the
House itself, acting through its Committee of
Elections, who report recommendations to this
House for its action. This House is by the
Constitution the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its members ; and when
the proper evidences of title created under
provisions of law are certified here by officers
having authority we may well excuse them
from volunteering any opinion as to the rela-
tive rights of parties which must be examined
and decided here, and not elsewhere.
But let us see what evidence can be found
even in that direction. Suppose it to be true
that the evidence discloses the fact thatHenry
D. Foster received 100 illegal votes, and that
100 legal votes to which John Covode was en-
titled were refused to be received by the judges.
What difference does that make? Upon an
ascertained result, if any be shown, it would
make a difference of 200 votes and might
change that result. But when you have no as-
certained result, when you have no statement
that, for instance, one received 10,000 votes
and the other 11,000—no statement, in short,
that the one or the other received any votes at
all—how will you compare the illegal voting
and the rejection of legal votes with any stand-
ard by which to arrive at the conclusion that
they indicate any result whatever? How can
it be done ?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] assuming to answer that question,
says that the friends of General Foster claim
that he received a majority of only 41 votes.
Mr. Speaker, I have gone through this case
with some care; I have examined all the
papers bearing upon it that were referred to
the committee ; I have heard all the suggestions
that could properly be heard by one acting as
a judge in the case ; but never before did I hear
what majority was claimed by eitheT of these
parties. I never before heard it even intimated
whether Henry D. Foster claims to be elected
by 40 votes or 400 or 4,000. Nothing upon
that point appears in this record, or is shown
by the papers. Where does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania get his information on that
point? Probably from the same source which
informed him that the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania had been exploring all the precincts of
this election district in order to change the
result which would otherwise be apparent upon
the face of the papers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we are challenged here
to say whether in our judgment the papers
referred show that Henry D. Foster is entitled
to the seat pending the contest. I answer, sir, ;
very clearly and plainly, not by any means, i
There is nothing to show that he is entitled ; I
yet there is just as much to show in the eye j
of the law that he is entitled as there is to !
show that John Covode is entitled. There are
some statements—some papers and documents
even—which are not evidence, which cannot
be made evidence, which noactofthisHouse
in referring them to a committee can make evi-
dence in nuy case or for any purpose whatever.
I have already adverted to the fact that I he
"returns" sent by the Governor to this House
were, by the resolution of reference, excluded
from consideration before the committee. They
would have been legal evidence on which to
base a decision, but we were prohibited exam-
ining thorn for any purpose whatever, and in
lieu of them the letter already quoted and cer-
tain affidavits were sent to the committee.
Does the fact of ''reference" by the House
invest those documents with legal value beyond
their intrinsic, merits? It is assumed that we
must decide that they mean something ; for the
House, by referring them, implied a legal value
in each which the committee dare not chal-
lenge. Yet the proclamation was the first
paper referred by the House, the first consid-
ered by the committee, the only gaper of all
resting on a statute ; yet the committee unan-
imously agreed that as to this district the proc-
lamation shows nothing, and therefore, not-
withstanding the fact of its reference, it is
without legal value for the purposes of this
investigation. I do not understand that, the
casual reference of a paper by the House afifecis
the character, credibility, authenticity, or legal
value of such paper in any manner whatever.
If competent as evidence under established
legal rules, it should be considered ; if not, it is
worthless notwithstanding it may have been
referred by the House to the committee for
inspection.
Now, it has been stated here, and I believe
it is agreed on both sides, that the proclama-
tion of the Governor of Pennsylvania—1 mean
the proclamation issued in pursuance of the
statute—would be conclusive between the par-
ties as to the prima facie case if it stated any
result. But it does not. It says in general
terms that no such returns have been received
from that district as would authorize the Gov-
ernor to announce any result whatever in that
district. What, then, is manifestly the next
step? We must resort to the next best evi-
dence that is accessible. What would be the
next best evidence? A private letter, even
though it be from a public man? No. What
then? I answer, the certificates made by the
State canvassers. But it is said by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] that
no such certificates exist. If no such docu-
ments exist, then we are at sea so far as those
two points are concerned. But there must be
something else official that can be reached.
What is it? I say, the returns of the officers
in each county who certify to the State can-
vassers. They have made returns undoubtedly,
and those returns can be had. If you say that
they are gone, then there is no prima facie
case, nor any evidence that an election was
held in that district at ail. But these various
returns are not gone. The gentleman [Mr.
SCOFIELD] is vastly mistaken, or else Governor
Geary is, for on December 3 he sent to this
House the following:
pt:xn--ylvati \ i'xrrrr. vr c'nambki..
HaERISBUKG, fenn'sylyama, DtcCiltbrr o, IbGS
Sir: Incompliance with the i>rovi«ioin of an act
of the General Assembly of tins Commonwealth, ap-
proved 2d July, 1889, I have the honor to foiwaid
;ou the returns of tile late election ill this State tor
meiabers of <Jongrc*d; andlabosend certified copies
ot^proclamations ot election ot said members.
I urn, sir, very respecliutly, } our obedient .-eiYjut,
J OH A M\ GEARY.
Hon. fccHurLi'.K Colfax,
tipcaktr Representatives.
He excepts no district when lie says he sends
returns of elections of members, and, v;ihout
using information ill my possession from other
sources, 1 aver ili.ai this letter prove-; that re-
turns are here from t:i;,t rk-tiict.; but that the
committee were prohibited using them in decid-
ing the case.
If this letter makes a prima facie case in
favor of Mr. Covode, then by parity of rea-
soning the secretary of State, the auditor, the
treasurer, or any officer of the State, or even
private citizen, by writing a letter saying that
he has information which indicates the elec-
tion of Mr. Foster, would thereby make a case
which would, prima facie, entitle him to a
seat.
