1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
Now, sir, it is because we have no such evi-
dence as in law justifies us, looking at past
precedents, in deciding m favor of any sue,
that ihe minority of the committee report the
resolution which they do. And if that resolu-
tion be adopted it would then be for the House
to indicate by its present action whether the
committee .should consider further evidence,
whether they should send a commission to
Pennsylvania to take testimony, or what should
be done in the case.
Now, sir, a mere suggestion upon another
point, and I shall leave this case to the judg-
ment of the House so far as I am concerned.
Jti.-i this: not the interest of John Covode, not
the mere private rigiit of Henry Foster 1.1 to
be considered as the paramount question litre,
but it is a question affecting the legality of our
proceeding, the regularity of the organization
of this House hereafter. It is proposed bv tile
lesolutiou of the majority of the committee to
s-iy to the Oleik of the Hour-e, " You ought
to have placed the name of John Covode upon
the roll, mid we direct you hereafter to use tha„
latitude of judgment which is required to place
upon the roll the name of any man who comes
here with a paper stating that the indication is
that he is elected."
If that be the rule that is to obtain hereafter
in this body, where will bo the certainty of the ;
organization of the House in obedience to the '
will of the people? If this mere iliinsy pre-
text that ex parte affidavits are of legal value,
or that a letter is a proclamation beeau.-e
forsooth they were named in a resolution care-
fully and skillfully drawn, is to justify placing
a name on the list of members when official
papers show a different result, what becomes
ot the right, of the people to be represented at
all? If this House is to determine that one
man is elected when the people say another,
why hold elections at all? The right, of repre-
sentation is the great safeguardof publicrights.
It was that for which our fathers fought. So
inng us the popular will is regarded, so long
v,ill tae people respect and obey your laws:
and in determining that question of popular
mil we must act in strict obedience to law.
In organising the House and deciding prima '
facie rights we must determine each case by
the requirements of the law of the State from
which such case may come. By keeping ,
strictly within the law we will be at once
guarding private and publicrights, and widen- .
hi j. deepening, and strengthening the founda-
tions upon which our political snper.-truet.ire
,s based. By disregarding the forms cf law
and deciding these grave questions on insutit-
c-ut evidence or under the prompting of parly ■
prim511 ec;Io: 1 we will be establishing such pre-
cedents as will endanger the peace and v. elun e
01 our country hereafter. I vieid the lemmn-
ti<■ r of my time to my colleague, [.Mr. Rax-
Uil.t..]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know that I can thiow much additional light
upon this subject. It seems to my mind to
be confined to a single proposition, namely, .
whether the l"tter of the Governor of Pennsyl-
\auia is a sufficient warrant, for us to attempt
to piejudse this case upon uprimt /m'/s issue.
Mv time being quite limited 1 will simply call
attention to a few facts in the case, without
attempting an argument. In the lirst place. 1
find in the leport of the majority a statement
that tins letter is properly signed, and has the
seal of the State attached, thereby making it
equivalent, to a proclamation. That is a nns-
tuue. Tin' great seal of the State is not attached
lo 1 he letter at all There K simply a cert.ticato
;iv ;o the Mgna'ure oi the G overnor. and to that,
cei" diento is attached the seal ol the secret.ny
ot the Commonwealth ol Pennsylvania.
'1 he restricted character of this investigation
i^ well understood by the House. 1 he gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Petehs j says he would
hare been glad if with the affidavits the re-
turns of the judges of the three counties could
have gone to the commit lee and been examined.
Now. sir. I find (bat gentleman on record as
votmir against the reference of these very papers '
j to the committee. The duty of the Governor
is very clearly laid down in the statutes. It is j
ministerial. He has to do with the returns; [
he has nothing whatever to do with the affi- ;
davits. And let me state here that these alii- ;
davits are simply ex parte. They were taken I
' without giving any notice to Mr. Foster, and
wire unknown to him until they were presented '
here. Is that, I submit, a fair and just mode
of proceeding in this House?
And let me say further, that in my judgment
that letter of the Governor of Pennsylvania
never was intended to assume any such pro-
portions as a proclamation. The law says that
he shall have to do with the returns, not with
affidavits; and it was well understood by him,
in my opinion, that it was an act of wrong, i
say it, with great respect that in my opinion it
was conceived in uuhiirness, and i see no rea-
sotnyhv a majority of this House should attempt
to carry out this wrong. It is not necessary to
I have this additional member to make a major-
■ ity on theotherside. You already have a major-
ity of more than two third*. I recollect when
, the late Mr. Stevens on one occasion sounded ■
the tocsin here, saying that one vote was of ;
■ paramount importance It was during a severe 1
; struggle in connection with reconstruction, j
; But 1 suggest to the majority here that no such ;
; necessity now exists. You can afford to look •
; the whole truth and the entire evidence in the 1
face, and decide according to the law and ac- >'
. corauig to the facts. In this connection let me
say that I was very much struck by an editorial
in the New York Tribune the other day. in
which, in speaking of this very case, the editor '
asks what is all that the minority of the Com- ,
■ inittee of Elections ask. I wiif take the lib- :
env of reading the closing paragraph of the
editorial of Mr. Greeley. After commending !
the course of the chairman of the committee
in doing what is right irrespective of conse-
quences. and referring to the number of con-
tested-election cases before the House, he says:
" Let us hnve all of them honestly decided necord-
■ ing to the law and the r'.icts, and let the investigation
and debate be so tairb conducted as to leave no '
ground for even a suspicion ot parly bias."
j That is all that the minority of the com- j
! mittee ask in connection with this case. We j1
! ask that the whole evidence in the cass shall !!
; be sent back to the committee and that the j;
j committee may be allowed to decide upon the ]■
whole evidence, the entire truth, who is enti-
■ lied prima facie to the seat. Why. sir. in the
pigeon-holts of the committee we hud that very
evidence, and yet. bv what I must deem the
inconsiderate action of the House in pas-ing a
; iesoK.tion of such a restricted character, we
were debarred from walking across the room
and examining testimony ha', msra vital bear-
ing upon tiie merits ot thepi',i}i>r jticic case,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BU I'LER, of Tennessee. The Com- ;
mittee of Elections did inst what the House
■ of Representatives instructed them to do. It i
, makes no difference what evidence was in the j
1 pigeon-holes or in the desk of the clerk of the j
1 Committee of Elections. This case is like all !i
others. Wherever there is fraud and corrup- ;
tioa theyleave their tracks behind. The only ;
object of the majority of the committee in this
case is to protect an honest and patriotic man 1
against the fraud and corruption ot the oppo-
site party in the twenty-first district of Penn- '
• s> Ivnnia. j
' ' The facts are few and easily comprehended,
and the duty of every member oi the House :
is plainlv marked out and easily to be under-
stood if'they desire to understand the facts
and act accordingly. ^ hat did the House i.u-
struct the Committee of Elections to do ? \\ as
it to inquire into all the facts and cucum-
stances connected with the case? No. sir: 1
the committee were instructed to take up the ,
Governor's proclamation and h;s subsequent
letter with the accompanying affidavits and
■ leport to the House who was i'/rimu facie ■
entiued to the seat. They have discharged ;
, that, duty. They took up the proclamation of h
' the Governor; they took up the letter of the 11
i Governor and the alleged affidavits, and the
i majority of the committee say, in the language
j of the Governor of Pennsylvania, that they
; '• indicate the election of Hon. JohnCovode."
What does "primafacie'] mean? It means
'■ who has got the best showing at the first blush
j.orat the first glance. Who has the greater
; weight of evidence or the best showing in this
■ case ? Who has got any showing except John
Covode? Has Mr. Poster any showing? Has
beany papers or any evidence of any char-
acter to show to the committee that he ever
, received a vote in the twenty-first congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania? What evi-
dence had the committee but the proclama-
tion of the Governor and his letter, together
with the affidavits that accompanied it ? It
is an official letter from the Governor of the
State of Pennsylvania.-properly authenticated
with the seal of the State and signed by the
secretary of State.
A distinction is attempted to be drawn in this
case between the proclamation and the letter,
a distinction without a difference, such as you
and I have seen attempted on many occasions.
Suppose the Governor of Pennsylvania had
issued a second proclamation and used the
identical language that he uses in that letter,
wdio would have been here to have objected?
The Clerk of the House would have enrol led Mr.
Covode's name on the list, he would have been
qualified at the meeting of this Congress, and
no objection would have been made. But sup-
pose the Governorof Pennsylvania made amis-
take : suppose that he was mistaken as to his
dipy ? Instead of a proclamation he issues a
letter, ar.d says substantially : •• When I issued
my first proclamation, by \ irtue of the act of
the General Assembly in such cases made and
provided, there was no evidence before me that
indicated the election of either nartv from the
twenty-first district, but thereafter more evi-
dence was filed m my office, more proof was
presented in the shape of affidavits taken ac-
cording to the laws of the Siate by officers
authorized bv law to administer oaths, and
from that evidence, on file in my office, I issue
a letter instead of a proclamation, believing
that it is the same in substance and will have
the .same effect, directed to the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, and from the evi-
dence now before me I do not say that .lolm
Covode was legally and constitutional! v elected ;
that is a question for the House of Represent-
atives—the Constitution gives them the power
to judge ot' that—but I say that the evidence
on file m my office indicates the election of
Hon. Jonn Covode."
What evidence contradicts it? What evi-
dence denies it? What is there to rebut it?
Has Mr. Foster presented any such evidence?
Is there any tesumonv to show that he got a
vote in the distiict.? Then what, more can the
committee do? What less can they do than
to say from what was sent to them by the
House of Representatives that from the char-
acter of that evidence John Covode has the
best showing; that lie has the prima facie
right to a seat upon this floor? It does not
prejudice the right, of the other party : it does
not take away from him a single right; it leaves
him where we found him, with all his rights as
a contestant. Then if the charge that frauds
were committed is untrue—and they have not
been denied to any extent—then let the con-
testant go before the Committee of Elections,
and if he can show that he was bona fide
elected It will be the pleasure as it will be the
duty of the Committee of Elections to bring
in a report that he Is entitled to the seat, and
that Mi. Covode is not entitled to it.
But ivilh all the evidence now before us,
wild the light before us. small as it is. enough
is show u to disclope the frauds practiced in
this election. We, have enough light to enable
the majority of the committee to say that Mr.
Covode is "elected, a man who stood by his
Ov>uutr\ in its honr ot need, who stands b) it
to-da\\ the question of whose election was of
interest, to the whole State. The light is suffi-
cient to enable the Committee of Elections,
