460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
the majority of them, to say to the House of
Representatives, that John Covode has the
prima facie right to a seat in the Forty-First
Congress as the Representative from the twenty-
first congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Now, gentlemen of the House of Repre-
sentatives, so far as I am concerned, as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections, I will leave'
the case with you. If Johu Covode is elected
and permitted to take his seat Iiere the sun
will continue to rise and set, there will still be
seed-time and harvest, and the Republican
party will have done a nobleand just act to the
people, and to an old patriot who stood by his
country, and who is standing by it still. I
now yield ten minutes of my time to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, it appears
to me that the question in this ease is whether
the House will stand by its own judgment and
action and instruction to the Committee of
Elections, or whether the House will reverse
its action. The committee have simply obeyed
the instruction of the House, given and reiter-
ated alter full instruction. We were instructed
to take the papers named in the resolution of
the House, and upon them to report who of
these two claimants is entitled prima facie to
take this seat. Now the minority of the com-
mittee say that these papers all amount to noth-
ing^ that they are all trash. And the con-
clusion from what they say is that the House
trifled with itself and trifled with the committee
when it gave these instructions and reiterated
them. We of the majority of the committee
felt bound, out of respect to the House and to
ourselves as a part of the House, to consider
that these papers were at least worth some-
thing. And 1 think the action of the House is
justified that far at least, that these papers are
worth something.
Now, what is the meaning of the term prima
facie ? As it is defined in the law dictionary
it means the first blush, the first view or ap-
pearance of the case. Now, can anybody say,
unless he reaches it by technicalities practiced
at nisi prius, by that fine-spun theory and
practice by winch lawyers contend in courts,
sometimes rather to do injustice than to do
justice, by that art which divides a hair
"'twixtthe south and southwest side," can
any one, except by ruling out these papers in
that way, cati any one who takes a broad com-
mon-sense view of this question, say that these
papers are worth nothing? I do not under-
stand that this House sits here, or that its com-
mittees sit here, as a court bound down by any
such technical rules of practice. I understand
that we sit here as men of common sense to
do common justice.
Now, let us iii'st look to the letter of the
Governor. It will be admitted that if that let-
ter was a perfect proclamation, in due form,
there would be no question here of a prima
j'acii title to tins s at ; Mr. Covode would now
be holding the seat. It is because that letter
is not a perfect pioclamytion that this case is
here. ^ The question is whether the letter is
anything like a proclamation. Has it any of
the elements of a proclamation ? If it were a
perfect proclamation there would be no such
case as this here. It is because it is not a
perfect proclamation that wo are nowhere try- I
ing this ease. Now, how much of a proela- !
marion is it ? I find a proclamation to be |
defined to be an act causing some State mat-
ter to be published, some written or printed j
document in which is contained such matters, i
issued by a proper authority. Now, in this :
case the Governor is the proper authority; 1
here is a written document; and in it is pub- '
Iished to this House, and through this House
to the world, a matter of public interest, to
wit: the opinion of the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania that John Covode is elected to a seat in
this House. Certainly, then, it contains some
of the elements of a proclamation, and it is
supported by these affidavits.
Mr, DAWES. Either the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevessox] does not or I do not
understand this resolution correctly, because
he seems to understand it one way, while I
understand it another. I want to inquire of
the gentleman how he understands it, whether
he understands that the committee were in-
structed to ascertain who, according to certain
papers, had in the opinion of the Government
th % prima facie case, or whether the commit-
tee were instructed to look at the papers and
decide who in their opinion had iheprima facie
ease ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think that we
misunderstand each other.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to hear the gen-
tleman's answer on that point.
Mr. STEVENSON. Of course I suppose
that the resolution sought the opinion of the
committee.
Mr. DAWES. That leads me to another
question——
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, I do not know
which side the gentleman is on, nor in whose
time he is speaking. I would like to know.
Mr. DAWES. I am on nobody's side, Mr.
Speaker, and I am speaking in nobody's time;
but 1 am making an inquiry of the gentleman.
If it is offensive to him I will not press it.
Mr. RANDALL. I will give the gentleman
a part of iny time.
Mr. DAWES. I did not intend to partici-
pate in this debate; but somebody on the other
side said that the resolution by which this ques
tion was referred to the committee was con-
ceived in fraud 
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; the gentleman
will allow me to correct him.
Mr. DAWES. And I wanted to see whether
the resolution was understood by the gentleman
from Ohio just as I understood it when I
offered it.
Mr. RANDALL. I said it was conceived
in a spirit of unfairness, not in fraud.
Mr. DAWES. Well, that is just about as
bad. If the resolution was conceived in a
spirit of unfairness, I am, perhaps, responsible
for that, as I offered the resolution. If the
gentleman from Ohio says that he supposes
the papers were referred to the committee for
the purpose of obtaining the committee's opin-
ion (without regard to that of the Governor)
upon the question who is shown by those papers
to have a prima facie case, then he agrees with
me thus lar. Now, T want to put to him one
further inquiry—whether he understands the
resolution to mean that the committee shall
take what {acts there are in those papers, and
none other, and upon them report to the House
who, in their opinion, has the prima facie case ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I so understand the
matter.
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman and I
agree about the meaning of the resolution.
Now if the gentleman will tell me what are the
facts in the papers upon which he comes to the
conclusion he has stated he will cover the point
I have sought to reach.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am endeavoring to
state my understanding on that point. I say
that this letter of the Governor has to a certain
extent the semblance of a proclamation.
Mr. DA WES. One further remark, if I am
not using up the gentleman's time. Thegen-
tleman has just said that, according to his view,
it was no part of the duty of the committee to
inquire what the Governor's opinion was, but
oni.y v.-hat were the facts on the papers.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly; but this
proclamation, or this letter, as the gentleman
may prefer to call it, is one of the facts, and I
am simply giving it the weight to which in mv
judgment it is entitled.
Mr.'DAWES. Is it any other factithan the
fact of the Governor's opinion?
Mr. STEVENSON. This paper is, in my
opinion, a semi-official document. It has some
of the elements of a proclamation. If it were
a perfect proclamation, then there would be a
perfect prima facie o,ase on that alone. But
it being an imperfect proclamation, there is ail
imperfect ■primafacie case on that alone.
Mi. DAWES. Ihe gentleman has misun-
derstood me from the beginning, or else I have
not myself understood what I have been talk-
ing about. Suppose that letter were a perfect
proclamation, and the committee were directed
to inquire who in their opinion had the prima
facie case upon that proclamation, would that
mean that they should inquire who in their
opinion the Governor thought had the prima
facie case ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. Then suppose that by proc-
lamation the Governor should say, " I think A
B has a prima facie case," and you are in-
structed to inquire, after all, who in your opinion
is entitled to the seat, has the opinion of the
Governor anything to do with the fact ?
The SPEAKER. Thetime of the gentleman
from Ohio has expired.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was not speaking
out of my time, but that of the other side.
Mr. DAWES. I understood that I was not
using the gentleman's time, or I should not
have said a word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will be allowed plenty of time. He
is making the case very clear. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I yielded to
the gentleman from Ohio ten minutes. I will
yield five minutes more.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There appears to be a
dispute on the other side as to the nature of a
proclamation. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will have time to elucidate the subject.
1 would like to know what the elements of a
proclamation are.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not wish, as a
member of the committee, to be understood
as saying that we have adopted the opinion of
the Governor of Pennsylvania simply because
it is his opinion. I wish to be understood as
giving weight to his letter, because I understand
it has in it the essential elements of a procla-
mation. If we had had a perfect proclamation
I think the committee would without any hes-
itation at all, in case the House had seen fit to
refer the matter to the committee, have reported
in accordance with the proclamation; and in
that they would have been sustained by prece-
dents.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. If there had been a
perfect proclamation would not the Governor
in that case be the judge, and would not his
opinion on the subject have been conclusive?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. What occasion would
there have been in that case to refer the ques-
tion to the committee to determine whether
there was a prima facie case or not, the Gov-
ernor himself having made out a prima facie
Mr._ STEVENSON. Sol say. And now I
pass from that question to the affidavits. In
the first place it is said we have nothing to
start from when we come to read these affida-
vits. We have a right to presume, however,
that the Governor had something to start from.
We have a right to presume that when he con-
sidered them he found a starting-point.
But it is said they are of no force because
they are simply ex parte. It seems to me gen-
tlemen forget what is done in courts of law
every day upon just such testimony as this.
TJpon&aexparle affidavit a party is called in to
answer, and if he does not answer his prop-
ertySmay be taken from him under judgment
by default. Upon ex parte affidavit a person's
property may be attached and held bv a sheriff.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Will the gentle man
allow me a question?
Mr. STEVENSON. My time is nearly up,
but I will hear it.
Mr. CHUKCHELL. I ask the gentleman
whether there is not this distinction in the two
cases: that while the affidavits to which ho
refers are affidavits upon which an indictment
for perjury can be maintained, tho affidavits in
this ^case being voluntary, being made in no
pending suit, would not bo the basin of such
an indictment?
Mr. STEVEN"80N That mayor may not be.
CHURCHILL. Will the geatleman
