1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
answer definitely as to whether or not they
■would famish the foundation for an indictment
for perjury?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not investigated
the law of Pennsylvania sufficiently to know
about that.
Mr. HOTCIIKISS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot, unless my
time is extended.
Mr. 110TCHKIS3. I ask if these affidavits
are not as good evidence as the certificate for
conviction in a criminal trial where none of the
parties interested are in court, and where you
have to go entirely outside of the whole case ;
to get your evidence? In the case of Butler ,,
vs. Lehman Governor Packer went around the •[
return judges, went back into the precinct, and
determined that a man there had committed
perjury 111 sending up false returns and the
Governor acted upon the certificate of the con-
vicrion of that forger, which was in no way
conclusive and in no way an estoppel upon jj
anv party interested in the case. Nobody was |
estopped except the man convicted. Nobody jj
could inquire whether he was properly con- '
victed or not. But the Governor said it w-as
evidence enough for him, and he sent the case
up here, and this House indorsed him. Now,
these affidavits are better evidence than Gov- |j
ernor Packer had. _ ]l
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to say this, that
we act in courts upon the faith that a man tells j j
the truth. We act upon the sanctions of atl |!
oath in many cases not merely because the
man may be convicted of perjurv. ^ e would ;j
be in a bad condition, indeed, ii that were the i;
only guarantee of truth. The guarantee of trutu ■
is the oath of the man under his responsibility i,
to his God as well as to the law, and I gen- |
erally am inclined to believe men under oath. :
as we must believe them under oath whether ;
there be statutes punishing them xor perjury or ,
not. I want to say further, that it is upon .
prima facie evidence that men are arrested and .
put iu prison for theft and lor fraud. it is upon \
just -uc'u prima facie evidence as we have b-re •
th-it the rights of property and or persov^depend ,
to a great extent in this country. e must ;
give these papers the same weight. ^ j
I have bur "one other point to make in this j
ca? . and it is this: taking it. for granted that ]
all that is claimed on the other side is true, ;
namely, that, according to the certificates ot t
retain", which it is thought we are to examine, i
Foster had upon the face of theui 41 majority, -
thee. tiie<  affidavits, by the admission of ray
k.emi and e<" ],ea;ue 0:1 the committee fiom
New Tor,;, [Mr. C;r"RCnn.L.] -how fraudulent
voi-; to the"exrent of two ortinee hundred,
r 11,-ie the liainmer fell ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I yield five
iiiinurfs to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawm:\ce.]
Mr LAWRENCE. In the space of five
minutes I will not be able very fully to discuss
the auestion now before the House. ^ It is cer-
tain that there is no precedent, by which we can
settle the question. There is no analogous
case, or at least none has been brought, to tue
attention of the House. But what is the con-
troversy here? It is one which we must settle
upon principles of justice and of parliamentary
Ijiav puch us we shall be willing to louow heie*
after, ft seems to mo that the whole contro-
versy lies within very narrow limits, and that
there ought not to be much difficulty in determ-
riU of all. it is important to understand
pvee,-eK' the facts, and then the rights of the
parties elaiming a seat in this House can be
properly disposed of. j
• Now. «hat are the facts? On the second
Tin sdav in October last Henry 1). hoster and
•loin. I'ovode were onpoMeg candidates to,
the twenty-first congressional Uis-
i^vlvania. One or the
didates, it is conceded oil all builds.
vania it is made the duty of the Governor, after
receiving the returns of an election for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, to issue a proclamation
declaring who has been elected, and this is
made the technical legal evidence of a prima
facie right to a seat.
The Governor, instead of doing that, issued
a proclamation in which he says :
"That no such returns of the election have been
. . i <1. _   ik a rn /^n nrna 1+K a a
| of the phrase u prima facie right to office" it
j is the right which is evidenced by the legal
| certificate of election showing a title to the
■ office, or by the legal proclamation where the
I law so provides; and there certainly is no such
legal evidence presented here, unless the Gov-
ij ernor's letter is such evidence. But the pur-
j; pose of the House in requiring the Committee
1 of Elections to make a report on the sole evi-
Deen reiurneci miij- cikiw   uirara "
of Representatives of the united States tor mat
district."
He subsequently wrote a letter, under the
official seal of the State, which was filed with
the Clerk of this House, a= follows:
PnsssYLVAKiA Executive Chamber
"That no such returns of the election have been oi u ■. ■ <• ,7
received by tho secretary of the Commonwealth as dence submitted or referred to it is perfectly
would, under the election laws of tUe State, author- ;! rrianifest. That purpose was to require the
beamed duly e?e?tX°L"mbP«£Tt£ Hon"! jj committee to report " what person, according
- - • - " - '• to the proclamation, letter, and papers," is
entitled now to take a seat, leaving the ultimate
right to be decided hereafter. It is true the
resolution in terms requires the committee to
report what person is entitled prima facie to
*t.s*Sti.vama represent the district, but the meaning is plain
n\RRiSBLTRG. Pennsylvania, FebrvaryZt, lsb3. > enough, xne House has* on toe report ot a
Sip.: I have the honor to transmit herewith addi- ,, committee or otherwise, the power to decide
. , --•> t.. j, the preiimjnary or present right to a seat be-
i fore going into the general question of the
! ultimate merits of the case. It must have the
. power to decide, in the first instance, which
• one of these two claimants shall have the right
■ to occupy the seat here. The House has di-
■ rected the committee not to inquire whether
j there is full and complete legal evidence even
| of a prima facie right, but to decide, upon the
' papers submitted, which one of these p&rties
' has the best right to this seat. And that the
! committee has done. If the committee did
! right, in pursuance of the instructions of the
tional iiffidavi tTan'd" evidences of fraud submitted to
me in regard to the election of member of Congress
in the twenty-fir* fc congressional district of this State.
These affidavits were taken beforeofficers px*operiy
authorized to administer oaths, and indicate the elec-
tion of Hon. John Covode.
Most respectfully, your obecnent. ?ervant.
JOHr* W. u-bAJtil,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
Hon. Edward JIcPhkrsox, Clerk of the Hou*e of
Representatives, Washington, J). C.
The affidavits referred to in this letter are
now in the possession of the House.
Now. sir, it is conceded on all hands that if
that letter is to have the legal effect of a proc-
lamation. then Covode is shown to have been
  - .. . 3?a ]' resolution under which they acted, then, having
elected. The term '' indicate, as used m the ju favor of Covode, the House should
letter, is a word which signifies !'to show.' ; give him a seat for the time being and until
'to prove,'' and if the evidence before the , thg un;mate right is decided. I undertake to
Governor "indicates''—-that is, "shows
"proves"—the election of Covode, then he
is entitled to his seat. The proclamation is,
by the statute which authorizes ii, prima facie
evidence ot a title in Covode to the ofnee or
Representative.
Mr. .MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to a=k him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will, if the time con-
sumed in it shall not come out of my five min-
utes.
Mr. MAYHAM. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether in his opinion the Governor of
the State of Pennsylvania has any right to act
upon any other evidence than the certificates
of the judges of election?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Iam aware the lette
avers that certain " affidavits " indicate th<
election'' of Covode ; but evidently the letter
'. means that the election returns in ttie office of
1 the secretarv of the Oommonwealtu of Reun-
1 svlvania. in "connection with the affidavits, in- ,
dicate the election of Covode. The law requires •
the Governor to act on the_ election returns, !
i and they are the proper evidence on whicn to
! issue a proclamation. I have said smip.y tuat
1 if the letter could properly have the effect ot a
proclamation, then it is sufficient prima facie
evidence of the right of Covode to a seat. That
question has been discussed, and £ will let it
rest on the arguments made. But if the letter
does not have the effect of a proclamation, then
I would give it as my judgment that there is no
evidence in stiictly legal form to show either
that Mr. Covode or Mr. Foster have the prima
facie right to the office. But it does not neces-
sarily follow that the House cannot properly
decide that one or the other of the claimants
shall not for the time being take the seat, and
occupy it until the ultimate right is settled.
This House, bv resolution of the otb of March,
referred to the Committee of Elections
"So much of the proclamation ofjhe Governor of
Pennsylvania, dated November 1„ lbu . a  to the
election of Representatives m the tweu.j-iiri-. di-
triet. of sail! State, ami the letter of said
,, dated February «,1S . relative. hercu tow^r
" with the rapers referred to in said le,te.. wita n.
!• structions to repoi t to the House wmu person,r.e^oi a-
;1 ins to proehnn:it'« M. letter, ana papox-. w
' tied, pri'itu f-ttlie, to represent saiti i
|! triet in flioForry-rtrs: any content
jj that may arise eonuermn.? thenjrhv tosvuii r^prv.-
!< sentation."'
!| Now, E confess that the resolution ^oi the
t'. House notj perhaps, couched m the best
possible terms, for in the ordinary acceptation
oi eiecnuui j. action ot tne xi ousc. ius/wucyuiK.i/u.tu'.
IENCE. Iam aware the letter j; commjttee was bound to report on the evidence
■tain " affidavits '' " indicate the submitted. The report is in favor of Covode.
/"I ,1 r «frl t* rV>a lottor" ,. -r-r • t i . .1 l j.1 TV q nAtnmif-
t.UUJl"'
tr.ct o
rec-.'-'ived a 'niajoritv of the legal votes civ* i«
that cmi(iressional district and is entitled n a
beat upon this floor. By the laws of X enns-jl-
say the committee decided right. This is a
case where neither claimant has the best legal
' evidence of the present right to a seat j yet
' it is equally clear that one or the other is so
i entitled. _
Now, in all such cases it is a rule m com-
j mon law, as in parliamentary proceedings, that
! the best evidence of which the case admits
' must be produced, and though absolute cer-
tainty may not be attained, yet the controversy
must be settled by the best admissible, suffi-
cient, and satisfactory evidence which can be
procured. I will not stop to inquire whether
the House referred this class of evidence to the
committee. That question is foreclosed by the
action of the House. _ It is res adjudicata. The
- report: 
He is backed bv the committee. The commit-
tee is backed by the letter of the Governor of
the 23d of February, and by affidavits which
; the House has made evidence by referring to
the committee. These "indicate, 'show with
■ reasonable certainty, the election of Covode.
■ The preponderance "of evidence is in his favor,
' and it is so conclusive as to be at least satis-
factory. I know a question of parliamentary
, expediency arises—shall the present right to
' the seat be'now decided or shall both claimants
; await the ultimate decision? There can be no
i "contest" under the act of Congress reguiat-
: in°- contested elections, because neither party
' is°in office, neither one has a certmcate or
proclamation of election, and no "notice ot
; contest'' under the statute has been or can be
; served. The ease is anomalous. The ultimate
! rio-ht to the seat can only be decided in such
mode as the House may now prescribe, but
when the House has prescribed the mode toe
I contest may run through a year or until this
; Congress has expired. This may be so in tms
!' ease, and it may happen as to all the Repre-
>: sentatives from "a State. It may happen that
1 the Governor of a State may sive certificates
I' of election to all of two sets ot clalinanr/k®'
' ruav refuse to sive any certificate at all. Atter
an election a State may engage m rebellion, so
that no certificate can be procure . "
c-><e v.-e are now considering, or m the cases
supposed, it is a grievous ^ ^
SU'ie or a district of the immediate light ot
representation. This evil is more dangoioas
• and more grievous than any we can incur m
ii admitting one of twu rival claimants to a seat
