462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
on the best attainable evidence which may be
sufficient. This is a question of grave import-
ance. We are making precedents tor the future.
We are making parliamentary usage and law.
We are passing on the right of representation^-
the foundation of republican government. If
we err at all let us rather err on that side which
secures and upholds the right of representa-
tion than on that perilous ground which strikes
it down, for when that is gone republican in-
stitutions will crumble into dust and perish
forever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I desire now to yield my
time 
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would ask the gentle-
man to let me have three minutes of his time.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman, for I propose to yield to his colleague,
[Mr. Schesck.]
The SPEAKER. How much of his time
does the gentleman yield ?
Mr. RANDALL. I yield as much time as
the gentleman wants.
Mi. SCHENCK. I hope I shall not occupy
much time.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SciiexckJ that I
should like to have a little of the time of my
colleague [Mr. Randall] if the gentleman
from Ohio does not want all of it-
Mr. SCHENCK. I have promised to yield
to my colleague [Mr. Garfield] after I have
concluded what 1 have to sav.
Mr. WOODWARD. We'll, I want a few
minutes at some time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam called, Mr. Speaker,
with other members here, to determine the
question whether John Covode has the prima
facie right to a seat in this House under an
election held in the twenty-first congressional
district of Pennsylvania to elect a Represent-
ative to the Forty-First Congress. I look into
(he report, into the papers, into all that is
before us, and I find the report is made under
instructions from this House. Those instruc-
tions are regarded by many members as ex-
ceedingly significant, and at the same time as
entirely controlling the action of the House in
its decision upon this question. The Commit-
tee of Elections are instructed "to report to
the House what person, aceordingto said proc-
lamation, letter, and papers, is entitled,prima
facie, to represent said twenty-first district in
the horty-First Congress, pending any contest
that may arise concerning the right to such
representation." The letter here referred to
is the letter of the 23d of February, 18G9.
The letter of the 3d of December, 1S68, which
contained the returns which the Governor was
obliged by the law to send us, was not referred
to the committee.
Now, gentlemen say that inasmuch as the
House has given the Committee of Elections
instructions thus to report upon this subject,
therefore the committee had no discretion, no
matter what was in those different papers re-
ferred to them, except fiom them to find that
some one had the prima facie right to this seat.
I do not so understand the intention of the
House of Representatives, nor do I so under-
stand what will be the duty of the House of
Representatives after the report of the com-
mittee shall have been made. For one, had I
been a member of that committee I would have
found no difficulty in answering those instruc-
tions. If I had been required to report what
person " aceordingto said proclamation, letter,
and papers'' had the prima facie right to this
seat I would have answered by saying no per-
son had such right; and that strikes me per-
sonally as covering the whole question in this
case.^ When the report, is brought before us
I will not inquire, as my colleague [Mr. Ste-
vensox] seems disposed to do, whether the
committee have done right or not in confining
themselves within the restricted limit of invest-
igation which the House gave to them, or
whether they might have branched out into
an investigation of other matters. The com-
mittee probably did rij*ht, under their instruc-
tions, to report with reference only to those
matters which by the House were committed
to their consideration.
But that is not what the House is now called
upon to decide. The result of the investi-
gation of that committee, the conclusion to
which they have arrived, is a resolution upon
which we are called to vote, declaring as the
opinion of this House that John Covode has
the prima facie right to a seat here. Now,
whether the committee were right or wrong in
confining themselves to these three parts of'
the testimony—and I think perhaps they did
right in obeying in this respect the instructions
of the House—I would be wrong in voting for
the resolution which the committee submit to
the House as the conclusion at which they
have arrived if I did not believe that conclu-
sion to be correct. And I do not so believe.
Suppose that, instead of referring the procla-
mation, letter, and papers, there had been a
reference to the committee of a parcel of news-
papers, Democratic and Republican, giving
pro and con their views about the canvass in
John Covode's district, and suppose the com-
mittee had been required to report to the
House upon those papers, reading thera care-
fully, who was entitled by prima facie right
to a seat in this House, would the committee
have come to the conclusion that they must
decide that some one had such a right, or would
they not in such a ease have said, just as I
would do upon the present state of facts, that
no person appears by the papers specified to
be entitled prima facie to the seat?
Mr. DICKEY. Then, as I understand, the
gentleman would proceed upon the ground that
the House has directed the committee to con-
sider as evidence that which is not evidence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not acting here as a
member of the committee and under instruc-
tions. I am acting here as a member of the
House of Representatives, the subject having
come back to us for decision. No matter how
the committee may have felt restricted, if their
report embodies a conclusion in the shape of a
resolution to which I do not agree and cannot
give my assent, it is my duty acting upon this
case as a judge, to dissent from that resolution
by my vote.
Now, let us look at these different portions
of the evidence. First, let me refer to the
proclamation that was to be considered by the
committee. What does it declare? In this
proclamation the Governor announces:
" That no -such returns of the election have been
received by the secretary of the Commonwealth ay
wouid, under the election laws of the State, author-
ize me to proclaim the name of any person as having
been returned duty elected a member of the House
of Representatives of the United States for that
district."
Surely nobody can claim anything under that
proclamation. So far as that goes it negatives
completely the idea that anybody has a prima
facie right to the seat.
Now, let us advance to the next portion of
the evidence. It is the letter of the Governor,
and I will i ead it:
Pexnsylvinia Executive Chamber,
Hakbisburg, Pennsylvania, February 2i, 1869.
_ Sill: I have the honor to transmit herewith addi-
tional affidavits and evidences of fraud submitted to
inc m regard to the election of momber of Congress
in the twentv-tirst congressional district of this State.
These affidavits wore taken before officers properly
authorized to administer oaths, and indicate the
election of Hon. John Covode.
Most respectfully, your obedient serv.-mt,
JOHN W. GEARY,
Governor of Peiimulvunia.
Hon. Edward McPheeson, Olerl; of the Bouse of
jLeprestmtatwev, Washington, D. C.
Now my colleague [Mr. Stevensox] argues
that this letter is equivalent to aproclamation.
'Well, sir, rather than have any dispute with
him that shall not be perfectly fair, I -will admit
for the sake of argument that this letter is a
proclamation. But what does it proclaim ?
In a letter which the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania writes to the Clerk of this House he
incloses certain ex parte affidavits and proofs
of frauds alleged to have occurred in that
election; and he proclaims, if gentlemen pre-
fer that word, along with the conveyance of
these papers, his opinion that upon the merits
of this case, if they should ever be inquired
into, by proof taken under notice in due form,
John Covode will be enabled to establish suc-
cessfully his claim to a seat in the House of
Representatives.
In this letter the Governor does not touch
the question of prima facie right. He has
settled that by his proclamation. According
to that proclamation nobody has such a return
as entitles him prima facie to the seat. But,
looking not to the prima facie case, but to the
merits of the question, the Governor in his
letter gives it as his opinion that when the
merits shall come to be investigated,-if John
Covode shall be enabled by testimony to sub-
stantiate the averments contained in these ex
parte affidavits he will probably succeed in
establishing his right to the seat. Now, I am
willing to admit that. I think from all I have
seen of the case that he will be able to show
that he was legally elected. 1 believe that theie
have been indicated, and will perhaps be pre-
sented in due form if the merits ot this case
between the respective parties shall ever be
properly inquired into, abundant proofs to show
that there were such frauds as in an inquiry
upon the merits ought to give the seat to John
Covode.
But my opinion does not settle the question.
It doe? not touch the question of the prima
facie ease ; neither does the letter of the Gov-
ernor, whether you call it an opinion or a
proclamation to all the world. But upon the
merits of the case when it shall come to be
inquired into he says that these ex parte proots
indicate that John Covode will have to be
declared entitled to the seat. That is the whole
case.
Now, then, it seems to me it is all in a
nut-shell. We are called upon to vote for or
against a resolution that Mr. Covode has a
■prima facie right to the seat. We are called
upon to do it confining ourselves, if you please,
to this proclamation, to this letter, and to these
papers inclosed in the letter. We find that
as far as the proclamation goes it decidedly
declares that nobody has a prima facie right.
And when yon coine to the letter, which gen-
tlemen want to call a supplemental proclama-
tion, that simply declares the opinion of the
Governor that when you come to look into the
merits of the case it will be found that Mr.
Covode is elected. But that does not touch
the prima facie question. Along with that
letter must, of course, be considered thepapeis
which accompany it, which are entitled to
consideration, as the gentlemen concede, only
as they connect themselves with the opinion
of the Governor upon them.
How dangerous it would be, how very apt
such a precedent would be to come home to
roost hereafter where it was least expected or
desired, if we should say that after it has been
decided from the returns or by proclamation
of a Governor that there is not sufficient proof
ot a prima facte case the Governor, keeping
back all else, might by writing a letter inclos-
ing some ex parte statements or affidavits and
givmgan opinion upon them make out & prima
facie case to entitle a man to a seat in the
House of Representatives. There is no know-
ing where it would end and with what danger
it would run.
Take it, then, as a proclamation ; give it all
the forco that that word will convey; still you
cannot shutyour eyes to the fact that you must
see what the proclamation is. It is not that
the returns show that Mr. Covode is elected,
it is not anything that touches th & prima facie
question, but it is his opinion that upon an
inquiry into the merits ot the case, according
to what is indicated in these ex parte affidavits,
it will be found that Mr. Covcde is elected;
and I think it probable that it will. I do not
know. But I am not on that account to stul-
tify myself and vote for this resolution. I say
this in no disrespect to anybody whose opinion
may differ from mine. In my own view of the
subject, it will be a stultification of myself to
vote for the resolution declaring that Mr.
