1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Covodc is entitled prima facie to theseatwhen
1 do not see that anybody is shown to have the
prima facie right to it. The question is not,
therefore, have the committee done what they
should do in confining themselves within the
limits of the consideration they have given to
the subject; but. it isthts: supposing the com-
mittee to have fully discharged their duty, can
we, in our judgment of what is right, vote
tor the resolution which they lay before us
declaring that we think there is this prima
facie right?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would like to inquire
of my colleague whether he does not believe
it is competent for the House in a case like
this, where no party has a prima facie, case,
to direct the committee upon certain papers
to inquire which of the claimants is probably
entitled^to the seat, and to admit the person, in
whose favor the report is made ? Let me put
;t ease. Suppose the Governor of a State re-
fuses to give the certificate to anybody claim-
ing to be elected from any part of the State ;
the consequence is no man can procure the
legal evidence, prima fade, to enable him to
take- his seat. Now, is it not competent for
Congress, in advance of the investigation of
the ultimate question of the right to a seat, to
determine upon such papers as can be pro-
cured who shall take the seat for the time be-
ing? TheHou se is the exclusive judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members. Yv hen there is no vrimct J'acie evi- i
dence tarnished it can nevertheless just as well i
determine the preliminary right as the ultimate
righr to the seat, '.ind for the time being have
it tilled by him who produced the only mid the ,
best evidence in his power. i
Mr. SCHENCK. The gen tleman makes an '
argument rather than a question. Upon going ;
back I believe I find his question at the begin- ,
ning. He wants to know whether it is not ,
competent ior the House to direct an inquiry as
to who has the probable prima, facie right.
Well, it might be very possible for the House
to do that in the exercise of its power, but I
do not. think it would be right for the House
to do it. It is not always right that the House '
should exercise a power that it canexerciss. I ,
hold that we are groping here after a solution I
of the question who by iaw has a prima facie j
right to this seat, andl do not propose to resort j
to any exceedingly stringent or literal rules of j
law, but to deal liberally with every such ques- :j
tion when it comes before us. But, with all '
my groping into that question. I cannot find
that anybody is shown yet to the House to have
a shadow of prima facie right here.
Now, 1 desire to say that my reference to
this question at all in these few remarks has
been purely accidental. I took home with
me last night, finding that this case was before
us, the report of the committee, with a view to
see whether I could not say a word or two for
my old friend, John Covode ; but with all due !
deference to this committee, or the majority !'
of it, when I read the report and then caiefully J|
re read it, I was so well satisfied there was no
shadow of a case upon which we might vote
in that direction that I have felt, constrained
to jtive thus briefly my reasons for the vote I
shall give. Nobody will suspect me, I sup-
pose, of leaning too much to the Democracy.
Nobody will suppose that my fullest sympathy ;
and proclivities are not in the direction of my
old friend. But if he unfortunately comes here }
without a case I cannot find anything w ithin
my sense of propriety to induce me to vote
that he has.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask mv colleague
a question outside of the Governor's proela- !
ni.i'ion and outside of the Governor's letter. .,
l*id he ever know a ease in this Congress or '
m any legislative body anywhere where the .
Legislature was called upon to give an opin-
ion upon a prima facie ease upon evidence .
of fraud'.' '>
Mr. SOIIENCK. None at all. That issue ,!
we will go into when we come to look into the ,
merits, and I think it unfortunate that instead ,
of introducing this very singular resolution,
confined to two or three points, and seeking a
solution of the question who has the prima
facie right, there had not.been a broad reso-
lution offered instructing an inquiry, under the
order of the House, into the question who by
i right and upon the merits was elected,
j I have been so interrupted that I have taken
j up more time than I intended. I promised to
I yield ten minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Gar-
j field,] which I now do.
j Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
! Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] to yield to me for five
' minutes.
| Mr. GARFIELD. I will do bo.
! _Mr. PAINE. I ask for the floor for a few
minutes at ttiis time to correct avery erroneous
impression which I see prevails in"the House
as to the state of facts in this case. It has been
said over and over again that we have no evi-
dence in the House on this subject except these
three documents that have been presented ;
il that the only evidence we have is the procla-
ij mation of the Governor, the letter of the Gov-
j! ernor, and the inclosed affidavits. The whole
J argument seems to proceed upon that ground,
ii The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawee-Vce]
Ij asks: " In the absence of complete legal evi-
;'| dence that shall constitute a prima facie case,
what will you do? In the absence of legal evi- i
; dence what will you do?" As though legal >
; eiidence were cot in the possession of the |
, House.
What is the legal evidence in this case ? The
■ law of Pennsylvania nowhere provides that the
; proclamation of the Governor shall be sent to ,
this House at all. Yet that proclamation is an
; official act,, and when the transcript comes
1 here wc have a right to look at it. and we do
look at it. But the law of Pennsylvania does
contain a provision declaring what evidence
. shall be sent here by the Governor. The law ,
of Pennsylvamaprovides that the returns them-
selves, the returns of the district boards, shall
' be sent here by the Governor 'they7 have .
been sent here in this case, and I now hold
them in my hand. They were referred to the
] Committee of Elections by this House and put i
■ into our pigeon-holes. But we were not per-
mitted to look at them in this case under the '
resolution of the House. Y\"ho will say that
if we had been permitted to look at them we '1
would not have been able to show to-day that j'
Mr. Covode or Mr. Foster had the prima facie •
right to the seat now in question? But there ■
is something more than that. Suppose these
district returns do not show who has the prima
facie right. Suppose they prove doubtful or
informal or defective. There is another statute
of Pennsylvania which provides that the county
boards shall send to the district board the
returns of the election in each and ail of the
counties comprising the distuct. There aie
three counties m this district. These county
boards did send their returns to the district
board: and the returns of those county boards
have also been sent to this House, and by this
; House referred to the Committee of Elections.
I hold those returns in my hand now.
! Now, sii, we may go back of the proclama-
tion of the Governor, we may look at the re-
turns of the district judges, and if they furnish
a prima facie case, well and good. If not,
then we can go back to the three returns of the
three county boards, which I hold in my hand.
Vfe had them in the pigeon-holes of our com-
mittee-room, but by this resolution we have not
\ been permitted to open them in this case. I
can show this House to day, in ten minutes
time, I think, who has the prima fade right
to this seat upon these district or county re-
turns; upon these returns which are made in
accordance with the law of the State of Penn-
sylvania. Sir, 1 hold the evidence in mv hand ;
evidence that has been sent here :n strict accord-
ance with the statute of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, which statute does not provide for send-
ing hither the proclamation itself, and which
evidence, if laid before us, would, I doubt not,
have enabled us to report to this House pre-
cisely how this matter stands. But, sir, we have
not been permitted to look into this evidence,
because this resolution, for some reason or
other, has been so drawn that we were required
to inspect only the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor, the letter of the _ Governor of the 23d
of February, I860—which letter comes here
without any sanction of law, and which has no
quality of legal evidence, unless the mere fact
that it was sent to the committee-room of the
Committee of Elections, and has now been
brought down from that committee-room, im-
i, parts a quality to it which it would not other-
!\ wise have had—and the inclosed affidavits,
d taken in pursuance of no law of the State of
j Pennsylvania, taken ez^ varte, not taken in a
; casein which the law of Pennsylvania provides
, that ex parte affidavits may be used, but mere
voluntary sworn statements, which of them-
; selves are not legal evidence.
j Now, I have to say right here that if this
i House had desired a report as to the prima
ij facie right in this case, and had submitted the
proper papers to the Committee of Elections,
j. there stands no man upon this floor who can
; j say that we could not have shown what that
j right is.
IJ Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
^ me to ask him a question ?
il Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
; Mr. MAYHAM. Does the gentleman from
; V> isconsin [Mr. Paixe] claim that because the
. Committee of Elections were concluded by the *
; resolution of the Ilousethe House is therefore
• concluded bv that resolution ?
Mr. PAINE. I am very far from making
; any such assertion. But I do say that the
'] House has not no v.- the opportunity to look
into these documents and come to any rational
conclusion in this case to day.
: Mr. GARFIELD. I would inquire how
much time I have left?
Ihe SPE YRER. Five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would be glad, if what
little I have to say cannot be stated fully in the
; time left to me, to have a few minutes in addi-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield some of ray time
to the gentleman, as I shall be entitled to the
! floor at the expiration of his time.
; Mr. GA PiFfELD. My colleague from the
! Dayton district [Mr. Scuexck] has discussed
one feature in this case so clearly, and it seems
to me so exhaustively, that hardly anything
more need be said on that. Adopting as abso-
lutely correct and unanswerable what my col-
league has said on that point, I desire to call
attention to another feature of this case : that
is, the attitude in which this House stands to
tins question.
I (iesire to call attention to the fact that we
are not now restricted by any of the limitsi-
t.ons which surrounded the committee when
they were investigating the case in their com-
mittee room. They were uuder the orders of
the House, and were compelled to take the
. resolution of the 5th of March as their guide
iu the investigation. They have performed
their duty, and without saying a word as to
how they have performed it ami without going
into the question of the justice of their find-
ing, I desire to ask this House how we stand
in our relation to this case? On the 5th day
of March last there were in the possession of
this House the following documents ill relation
to this case: first, the proclamation of the
Governor of the State of Pennsylvania, in
which he declared according to law lie could
not certify that anybody had been elected in
the twenty-first congressional district of that
Slate. I hat was the first document. The
second document, written some weeks later,
was a letter of the Governor of Penn.-ylva.na
to the Clerk of this House, in which lie stated
thar he submitted certain ex puric affidavits,
and those affidavits would indicate the elec-
tion of ill'. Covode. That was the second
document. The third document was made up
of the affidavits themselves. The fourth docu-
ment, or batch of documents, were the official,
