464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
regular, leg&l returns made under authority
of the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, and
in the possession of this House. With these
four sets of documents in our possession the
House of Representatives on the 5tli day of
March selected the first three, excluding the
fourth, which was the legal official body of
returns opening the whole case. By direct
resolution we excluded that body of papers,
and said to the committee, take the Governor's
proclamation which says nobody is elected,
take the letter which expresses an opinion
that certain ex parte documents show that Mr.
Covode is elected, and take these ex parte
affidavits themselves, confine yourselves to
these documents, and tell us on that basis who
has the prima facie right to a seat in this House
from that district.
Now, will any gentleman here say that that
is a worthy way for the House of Representa-
tives to treat a great question of this sort?
When we have the best possible evidence, when
we have the only legal evidence, we resolved
deliberately, though the committee had it in
theirpigeon-holes, that they shall nottouch if,
that they shall not open it, that they shall not
read it, that they shall not allow a word of it
to go into their minds, thus shutting out, thus
excluding the only legal testimony save the
proclamation in the case. They were required
on these ex parte papers, thus restricted, to
bring in their findings. They have done that.
I do not quarrel with their findings, but I do
say if this House proceeds to pass judgment
on their findings without that body of legal
evidence which the chairman of the Committee
' of Elections has held in his hands before the
House, if we proceed to make up our judg-
ments upon these findings alone, who can
answer the charge which will be made against
us that we passed such a restrictive resolution
for the sole purpose of putting a political friend
in his seat?
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me interrupt the
gentleman for a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at this point.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without raising a word
of objection against, the findings of the majority
and minority, I propose, for the honor of the
House, that we recommit the whole subject
with instructions to the committee to take these
legal documents, to take all the papers in the
case, and after full range of all the evidence in
the case to report who is entitled to the prima
facie right to the seat.
The SPEAKER. The half hour to which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was entitled
ha? now expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe I was to have
five minutes more; and I should like very
much to finish the few remarks I have to make.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield the gentleman ten
minutes out of my time.
Mr. STEVENSON. My colleague assumes
that we have here the legal returns. Now, the
original proclamation of the Governor 
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me j I do not assume that we have the
returns.
Mr. STEVENSON. Who?
Mr. GARFIELD. The chairman of the
Committee of Elections says he holds in his
hands the returns required by the laws of
Pennsylvania, but that he has 110 right, under
the restrictive resolution of this House, to look
into them. He declares that he and his com-
mittee are not, under that resolution, permitted
to look into them at all.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to one fact. The Gov-
ernor in his first proclamation declares that
no such returns of the election have been re-
ceived by the secretary of the Commonwealth
as would, under the election laws of that State,
authorize him to proclaim the name of any
person as havin-i been returned duly elected a
member of the House of Representatives from
that District. Those are the only returns.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 hold in my I.and the
letter of the Governor of Pennsylvania, ad-
dressed to the Speaker of the House, in these
words:
Pennsylvania Executive Chamber,
Harris burg, Pennsylvania, Jjtceuber 3, iooo.
Sir : In compliance with the provisions of an act
of tho General Assembly of this Commonwealth,
approved 2d July, 1839, I have the honorto forward
you the returns of the late election m tins bt&te lor
members ot Congress; and I also send certified copies
of proclamations of election of said members.
I am. sir. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN W. GEARY.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of lieprese/uutwes.
Here I have the official letter of the Gov-
ernor in print in this document, in which he
does transmit to the House the returns required
by the statutes of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Those returns the chairman of the
Committee of Elections holds to-day in his
possession. There they are. We have eyes,
but we are not permitted to look into tnat pack-
age. We have judgments, but are notpermitted
to pass on the testimony of those returns. Our
.committee have eyes and ears and judgments,
but by the resolution of this House we refuse
to let them look or use their judgment upon
those returns. I desire to ask the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
riieformer chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, a single question, and I know that the
House will be glad to hear his answer. I re-
member on the 5th of March there was much
discussion as to the resolution we should pass
touching this election case. I remember that '
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.u] ;
had a resolution pending. _ j
The gentleman from Pennsylvania on the j
other side of the House [Mr. Woodward] also j
had one pending. The resolutions looked one ;
in one direction and one in the other, and after I
much debate and feeling the former chairman
of the Committee of Elections, [Mr. Dawes.]
a name venerable in this House and of author-
ity, offered a resolution which with but little
consideration on the part of the House was
adopted. I confess that when I voted for that
resolution, I supposed it contained a refer-
ence of the whole case and of all these papers
to the committee. Nobody, so far as I knew,
thought otherwise than that resolution did thus
open the whole case, and I now desire to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether at the
time he offered the resolution he intended to
exclude the returns the Governor of the State
had sent to this House, aud to restrict the com-
mittee only to the Governor's original proc-
lamation, to his unofficial letter and to the ex
parte, affidavits which accompanied it? I shall
be glad, for my own information and the in-
formation of the House, if he will answer that
question.
Mr. DAWES. It is a very singular interrog-
atory on the discussion in the House as to
what were the real intent and meaning of the
House when they passed this resolution. I am
asked to say what I intended. I will state to
the House, however, without reference to what
I intended, that when the discussion was going
on between myself and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] who intro-
duced some resolutions afterward, and which
were subsequently laid on the table by the
House, I stated that I supposed the only way
for ns to ascertain what constituted a prima
facie case, v/hen the Governor said he could
not ascertain, was to put ourselves precisely in
the shoes of the Governor and undertake to do
what he did not do. I think that is just what
I stated to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
when he was discussing this question. With
out stating what I meant by the resolution I
offered, I stated then what I supposed was the
duty of the House in ascertaining the prima
facie case, I will repeat it, and I will say
that I still adhere to that opinion, that I did
not know any other way except for us to put
ourselves in the shoes of the Govern jr and to
take what the law required the Governor of
Pennsylvania to take ; and we know the Gov-
ernor had proclaimed that he did not think
either one had a prima facie case. [ Laughter. ]
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman has man-
aged very adroitly to fiauk the question I put
to him.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me. I have the record
here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Penn- vlvania.
Mr. WOODWARD. My resolution was in
these words:
"Beit resolved. That the certified returns of the
return judse3 of the said twenty-first district, and
all the papers connected therewith now in the hands
of the Clerk of the House, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, wnh the same effect and for the
same purpose as if thoy had been included in the
resolution of the 5th instant."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Soo-
moved to lay that resolution on the
table. I believe eveiy Republican in this House
voted for that motion except the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes, ] aud lie voted
against it, as appears from the record .1 hold
in my hand. The gentleman from. Massachu-
setts led the House into the embarrassing posi-
tion they are now in by opposing my resolu-
tion, and then saved himself by voting as he
did.
Mr. GARFIELD. On the whole I am satis-
fied with the response of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I le says it was then his opinion
and it is his opinion now that this House shall
put itself in the shoes of the Governor of Penn-
sylvania. If we do thatwewiilhave not only the
protlamation of the Governor, but the returns
upon which he thought he could not make up
his mind, hut upon which we can make np ours.
I now offer the following resolution:
Pesofard* That so much of the proclamation of the
Governor of Pennsylvania, dated November 17,1S08,
as relates to t'ao election of Representative in the
twenty-tirst district of said State, and the letter of said
Governor, dated February 23,1869, relative thereto,
together with the papers referred to in said letter,
and the returns of said election transmitted to this
House on the od day of December, 186S, by the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania, in pursuance of the statutes
of that State, aud the report of the committee and
the views of the minority in this case, be referred to
the Committee of Elections with instructions to re-
port who is entitled prima facie to represent said
twenty-S-rscdistriet in the Forty-First Congress pend-
ing any contest that may arise concerning the right
to such representation.
Mr. CESSNA. I should like to know how
this resolution gets before the House at this
time? I object to its introduction and for this
reason: my colleague [Mr. Randall] had
the floor for thirty minutes and the gentleman
from Ohio spoke in his time. That time has
expired, and the gentleman from Ohio con-
cluded his speech in the time of the gentleman
from Wisconsin. The understanding was that
of the last hour to which I was entitled to close
the debate I should yield thirty minutes to
the chairman of the Committee of Elections.
Fifteen minutes of the last hour have already
expired, and, as I understood, it the gentleman
from Ohio had the floor for the purpose of
debate alone, and not for the purpose of sub-
mitting any proposition like that which he has
just offered. 1 therefore object to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania hold that the speeches of the
gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
Wisconsin are in his last hour?
Mr. CESSNA. The first fifteen minutes of
my hour have already expired.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to claim another hour after the previous
question has been seconded?
Mr. CESSNA. No, sir. The first, thirty
j! minutes of my last hour were assigned to the
j! chairman of the Committee of Elections, and
|j he has already given fifteen minutes of that
j time to the gentleman from Ohin.
|j The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
]i Ohio spoke by the sufferance of the gentleman
ji from Pennsylvania he will then have a right to
|j object to the introduction of thh resolution.
;j Air. GARFIELD. V\hcn my time was up,
jl that is, the first five minutes yielded to me by
!j my colleague, the gentleman from Wisconsin,
■i who was recognized in his own right, yielded
