THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3}
IN SENATE.
SwraDAY, April 3,1869.
Prayer by Rev. Mansfield French, of New-
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
buildings at fort totten.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before proceed-
ing to the morning business the Chair will lay
before the Senate an amendment of the House
of Representatives to a Senate joint resolution.
It being very brief, the Secretary will report it
to the Senate, and possibly, by unanimous
consent, it may be agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 33) relating to Government
buildings at Fort -Totten, Dakota Territory,
which was in line six, after the word " brick,"
to insert the words "and to accept those at
said fort already constructed of brick so that
the joint resolution will read:
That the Secretary of War be. and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to direct the necessary
buildings at fort Totten, Dakota Territory, to be
constructed ot brick, and to accept those at said fort
already constructed of brick.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
A. L. Bogart, of New York, praying the intro-
duction of Wilson's electric gas-lighter over
the Senate Chamber ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire whether or
not the resolution of the House in regard to
the adjournment of Congress is a privileged
question subject to be called up at any time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
as he previously stated, that it is not. By the
usage of the Senate even privileged questions
must be proceeded with by a vote after the Sen-
ate has once passed from their consideration.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint-
resolution (S. R. No. 9) granting the right of
way to the Memphis, EI Paso, and Pacific
Railroad Company from El Paso to the Pacific
ocean, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 140) to amend an act entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July 20,
1868, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 29) for the relief of Blanton
Duncan, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment, and to recommend its
passage.
Mr. McCREERY. Is that the claim of
Blanton Duncan which is reported by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. McCREERY. I move the present con-
sideration of that resolution.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate for the consideration of the report of
tne Committee on the Judiciary in regard to
the case of Blanton Duncan. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MeOREERY. I move that the Senate
proceed to its consideration.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, the morning hour business not
having been concluded, and the Senator from
Wisconsin objects.
bills introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R, No. 50) making 8an Diego, California,
a port of delivery; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. COLE. This has been before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, but how far considered
I am not advised, in connection with several
other measures. If there be no objection I
will ask that it be put on its passage now. I
will remark that San Diego is at present visited
each month by four steamers and about fifteen
sailing vessels. It is near the border of our
State, and in order to make a cargo there it is
necessary to send all the way to San Francisco,
a distance of five hundred miles, which results
in a delay of two or three weeks. It is so near
the Mexican border that a good deal of smug-
gling is carried on in that vicinity. I think the
public interest demands the passage of this
joint resolution, and I do not see that there
can be any objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I3 there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the joint
resolution ?
Mr. MORRILL. It is too important a
measure to be passed without further consid-
eration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the joint resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 251) to repeal an act entitled "An act to
prevent the importation of certain persons into
States where by the laws thereof their admis-
sion is prohibited;" which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. SUMNER. That bill was introduced at
the last session, reported upon favorably by
the Committee on the Judiciary, and passed
the Senate: but it was not taken up in the
House of Representatives. It repeals the only
statute which I believe is now found in our
books relating to slavery, and I hope there
will be no objection to acting upon it at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent for the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read in full.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &e., That the act entitled "An act
to prevent tho importation of certain persons into
States where by the laws thereof their admission
is prohibited,"approved the 28th of February, 1803,
bo, and the saino is hereby, repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to the immediate consideration of
this bill ?
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire its reference?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will lie on the
table if there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 252) to provide for the sale of certain
lots and lands of the sea islands of Beaufort
county, South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
jsight hour la.w.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instuicied to consider the expediency of passing an
act^ more clearly defining the meaning- of the act
making eight hours a dAy's work for mechanics and
laborers in the service ot the United {States.
ST. CROIX AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution of
the House of Representatives in regard to the
adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to make an appeal to
the Senator from Iowa. He was witness yester-
day to the difficulties I encountered here in
getting a little measure through ; and although
I sympathize entirely with his desire to secure
an adjournment, I ask him if he will not let
me have this morning to consider the joint
resolution which was before the Senate yester-
day morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin if he has any objection
to taking up that matter, if it is to be taken
up, at some time out of the morning hour,
when it can be fairly discussed without excit-
ing the impatience of those who have morning
hour business?
Mr. HOWE. Not the slightest; but when
the morning hour is over it is confronted with
all these public bills, and it will be inevitably
trampled down bv some of them. If the Sen-
ator from New York will allow it to come up
now, and the Senator from Iowa will withdraw
his motion for the present, I think before the
morning hour has expired we can dispose of
that matter.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask whether the
Senator wishes to take it up for ultimate action
now, or will he consent to have it referred to
a committee ?
Mr. HOWE. I will not consent to have it
referred to a committee, because it has come
from a committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator must
see that in the morning hour we cannot dis-
pose of it unless he means that the Senators
opposed to the measure shall forbear because
it is considered in the morning hour. That is
the only way in which it can be disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. It would be very unreason-
able in me to expect any forbearance after the
experience I have already had on the subject;
but 1 hoped there would be a limitation to the
opposition. I believe the opposition comes
from two Senators; and I suppose they will
not insist upon occupying the whole of the
session in opposing this little measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa withdraw his motion or insist
upon it?
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw it.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of joint resolution
Noli.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 11) extending the time to construct a
railroad from the ISt. Croix river or lake to the
west end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] to recommit the joint resolu-
tion to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont is not here, although he was here a few-
moments ago, I should be glad to have him
present when the vote is taken on that moiio i.
I he \ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to recommit.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont is here now.
The question being put, there were on a
division—aves 14, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCOTT. Am I in order in saying a
word now ?
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. SCOi'T. When this subject was before
the Senate yesterday I was not aware that it
was anything more than as was stated, a mere
local measure ; but I am in receipt of intelli-
gence from several of my constituents since
they saw the matter brought before the Senate
which, perhaps, renders it a duty to them that
I should request that this measure do go before
a committee. I will state briefly the reasons.
I do not know what there may be in them ; the
Senator from Wisconsin can perhaps tell better
than I, but the information which is given to
me is this : that the grant which is sought to
be revived^ is one which has once already been
extended; that during the first period of the
