4m-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April H,
whom I think he will know in some sense, who
are affirmatively, to say the least, opposed to
this scheme.
If it be true that petitions asserting the facts
stated in the heading which 1 sent to the Sec-
retary and had read have been sent to the
other House of Congress and are there, hav-
ing been filed away in the office of the Clerk,
according to the custom and rules of both
Houses, at the end of a session which term-
inates a Congress, I think I might submit to
the candor of the Senator with some confi-
dence that it would be appropriate that before
acting upon tnis measure somebody, the Sen-
ators fiom Wisconsin if not the whole Senate,
or a committee here, should see and know
tow the facts may be.
.The Senator is presuming on the idea that
nobody in Wisconsin is opposed to this. If
it be true that petitions of anything like the
length represented to me were recently, before
the conclusion of the other session, presented
in the House, it would certainly dispel that
idea from his mind.
Mr. HOWE. Not a bit of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not sure that I
nnderstand the Senator; but if I hear liini
aright, he says "not a hit of it," meaning
thereby that if he should have presented to
him in writing evidence that hundreds of citi-
zens were protesting, it would not qualify his
statement that no one in Wisconsin was op-
posed to it.
Mr. HOWE. They were protesting last
February.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
what the change of dynamics has been since
last February.
Mr. HOWE. A change, not of dynamics,
but of dynasty. It is a new company, acting
under new instructions.
Mr. CONKLING. So I am informed, a
new company. I am informed that while this
company had for its Alpha and Omega Cana-
dian interests, Wisconsin was quite cold, to
say the least, on the subject. When a rear-
rangement took place, and Wisconsin parties
were let in, those parties, with such persons
as sympathized with them, became very warm
where they had previously been cold. That
I am told, and that corresponds entirely with
what the Senator understands, and corrobo-
rates what he says. If an argument is to be
drawn from that in favor of the fairness in
it-self of this proposition 1 admit my inability
to comprehend truly the considerations which
pertain to it.
Now, sir, there are some facts that I think
cannot be doubted and have not been denied.
One is that this grant was made thirteen years
ago to the State of Wisconsin upon condition
that a railroad was to be built from a certain
terminus to a certain terminus generally indi-
cated, and upon the further condition that the
grant was to be forfeited unless that road was
constructed within ten years. When the ten
years came round, upon promises abundant j
and positive, as I am told, an extension of the '
grant was obtained for five years. The Sen-
ator shakes his head. Am I mistaken about
that?
Mr. HOWE. Mistaken about the time the
grant expired.
Mr. CONKLING. I have the dates before
me, and I will refer to them. The grant is
noted on the memorandum in my hand as hav-
ing been made on the 3d of June, 1856, and it
was of land to the State of Wisconsin to aid
the construction of a road from the St. Croix
river to the^ west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield. I he road was to be completed in
ten years, or the grant to be forfeited, and the i
grant was often sections to the mile for about
two hundred and twenty'miles of road and
branches—a very valuable grant if the lar.d
was timbered as heavily as the Senator has
slated. This grant was assigned to the St.
Croix and Lake Superior Railroad Company.
For eight yei>rs the odd' sections were with
drawn from settlement, and the even sections
put up in price to $2 50 an acre. The whole
region was kept unsettled. Nothing whatever
was done by the company except to sell the
pine timber on the ground under stumpage
contracts and pocket the proceeds. Not a rod
of road was built.
I make these statements from a memoran-
dum furnished to me, of course not professing
myself to have personal knowledge of the facts.
In May, 1864, on promises to build the road
and against the remonstrance of the settlers,
Congress was persuaded to extend the time for
building the road five years. That was five years
from 1864, making in all, as I understand it,
thirteen years. Under this extension nota rod
of road was built; a little grading was done on
which to base a deceptive allegation that the
road was being constructed, and that was all
except that the cutting, and selling of the
timber went on briskly—an immense body of
land in the meanwhile being kept out of'market
and half the country kept unsettled.
In general terms, I believe there is no doubt
about th .'se facts. Here, then, is a very valu-
able grant, valuable for the land and valuable
for the timber, which was supposed to be the
basis of a railroad between the points named,
and in truth, up to this time, no road whatever
has been constructed, except, if I understand
the Senator, on some section there is thirty
miles of road. In the mean time, as 1 am told,
a road is in rapid process of completion from
St. Paul to Bayfield, a plat of which has been
furnished to me marked, the road running, if
completed, as I understand, from St. Paul to
Bayfield, but as it is being built deflecting and
going across to the west end of Lake Superior.
1 do not think 1 am mistaken about it. If
I am, the actual residents of the vicinity are
very much mistaken as to what is going for-
ward. That road, then, except thatitmakesa
bend, may be truly denominated a parallel
road, which in the mean time has sprung up
and advanced far toward completion.
Stopping there, because I do not want to
spend an unnecessary moment on this question,
and asking the Senate to bear in mind these
facts, I ask the Senate also to consider what
the question is that is presented to us. Here
for thirteen years this grant has been running.
For thirteen years it has been employed to its
own impoverishment by the timber being re-
moved and sold by the grantee of the State of
Wisconsin. I do not care now whether it
was by Mr. Wintermute aud those whom he
represents in Canada or whether it was by the
company in Wisconsin to which it is proposed
now to join the fortunes of this scheme. Suffice
it to say that by virtue aud in consequence of
this grant it has been denuded of timber of
great value in the mean time_, and no road has
been constructed. While this has been going
on, under otner auspices and by other means
a railroad has been built which supplies the
public want which was argued when this grant
was made, and now the proposition is that we
are to extend for five years ihe opportunity to
Wisconsin to makeover to we know not whom,
for some reason—it has been thought well not
to state it in the bill—but to any company that
may be designated forfive years this grant, with
the safeguard, says the Senator irom Wiscon-
sin, that every eighteen months it must build
twenty miles. He called our attention to that,
and so the bill shows, " shall complete twenty
miles of said road within eighteen months
from the date of extension."
As I understand, eighteen months after the
extension of this grant will be a time sufficient
to enable the company to do all they have not
done alreadyiu helpingthemselvestothetimber
upon these lands. Just fix the limit of the first i
eighteen months and make au estimate, and it ,
is just as good, I am told, as eighteen years '■
would be for that purpose. i
Now, I ask whether it be rigbf upon these !
facts, that in the language of ti-cse petitions !
and of letters which I have received this land !
should be still longer monopolized and kept '
out of the market while the timber is being |
removed in place of being opened to settlement
and public competition by all t.he people of this
country just as other public lands are? If not,,
why not? We have heard in other cases of
vested rights, of equities, and all that. Is there
any equity here ? Does anybody pretend that
any investment has been made upon the faith
of this grant? On the contrary,- it is a ease of
bald laches and default, saying nothing about
caking of! the timber. In the next place it is a
case of waste, and of very reprehensible waste,
in removing this valuable timber. In the third
place it is a case where the advance of progress
has superseded that need for which this original'
grant was to provide ; and in the fourth place
it is a case where a public injury has been in-
flicted, where an injury has been inflicted not
upon private individuals or corporations merely,
but upon communities residing in the vicinity
of this great body of land thus withdrawn and
monopolized, and inflicted for the benefit of
those who arelooking to future profit and specu-
lation,- and who come here with no claim what-
ever showing that they have made investments
or put themselves i-n a situation which will sub-
ject them to loss or injustice if an' extension of
this grant does not take place.
Why not let it go to a committee and be ex-
amined? The honorable Senator from-Wiscon-
sin may say that in the mean time it will pass
over this session, and before December May
will come, and the grant will have lapsed. Very
well: that will necessitate the change of one
word in this bill: you will be compelled next
December to use the word renewed " in place
of the word ''extended." That, I think-, is the
most serious- evil which will grow out of that.
I submit that this is a case, upon what was
said by the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, for investigation-, for kno-wing who-
the men are who represent this new scheme to-
possess themselves of this great franchise and
thisgreatgrant—a grantof vast valuein-money,
as I am told ; so much value that if it were'
stated here in dollars it would present a very
different question to the apprehension of the
Senate. Let us know who these parties are \
upon what consideration it is to be done, and
how in truth it does affect those whose vested
rights have intervened ; and then if it be right,
although technically the time may have lapsed,
.et us in December, if we cannot reach it now,
legislate deliberately upon it. But last of all,
it seems to me, ought we in this manner, under
the whip and spur of the morning hour, where
there has been no real investigation in com-
mittee and with men asking in good faith for
an opportunity to be heard and to state their
facts, to take it up when it has gone forth in
the newspapers that general business was not
to be considered, when nobody was bound to-
be prepared and nobody has been prepared
with remonstrances, petitions, or facts relating-
to subjects which it had been given out to the
world were not to be considered at this ses-
sion?
Mr. President, before taking my seat, I beg
to assure the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, in answer to a remark which he made the
precise animus of which I am not sure I under-
stand, that I have not intended to expend ono
unnecessary moment on this subject. Let me
assure him further that I have a memorandum
here of various facts which I have not referred
to, and which, if this measure could have been-
taken up at a more deliberate moment, I
should have felt, not only at liberty, but bound
to present to the attention of the Senate. I
make as rapidly as I can these suggestions,
assuring the Senate that I do not wish to oc-
cupy one moment of its time unnecessarily,
but believing that we are urged to proceed to-
a conclusion which would not be reached if
this resolution could be deliberately considered-
in the ordinary manner in which matters of
this sort are supposed, to be considered in the
Senate and in other deliberative bodies
Mn POMEROY. I will not occupy time
on this question any further than to say, in
reply to a remark of the .Senator from Now
