1869.
mi G01NGEESSI0N!£ globe.
York, that the Committee on Public Lands
could not investigate the character and stand-
ing of any company, especially a company that
has never built any road, and so we struck out
of the resolution all that related to any par-
ticular company, and followed the usual method
of giving the lands to the State for any com-
pany the State might designate. The State in
tliese cases is made the trustee of the Govern-
ment to administer trusts of this kind. We
think if any party can be trusted it is the
State, and not a company that we never knew
anything about. This company may be all
that is claimed for it. We do not know any-
thing ag-ainst them; we do not know anything
for them.
Mr. CONKLING. Who does the Senator
understand in reality is to represent theinterest
of the State of Wisconsin ?
Mr. POMEROY. The State.
Mr. CONKLING. Who is the prospective
grantee of the State in fact ? I see the name
which was stricken out of the resolution, but
who in reality does represent it?
Mr. POMEROY. I confess I do not know
anything of it except the name. I never saw
the men, never heard of them, and nobody
ever saw me on the subject; and in the absence
of all knowledge I thought it best, if the grant
was renewed, that it should be renewed to the
State, and let the State take the responsibility
ol putting it into the hands of any company
they might judge to be proper.
1 will say furthermore, that while this matter
was in the hands of the committee there was
no adverse interest represented. We never
thought of there being any and did not know
of any. I never heard, until it came into the
Senate, that this was to conflict with other
interests and adverse rights. The committee
may have been hasty because the session was
about to close and it was thought the grant
would lapse; and so we had but one session
of tlie committee upon it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. POMEKOiT. In one moment. I see
how short the time is, and I do not want to
occupy any portion of it. The committee
desired only to do justice to the State of Wis-
consin ; and if there were adverse interests
they were not represented; we did not know
anythiug about tliem. But as the grant was
about to lapse in May, under the representation
of tbe Senators and members from that State
we proposed to renew the grant to tbe State,
and leave it there. Now it is for the Senate
and Congress to say whether it shall be renewed
or not. The committee thought they had done
their duty about it; and yet if they had bad
all these facts before them they would have
investigated the case still further. They did
not have them before them ; but the Senate
have them, and they can do what they choose
about it.
Mr. .ROBERTSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, a question for the pur-
pose of getting information. The question is
this: did he, as chairman of that committee,
know that there was a grant from St. Paul up
to Duluth, on the western end of Lake Supe-
rior—a grant of one million six hundred thou-
sand acres of land ? Did he know further that
that road was now being constructed, some
forty miles being already built, and that the
road will be completed by the 1st day of Jan-
uary next, with a cash capital ot over five mil-
lion dollars?
Mr. POMEROY. I knew of that land grant.
I did'not know anythiug of tbe condition of
the work. 1 knew of that grant as 1 know ot
ail the laud grants in the United States. I here
is net a land grant in any ot the States tliat
"have not been called upon to examine.
Mr. NYE. Will the Seualor allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. POMEitOY. Yes, sir; I will allow
anybody.
Mr. NYE- To whom were these lands
granted before? Were they granted to the
State, or directly to the company ?
Mr. POMEROY. To the State. The State
is made the trustee for the Government to
administer the grant in all these cases, except
in a few instances like the Pacific railroad, or
something of that kind.
Mr. NYE. These lands having been so long
held for this purpose and not applied, I think
it is the duty of Congress to insure, if possible,
the completion of this work, if it can be done.
1 move, therefore, in the twentieth line to
strike out the word ''twenty" and to insert
"thirty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nevada thata motion
to recommit precludes a motion to amend, as a
motion to amend is of a lower grade than a
motion to recommit. On the motion to recom-
mit the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NYE. I desire only to say one word
on this question. It seems that these lands
have been held for thirteen or fourteen years,
and no road has been built, and that another
road has been run directly parallel to this in-
tended route. It seems to me, therefore, that
it is due to the country aud the persons inter-
ested there that this corporation should not tie
up these lands any longer. I think it is pru-
dent, therefore, that this joint resolution should
be recommitted. If the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] is right in his conclusions
he will see at once that the recommitment will
only delay the measure a day or two. If this
is an actual, living company that is going to
apply these lands the Committee on Public
Lands can find it out, and can at the same time
give the persons who think it is not an oppor-
tunity to be heard before that committee and
state the reasons why they doubt the fulfill-
ment of this contract. I hope, therefore, that
the bill will be recommitted.
The question being taken by )jeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 26 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, dole. Conkling, Davie,
Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Morrill, Nye, Patterson,
Pratt, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
and Thayer—17. _ . „
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Chandler. Penton, Fowler, Grimes, Harris,
Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morton, Norton, Osborn.
Pool. Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Stockton, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Wiliey, Williams, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buokmsham, Cam-
eron, OasstsrJy, OattGll, Corbett, Cragin, Drako, Ferry,
Feesenden, Hamilton, Harlan, Kellogg, MeOreory,
Pomeroy, Boss, Saulsbury, Snencer, Sprague, Iliur-
man, Vickors, Warner, and Yates—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. What is the unfinished busi-
ness ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution which the Senate proceeded to consider
last evening on the motion of the Senator from
Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer.] The Secretary will
report its title.
The Chief Clerk. "A joint resolution (H.
R. No. fi) for the protection of the interests
of the United States in the Union Pacific Rail-
way Company, and for other purposes."
Mr. HOWE. We have got through the de-
bate on this subject; and I ask the Senator
from Nebraska to allow that matter to lie over
informally until we can dispose of this joint,
resolution. I take it that Senators who are
opposed to this measure will acquiesce in the
decision already made. They do not mean to
make factious opposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I, for one, have no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks that the unfinished busi-
ness be laid aside informally
Mr. CONKLING. Not informally, borne
of the rest of us have measures that we want
considered. If a motion is made to put it
aside let it be made.
Mr. HOWE. I move to postpone the regu-
lar order for thirty minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The Senator
from Wisconsin moves to postpone the unfin-
ished business until half past one o'clock. .
Mr. SHERMAN. . I trust nothing will be
allowed to interfere with this important Pacific
railroad measure, which involves the interest "
of the Government, in my judgment, to - the
amount of several million dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to my
friend from Ohio not to waste the half hour in
discussing the order of business. We can dis-
pose of this matter in a short time. Let us vote
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, this is
just one of those kind of disputes between two
rival corporations that is likely to take time,
while every day of postponement of thisPacifio
railroad measure in my judgment involves a
very severe loss to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur entirely with
the Senator; but we shall, lose the half hour
in this debate if it is, continued, while we can
get through with the measure in that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to debate
it. I simply wish to say that I hope the un-
finished business will not be postponed.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether if this motion prevails the*
joint resolution which was called up on my
motion last evening will be resumed at the end
of the thirty minutes ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be resumed
exactly at half past one o'clock, unless the
Senate should be engaged in a roll-call at that
time, when it will be resumed as soon as the
roll-call is concluded. The roll-call cannot be
arrested except by the constitutional expira-
tion of Congress. With that exception, it will
come up at half past one o'clock if the motion
should prevail.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 26, noes 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate joint res-
olution No. 11, in regard to the St. Croix and
Lake Superior railroad, is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. NYE. Now, I move to amend the joint
resolution by striking out in the twentieth line
the word "twenty" and inserting "thirty;"
so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That said railway company shall com-
plete twenty miles of said road within eighteen
months from the date of extension hereby granted,
and at the rate ot thirty miles per year thereafter
until the same is finished.
Mr. HOWE, I hope that amendment will
not be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that it ap-
peared to be agreed to by the sound.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a division.
Mr. NYE. Now, I desire to say in one word
why I offer this amendment. This grant has
been once renewed, having been first made for
ten years, and it has hung by the eyelids for
fifteen years; and I see in this joint resolu-
tion no guarantee that it will be used any differ-
ently for fifteen years to come than it has been
for fifteen years last past. I insist upon it,
therefore, that it is due to the settlers in that
country that such an earnest should be given
of the intention to construct this road as to
allay the suspicion that this grant is only ex-
tended for the purpose of allowing these men
further to cut the timber off these lands and
not build any road. .
Mr. HOVyE. If the Senator will indulge
me, I see the distress that that will cause in
Nevada, and I withdraw the call for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
, withdraws the demand for a division. Ihe
j amendment is agreed to.
| Mr. CONKLING. In which line was
1 "twenty" changed to "thirty?"
The Chief Clerk. In the twentieth hue.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it ought also. tcbe
changed in the eighteenth line,, so as to cor
respond.
Mr. HOWE.
There is no correspondence
lieMr.SN?E. Yes; the word "twenty'
1 in tha
