m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
eighteenth line should be changed to " thirty."
I make that motion.
Mr. COALING. There is an additional
reason, if the Senator will allow me a moment,
because in the eighteenth-line they are allowed
eighteen months to build twenty miles, whereas
in the place where the Senate has changed it
it is required to be done within twelve months ;
so that to preserve the same proportion it ought
to be not only thirty, but forty miles ; certainly
it should be thirty in eighteen months if it is
to be thirty every twelve- months afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada, to strike out •' twenty," in the eighteenth
line, and to insert " thirty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. GONKLING. I should like to propose
ail amendment to the conclusion of the joint
resolution. In lines twenty-one, twenty-two,
and twenty-three I move to strikeout the words
" that portion of said land to which said com-
pany shall not be entitled to patents " and in-
sert in lieu thereof the words "the land em-
braced in said grant;" so that the proviso will
read :
Provided, That said railway company shall com-
plete thirty miles of said l-oad within eighteen
months from tbo date of extension hereby granted,
and at tbo rate of thirty miles per year tlnneafter
«util the same is finished; andshou'd s.iid company
fail to do so tfie land embraced in said grant shall
revert to the United States, and shall be immediately
placed in market,
Mi;. HOWE. Just one word. The original
grant, like all grants, authorizes the State to
sell one hundred aud twenty sections before, the
work commences, and then, as last as twenty
miles are built, to sell one hundred and twenty
sections more, and it forfeits, all lands unsold
whenever there is a failure to comply with the
conditions of the grant. The amendment has
just this effect: that although every mile of
road might be built but the last section, and
under the provision of the grant all the lands
sold except those applicable to build the last
section, yet the State would have to refund for
the whole grant. The State could not afford
to do that.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make two inquiries: first, is not this
road an entire thing from one end to the other ?
Is it not intended to be a single line of road,
entire in itself?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLTNG. It is not, therefore, like
a road which might be built from one point to
another point, and live upon the way travel,
although it did not go any further: but, to use
the expression, itis a through road from term-
inus to terminus. 1 am right in that. Now, I
ask the Senator whether thirty miles the first
eighteen months, and after that thirty miles in
each twelve months, is not so clearly within
the power of a company that really means to
build the road that there is no danger what-
ever ill making that condition-precedent?
Mr. HOWE. No such condition was ever
imposed upon a land-grant company before.
Mr. COCKLING. That is not a very good
answer, 1 think. If I were going to cine pre-
cedents for had legislation I should look for
them in the direction to which the Senator
refers. 1 do not know of any yistance like
this, in which an extension or a renewal of a
land grant has ever been made. Within my
limited observation I do not believe vou can
find an instance of such a thing as this in any
language of legislation. The Senator declines
to answer my question, and 1 therefore venture
to state the proposition. If this, be an honest
proceeding it is^to build an entire road from
point to point. The time allotted here, even
under the amendment made by the honorable
Senator from Nevada, is so abundant, it leaves
a margin so broad, as everybody knows who
knows anything about it, that there is no pos-
sibility-of fai'.uraif- there be good faith. The
possibility of failure is that pointed out by
these remonstrants, that it is a speculative
venture ; it is a thing to be carried on for
speculation, and not for honestly laying the
iron on the ground and operating a railroad
after it has been laid on the ground. If it is
honest why should we not now, after thirteen
years of waste and laches, put as a condition-
precedent that they shall lay down their iron
upon the penalty of losing their grant?
Mr. HOWE. That is the penalty.
Mr. CONKL1NG. No; I beg the Senator's
pardon. They may go just as far with this
road, mile by mile, as they choose to occupy
or devastate, and pari passu with their going
they have forever their grant. Now I insist,
that being a simple, entire proposition, they
ought to construct their road or pay the penalty
of not doing it if they are to have a new lease
at the end of these thirteen years. If that is
unreasonable, let us vote it down, but if it is
a reasonable requisition, let us see if we can-
not put at least one anchor to the windward
which we can tie a hope to, at least, that some-
thing will come out of what I think is this
extraordinary legislation.
Mr. HOWE. No such condition was ever
imposed upon a State yet, and I say it would
be the height of injustice to impose it upon
Wisconsin. I ask for a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from New York.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 16. noes 24.
Mr. S FE WART. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to sayjustone
word. It is surprising to me how any mem-
ber of the Senate can vote to divest the title
acquired from the United States in good faith,
as every man's titie would be who purchased a
portion of this land when put into market.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the honorable
Senator a question. Does not the State hold
this land as trustee for this road?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly, and has
express authority to sell it after the road is com-
pleted thirty miles at a time ; aud if an inno-
cent man buys the land aud pays the money for
it and makes a farm on it the proposition is
now, if the whole road is not completed, that
that settler's land that he has paid for and cul-
tivated shall be taken away from him.
Mr. CONKL1NG. May 1 ask a question of
the honorable Senator? if this amendment is
put in the resolution would it be true that the
State of Wisconsin could innocently sell, or
that any purchaser could innocently buy, this
land before the road was completed?
Mr. TRUMBU LL. Unquestionably itwould.
Mr. CONKLING. Notwithstanding this
caveat was filed? Although 1 differ with great
reluctance from the Senator, 1 should say if
on tne face of the law not only constructive
notice but express notice was given that the
whole conveyance of the title was conditioned
upon the compi&tion of the road, as a condi-
tion-precedent before which no title could vest,
it would be very far-fetched to assert that any
man could innocently buy, or that any State
could innocently sell, what the law on its face
said he should not buy and it should not sell.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands whether
under the joint resolution as it now stands, if
the amendment should not be agreed to, this
company can get title to any land beyond the
terminus of the completed part of their road
as the road proceeds?
Mr. POMEROY. I think not.
Mr. GRIMES. It now stands as all land-
grant roads stand.
Mr. POMEROY. It revives the grant and
the provision of the old law. The law of 1864,
when the Senator himself [Mr. Harlan] was
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
applied the conterminous principle. The law of
1855 did not; but when we extended aud en-
larged the grant in 1864 we then gave them
four additional sections per mile and applied
the conterminous principle. This revives the
grant under that law, as 1 understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. Why not apply the same
rule to this that has been applied to all other
land grants recently made?
Mr. POMEROY^ What is that?
Mr. HARLAN. The conterminous principle.
Mr. POMEROY. I say it is in the law of
1864.
Mr. HARLAN. Is it in this joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. HOWE. The chairman says that this
resolution extends the grant under the re-
strictions applied in 1864, which do apply the
conterminous principle. I think he is mis-
taken. The law of 1856 applied the contermi-
nous principle also.
Mr. POMEROY. No; it did not. There
is no conterminousprinciplein thelaw of 1856.
It is in the law of 1864.
Mr. HOWE. I may be mistaken in that.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from New
York would modify his amendment so as to
make this resolution conform to the principle
that now controls in all similar grants I would
support it. I think the Department gave an
erroneous construction to the law of 1856, and
authorized companies to get title to one hun-
dred and twenty sections of land before they
did any work, and then, after the comple-
tion of a section of the road twenty miles in
length, to get title to one hundred and twenty
sections more of the public land; so that it
placed it clearly within the power of a State
or company to get title to one hundred and
twenty sections of land without buiiding any
road.
Mr. POMEROY. That was the law of 18-56.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The law of 1856 is the
very law referred to, which alone is to govern
this case. Then, in place of the conterminous
principle being here, if the Senator is right now,
by express provision of this law it is excepted
from the conterminous principle.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read
the resolution a little further he will see that it
says:
All lands to bo conveyed by patents directly to
said company upon the same terms aud conditions
as are contained in the acts granting land to said
State approved June 3,1853, aud May 5.1884.
The fact about it is, that within the ten-mile
limit the law of 1856 prevails; but to what we
g-ave outside of the ten-mile limit the conteim-
inous principle is applied, and the law of 1864
will govern that; so that outside of the ten mile
limit they cannotget laud beyond the completed
sections.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. But inside they can
Mr. POMEROY. Inside they can.
Mr. CONLvLlNGr. Exactly.
Mr. HARLAN. Why nofcadd after the clause
the honorable Senator has read:
That title shall not be granted to any
land beyond the terminus of tiio completed sections
of said road.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that, and the committee have none.
Mr. HOWE. I have none.
Mr. POMEROY. But the committee thought
if we renewed it at all we would renew it
under existing law.
Mr. HARLAN. I will move that amend-
ment. Ihat will make this resolution conform
to the general principle.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will see
that so far as the act of 1856 and the act of
1864 are in conflict the act of 1856 would pre-
vail. From what he has told us it would fol-
low, as he says, that inside the ten miles the
conterminous principle would notprevail ai all;
aud, in other respects, if there be a conflict
between the two the act of 1856 would govern.
I think we had better know what we are doing.
Mr. POMEROY. The act of 186-4 is later
than the act of 1856, and will therefore prevail.
Mr. CONKLING. But I understood the
