474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
resumed the consideration of the following
concurrent resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives :
JRetolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Speaker
of the House and President of the Senate adjourn
their respective Houses of the Forty-First Congress
of the United States on Tuesday, the 6th day of April
next, at twelve o'clock meridian, without day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator l'rom
South Carolina [Mr. Robertson].to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
to fix the day of adjournment on the 15th
instant.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. THAYER. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is to fix Thursday, the 15th
of April.
Mr. MORTON. I rise merely to suggest
that I think we shall be able to act more in-
telligently on this resolution after waiting some
days and seeing what progress we have made
in disposing of the measures that Congress
ought to act upon before it adjourns. For that
reason I shall not now vote to fix any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, to name
the 15th of April.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] to fix Saturday, the 10th
of April.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator if he
will not make it Friday, as that will accom-
modate a good many who object to Saturday?
i will not move an amendment", but suggest it
to the Senator from Maine.
Several Senators. Let it be Saturday.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to inter-
pose on this question, and! shall occupy but a
moment's time. There are several bills not
yet acted upon in the Senate. There is a bill
amendatory of the tax law which will bring
before tbe Senate one or two disputed ques-
tions on which there will be some debate, very
little I hope, but I never can speak as to the
length of debate in the Senate. I do not see
that we can fix any limit to the session until
the amendments to the tax bill and the cur-
rency bill and the Indian appropriation bill
are out of the way. Bel'ore we see the end
of those measures I will not vote for any day
of adjournment. The tax bill has not yet
been discussed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to
my colleague to change the time named to
Tuesday week. I think by that time we ought
to get through all our business. I do not
think it would be safe to fix Saturday—a week
from to-day. From the condition of the In-
dian appropriation bill I do not believe that
it will be acted upon in the House until Tues-
day, if it is then. In that case it will come
back here on Wednesday morning, or per-
haps Tuesday evening, and a committee of
conference will be appointed. From what took
place before, and from the temper of the two
Ilouses with reference to it, I think there must
be several days consumed by the committee of
conference on that bill; and it would be unsafe,
in my judgment, to rely upon getting through
with that bill ana having it enrolled and signed,
for there is very considerable work to be done
upon it, so early as Saturday. It may possi-
bly be done, but I doubt whether it will be.
I think, however, we ought to get through the
business on Tuesday week, and I would sug-
gest to my colleague to change his motion to
that, day. It' he does not, the Senate must
decide upon such day as it sees fit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in the power of
the two Houses to extend the time. If we
take the whole of next week it seems to me
we shall be safe ; and if the Indian bill should
turn out to be in the condition stated by the
Senator from Maine we can postpone the
time. I hope we shall adhere to Saturday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The probability is if
we fix Saturday that by the time it is ascer-
tained, if it shall be ascertained, that we can-
not get through then there will not be a quo-
rum of the other House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, there will.
Mr. FESSENDEN". No. We have found,
over and over again, that the last two days there
is not a quorum. It depends altogether on the
good nature of gentlemen whether we shall
extend the time or not. My opinion is that it
will not be safe to fix an earlier day than Tues-
day. I should be very glad to do it, fori think
a good deal of the legislation is bad and dan-
gerous and might be dispensed with, but still
there is some absolutely necessary legislation
to be done, and if the Indian- bill fails again
we shall be in a very uncomfortable condition.
Mr. THAYER. We have already had an
illustration of what would have been the bad
result of agreeing to the House resolution pro-
posing an adjournment on next Tuesday, which
was pressed so earnestly by my friends from
New York and Rhode Island.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the illustration
we have had?
Mr. THAY'ER. I am coming to that if my
friend's patience will allow him to wait.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time fixed
for the resumption of the unfinished business
having arrived, it is now again before the Sen-
ate, being House joint resolution No. 6.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to postpone the
unfinished business for thirty minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone the unfin-
ished business until quarter after two o'clock.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I rise to
a personal explanation 
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest that no Senator
can interpose a personal explanation during the
pendency of a question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Rhode Island that
personal explanations are generally submitted
in the Senate at the opening of the session,
there being then no other business before the
body. The unfinished business of yesterday
is now before the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I beg the indulgence of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit it, then, to the Senate. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. TIPTON. I object at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska objects at this time.
Mr. CONKLING. I presume the Senator
will not object after the vote is taken on the
adjournment resolution.
Mr. TIPTON. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then very likely the
Senator from Rhode Island does not care
whether he is heard now or a moment hence.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It would be better for me
before the adjournment question is disposed
of. I beg the indulgence of my friend from
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to the Senator
from Nebraska if the Senator from Rhode
Island asks leave to make a personal explana-
tion that he have the unanimous consent of the
Senate. I never knew it refused. I hope my
friend from Rhode Island will not interpose it
at this moment; but if he does, I trust no Sen-
ator will object.
Mr. TIPTON. I cannot until the disposi-
tion of this question. That is understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone its further
consideration until a quarter past two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The adjourn-
ment resolution is now before the Senate, and
the pending question is on the motion of the
Senator from. Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] to strike
out "Tuesday, the 6th," and insert "Satur-
day, the 10th." The Senator from Nebraska
[ Mr. Thayer] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I was about to point out
what would have been the unfortunate results
if we had agreed to the House resolution which
named next Tuesday. Every Senator can see
now that we are not ready to adjourn and can-
not possibly be ready by next Tuesday. Does
my friend from New York now see that result ?
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
wishes me to answer him. I beg to say that I
have no doubt that if two or three days ago
we had fixed next Tuesday as the day of ad-
journment on that day we could have adjourned
with all the business done that we ought to do,
and as well done as it will be now. I have no
doubt whatever about it.
Mr. THAYER. Experience gives us the
best information on that point. The honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
and the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs have used all due diligence in
pressing the Indian appropriation bill through,
as every Senator knows, and it was completed
only last evening at the hour of adjournment.
Now, I undertake to say to my friend from
New York that the business could not have
been brought to a termination by next Tues-
day, and that is the best proof of it.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
will allow me. If he means that it could not
be completed by meeting at twelve o'clock,
and going along leisurely untill four, and then
adjourning daily, I will agree to it. If he
means that it could not be finished by doing as
we always do at the end of a session, that is,
sitting in extra hours and devoting ourselves
with more assiduity to business, then I cannot
agree to it.
Mr. THAYER. I will say to my honorable
friend from New Y'ork that I trust the Senate
will not repeat its practice in that respect. It
is time that the practice of crowding the im-
portant legislation of Congress into the last
week of the session should be brought to a close.
It is time for its own credit and for the benefit
of the public interests. There is no necessity
for sitting here until four o'clock in the morn-
ing through the long hours of the night. I do
not want to do it, and I do not believe my
friend from New York wants to do it. It is
evident to every Senator that there has not
been time to complete the necessary business
to which our attention is being called. Now,
as the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations has said, it must take two or three
days to get the Indian bill through, for there
must inevitably be a committee of conference.
Now, why is there this undue haste in press-
ing the question of adjournment? What is the
reason ? I cannot yet divine, and have not been
able to find one. If individual Senators are so
anxious to return to their homes, I am willing
for one to give them a leave of absence ; that is,
if they find it necessary. If their private busi-
ness is so pressing that they must leave public
business and public duties, I am willing for
one to accommodate them.
The honorable Senator from New York, on
the last day when this question was up said, in
reply to my argument that we must consider
the question of Georgia, that we had received
no communication on that subject from the
Administration. I ask my frieud if I under-
stood him to say that?
Mj. CONKLING. I did not so state.
Mr. TIIAYER. Will he be kind enough,
then, to correct me ?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not make the state-
ment the Senator suggests. I was about to say
the other day when the morning hour expired,
referring to general legislation, that in the
absence of any report from the head of any
Department, in the absence of any recommend-
ation of a legislative policy from the Execu-
tive, I should deem it unfortunate to proceed
