1809.
THE C0^TGRESSIQ,NAL :GL0B1.
with general legislation at this session; but I
did not make the remark the Senator states in
reference to Georgia at all.
Mr. THA YER. The Senator was answering
what I had said in reference to Georgia, and
the, remarks which he made, as I understood
thein, had reference to the question of Georgia.
My answer is that we have refused admission
to the Senators-elect from Georgia, and I un-
dertake to say that the Senator is not waiting
for a communication from the head of a Depart-
ment or from the head of this Administration
in order to determine the question whether or
not we shall admit the Senators-elect from
Georgia. That is a question within our own
province; it is for us to decide. I repeat what
1 said on the former occasion, that in my judg-
ment Congress will be criminally neglectful of
its duty if it leaves the question of Georgia
unsettled for another six months. There are
many interests involved in that question.
Human life and the liberty of the citizens of
Georgia are involved in it; and if evil conse-
quences result from our failing to act on it the
blame will rest on Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] to strike out "Tuesday, the
fith," and insert "Saturday, the 10th."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by substituting " Tuesday, the
13th."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom Maine
[Mr. Fessendex] to the amendment of his
colleague.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. THAYER called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 29 ; as follows:
YJGAS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Carpenter, Oor-
bett, Cragin, Drake, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan,
Howe, Kellogg, Morton, Pratt, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Scliurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, lhayer,
and Warner—23. ^ « n
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, Cns-
seily. Cole, Oonkling, Davis, Edmunds. Ion ton, (fil-
bert, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, McCreery, Morrill,
Noiton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, bcott,
Stewai t,Siockton.Tliurman,Tipton,Trumbull, Vick-
ers, Willey. and Williams—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Borcman, Buckingham, Catf ell,
Chandler. Perry, Kowler, linmiiton, McDonald,
Osborn, Pool, Robertson, Salisbury, Wilson, and
Yates—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] to strike out" Tuesday,
the 0th," and insert " Saturday, the 10th."
The amendment was agreed to. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is 011 agreeing to the concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question 1 ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 85, nays 19; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Boreman. Cam-
eron. Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Conklmg, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert. Grimes, Hamlin. Harris,
Howard.llowe.McCrecry, Morrill, Norton, Nye,.Pat-
terson, Pratt,Ramsey,Ross, Scott,Stewart Stockton,
' Tburman. Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, Wil-
luims and Wilson—35. , ~
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow Corbett. Cia-
srin, Drake, Fessenden, Harlan, Kellogg, Morton,
Rico, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehurz. Sherman. Spencer,
Sprague. Sumner, Thayer, and Warner—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham.Cattell, Chandler,
Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton, McDonald, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Saulsbury, and Yates—12.
So the resolution was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
TheYICEPRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nebraska, 'Iiptok,'] as the Chair under-
stands, now withdraws his objection to the re-
quest of the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
sPrague.] If there be no further objection
the Senator from Ithode Island will be allowed
to make a personal explanation, lne Chair
hears none. T i ■
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before proceedingI desire
to observe to the Senatorfrom Nebraska, who
was encouraged by the objection of the Sen-
ator from Maine, that I might just as well have
made my remarks upon the adjournment reso-
lution as to have delayed them to the present
moment. I bowed in deference to the Senate.
Hereafter that consideration will not weigh
with me.
Mr. President, the people of the United States
will suspend their judgment on all newspaper
articles bearing on me to my disadvantage.
The telegraphic summary of my recent speech,
as well as the report in the Globe, has some
material errors. They may be assured that
my words and courage do not rest on wine or
whisky, or any other stimulant, but upon knowl-
edge of the shrinkage of property an?T the loss
of virtue going on around me. My great anxiety
is to effect a cure now. The remedy is now
accessible ; a year hence it may be beyond our
reach. ]
My leading idea is to correct a condition of
things of which the following is, perhaps, an
aggravated case, but it is a substantial illus-
tration of the condition throughout the coun-
try : a man in Washington has $20,000 loaned
out in sums of fifty dollars to the poor at ten
per cent, per month, and secured by chattel
mortgage. When the victim is exhausted de-
mand for payment is made, and in default of
payment property is sold for one quarter to
one half its value. The plan to correct this
aud to place within the reach of every man of
energy and industry capital at a low rate of
interest, upon which he can labor and make
profits, is the one 1 have in view, and is sub-
stantially the one in use in England, Belgium,
Holland, and France—the most prosperous
States of modern times—and to exclude the
plan we have adopted, which is best exhibited
by States like Spain, Mexico, and the South
American States.
I call your attention to a State in the Ameri-
can Union, Kentucky, which has adopted a
system similar to that I have advocated, Ken-
tucky, it may be remembered, is the most pros-
perous farming State in the country. Ihe
general purpose is to restore to the market for
the use of the people all the capital in the
country, in contradistinction to the method now
in use of keeping the same out of the reach of
the people and in localized and centralized
situations. This is to be effected by the Treas-
ury of the United States, which is to be first
made strong in means, and then uses that
strength on the market to unlock and distribute
hoarded capital. The present danger, in my
judgment, is greater than when the rebels fired
on Sumter or moved on Washington.
I utter no words that are not deeply consid-
ered. In the multiplicity of the thoughts which
crowd upon me my time is too completely
absorbed to place them satisfactorily even* to
myself. A speech that is whole in itself, and
requires to be read in full before the point in
itcan be understood, in my judgment does not
meet the case. I desired to make^ each para-
graph understood and mean something. Hence
my words and meaning may not have been
fully understood by the reporter. I made no
attacks on individual Senators prior to attacks
on me. I wage war on the legislative and
executive power as exercised by this body, and
on the disastrous results of its action. It there
is any one here or elsewhere who attacks me,
I shall move on the enemy's works to the best
of my ability. Following out this idea, I shall
undoubtedly antagonize myself to those who
have been favorites with the people, as was
the case in my last remarks before the Senate,
and on which some part of the press has com-
mented adversely. But let it be so ; I will not
longer sit and hear incorrect^ statements con-
cerning our condition—our drifting condition—
come from whence they may. To cure an evil
we must know its character, aud not mistake it.
Let those who think I am ' crazeu study
as I have done for three years past; let them
examine without prejudice, patiently as 1 have
done, into our exact situation. Ask those
around me if there be any substantial differ-
ence between the opinions I now-avow and
those I have heretofore indicated. My. present ,
work is to show that the plan I advise, will
remedy our evils. This will-take-time and
investigation. It is clear as the noonday sua-
to my own mind; but to prove it logically-and
with satisfactory reasons is the work to "be,
accomplished now.
The demand for my several speeches will be-
speedily met. I have had no one, nor have
I had time myself, to write a word in answer to
the multitude of letters I have received. But
I shall send my speeches into every city and
town, and on them I stand. The position I
have taken would have availed nothing if taken
heretofore. The necessities of the people
compel them to throw off the influences which
have heretofore controlled them. That their
action may not have been too long delayed to
effect a wholesome cure is the wish of the
speaker, who is under no obligation to a liv-
ing person for what he is. He is for nothing
now, except as heretofore indicated, but the -
opportunity to serve his day and generation.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution,
(H. R. No. 48) granting the right of way for
the construction of a railroad from a point at
or near Portland, Oregon, to a point west of
the Cascade mountains, in Washington Terri-
tory ; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
enrolled signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the joint resolution
(H. Ii. No. C4) authorizing the building of a
railroad bridge over the Ohio river at Padu-
cah, Kentucky ; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
executive communication.
The YICE PRESIDENT iai'd before rte
Senate aletterfrom the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs a letter relative to depredations com-
mitted upon the Ottoe and Missouria Indians,
and recommending an appropriation of $4,000
therefor ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
relative to the reimbursement to the Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indian fund of $7,003 used out
of that fund by the Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 48) granting
the right of way for the construction of a rail-
road from a point at or near Portland, Oregon,
to a point west of the Cascade mountains, in
Washington Territory, was read twice by its
title. , , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. .
Mr. HOWARD. I prefer to have it referred,
if it is to be referred at all, to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. POilEROY. I do not care where it
goes.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
un ion pacific railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of
quarter after two o'clock having arrived, the
Senate will resume the consideration of tn«
unfinished business, being House joint resolu-
tion No. G. ,
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate proceed
! to the consideration of executive business,
i Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope not.
I The question being put, there were on ,<
! division—ayes 22, noes 16.
I Mr. THAYER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
