478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I rise to a question
of order': whether the gentleman reporting the
resolution from the committee has a right to
mo'dify it ?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly, if he has
the consent of the committee. The Chair under-
stands that to be the fact, two of the three
members of the committee agreeing to it.
Mr. CAKE. Yes, sir. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. ELA. I desire to say in relation to the
Wells Fargo matter that the printer believed it
would cost fifteen or sixteen hundred dollars
to print the evidence, which is a mere mass of
useless verbiage. In consequence of that I
moved to reconsider the resolution to print in
the last Congress. Inasmuch as everything
material had long ago gone to the press there
was no need of subjecting the Government to
the expense of printing a mass of rubbish.
Now, one word in reply to the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] in regard to that
matter. He says the evidence only disclosed
the discontented feeling of individuals who
failed to get contracts upon that occasion.
Now, sir, I stand here to say to that gentleman
that the committee absolutely refused to look
into what was disclosed in the report of the
Postmaster General to this House, namely,
that there was nearly half a ton of mail matter
every day in the month of October destroyed
somewhere between New York and Salt Lake
City. And the committee further refused to
send to the Chicago post office to ascertain
what amount of mail matter was received at
that point and forwarded by the overland route
to the West. I stand here to challenge con-
tradiction of the fact that the report of the Post-
master General, which that committee was
directed to investigate, shows that thirty-three
thousand pounds of mail matter which left New
York city in the month of October failed to
reach Salt Lake City on its destination to that
point and beyond, in addition to the whole
mail that accumulated west of New York city
and was put upon cars for the West.
Mr. FARNSWORl'H. Has the gentleman
heard from the West anywhere that they did
not get the mail sent to them ?
Mr. ELA. I will state that a gentleman from
New York city stated to me that he had sent
to his brother, who was an officer connected
with the courts in one of the western Terri-
tories, $150 worth of lawbooks, which failed
to reach its destination. It was sent through
the mail to his brother residing west of Salt
Lake City.
Mr. FA.RNSWORTH. Who was that lawyer
west of Salt Lake City who failed to get a law
library through the post office ?
Mr. ELA. I do not recollect his name.
Mr. PETERS. There is no issue between
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
and myself, for I stated on the floor that the
testimony in the Wells, Fargo & Co. investiga-
tion was waste material, and that there was 110
need of printing it. I did not ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] to strike that
from his resolution, and I dcfnot understand
that any gentleman has asked him to do it. I
hope he will modify his resolution so as to re-
store that, and simply strike out the words
" and Alaska."
Now, a single word in reply to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire. I went to that
committee-room for twenty consecutive morn-
ings in th-e Wells, Fargo & Co. matter, and I
undertake to say to the House that there was
next to no legal evidence but what the contract
was fully and fairly carried out after the 1st
day ot October, and with any irregularities
before that time the committee had nothing to
do. We beard the complaints of a man who
appeared there as a party, an attorney, a com-
plainant, and heard his lamentations and the
lamentations of everybody he would bring
there. He wanted us to send to Chicago, to
Salt Lake City, and to San Francisco to bring
witnesses here to prove—-what? Why, we re-
quired the gentleman to state in writing what
they would swear to ; and when he did so the
committee stated that they would take that all
as granted and true, and then it was not legal
testimony or worth a jot in that investigation.
Mr. CAKE. It was not my intention to raise
a discussion about this matter. I have mod-
ified the resolution ; and I believe the House
will pass it as modified. I will merely say to
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Ela] that if he desires that the testimony in
relation to the overland mail contract shall not
be printed he can introduce a resolution to
rescind the order to print, and have it referred
to the Committee on Printing. I will now call
the previous question on the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Before the gentleman
does that, I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. CAKE. I will yield for a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was not in the House
when this resolution first came up this morn-
ing, but it included last evening, as I under-
stood it, an order with reference to the testi-
mony of the impeachment of Judge Busteed.
Mr. CAKE. That is stricken out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is that stricken out?
Mr. CAKE. Yes; that will be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire whether
there ever was an order made to print the
testimony in the Busteed case ? I was not
aware there had been.
Mr. CAKE. I really cannot answer that
question. I do not know whether there was
such an order or not. I know the testimony
is in the printing office, and but for this reso-
lution it would have been printed whether it
was ordered or not. I now yield for a minute
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Ei.a. ]
Mr. ELA. I desire to say a word only in
vindication of myself, as I had moved in this
House for the investigation into the contract
and manner in which Wells, Fargo & Co. were
carrying the Pacific mails. When that matter
was referred to the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures I went to the gentleman who had
charge of thematter and showed him, byfigures
sent to the House by the Postmaster General,
that for every day in the whole month of Octo-
ber the amount of mail matter received at Salt
Lake City was nine hundred and eighty-nine
pounds less than what left the New York post
office alone. I asked the committee simply
that they should write to the postmaster at
Chicago and ascertain what amount of mail
matter had accumulated between New York
and the city of Chicago for that destination,
and they absolutely refused to do it.
Mr. CAKE. I now yield for a few a min-
utes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Co-
burn,] and then I must ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COBURN. I want to say a word or two
about the Wells, Fargo & Go. case. That
matter had hardly been referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures before the
papers from one end of the country to the
other were full of charges against that com-
mittee that they were attempting to white-
wash the contractors and the parties who had
been connected with alleged frauds in that
matter. Now, I will say that, in justice to the
committee and to the House, this evidence
ought to be printed.
Mr. CAKE. I have modified the resolution
so as not to include that evidence.
Mr. COBURN. Allow me to say another
word. If charges are to be laid at the door of
anybody, in the matter of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
it strikes me that they should be laid at the
door of the Postmaster General. It was shown
to the committee that the paper mail, which
the Postmaster General ordered to be carried
overland, might have been carried across the
Isthmus of Panama for one half the price paid
for carrying it overland. The Postmaster Gen-
eral had the authority of law to make such a
contract. The report of the minority of the
committee shows that that is the case. But so
far as the evidence goes there appears to be no
fraud or collusion between the officers of the
Government and Wells, Fargo & Co. to carry
out this contract. But there was a pressure on
the part of the people of New York city—the
newspaper men and business men of New York
and San Francisco—to have the printed matter
carried overland. Therefore, they urged upon
the Postmaster General to make a contract to
carry the printed as well as the written mail
across by overland express. Had the contract
not been made, or had this matter been car-
ried across the Isthmus, some two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars would have been
saved to the Government. But so far as any
fraud is concerned neither the majority nor the
minority of the committee found any to exist.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. ELA. Does not the testimony show
that bag upon bag of mail matter has been
destroyed by Wells, Fargo & Co. ?
Mr. COBURN. It does not show anything
of the kind.
Mr. CAKE. I call the previous question
on the resolution as modified.
The previous question wa3 seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order OH business.
Mr. DAWES. I move to set aside the morn-
ing hour for the purpose of moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
directly to suspend the rules for the purpose
of going into Committee of the Whole on the
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. Before I make that motion
I will move that when the House shall resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole all general
debate upon the deficiency appropriation bill
shall be terminated m twenty minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will permit me to report a post route bill
which has no legislation in it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
desire to ask a question of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If the
House shall now go into Committee of the
Whole and dispose of the appropriation bill
would there be a morning hour afterward ?
The SPEAKER. There would be a morn-
ing hour after the committee rose, unless
otherwise ordered by the House.
competency." of witnesses, etc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask my
colleague [Mr. Dawes] to yield to me to repurt
a bill from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield if it shall give
rise to no debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have a
bill here which I am directed to report from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I think
no one will have any objection to its consider-
ation at this time. It is a bill which was intro
duced by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.]
The SPEAKER. The bill will be road,
after which the Chair will ask for objections to
its present consideration.
_ The bill was read. The first section pro
vides that the laws of the several States for
the time being wherein United States courts
are held, except where the Constitution and
treaties of the United States shall othfrwi-se
provide, shall govern as to the competency of
witnesses in all criminal trials in such courts.
The second section provides that in all crim-
inal ca«es in the courts of the District (.f Co-
lumbia. and the several Territories the party
charged, at his own request and not otherwise,
