480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
expenses of another or to the expenses of the
Treasury itself.
These are all the views that are necessary, I
apprehend, in the outset. Thecommittee hope
that the House will refrain as much as possi-
ble from loading this bill with amendments, and
permit the experiment to be tried, at least, of
carrying on the Government till the next ses-
sion with the means that are proposed to be
furnished in this bill, it will be the duty of
the committee, therefore, to resist as much as
possible amendments that may be offered. I
doubt not there are some coming from the De-
partments which gentlemen representing com-
mittees having in charge these matters will
find it necessary to present; but as a general
thing the committee are of opinion that these
appropriations are all that it is necessary at
this time to make.
The CHAIRMAN. The time alio wed for gen-
eral debate has expired. The Clerk will read
the bill by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk read the enacting paragraph.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the
enacting paragraph. I have heard the remarks
of the gentleman from Massachusetts with a
great deal of pleasure, but I have heard noth-
ing new. The same speech has been made
here for many years past; the same desire for
eeonomy has been expressed with the same
results. The incidental remark made just now
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations shows at what profligacy of expend-
iture we have arrived. The gentleman re-
marked that this deficiency bill appropriated
only §2,500,000, and he emphasized the
"only," when $'2,500,000 a few years ago
would have been considered a very large ap-
propriation. This deficiency bill is the first
of its kind that has ever appeared here. I do
not mean to say that this is the first deficiency
bill, for in preceding sessions of Congress there
have been many. At the very last session of
Congress we passed a deficiency bill, theamount
of which I forget, but it was something like
ten or twelve million dollars. But this bill
is peculiar in this: this is an extraordinary
session assembled immediately upon the ad-
journment of the Fortieth Congress, and here
in the early days of the Forty-First Congress
there appears before us a deficiency bill of two
millions and nearly six hundred thousand dol-
lars, which the gentleman from Massachusetts
says seems to be necessary, and which in all
probability is necessary.
But what I complain of is of the Committee
on Appropriations of the last Congress. Why
did not they have the foresight to prepare and
arrange all these appropriations? Why did
they cut down the estimates? Why, for the
sake of a plausible show before the country,
did they annex to their bills a statement of
the amount of reduction they had made in the
regular appropriation bills when their suc-
cessors, immediately upon the meeting of this
Congress, have to present a bill for $2,600,000
more of the public money? It is an improper
mode of doing business. I hope the gentle-
man from Massachusetts at the head of the
Committee on Appropriations will present us
with bills at the start which will serve through-
out the whole Congress, so that we shall not
be met with these continual deficiency bills,
and that he will hold the Administration rigidly
to the appropriations we make and to the
execution of the laws under those appropria-
tions. It is quite time that these deficiencies
should end. X do not mean to say that it is
possible to calculate exactly what should be
the appropriations of the Government, but 1
do mean to say that the officers of the Federal
Government should not be allowed to appro-
priate and use millions of dollars without au-
thority of law and then come to Congress and
expect Congress to enact laws to supply the
deficiencies and condone their violations of
law. In the first five items of the bill there
are $85,000 appropriated for the Treasury
Department alone for clerks, laborers, &c.
Now, all the facts must have been just as well
known to the Committee on Appropriations in
February last—ay, on the 3d of March last,
for it was at that late period that some of the
appropriations were made, as it is now. And
yet while the gentleman from Massachusetts
properly and wisely urges a reformation in the
administration of the Treasury Department,
the first step which he takes is to present to
us an appropriation of $85,000, not for the
fiscal year beginning after the 30th of June
next, but for the present fiscal year ending
June 80, 18G9.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment ; not for the purpose of making a speech,
but to call the attention of the gentleman from
New York to a few facts in regard to this bill.
The bill appropriates, as he says, $2,563,000 ;
but I want to say to the House that one item
alone amounts to $2,000,000; and that is of
such a character that the House will see at
once it must be allowed. The item is :
" For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, supervisors, and detectives, to-
gether with the expenses of carrying into effect the
various provisions of tho several acts providing in-
ternal revenue, excepting items otherwise provided
for, $2,000,000."
The necessity of this appropriation arises in
this way: perhaps the committee of the last
Congress were guilty of an oversight in not
attending to it. Two years ago $10,000,000
was appropriated for these items. It was sup-
posed then that it would require $10,000,000
to pay all the expenses of the internal revenue
department. Experience showed that only
$8,000,000 was needed; and therefore last
year only $6,000,000 was called for and appro-
priated. That $0,000,000, with the surplus of
$2,000,000 left over from the preceding year,
made $8,000,000, and that was enough. This
year we only appropriated $6,000,000 because
$6,000,000 had been appropriated the year
before, forgetting that the year before there
had been a surplus of $2,000,000. Eight mil-
lion dollars is the lowest amount with which
the Department can be run ; and we cannot
afford to let the operations of the Department
stop because the former Committee on Appro-
priations overlooked the fact that there had
been a surplus of $2,000,000 the year before,
and hence appropriated only $6,000,000. The
other items of the bill will doubtless be ex-
plained as they are reached. I only desired to
say a word in explanation of that one item.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out this
paragraph, for the purpose of saying a single
word in relation to this bill, and in explana-
tion of the course of the Committee on Appro-
priations of the last Congress. There was an
earnest effort made by that committee to re-
duce the expenses in the different Departments
of the Government by reducing the appropri-
ations. And in one of the bills a provision
was inserted that no greater amount should be
expended by the Departments than was appro-
priated by the bill. But the men who had
charge of* the expenditures of this money dis-
regarded entirely that provision of law : they
have never endeavored at all to conform then-
expenses to the specific amounts appropriated,
have never tried to carry out the views of the
Committee on Appropriations and the action
of Congress in appropriating money for the
expenses of the Departments. They have
gone on just as though no direction had been
made by Congress; they have utterly disre-
garded the action of Congress. And it is
because they have done so that the introduc-
tion of this bill is rendered necessary.
When the Committee on Appropriations of
the last Congress were exerting themselves to
reduce the expenditures of the Government in
all its branches they were encouraged in the
course they took by the action of both Houses
of Congress. But now, it seems, because men
in the Departments who have assumed the
right to expend more money than was appro-
priated, so as to create a deficiency, and be-
cause they now come in and ask that farther
appropriations be made, and the Committee
on Appropriations are willing to give it to
them—now it seems that the Committee on
Appropriations of the last Congress are to be
arraigned and denounced for it.
Now, I insist that the efforts made by the
Committee on Appropriations of the last Con-
gress were made in good faith to reduce the
expenditures of the Government. Perhaps
theirefforts were not always made in the wisest
manner; but such as those efforts were they
were sanctioned b.y both Houses of Congress.
And the items of appropriation asked for by
this bill in my opinion are in a great measure
rendered necessary because the men in the
Departments who control tile expenditure of
the appropriations made have entirely disre-
garded the provision of law enacted by the last
Congress.
I 1'eel bound to say this much in vindication
of the Committee on Appropriations of the
last House of Representatives. Having done
so, I withdraw my motion to strike out this
paragraph.
The Clerk read the following:
For lighting the above six buildings. S3.5M5.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the
clause just read for the purpose of saying a
word or two in reply to my colleague, [Mr.
Kelsey.] He justifies this deficiency bill upon
the grouud that the persons controlling the
expenditures of the Departments have disre-
garded the law. If that is so, then we have
two remedies ; the one by impeachment; or if
that remedy is thrown aside, then we have the
remedy of refusing to pay the bills incurred
by those officers without authority of law, re-
fusing to make appropriations for that purpose.
That, I think, is the proper remedy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman permit me to interrupt him a mo-
ment,?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
call the attention of the gentleman to the fact
that the money appropriated for these expend-
itures has already been taken out of the Treas-
ury ; it is gone, and there is nothing left to pay
the expenses which it is necessary to incur.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the $85,000 called for by the first
twenty-one lines of this bill has beeu used by
the Treasury Department without authority of
law?
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I must ask the Chair to
confine the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to his amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I will withdraw my
amendment, but the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will not stop discti^ion
in that way. If he insists upon his p iu: of
order it will only protract the time consumed
on this bill.
The committee rose informally, for the pur-
pose of receiving a
MESS AG li 1'ROM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham us,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution of the Senate Xo. 20,
relating lo Government buildings at Fort Tot-
ten, Dakota Territory.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Committee oft he \\ hole resumed t bp con-
sideration of the deficiency appropriation b.U.
The Clerk read as follows:
For incidental expenses of said building', $.1,0.3'.).
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the
clause just read, for the purpose of incjiiinns
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] what are these incidental expi tiM-^.
Mr. DAWES. The Trea-ury Department
asked for $80,000 for fuel, lights, labor, and
contingent expenses of the Treasury building
and five other buildings j the amount was asked
for in one gross sum. The- amount of $75,000
