1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
was appropriated by Congress. The sum of
$40,000 is now asked for to carry them through
the remainder of the present fiscal year. The
Committee on Appropriations required them
to estimate for each one of these items sep-
arately. They have estimated for each one of
them separately, and the committee have put
the items into this bill; ''forlighting the above
six building" so much; "for incidental ex-
penses of the said buildings" so much. I
understand the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] to ask what these "incidental
expenses" are.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the money heretofore
appropriated already been expended ?
Mr. DAWES. The amount heretofore ap-
propriated has already been expended ; and
this is to carry the Department through from
this time to the 1st of July uext.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand that; but the
allegation is made here that these appropria-
tions have been expended in advance.
Mr. DAWES. I presume the gentleman
from New York means this: that that which the
committee of the last Congress thought would
be enough for the whole year has been used
up in three quarters of the year ; andit is found
necessary to appropriate this sum for the residue
of the year.
Mr. BROOKS. This appropriation, as I
understand, proposes to pa.y for lighting these
buildings in the future. How can the appro-
priation have been used up in the past ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman dies not
understand me. A certain sum, $75,000, was
appropriated in gross for divers items, among
which was the lighting of thesebuildings. Now,
that has all been expended; and there is no
money left for those items for the next three
months. The committee, instead of proposing
to appropriate a round sum of §40,000 for fuel,
light, labor, and contingent expenses, propose
to appropriate separately for the several items,
one of which is for lighting these buildings,
$3,205, which is to pay for lighting from this
time forth till the 1st of next July.
Mr. BROOKS. The clerks leave their offices
at three or four o'clock in the afternoon. What
is the necessity for lighting those offices?
Mr. DAWES. A great many of the rooms
are lighted during the whole twenty-four hours.
In some rooms work is done all night; in a
great many the clerks work in the evenings.
Whether this Department will properly expend
this appropriation or will expend more than is
necessary the committeecannottell in advance.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not disposed to make
any factious opposition ; I only want informa-
tion in regard to these matters.
Mr. BECK. I desire to explain that the
necessity for this appropriation of $3,000 for
incidental expenses arises in great part from
. the fact that the accommodations in the Treas-
ury building being too small the Government
has been obliged to rent five other buildings.
One of these buildings is on F street, next to
the Paymaster Geneial's o0ice ; another is a
large building at Fifteenth and <3 streets.
Mr. BROOKS. Are these buildings rented
under authority of law, or without legal author-
ity?
Mr. BECK. They are rented under authority
of law. Another of these buildings is on New
York avenue opposite Dr. Gurley's church, and
there are two other buildings near Winder's
buildings, on Seventeenth street. The effort
is now being made to consolidate all these
offices in the north wing of the Treasury build-
ing. While the Government rents these build-
ings it is required, under its contracts, to keep
them in as good order as when it began their
occupation. In doing this there are a great
many incidental expenses which cannot be dis-
tinctly enumerated. This sum of $3,000 is
absolutely necessary to put these buildings in
proper order.
Mr. DAWES. I want to say to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] one thing
which I know will gladden his soul, and that is
that the entire printing establishment has been
removed from the Treasury building and is no
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 31
longer to exist there. By the removal of that
establishment some twenty rooms-in the Treas-
ury building are vacated, but those rooms are
left in such a condition that they must be
scoured, they must be repaired, they must be
painted to make them habitable for the clerks.
From my knowledge of the past labors and
denunciations of the gentleman from New
York I know he will not raise a word of objec-
tion to the change which has been made.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] withdraw it?
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
For furniture and repairs of furniture, $10,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read. I desire to
say that I am not acting in this matter with
any factious purpose. I wish to explain that
this money has not been necessarily expended
in the way stated by the gentleman from New
York and the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Here we have, ''For furniture and repairs of
furniture, $10,000." The money has been
expended, and the only possible way, if the
officers of the Government pay no attention
to law, is to stop paying the persons whom
they employ without law.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken.
This is not to pay bills already incurred, but
bills that it is necessary to incur before the
1st of July.
Mr. BROOKS. That is what I wanted to
know.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman wants an ex-
plicit answer, I will tell him that the north wing
of the Department is to be supplied with fur-
niture. The rooms out of which the printing
has been taken are to be supplied with furni-
ture. The appropriation for furniture hereto-
fore made has been expended. It is neces-
sary to put the furniture in before the 1st of
July ; therefore it is necessary to add this ap-
propriation. The former one was only enough
to carry out the ordinary expenses without
putting in this new furniture, it did not come
to the knowledge of the Committee on Appro-
priations last year when they reported the bill
that this addition would be needed.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew it. I yield a
moment to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. 1 find in the acts
of last year quite a large appropriation for fur-
niture in this Department—-$25,000. Now, I
would like to know whether that large sum,
which was appropriated only eight months ago,
has been expended? It certainly seems to me
to be a large sum.
Mr. DAWES. I have only to answer, as I
have already done, that up to the time when
the present Administration took possession of
the Department there had been expended the
entire appropriation for furniture that was
made last year. The money has gone, and it
is impossible for the present Administration
to occupy the rooms and carry on the business
unless tliey can be furnished. Whether the
money was necessarily expended or not I am
not prepared to say, because it did not come
within the scope of the duty of the committee
to make the investigation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise for the purpose
of asking the gentleman a question in regard
to a statement made by him a few minutes ago
in reference to the printing of the Department.
I desire to know whether it is contemplated to
abandon the printing in the Department, or
whether it is simply contemplated to remove
it to some other building?
Mr. DAWES. I believe it is contemplated
to print hereafter upon what is called roller
presses. Whether that will be done in a build-
ing near the Treasury Department or some-
where else is not yet determined. The whole
system of hydrostatic presses, which cost the
Government millions of dollars, it has been
found necessary to abandon. Indeed, the ap-
propriation of a considerable amount was asked
for to take out these presses from the Treasury
Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to know whether
it is intended to be taken out entirely, or
whether these power presses are simply to be
removed.
Mr. DxWv'ES. All the presses are to be re-
moved from the rooms they have occupied in
the Department. All the processes of making
paper, with all the machinery and noise, is to
be removed from the building, which is to be
devoted to its legitimate purpose. The print-
ing itself is not going to be surrendered by
the Department to the bank note company,
but it is to be held within its own control, and
carried on with roller presses upon a much
simpleT scale and much more economically.
Mr. DICKEY. The chauge involved in re-
moving the old presses from a considerable
numbei of rooms in the Treasury Department
renders it necessary for them to be refurnished.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For salary of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department, at such rates as the Secretary of tile
Treasury may deem just and reasonable, §3o,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking out the words '"at such
rates as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem just and reasonable," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "at the same rates
allowed by law to other clerks for like ser-
vices;" and I desire to submit to the commit-
tee a few remarks in support of my amendment.
It will be seen by the committee that the
clause as it now stands in the bill proposes to
intrust to the Secretary of the Treasury the
sum of $35,000:
For salary of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department, at such rates as the iSoci-eUry of the
Treasury may doom just and reasonable.
Now, I have and I presume every member
of this House has entire confidence in and re-
spect for the Secretary of the Treasury, hut
the idea of surrendering to him, or to any one
officer of this Government, the power to dic-
tate the amount of salary that shall be paid to
any olfioer is an innovation upon all past prac-
tice which ought not to bo tolerated or sanc-
tioned for one moment.
I may say in this connection, Mr. Chairman,
that a practice has grown in Congress, in pass-
ing appropriation bills from time to time dur-
ing several years past, of ingrafting upon them
legislation wholly inconsistent with the idea
upon which the Committee on Appropriations
has been organized. The theory upon which
the Committeeon Appropriations is organized,
or upon which they are supposed to act, is
that they make appropriations to carry out
existing laws. But what is the fact?
I hold in my hand a table prepared at the
Treasury Department, which shows that the
number of employes authorized by law in the
Treasury Department at Washington is seven-
teen hundred and eighty-five, and that is all ;
but the number actually employed is twenty-
seven hundred and eighty, very nearly one
thousand more than are provided for by any
law creating offices. How has this increase of
one thousand employes in the'Treasury Depart-
ment occurred? Why, sir, from time to time
clauses have been put into appropriation bills
for payment of additional clerks and temporary
clerks, and a great variety of employes whose
official character dues not depend upon any law,
but rests solely upon clauses in appropriation
bills. The bill which is before the House is
not free from this objection, and I have opposed
and am .opposed to every provision ofit author-
izing any new office or employment. It con-
tains clanses making appropriations for clerks
whose offices are not established by law. It
is high time that there should be a complete
reorganization of the Treasury Department,
as indeed there should be, perhaps, of all the
Departments at Washington, that the number
of employes should be distinctly defined, aud
