1869..
THE CONGRESSIOJSTAL. GLOBE.
487
law, and only adds two to the number of
examiners in-chief.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Pur additional compensation of draughtsmen
eumioyed in copying drawings, $6,000; and the
number of said draughtsmen may be diminished as
tiiey may be found unnecessary during the fiscal
J tV'-r.
For causing copies of drawings annexed to specifi-
cations to be printed, lithographed, or otherwise
in nited for sale and for the use of the Patent Office,
613,000.
Mr. Chairman, tlial amendment is to meet a
provision in the last legislative appropriation
lull which cramps the business of the office
very much. This relates to drawings furnished
at the request of parties doing business at the
Patejit Office, and who pay for them. Hith-
erto under the existing laws these drawings
have been paid for by fees, and there have been
no draughtsmen in the employment of the office.
The last legislative appropriation bill provided
for the employment of thirteen draughtsmen at t
$1,000 each per annum. It has been found by |
the Patent Office that draughtsmen who are !
capable of performing this service cannot be
obtained at that salary. Capable persons can
get much more elsewhere than $1,000 a year.
The first portion of my amendment will enable
the Commissoaer of Patents to pay an adequate
salary to such draughtsmen as he may wish to
retain. But, sir, there is .a second clause to
the amendment, which.providesfor doing away
with these officers gradually altogether.
Jfr, BECK. Why was not, this question
brought before the Committee on Appropria-
tions ? .
Mr. JENCKES. I suggested it to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, and
he preferred I should offer it in the House as
coming from the Committee on Patents, to
which the subject properly belongs.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do these draughtsmen
furnish copies of drawings for outsiders, and
do I undefstaad the gentleman to. say they are
paid by fees ?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why not fix a maximum,
then, aud let it all be paid by fees.
.Mr. JENCKES. I am willing to agree to
that; but we are embarrassed by the law for
the next fiscal year.
■ I was saying, when interrupted, that the
second clause of my amendment provides for
doing away;wiih these draughtsmen altogether.
Ihe,CoimmtS8ioa,er of Patents has the means
by receipt .inventions, by photolithography,
and other means,©f doing away almost entirely
with thege draughtsmen copyists. By these
new, processes copies .which cost from three to
ten dollars can be wade for from ten to twenty
cents; and the second portion of the amend-
ment enables the Commissioner of Patents to
introduce these new processes for the purpose
of furnishing copies of these drawings.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it $at the practice how
to print the specifications instead of having
them written cut in manuscript?
;Mr. (JJE.N'gEES--This has nothing .to do
with specifications j but it refers, to, the copies
of drawings.'whieh are anne&ed to the specifi-
cations, ' As the gentleman from Ohio well
knows, it,requires skilled labor to make copies
of these drawings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK..- I desire to state my objections
to this amendment. In the first place,! object
to it -because it hag not been regularly referred
to .the.--6i i&mittee- on Appropriations and
passed uponas othar jrkj appropriations-have
been. Tftat committee have cut do-wn the ap-
propaatidaff'faritihe Treasury Department and
0>thei; Departm&rrts of the Government, and I
do. not? 'see why the-,appropriations* for this
P'atenfe"^ Bee should Dot uiidergo;their scrutiny
&s swell asi appropriations, for other branches
trf'Ahe pufclrc service. ■•.- -
t*. It' theseappropriations are right, they ought
to; go to the appropriate eoiB.mittee.fbr investi-
gation and report, I.- know this about that
Patent Office, that it was found necessary at the
last session in a committee of conference to
overhaul and reorganize it. Two years ago
they were earning §200,000 a year, the year
before last $-100,000, aud last year $600,000,
and we know that every dollar that was earned
was spent; wp know that there were surplus
clerks and employes in that department, and
that there were unnecessary and useless ex-
penditures of money. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have ascertained upon investiga-
tion that there were surplus clerks and em-
ployes in other Departments, and they have
made provisions for cutting them off, and I am
in favor of sending the appropriations for this
Department through the same channel, so that
the*House may learn all the facts in the case,
and be able to vote understanding^. I do not
question but what the gentleman from Rhode
Island has investigated the subject, and is con-
vinced of all that he has stated; but this Patent
Office has been carried on in such a way for
the last three or four years that the House
owes it to itself to refer the whole subject of
these appropriations to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. JENCKES. Imoveto amendthe amend-
ment by reducing the appropriation to $14,000,
for the purpose of saying a word in reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. Chairman, never was this House im-
posed on more than it was by the committee
of conference last summer. They acted on
wrong impressions entirely in reference to the
Patent Office. At the proper time I shall have
the pleasure of explaining to the satisfaction
of the gentleman how the mistake was made.
This amendment has been considered by the
Committee on Patents, which is the appropriate
committee for the consideration of all such
matters. At the last Congress the Committee
on Appropriations reported various provisions
in reference to the expenses of the Patent
Office, and in the legislative appropriation bill
it was provided that thirteen draughtsmen
should be employed for thepurpose of copying
the drawing which are annexed to the specifi-
cations. My amendment provides for the ade-
quate compensation of those draughtsmen, aud
it provides at the same time for gradually do-
ing away with them altogether.
Every one who has had any dealings with the
Patent "Office knows how difficult it is to have
these drawings copied accurately. It has there-
fore been considered fortunate that by photo-
lithography and ottier recent discoveries the
Patent Office will be able to furnish exact
copies of all these drawings to everybody who
may ask for them at one sixth or one tenth of
the. price which is now charged. While the
adoption of this new method will greatly reduce
the expenses of the department, it will at the
same time, out of the fees which are paid for
copies of these drawings, largely increase its
receipts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that these officers are now pro-
vided for by law?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir; the legislative ap-
propriation bill provides for thirteen draughts-
men.
Mr, SCOFIELD. As I understand it the
gentleman wishes to have them paid out of the
patent Fund instead of by special appropriation.
Mr. JENCKES. The patent fund is covered
into the Treasury, and is paid out by appro-
priation.
Mr; SCOFIELD. I know that; but as I
understand it, the gentleman wishes to remit
the payment of these officers jto this patent fund.
Mr. JENCKES. They will be.paid from the
proceeds .of their own work. This is merely to
enable them to get along for the next year.
"Every dollar paid to them will go back into the
Treasury by the fees which the Patent Office
will receive for their work.
One word in reference to the business of the
Patent Office. The business of the office in
every branch is increasing greatly even on that
of the last year, which was much the largest
ever known, as shown by the receipts of appli-
cations and caveats and by the number of
patents issued and charges made for copies, &c.
!>
3
3
Sp
October.
November.
3
O )_u
O - .
December.
January.
February.
March.
The following table will show the increase
in the receipts of the office :
03 =>
p sr.
2*3
eg
CO
5
6
cn?
P ST.
S °
§ 3
Bg
G> '
O '
•o :
HO,
CR o
^5®
<3>r*
bio
-a CO
<lO
0*0
J-'CW
cop?
w."o-
SOrfsw.
o  o 
b :
a4
£
£
a
[Here the liamnier fell.]
- Mr. DAWES. It is true that the gentleman
from Rhode Island suggested to me that he had
amendments to offer from the Committee on
Patents, bat that was this morning, and I had
no other reply to make than that he should
offerthem in the House. There is a rule in the
other branch which I think should be adopted
here, and that is, that every amendment to be
proposed to any of the appropriation bills by
any of the other committees. should 'be- Sent
