490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
We are told by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and by the Secretary of
the Interior, who approves his recommenda-
tions, that the appropriation is necessary.
Without any detraction from the proper au-
thority or appropriate action of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, it does seem to me this
is a matter we can understand just as well as
the Committee on Appropriations. We can
see the whole ground for ourselves upon which
this appropriation rests.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish to say one word in
reference to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. My colleague on the Committee
on Appropriations says he has been before that
committee. That is true. Now, this Com-
missioner of the General Land Office entertains
the opinion that there is a considerable defi-
ciency in his office because appropriations
have not been made in accordance with all
his estimates. He holds to the doctrine that
if we do not appropriate all he asks for, then
there is a deficiency. He proceeds upon that
ground, and I hope this House will say for
itself how that matter should be, and not be
in the least affected by any such doctrine as
that which he entertains.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ELDR1DGE moved that the committee
rise.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 41.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Ferry were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 11, noes 70.
So the committee refused to rise.
I'he question then recurred on Mr. Schexok's
amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCIt demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sohexck
and Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 30, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. Rather than break up the
committee J will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SPINK. I move to amend by inserting
the following immediately after the clause
relating to the Territory of Idaho :
For the purpose of meeting the deficiency in the
appropriation for legislative expenses of the Terri-
tory of Dakota for ^ year ending June 80,1869,
sfojuuo.
I will say in explanation of this amend-
ment that I have had the honor? for nearly
four years past, to hold the position of secre-
tary for the Territory of Dakota. Now, while
nearly every other Territory has had the sum
of $20,000 appropuated each year for legisla-
tive expenses, a discrimination has been made
for some reason or other against the Terri-
tory of Dakota, and only $15,000 has been
appropriated for the legislative expenses of
that Territory.
Last yearlmadeau estimate andsentittothe
Treasury Department, for the sum of $20,000
for the legislative expenses of Dakota Terri-
tory for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869.
For some reason, I know not what, while every
other Territory was allowed $20,000 for legis-
lative expenses the Territory of Dakota was
again made an exception, and but $15,000 was
appropriated for the legislative expenses of
that Territory. I expended that inoney as
economically as I possibly could ; but owing to
the fact that Dakota is one of the largest Ter-
ritories in the Lnion. covering some two hun-
dred and forty thousand square miles, and some
of the members of the Legislature had to travel
fifteen hundred miles to reach the capital of
the Territory in order to attend the session of
the Legislature, thus incurring a4arge expense
for mileage, it was impossible to make the sum
appropriated cover all the expenses. M.y last
settlement, made after the adjournment of the
Legislature in February last, showed a bal-
ance of only about five hundred dollars due the
Treasury of the United States, with the laws
and journals still unpririted. And if the sum
I have named in my amendment shall not be
appropriated in this deficiency bill those laws
will have to slumber in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Territory for two years longer. I
ask, therefore, that this appropriation be now
made.
I understand that a communication at my
request has been sent from the Treasury
Department to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] in which
it is stated that there is an apparent balance
due from me to the General Government of
$6,000, and that I would probably be able, or
might be able, to explain the matter to the
satisfaction of the committee. I think I could
have explained it to the satisfaction of the
committee had I known that such a communi-
cation had been received by them, but I did not
know it. I think I can now explain it to the
satisfaction of this Committee of the Whole.
The $6,000 can be accounted for from the fact j
that there has been no settlement of the last
accounts sent in in February last. The Depart-
ment has not had time to examine them for
the reason, as they stated to me, that they have
not had time to measure the bills printed by
the Legislature. That alone would cover a
large proportion of the $6,000.
The Department also states that there is a
small sum suspended for explanation on ac-
count of the want of proper vouchers ; I will
state about that. It is always necessary to ex-
plain certain accounts before they are allowed,
but owing to my dutiesohere, and other very
onerous duties which I have had to perform,
I have been uuable yet to give that explana-
tion. The objection to the vouchers which
are termed improper vouchers are merely
technical, and cau be rectified in a very few
moments when I can get the time to do so.
And when my accounts are finally adjusted [
say that there will be found only some five
hundred and odd dollars due to "the General
Government of the appropriation heretofore
made. Every dollar besides that has been ex-
pended and economically expended for the
purposes for which it was appropriated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPINK. I desire but a minute or two
longer.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield the gentleman
one minute of my time.
Mr. SPINK. If it should be found that this
money called for by my amendment will not be
needed there can be no possible harm done in
appropriating it, and for this reason : it is ex-
pended only under the control of the Comptrol-
ler of the Treasury. If it is not needed he will
not allow it to go out of the Treasury, and con-
sequently it will remain in the Treasury, and
the appropriation to tie made next year can be
decreased so much. But I know it is necessary,
for the laws and the journals of the Legislature
of the Territory cannot be published for two
years to come, and the people of that Territory
cannot know what laws they are called upon
to obey unless this amount is appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman
from Dakota, [Mr. Spink,] I will merely ask
the Clerk to read a letter from the Comptroller
of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Office of the First Comptroller.
March 26,1869.
Sis: I have to acknowledge the reference to this
Office, for the " views" of the Comptroller, of a letter
addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury the 23d
instant by S. L. Spink, late secretary of Dakota and
now Delegate- in Congress from that Territory, in
which he states that the appropriation for legislative*
expenses in the Territory for the current fiscal year
was $15,000, while for each of the other Territories it
was $20,000.
Mr. Spink further states that the laws and jour-
nals ol the late Legislative Assembly have not been
printed; that there is no appropriation existing
applicable to that purpose, and that an additional
of S**000 is needed therefor, as also of
§1,000 for other purposes. He also states that the
liouse Oommittoe on Appropriations desire informa-
tion as to the necessity for the additional appropri-
ation, and he requests that you furnish it.
fK. p\acc0UnVo^0r? the 1st of March, 1868, to
° - o£4eJruary' l8bil' has boon audited and
cntiLc-l. rfcc amount charger! to liim for advances
and former balance is $22,212 72, and his credits for
disbursements amount to $15,922 44, leaving: m his
hands unaccounted for $6,320 2S. Balance of appro-
priation undrawn J242 37. Total apparent balance
$6,562 65.
Mr. Spink will be able to inform the committee of
the condition of the sum not yet accounted tor by
him. It this sum be covered by other expenditures,
then an additional appropriation for printing tho
laws and journals will be necessary.
Of the abovs balance unaccounted for by the late
Secretary 55,315 87 consists of items Suspended tor
proper vouchers, $437 18 of disallowed items, and
$567 23 admitted cash balance.
Tho lasttwo items with balance undrawn, $1,240 78,
constitute the available appropriation.
Very respectfully,
E. \V. TAYLEIi,
' ' Comptroller.
Hon. George S. Boutwell, Secretary.
The amendment of Mr. Spink was rejected.
Mr. FARNSWORTEL I move to amend
by inserting after the pending paragraph tho
following:
Post Office Department:
For temporary clerks in the Post Office Depart-
ment, $34,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, have wo
not passed that part of the bill that provides
for the Post Office Department 1
Mr. FARMS WORTH. This is for the next
fiscal year.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the Clerk to read from
a communication of the Postmaster General a
paragraph relating to this subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Tho last Congress failed to make any appropria-
tion for temporary clerks for the next fiscal year.
Without a fund for this purpose I fear the operations
of the Department will bo injuriously restricted. I
therefore have to ask an appropriation of £34,000 for
temporary clerks for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, there
may be some good reason why the Committee
on Appropriations have not proposed any ap-
propriation for temporary clerks for the Post
Office Department for the next fiscal year. If
there be any good reason I shall be glad to
hear it. If no!, I do not see why we should
not comply with the request of the Postmaster
General.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the commit-
tee were of opinion that the number of tem-
porary clerks now employed in the Post Office
Department is so large that the Department
can get along till next December without this
additional number of clerks. There are eighty-
four temporary clerks now employed in that
Departing t, including twenty-five in the dead-
letter office. There is no reason, Mr. Chair-
man, why so large a portion of the force of
any Department should be a floating force.
The force of each Department should, so far
as possible, be fixed by law, with reference to
the number, the duties, and the compensation.
The effort of the Committee on Appropria-
tions was to dispense with as many of these
clerks as possible ; and after careful examina-
tion and consideration of this matter they con-
cluded that it is best not to add to this force
of temporary clerks—certainly not till next
session.
Mr. FARNSft ORfH. As I supposed, the
difficulty in this case is a difference of opinion
between the Committee on Appropriations and
the I ostmaster General. Now, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations has
himself said, this Department was allowed iarf
year a much larger number of temporary
clerKs eighty-four. Myaraendment proposes
the employment of only thirty-four of the e
clerks for the next fiscal year.
The Postmaster General, in the communi-
cation an extra-;!- i;oin which has been read,
announces his intention to restrict and dimin-
ish the number of these clerks as fast as lie
possibly can. But I willsav to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that the Post Office De-
partment is not, like a Chinese lady's foot, to
be confined in its operations by a permanent
restriction. This Dcpartmfiit.'unlikc nil tin:
other Departments of the Government, has
been obliged to enlarge its force since the close
ot the war. I he operations of the War De-
partment, the Navy Department, Ac., have
been circumscribed within the last few years,
