1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and thosfe Departments have thus been enabled
to dispense with a large portion of the force
they formerly required. The Post Office De-
partment, on the contrary, is obliged to increase
its force. Why? Because of the reopening
all over the country of mail routes and post
offices which were closed during the war.
Besides that, the country is constantly develop-
ing.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. BECK. I rise for' the purpose of
making a single remark, after which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Faiixotohth] may
have the remainder of my time. According
to the information we have received there is
one branch of this Department where there
i're employed about one hundred clerks, some
tiiiily three or perhaps forty of whom—very
nearly one half—have for some time appeared
only on Monday mornings to receive their fur-
loughs for a week, there not being, indeed, chairs
or tables to accommodate them while doing
any work. Thus they have been drawing their
pay without doing a dollar's worth of work.
We thought it would be well for the Depart-
ment to give employment to some of these,
instead of engaging more temporary clerks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, Mr. Chair-
man, that remark does not apply to the next,
fiscal year.
The committee have said nothing about the
failure to report an appropriation for the last
quarter of the present fiscal year, as recom- |
mended in this same communication of the I
Postmaster General. He asks for an appro-
priation for temporary clerks in one branch of
the Department; and that the committee pro-
pose to give. He lias asked an appropriation
for the last quarter of the present fiscal year,
which they do not propose to grant, nor have
T moved an amendment for that purpose. He
as,kv an appropriation of $34,000 for the next
year. The committee lias heard his commu-
nication. It, appears that without this appro-
priation the operations of the Department will
be crippled. We should be willing, I think,
to adopt the recommendation of our new Post-
master General. This is his first communica-
tion to the House, and if he acts in good faith
he cannot spend the money unless he needs it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of chief justice andtwo associates in tho
Territory of Montana, increased by act, ot March 2,
1807, 43,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move the following
amendment:
For clerk hire and office expenses of the surveyor
general of Minnesota for the year ending June ;>0,
1869, $3,800.
Mr. DAWES. That was agreed to by the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DxlWES. The gentleman from Ohio
has an amendment to offer, which I hope will
be adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to add to the
bill the following proviso :
Provided, That so much of an act, approved March
S, 1309, making appropriations for .civil expenses ot
the Government for the year ending Juno .i(), ]X,0,
of the act approved March 3,1869, making appropri-
at'onsfor the legislative, judicial, and executive ex-
penses ot the Government for the year ending J nne
30 1870, as appropriates $2,500 for clorks m the oilico
ot the surveyor general in Minnesota be so modified
as to appropriate in all 8-3,000.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that this
amendment was considered in the Committee
on' Appropriations, and I believe I am correct
iu saying that it has the sanction ot that com-
mittee. It was not reported as part of the
bill, because it was not considered to be ger-
mane to the matters contained in the ''ill. It,
transfers from the fund appropriated for field
service $2,500 to the fund appropriated ior
office service. We had the surveyor general
before us and he stated that there must be
some proportion between the amount appro-
priated for field service and the amount appro-
priated for office work, so that they shall both
go on, the one taking care of the other. The
last Congress appropriated more than was
necessary for field service and less than was
necessary for office work; and in order that that
may be corrected and the due proportion pre-
served between the two appropriations, I have
submitted the amendment which is now before
the committee, and I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ELA. I move the following amend-
ment:
For publishing the debates and proceedings of the
Forty-Fii-M Congress at the Government Printing
Ofticc by the Conftressional Printer, under the direc-
tion of the joint, Committee on Printing, $250,000.
1 wish to say m support of that amendment
that there is now no existing contract for the
printing of the debates of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation, and not in order
to this appropriation bill.
Mi. ELA. That point of order comes too
late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the point of order does not come
too late.
Mr. GARFIELD. I make the point on the
amendment that there is no law for printing
the debates of Congress by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and therefore the appropria-
tion proposed is not, in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the amendment is ruled
out.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I offer the following
amendments, simply to explain a provision of
existing law:
And he ■it further enacted, That the salary allowed
by law to the consul at Bangkok shall bo paid with
limitations in the second section of an act malting
appropriations ior tho consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30,1870, and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1809, and deduetinpt such sums as may have been
heretofore paid on account of salary.
The amendment of Mr. Fakxswoiitii was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise and report, this hill to the.House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cui.-
. lom reported that the Committee of the Whole,
according to order, had had ihe Union gen-
j erallv under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 254, making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal years ending June 30, 1809, and
Juno so, 1870, and for other purposes, and
had instructed him to repoit the same to the
House with sundry amendments, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Committee
, of the Whole were concurred in.
j A separate vote being demanded by Mr.
I Hoi,man on the amendment appropriating
| $5,000 for defraying the expenses-of the joint
: Committee on Retrenchment, there were—
ayes 57, noes 32 ; no quorum voting.
' Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Houian,
and Wasiiisurx of Massachusetts, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes C9, noes 31.
So the amendment was concurred in.
A separate vote was also demanded by Mr.
Hoi.ma.v on the amendment to insert the fol-
lowing :
For additional salary hereby allowed to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, §l,j00; and the said
salary is lieroby established at $5,000 per annum from
the 1st day of July, 1869. and a sum. sufficient to Pay
the same is hereby appropriated up to J uly 1  io<u.
The amendment was concurred in—ayes
thirty-two, noes not counted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, aud passed. -
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also laoired
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. - -
MESSAGE FROM Till! SBIUtB.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying theHoAsp
that the Senate had passed a joint wolfttion
(S. II. No. 11) extending the time to construct
a railroad from St. Croix river or lake and
the west end of Lake Superior to Bayfieli};
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
It further announced that il had passed the
resolution for adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress, with an amendment pro-
viding that the adjournment shall take place
on Saturday, the 10th day of April instant ^ in
which the concurrence of the House Was also
requested.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 move to take tip from the Speaker's
table the amendment of the Seriate to .the.res-
olution in regard to the final adjournment ctf
Congress, for the purpose of moving to Concur
therein.
The resolution of the Senate was reported,
as follows :
ffiWofrf, Tha t tho Senate aisree to tile foregoing
resolution with tho following amendment: striko
out the words "Tuesday, thelkh day of April," and
insert " Saturday, tho 10th day of April, instant."
Mr. DAWIiS. 1 move to concur in tho
amendment', and on that motion 1 demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COBURN. I rise for the-purpose-of
debating this question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has been made and seconded; the-Chair can-
not, therefore, recognize the gentleman.
Mr. COBURN. Before the gentleman de-
manded it I rose and addressed the Cham
The SPEAKER. Even then "the Chair could
not recognize the gentleman, inasmuch as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
had risen to a question of privilege, and he did
not yield the floor.
Mr. COBURN. Ho rose just as I was
addressing the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized tho
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Tho amendment of the Senate was con-
cuired in. . '
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
aud also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joint resolution signed.
• Mr. BEATTY, from the Comftiittee oft En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly eni-olled joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. 83) relating to Government
buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota Territory;
when the Speaker signed the same.
WITHDRAWAL OF 1'APEUS.
On motion of Mr. PALMER, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files^ of
the House of the papers in the case of William
B. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry.
NINTII CENSUS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
select Committee on the Ninth Census to re-
port back the bill (H. E. No. 256) to 'provide
for taking the ninth and subsequent censuses,
and ask for its consideration. - -' -
Several members objected.
Mr. GARFIELD, f have a right to make
the report. ' .
The SPEAKER- Was the committee
authorized to report at any time ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It was. _
The SPEAKER. In the original con?ti-
