492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
tution of the committee was power given to it
to report at any time ?
Mr. GARFIELD. The House in ordering
the committee, in the very terms of the reso-
lution under which it was created, authorized
it to report at any time by bill or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. That is the understand-
ing of the Journal clerk.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire action on the
bill, but will yield to the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
memorials.
The following memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Jose N.
Casanova, a citizen of the United States, setting
forth the indignities received by himself and
brother at the hands of the Spanish govern-
ment of Cuba, and asking the interposition of
the Government in their behalf.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The memorial of the heirs of Alexander Wat-
son, for compensation for damages done by
Indians in 1837.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 5, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Mr. BAYARD. I am requested by the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers] to state
that he has been called away by the serious ill-
ness of a member of his family.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating an estimate of appro-
priation for the payment of certain clerks in
the Indian Bureau; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of
William Waller. Asa D. Dickinson, R. M.
Dickinson, It. Pollard, and A. F. Haymond,
of Virginia, praying to be relieved from their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Andrew B. Evans, of Middlesex county, Vir-
ginia, praying-the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
C° rnmiltee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of Edwaid
Iv. Snead, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HOWARD presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an
appropriation for improving Portage Lake and
river, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of an appropria-
tion to aid in the geological survey of that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of the passage of
an act granting pensions to the surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of granting a pen-
sion to Eluaira Brainard ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
R. M. McKay, of Texas, prayingthe removal
of his political disabilities; which was re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
James Critcher, of Alabama, praying the
removal of hie political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the children of Henry T. Irish have
leave to withdraw from the flies of the Senate their
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. L. Bogart, pray-
ing the introduction of Wilson's, electric gas-lighter
over the Senate, be printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 60) legalizing the stamping of certain
subscription papers executed and issued to the
Iowa Northern Central Railway Company,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 97) to fix the salary
of the bailiff of the Court of Claims, reported
it without amendment-
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 218) prescribing
an oath of office to be taken by persons who
participated in the late rebellion but who are
not disqualified from holding office by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 95) for the sale of the Hot Springs reser-
vation in Arkansas, reported it with amend-
ments.
bills introduced.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 253) to create St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri, and Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio,
ports of entry, and to regulate the appraise-
ment and inspection of imports in certain cases;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 254) to prevent the courts of the United
States from enforcing contracts concerning
slaves ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 255) supplementary to an actentitled ''An
act for the relief of certain companies of scouts
and guides organized in Alabama," approved
March 3, 1869; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORION asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 256) in relation to bridges across the Ohio
river ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 60) in relation to the officers
of certain Missouri troops; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 257) to reorganize the Departmentof State,
and to reduce the expenses thereof; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the joint
select Committee on Retrenchment, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 258)
to reorganize the Treasury Department and fix
the pay of its officers ; which was lead twice by
its title, referred to the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment, and ordered to be printed.
landing of telegraph cables.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 12.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 12) to author-
ize the New York, Newfoundland, and Lon-
don Telegraph Company to laud its submarine
cable on the shores of the United States ; the
pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Stockton, to strike out after
the word "that," in the third line of the lirst
section of the bill, the following words :
The New York, Newfoundland, and London Tele-
graph Company be, and the same is hereby, author-
ized to conlinue their existing submarine cable in its
several lines from the shores of Newfoundland west-
erly, and to land the same.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Any telegraph company organized under the laws
of any State shall have the right to land.
So that the section will read :
That any telegraph companv organized under the
laws of any State shall have the right to land upon
theshoresof the United States at such pUce or places
as may from time to time appear to the directors of
the said company to be most convenient, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ihope that will bevoted
down.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I was
much astonished at the reply made by Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber to the
amendment offered by me when this bill was
before the Senate on a previous occasion. All
that I did was to ask that the provision which
they wished to apply to the Newfoundland
Cable Company should apply generally to all
other companies. I alluded to the fact that
Congress was now being asked for much legis-
lation on this subject; that there were several
general bills on the subject to which our atten-
tion has been and would be called. The reply
made by these gentlemen was that this bill
should pass first, for this was a pioneer com-
pany which had lost one cable and was entitled
injustice to some consideration. It was admit-
ted and stated on the other side, in argument,
that this company had an exclusive privilege
from the British Government or from New-
foundland; that both of its termini were on
British soil; and yet it was proposed, as a
matter of courtesy to them, of justice to tliem
as a pioneer company, that they should first be
taken and placed on the shelf before the prop-
osition was made to pass a general" bill. The
general bills, at least one of tbem, introduced.
I think, by the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, contain a reciprocity clause,
as it is called ; that is, that no authority sh ill
be granted to any foreign company to land a
cable on the shores of this country the com-
pany chartering which does not grant us the
the same privilege.
It is well known that there is a company
authorized by Franco to land a cable on car
shores who are now making their way toward
our coast. That company is to be made sub-
ject to this reciprocity clause; but this New-
foundland company, this pioneer companv. is
to be placed away on the shelf before the gen-
eral bill is brought into force. 1 ceitainl} wish
to do nothing unfair toward this pioneer" com-
pany ; but let me ask is it fair for this cmintiy
at this time that we should create wliai u
seems to me will be a perpetual inoiiop >iv,
with both termini on British soil.' it he
French company is not allowed to land ;ts
cable on our shores where will they go To
Canada. In the event of a war is it liglj! lo
our country that two lines of ocean cabin should
be laid without either one touching our slio:
I submit that in considering the claims of this
pioneer company we must not forget, to con-
sider our duty to our own country.
But., Mr. 1 resident, it was not on grounds
like these, but on grounds much high,.,, that t
place my opposition to the bill as it now stands. '
