1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
498
1 am opposed in tok> to any legislation on the
subject of ocean cables. There is none neces-
sary ; there is none needed. There is a gen-
eral law now in existence which has been on
our statute-books for more than two years
which permits any company that goes to a State
and gets a charter to land its cable. I should
like to ask what the Congress of the United
States has to do with ocean cables? Why are
they called upon ? Do they own the shore
technically overwbich the tide ebbs and flows?
Is that the property of the United States? It
is the property of the States. The United
States have some jurisdiction within a marine
league for the purpose of proteetingtheir coast;
but have they any power, any authority what-
ever, to authorize or to prevent the landing of
an ocean telegiaph? The States have char-
tered companies, have created their own crea
lures, ami they subject those creatures to the
power of taxation. Now you propose what?
To take a foreign corporation. You do not
propose to naturalize it; you do not propose
to make it subject to your laws; you do not
propose to make it subject to United States tax-
ation or State taxation; but you propose to
take a foreign corporation and let it land their
cable on your shores and give it the right of
eminent domain, which you do not possess
yourself, to come and land on the shores of a
.State. Where do you get that power? Cer-
tainly not in the Constitution.
In the second section of this bill the last
part of the clause which I have moved to strike
out provides that Congress shall have power
to alter, by general j-u'es applicable to all com-
panies. this cable te'egraph charter which they
grant; and the distinguished Senator from
Nevada [.Mr. Stewart] offers an amendment
that they shall have power to repeal it. He
saw the difficulty. How does it read now?
That Congress shall have power to alter or
repeal a special charter by general rules appli-
cable to all! That is the proposition. The
only way in which Congress can alter it is by
i!>.-netal rules applicable to all companies.
Congress give-1 them a charter, which it has a
"rivet right to repeal if it has a right to grant
itatall: it was only a license : and then under
the pretense, in the second section ot the bill,
that it is giving Congress the power to alter or
repeal it. it, deprives Congress of the power to
do so. It gives Congress the power to alter or
repeal a special charter granted a foreign com-
pany by Keiwal rules applicable to all compa-
nies! If the general rules applicable to all
C'liipnnies do apply and shall apply to this
company, whv was the argument u«ed that this
charter should be put through lirst? Because
ii ua  a pioneer company'.-' Why was that
argument used if the general law introduced
In the same gentlemen and advocated by them
with the reciprocity clause was meant to apply?
Tlii argument is of no value. They had no
right in the world to make that argument here
and at the same time insist that the general
bill shall apply and will apply to this company.
I do not believe that the gentlemen who advo-
cated this bill had given it sufficient, examina-
tion. I s y that there is a genera! law existing
now on the statute-book which authorizes any
company chartered by a State to land its tele-
graph cable. 1 say there was no necessity for
that; it was a mistake to pass any law on the
subject: Congress has nothing whatever to do
with it, has no right to permit a cable to leave
the country, nor has it any right to prevent a
cable from landing on the shores of any State.
Of.course 1 do not mean to say that Congress
<.annot provide for it under the war power: I
do not moan to say that Congress cannot do
anything hit'h i, necessary for the protection
of the coa-t in time of war lor carrying on war
proporlv : but the maxim ■i-ihtx ])opirfi sitprewtt
kr is the most dangerous maxim when in time
of pence it is to be mad > the excuse lor char-
tei t'ljr pi ivatc companies.
I inn i' stated that 1 was opuosed to all 1'' it' - -
1 ,i 1 iot; on this subject I take that on
broadly, and I ask Senators to thini; ot it
before they act Is it not proper at this stage
of proceedings to refer the bill to the Judiciary
Committee? It is an unsettled question. It
is a question which depends on tne construc-
tion of the Constitution and of several clauses
in it, and I propose, before I sit down, to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that the
Juaiciary Committee ought to give this subject
careful examination before we pass any tele-
graph bill whatever.
I say that Congress has no power to make
telegraphs, or. to make railroads, or to authorize
any one else to do it; that the States may, and
then Congress may regulate the trade and the
commerce on those railroads or telegraphs
within certain limits; but restrictive legislation
as to making them, as well as all interference
with the control the States have over their own
creatuTes, under the pretense that it is a regu-
lation of commerce, is without constitutional
warrant.
The extent of this power ought to be well
understood. It was discussed by the best minds
in England and America from 1765 to 1775.
The controversy between England and the col-
onies turned upon the question of what consti-
tuted a regulation of commerce. The colonies
took the narrow strict construction ; they de-
nied that a tax oti commerce was a regulation
of commerce; they denied that protective duties
were a regulation of commerce, but they ad-
mitted that England had the power to regulate
the commerce of the colonies.
In order to show to the Senate the import-
ance of the question which they are consider-
ing so lightly, in order to urge upon them the
importance of referring this matter to the Judi-
ciary Committee, let me suggest a few propo-
sitions which must be considered before we
can act upon any of these bills.
First, I say that Congress cannot authorize
the landing of any cable upon the soil of any
State without the consent of that State.
Second, any State without authority from
Congress-by its own inherent sovereignty may
charter an artificial person and give it the right
of eminent domain to take land within the
State limits on just compensation and lay a
Cable from that State to and over the sea, the
common highway of nations.
Third, that under the clause giving Congress
power to regulate commerce Congress would
have no right to interfere between the State
and its creature and attempt to regulate the
charges of the company and subject them to
reciprocity of rules or any other restriction
of that kind unless or until the company did
directly interfere with the acknowledged pow-
ers of Congress.
Fourth, that inspection laws, quarantine laws,
laws regulating commerce, regulating oyster-
beds, fisheries, taxation of corporations by the
■States, laws with respect to highways and turn-
pikes. are component parts of an immense mass
of legislation reserved to the States.
Fifth, taxation may affect commerce : but
the exercise of the undisputed right by a State
over its own corporations is not a regulation
of commerce, and'may be exercised in the dis-
cretion of the State subject only to the excep-
tion that it cannot interfere with any admitted
paramount, authority of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. President, let me ask in the first place
whether it is claimed that Congress can con-
trol this under the clause in the Constitution
giving the power to regulate commerce? Con-
gress has the power to regulate commerce
among the States and with foreign nations: but
the United States has no power of eminent
domain for the purpose of taking the land neces-
sary to lay the cables on and over the soil of
States or of individuals. It has been decided
over and o*er again by the State courts and the
Federal courts that subject tothe riparian right,
the fee. the ownership of the soil is vested in
the States; they buy it and sell it ; they sell i:
bv the foot in Massachusetts, the State the
honorable gentleman comes from, a- we:' as
in ni\ own Slate, and 1 heiieve m all the
Atlantic States. In all the ca^es vvnere the
power lias been upheld most vigorously under
the commercial clause of the Constitntioa, it
has been conceded that the right of eminent
domain rested entirely with the States. (See
the cases of Gilman vs. Philadelphia, 3 Wal-
lace, 726 ; in the case of West Kiver Bridge
Company vs. Dix, 6 Howard, 540 ; Judge
McLean's opinion, 539 ; Pollard's Lessee vs.
Hagan, 3 Howard, 223 ; RedEeld on Railways,
112, 113; Goodtill vs. Kibbie, 9 Howard, 411;
Dolers. Beebee, 13 Howard, 35.) In all these
cases this question was considered, and it was
held thatthisrightof eminent domain remained
with the States, and the United States did not
possess it.
It is the practice of the Government to cod-
demn land through State laws. (See New York
acts of 1824, November 27, chapter 33-1; act
of April 17, 1826, chapter 248 ; act of April
20, 1825. chapter 224 : Gillet's Index of Laws
of New York, published in 1859, from 177th
chapter, 18-58.)
As early as the year 1806 Mr. Jefferson rec-
ommended an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States to authorize Congress to-
pass laws for making roads and canals. Mr.
Madison in 1817, Mr. Monroe in 1822, and
General Jackson in 1830, renewed the recom-
mendation.
Can Congress, then, condemn land for a
telegraph, or a post road, or a railroad, when
they have not the right to do itfor fortifications,
when they buy land from the States to erect
their own fortifications for the national defense?
The Constitution provides that Congress may
exercise exclusive legislation over the places
purchased by the consent of the Legislatures
of all the States in which the same shall be for
the erection of forts, &c. In the digest of the
whole seventy volumes of the United States
Reports the title of "eminent domain" is not
to be found. What is meant by landing on the
shores of the United States ? Mr. Monroe said :
'"Hie territory contemplated by the Constitution
belongs to each State in its separate character, and not
to the United States in their aggregate character."
Again:
" The jurisdiction of the several States may still
exist over the roads and canals within their respect-
ive limits, extending alike to persons and property,
asif the right to make and protect such improve-
ments had not been vested in Congress. If it is
thought proper to vest this power in the United
States the only method by which itcan be done is by
amendment of the Constitution."
But, sir, this authority is claimed under the
power to regulate commerce. What is the
power to regulate commerce? To regulate,
that is, to prescribe rules by which commerce
is to be governed. It is true that in one case
decided in the Supreme Court of the United
States one of the judges in commenting on this
word " commerce,'' and in order to show that
it applied to navigation, and that it applied to
the navigation of the public waters of the bay
of New York, said that commerce meant inter-
course. It is true, upon that interpretation,
gentlemen have attempted to show that com-
merce was intercourse, and that, therefore,
ut.der this clause the Government of the United
States could do whatever it pleased and break
down all the decisions previously made on
this subject. But in that case the court said
that commerce was intercourse fortlie purpose
of trade ; it did not mean merely buying and
selling; it meant intercourse for the purpose
of trade. If that clause applies to telegraphs
it applies to post offices and post roads. You
cannot draw a distinction, or if any is to be
drawn it is in favor of the view I take. And yet
to give full power to Congress over the latter
anotherclanse was inserted giving Congress ex-
pressly the power to establish post offices and
post roads, but there is no power to establish
telegraphs and telegraph offices. Intercourse
for the purpose of trade is commerce. Congress
may regulate the trade. They may, perhaps,
regulate the trade on these telegraph wires,
which is a question I wish the Judiciary Com-
mittee to examine ; but they cannot, establish
a telegraph, nor authorize it nor prevent it.
itiut is not a regulation ot trade iti ant. the
broadest sense of the term. Congress cannot
bring such a provision within ths clause of
