494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
the Constitution. They cannot do it without
refusing the power or restricting the power by
the clause they have put these general bills
under
When the Revolution took place the people
of eaehState became themselvessovereign, and
in that character held the absolute right to all
their navigable waters and the soil under them
for their common use, subject only to the rights
since surrendered by the Constitution to the
General Government. The right of eminent
domain over the shores and the soil under the
navigable waters belongs to the States, sub-
ject, as I said before, only to the riparian
right.
In 1778 the State of New Jersey objected that
the Articles of Confederation contained no pro-
vision by which the foreign trade of the coun-
try could be placed under the regulation of
Congress ; and it will be recollected that that
fact had more to do with the formation of the
present Constitution of the United States than
all others, and the honor of suggesting it came
from the State which I in part represent. You
will find in a very able memorial laid before
Congress on the 25th of June, 1778, that " the
sole and exclusive power of regulating trade
with foreign nations ought to be vested in Coti-
giess." Mr. Hamilton, in 1788, said that a due
observance of any '■ commercial'' treaty which
the United States might make with a foreign
Power could not be expected if the different
States retained the regulation of their own
"trade." The words are used as synonyms
by Mr. Hamilton. The very first suggestion of
putting that clause in the Constitution of the
United States regarding commerce or trade
will be found in the Life of Hamiltou, volume
two, Hamilton's Works, pages 233, 234.
In the light of history this ought to be one
of the clearest propositions in reference to the
Constitution that, could possibly come before
the American Congress; and it is with sur-
prise that I have seen that gentlemen appa-
rently have not looked at or considered this
question in introducing this whole system. I
refer to all these bills for telegraphic legislation.
__Mr. Otis, in his ilights of the Colonies, in
1705,^republished in 1709, (volume 5, Ameri-
can Tracts,) abounds in quotations of common
law authorities in reference to this subject.
The matter is considered in Otis's Vindication,
published in 1709; Brand's Inquiry, and Dick-
inson's Essay.
'fhe common-law writers divide the jus re-
gium in the ports of the sea into three parts.
The first relates to the preservation and safety
of the kingdom. This is the internal police
power, separate from Congress, which belongs
to the States. (New York vs. Milne, 11 Peters,
135; Holmes vs. Jennison, 14 Peters, 540;
Groves vs. Slaughter, la Peters, 449; the
License Cases, 5 Howard ; and the Passenger
Cases, 7 Howard.) The second part relateS'to
the trade and commerce of the kingdom ; and
irom the second arises the power of the king
of opening and shutting the ports. The third
relates to the payment of customs and subsi-
dies.
We have, then, three divisions: first, that
which relates to the safety and peace of the
community ; second, that which relates to com-
merce; third, that which relates to duties. The
first power was entirely in the king. The sec-
ond was partly in the king and partly in Par-
liament. The third was entirely in Parlia-
ment. According to the loose ideas that now
prevail all these powers are one and the same—■
a power to regulate commerce. The king was
the arbiter of commerce; but the power of
taxation and levying duties he had long been
deprived of. It was a distinct power and re-
sided in a different branch of the Government.
hen, under the power to regulate commerce,
winch we admitted England had, she attempted
to levy taxes, to tax the tea, we insisted that a
power to regulate commerce did not, and never
could, include taxation. We kept these powers
distinct and separate.
It has been repeatedly held that the prohibi-
tion upon the Sta'es li'om i,lying duties on
imports or exports is an exception, not from
the power to regulate commercc, but from the
power of taxation. In Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9
Wheaton, 200, 201,) Marshall, Chief Justice,
says:
" We must first determine whether the act of lay-
ing duties on imports or exports is considered as a
branch of the taxing power, or of the power to regu-
late commerce.
" Wo think it very clear that it is considered as a
branch of the taxing power. It is so treated in the
first clause of the eighth section: ' Congressshallhave
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises;' and before commerce is mentioned the rule
by which the exorcise of this power must bo governed
is declared. It is that all duties, imposts, and excises
shall be uniform. In a separate clause of the enu-
meration the power to regulate commerce is given
as being entirely distinct from the right to levy taxes
and imposts, and as being a new power not before
conferred.
"The Constitution, then, considers these powers as
substantive and distinct from each other, and so
places thorn in the enumeration it contains."
The power of imposing duties on imports is
classed with the power to levy taxes, and that
seems to be its natural place. Bat the power
to levy taxes couid never be considered as
abridging the rights of the States on that sub-
ject, and they might consequently have exer-
cised it—notwithstanding Congress had power
to legulate commerce—by levying duties on
imports or exports had the Constitution con-
tained no provision on this subject, i. e.. the
taxing power.
But, Mr. President, the principle of local
control by the States over their own creatures
has ever existed, and still exists. The great
roads of England were made by the Romans
eight feet wide. (Ferguson's Rome, page 12.)
They were matters only within the local author-
ities. All matters relating to highways were
determined within the count}'. (See Conductor
Generalis, 151.J The lowest grade of offi-
cers in the kingdom were those who had con-
trol over the highways; and this power which
the Congress of the United States now claims
to itself is a power exercised at common law
by the lowest local officers. Patrick Henry,
sneering at the Constitution of the United
States, said, ''All that will be left is your
[State] jurisdiction over highways and turn-
pikes." (See Eliot's Debates, volume 2, page
247; volume 3, page 180.)
Before taking my seat, Mr. President, I pro-
pose, in this immediate connection, as illus-
trating the construction attempted by these
bills and by the legislation which Congress has
been attempting under this clause of the Con-
stitution, to call attention to another bill which
is pending before the Senate. It is entitled
"A bill to punish the collection of illegal taxes
on passengers." If the taxes are illegal one
would say they could not be collected. If they
are illegal why should the third line of this
bill declare them to be "unlawful?" It really
reads, "An act making illegal the collection of
unlawful taxes;" or, in other words, "to
make unlawful acts illegal." That is what the
bill purports to do.
But this bill does not declare on its face, in
the enact,ng clause, that it is unlawful to col-
lect illegal taxes on passengers, as its title
indicates ; but it is declared unlawful and made
a misdemeanor to exercise a power which is a
mooted question of constitutional law. It is,
then, an act to construe the Constitution of the
United States, and to make any other con-
struction than the one assumed by these gen-
tlemen a crime.
Let us look for a moment at the paternity
of this bill. There was introduced at the last
session of Congress a bill of a similar char- i
acter, handed to me before he left by my pre-
decessor, and this new bill is founded upon
that. The other bill made it a criminal act to
collect the internal revenue of the Uiy ted States,
and declaring that the officer of any of the rail-
road companies in this country, wiio are now !
all collecting agents of the income tax of the
Government, who should collect that tax should '
be punished by fine and imprisonment under '
that bill. What, then, was that bill ? It was i
an act to abolish all taxation of railroad com- I
panies in the United States. But the bill as '
introduced at this session is amended; those
features of it are stricken out. I allude to the
old bill, first because my predecessor handed
it to me, asking me to call attention to it when
it came up ; and then I shall call the attention
of Senators to the fact that these bills, legis-
lating sometimes in the interest of private par-
ties without Senators knowing it, and sometimes
originating in proper motives and aimed at
doing a public good, should be carefully scru-
tinized wherever they come to interpret this
clause of the Constitution.
The bill of the last session reads :
"That it shall bo unlawful for any officer of any
railroad company in any State, district, or Territory
of the United States to collect or pay over to any
State or," &c.
Leaving out the disjunctive, it reads that it
shall be unlawful for any officer of any railroad
company to collect any taxes " on the money
or compensation paid by said person for such
transportation.
What this was aimed at is plain enough. It
was aimed at the method in which Delaware
and Maryland and New Jersey had chosen to
collect their taxes from their own creatures.
If was probably drawn under the decision in
the case of Crandall vs. The State of Nevada ;
but the law of Nevada is as different from that
of these States as white is from black. These
States chose a modus decimandi; they chose
a special method of taxation, and made an
agreement with the compauies at the time of
their charter that that should be the method,
the manner, by which they should estimate the
amount of business they did, so much for
every ton of merchandise,' so much for ev^ry
passenger carried over, just as if they had said
so mucli on your income—the very system
adopted now, as the fairest and most equitable,
by the Congress of the United States, in levy-
ing an income tax on these very corporations.
That was the system adopted. The State of
New Jersey passed an act at the last session
of its Legislature which says, in its first clause,
" that from and after the passage of this act ail
transit duties in this State shall be forever abol-
ished. '' The exclusive privileges of some of
these railroad companies have expired. There
is no tax on any railroad company in the Slate
of New Jersey to-day ; but the tax levied is
upon every creature on its capital, as upon
banking companies. That has nothing to do
with this question; but I mention it merely to
exclude from the mind of any Senator the idea
that I am here speaking in reference to my own
State. We have now no earthly interest in thi>
method of taxation. But this law does exist m
other States of the Union, and this bill is in-
troduced just as these telegraph bills are, these
general bills and this special bill taken to-
gether, as a system of legislation to deprive the
States of the power, under the clause regulat-
ing commerce, of regulating their own crea-
tures. It is to deprive the creator of the powi i
to regulate the action of the creature by the
very law which called it into existence, "l hat
is the proposition which forms the fundamental
basis of all these bills.
Mr. President, all taxes affect commerce.
Therefore, affecting commerce is not neces-
sarily a regulation of commerce. Nay, a man
may have a right to cross over the State of
Maryland without any impost or any dan
whatever; he may have a right to drive li;s
own carriage, to propel his own locomotive,
and to sail over the waters of the State with
his own ships and floats; but it does not iol
low that when the State builds a turnpike road
a stranger passing over it is not obliged, ns
every citizen of Maryland is, to pay toil; nor
does it follow that when he sends a ton of
merchandise over my road, into which 1 have
put my capital, he is not obliged to pay freight;
nor does it follow that when he pa.-ses <>w
that road himself f cannot reeeiw- lioni him
tinder the charter, even as a common carrier,
by tile law ol the land, a proper compensation
for the wood burnt in my engine to niuve him.
And yet the power claimed under these bills,
it anything th'it commerce regulates
