1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
Thomas is ordered to the Pacific coast; why
delay him from going (hen?, and select Lira
for this particular work ? I see no reason for
it. Why not leave the President of the Diiited
flutes to select, eminent men upon whom this
duty shall he devolved. I must confess that I
would not select these gentlemen if the mat-
ter was devolved on me, not because I have
any want of confidence in them, but chiefly
because they have other appropriate duties.
If I was going to make up this board I would
select the honorable Senator from Michigan
for one, the chairman of the committee, and I
would take three eminent civil engineers in
the country to go and examine the ground and
devote their time and attention to it — men
whose attention would not be diverted by other
official duties. That is the course I would
pursue ; but these are matters of detail which
I will not detain the Senate by going into. I
propose to leave the responsibility with Gen-
eral Grant, President of the United States,
furnishing him with the means and facilities
of ascertaining the facts, by giving him the
ad\ice of a commission to be selected by him,
rather than for us to undertake to select from
officers of the Army or from citizens certain
men to attend to this business. I would leave
to him the responsibility of selecting the men.
I think by leaving it to him we shall secure
higher responsibility than by leaving it with
any other functionary. *
The object of my moving to strike out these
words is to enable these commissioners to go
upon the ground without being tied down to
any route approved by the Secretavy of the
Interior, who was neverupon the ground, who
acted upon an ex parte map filed by one of the
companies, who bad no information about the
particular route, and to leave that free and
open to be examined by this commission se-
lected by the- President, and then to intrust
the final responsibility of fixing the point of
junction to the President of the United States.
That gives to us the highest security for fair
and impartial action.
Perhaps the rival companies would not be
content with the selection; but it would be
better to leave the general authority and let it
stand under the second section. In this con-
test between these two companies I have not
the slightest feeling. I appreciate the great
labor, the energy, the ability of both compa-
nies as highly as any one. The Central Pacific
have overcome the Sierra Nevada mountains
and other great obstacles. The Union Pacific
have pushed forward their road from the Mis-
souii river with great energy. They have
brought now the two roads almost to a connec-
tion. We ought not to adjourn without doing
something, because they will pass each other,
and present at least equitable claims, both of
them for subsidy, one claiming on the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior of the map
furnished by the Central Pacific, the other
company alleging that they have actually com-
pleted and pushed forward theirroad in advance
of the other. These two claims must be set-
tled so that when we come to the intersection
the subsidy may be to one company on the
east and to the other on the west, and not
"llr.'WILLIAMS. Iask the honorable Sen-
ator if he would accept an amendment which
I will suggest? I suppose it would not now
be in order to move to amend the section while
on amendment is pending ; but I suggest if
the words "upon the general route already
approved" are stricken out that these words
be inserted in their place, "that the President
nf the United States is hereby authorized to
fix the point of junction of the Union Pacific
railroad and of the Central Pacific railroad,
according to the legal rights of the respective
companies."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection to tha . If that, will satisfy the par-
tics 1 am perfeetlv willing to agree to it If
the (Ynttrii Uacitie Companv has alt'eadv any
Ic^ni te,rhtv In Imild this road lo any particu-
lar point it might not, to bo interfered with by
•11,-X O'.Mi. 1 —No. o_.
the action of Congress. The only objection I
have is that it, will seem to invite a controversy.
In my judgment neither party has any legal
rights beyond where it has actually constructed
the road ; but still, if the language suggested
by the Senator from Oregon will not seem to
invite a controversy, I shall be willing to adopt
his preposition. That is the only fear I have.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not! aiow what view
I shall have of this matter after hearing it fully
discussed, as it is altogether a new matter to
me; but I do not believe I shall vote for any
proposition here that would authorize five men
to do as they please irrespective of the law or
the legal rightof these respective companies. I
think that would be a monstrous proposition
to pass through Congress, to say that five men
can go forward and at their discretion can take
away at their pleasure rights that your laws
have already vested. These roads have either
been constructed according to law or contrary
to law. If they have been constructed accord-
ing to law, then the rights of the respective
parties are determined by the law under which
they were constructed. If they have been con-
structed contrary to law, of course no legal
rights have accrucd. It seems to me that these
five men, if they are authorized to act, should
regard the law under which these companies
have proceeded, and respect their legal rights,
whatever they may be; and what they are I
do not pretend to know, for I have not exam-
ined this question.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from !i
Oregon state his amendment again?
M'r. WILLIAMS. I wish the Senator from "
Ohio, in place of the words the general route :
approved," which he proposes to strike out,
would insert the words '• according to the legal
rights of the respective roads so as to make
the section read : .!
That tlie President of the TTnited States is hereby '
authorized to fix the point of junction of the Union
Pacific railroad and the Central Pacific radroad ^c- j
cording to the legal rights of the respective roads. ;
Mr. HOWARD. That converts him into a t,
court of justice in order to settle what the legal I
rights are. |]
Mr. SHERMAN. The only objection I have j;
to the proposition of the Senator from Oregon !j
is that it seems to invite a legal controversy ij
and submits a legal question to the President.
If there is a legal controversy it ought to be jj
submitted to the courts, and we have not the !i
power to take it from the courts and submit it i
to the President. I wish to submit to him a '
question of fact affecting the interests of the :
Government and the rights of these parties. jj
Mr. COCKLING. Is it not a question of ;
law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is a mere question
of fact, because either road has a right to build
the line, one to the east and the other to the
west, until they come to the point of intersec-
tion. They are now one hundred and thirty j
milesapart, according to the statement, and they j
are actually surveying the ground passing each !
other. If there be a legal question it ought to j
be submitted to the courts. I think, there- :
fore, it will be better to leave the proposition i
as I propose to amend it. |i
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from jj
Ohio ansv er me a question? ;
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. j!
Mr. HOWARD. Does he not consider that jj
thft letter of the Secretary of the interior of ■
the 20th of October, 1868, has the effect of a ::
law upon those companies, and was it not
issued in pursuance of law? j
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the See-
retary of the Interior, under the law. had that
authority. I have not given to the legal ques-
tion the careful examination of my friend from
Michigan : but I do not think the Secretary of
the Interior had any right whatever to fix the
line of this road, or to give to the Central Com-
pany a right to build over any portion of it one
foot beyond what they actually filed. He has
a right, under the law, to approve the gt-neuil
lines of sui vey as they are sub-nitu d to h:m
from titrie lo time. Suppose the Cen'.tal Pa- ■
cific had located its surveys clear across the
plains on to Omaha, if they were approved by
the Secretary of the Interior would that give
the Central Pacific a right to build clear over?
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all. The statute
confines it. to certain points.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take the case put. ,Tne
Central Pacific have fixed their line from Echo
canon and actually graded several miles east
of Ogden. The Union Pacific have actaally
constructed their road beyond Ogden. Now,
to give to the approval of the map of the Cen-
tral Pacific the effect the honorable Senator
does would be to say that the Central Pacific
have the legal right by reason of that approval
to build their road to Echo canon, when we
have actually issued bonds to the Union Pacific
to Ogden.
Mr. jN YE. The Government have issued
bonds to the Central Pacific to Ogden.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
Central Pacific have claimed under one pro-
vision of the act to receive subsidy for the
work laid down on their map. As to the
company which shall build the road between
Monument, Point and Ogden, I do not care
which builds it, nor do t think the United
States have any particular interest in that ques-
tion, who shall buiid that particular hundred
miles of road ; but we are interested in having
it settled so that the companies shall not dupli-
cate one hundred miles and both claim subsi-
dies.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Allow me to make an
inquiry. The Senator from Ohio asks a ques-
tion of the Senator- from Michigan as if lie
wished to know whether the Secretary of the
Interior could establish a line and then give it
exclusively to one company. That is not the
question in my mind, and I do not understand
it to be in the mind of the Senator from Mich-
igan. Now, I beg to make this inquiry: if,
under the act of 1806, the Secretary of the In-
terior wisely or unwisely—I reject that consid-
eration for this purpose—has proceeded, in
the language of the law, to consent to and
approve a line upon which the iron of the Pa-
cific railroad is to be laid down, whether by the
Central Company or the Union Company, I ask
tlie Senator how it can possibly happen that
more than one company can have a elaim, as
the law stands, for bonds over a given space
of road? Certainly they cannot both lay a road
upon the same line and in the same place;
and if a line has been approved and fixed by
law—because no legal maxim is older or better
founded than that that is certain which can be
rendered certain; and therefore I treat the
action of the Secretary of the Interior as a law
for this purpose—every lawyer must see that
if one company is upon that line the other
company has no right there. They cannot
both be upon the same line; and it cannot
possibly happen that more than one company
can have a ciaim for subsidies over the given
space. In other words, how can we possibly
render it any,more certain than it is rendered
already that these companies shall not and
cannot lap upon each other? If a given line
is established, the iron is to be laid by both
companies upon that line until the end of the
approaching rails touch each other ; but how
is it possible, legally or in any other way, that
these roads can lap ? After awhile, perhaps,
I shall be able to appreciate some of the
grounds upon which this legislation is to pro-
ceed ; but I have been listening to hear and
I cannot understand the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio accept the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no great objection
to it. but I do not think it would be well. I do
not accept, the amendment. I do not consider
that the adoption of a line by the Secretary of
the Interior gave either company the right to
build   v portion of this road.
Mr. CONKLiNG. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, allow me to say that. I agree with him
for this purpose—for the sake of my inquiry—
that tlie right, if it accrued at all, became
