498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
common to both. Hence my question is sim-
ply whether, if that line was established, both
companies were not bound by it and required
to conform to it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Nor do I think the Sec-
retary of the Interior, under the law, has a right
to bind either company to follow a particular
line of survey. He may as to the general route;
because, iflrememberthe language of the law, it
gives to the company the right to varythe road at
pleasure according to their surveys. The prac-
tical effect is this: either company files maps of
its sections in advance; these are approved
generally by the company and by the Secretary
of the Interior. These surveys are not. even
laid upon the ground, and are not staked out.
It appeared in evidence before the Pacific
Railroad Committee tbat the line of the Cen-
tral Pacific was varied _; and however desig-
nated by the engineers, it was not staked out,
or if so, the stakes were not there; that really
it could not be traced on the ground, but was
simply a line on paper. Now, I take it that
either road as they are progressing along the
general route fixed upon may waive or vary
that line so as to find the most eligible and
simplest way along the general route.
But I do not know that that is really involved
in this case, because if this claim is set up on
behalf of the western road it would give them
the right to subsidies to Echo canon, and
would prevent the Pacific railroad from beiug
completed this summer, because they are now
one hundred and sixty miles, according to the
testimony, apart from each other, and it will
take the Central Pacific all this year to finish
that intervening distance. If the Central Pacific
railroad has a right to build the space between
Monument Point andOgden, then, as a matter
of course, the construction of the road by the
Union Pacific must stop until the Central Pa-
cific chooses to fill up that vacuum. Thatwas
do', the purpose of the law. The purpose was
to invite these two great competing lines to
push forward their work, one from the East
and the other from the West, until they reach
an intersection.
.Mr. HOWARD. Until they shall meet, is
the language of the law—not "intersect," but
" meet."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of the In-
terior has no power and no rigiit by approving
particular line_ to stop that competition.
Bach road has a right to push its portion until
it meets the other, and neither company can
stop until it meets the other. The purpose of
this section is to authorize the President to fix
the point of intersection, so that each company
may build up to that particular point.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
refers to the map spoken of in the letter of
the 20th of October, 1868. I have examined
that map myself in the proper office. It is an
ordinary railroad map, with the line of road
marked down upon it, with the radiuses of all
the, curves along the line, and various other
indications which show that it is a genuine,
bona fide map of the line of road between those
two points. I know that certain persons who
have been very attentive upon Congress here
during the whole of this session and the whole
ot last session, acting in the interest of the Union
Pacific railroad, have denounced that map as
being void, as being a fraud and a humbug. I
do not know anything about the real merits of
that question of fact, whether it be a legal map
capable of being traced upon the ground or
not: but I know this, that the agents and friends
of the Central Pacific- line declare that that
map is a genuine map ; that the line has been
run and marked upon the ground, and that the
monuments erected by the engineers when they
were surveying the line have been removed or
obliterated. They insist with equal earnest-
ness that that is a genuine line, capable of being
laid upon the ground, as the Union Pacific
people declare that it is a fraud and a humbug.
This difference of opinion in regard to that
fflapand that line is an additional and, in my
opinion, a very weighty reason for the interposi-
tion of Congrssa to settle the questio'ii, and to '
determine that this point of meeting or junc-
tion shall actually be upon that line. If that
map be a fraud, if it cannot be traced upon the
ground, if it has become impossible for what-
ever reason actually to mark down the line of
road upon the ground, then it is the misfortune
of the Pacific Railroad Company, and it is void
for uncertainty and inoperative ; but I do not
think from what I have heard that the map is
of that character. I must confess, although
the testimony on each side is very conflicting
and the witnesses very angry with' each other,
[ think the map from the information I have
may be traced and laid down upon the ground.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator just
there permit me to ask him a question? One
proof in regard to the question he speaks of
would be the actual experiment. I infer from
what I hear that the Central road has been pro-
ceeding under that map and by that route to
grade and lay down iron. I should like to
inquire how near Ogden they have approached
with their grading or their completion?
Mr. HOWARD. I am unable at this mo-
ment to give a precise answer to that question.
Mr. CONKLING. I am informed by per-
sons who do profess to know all about it that
going according to this survey their work is
now within ten miles of Ogden, which is, to
my mind, evidence that they have had remark-
able luck in pursuing a route if in truth it was
not marked on the ground and could not be
ascertained.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that is true.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator from New
York mean to be understood by the Senate
that they have come in a continuous line within
ten miles of Ogden?
Mr. CONKLING. Ten miles of what?
Mr. WILSON. Of railroad.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you mean completed
rail road ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I did not say
that. If I had intended that I should have so
stated ; but I do intend to state that they have
continued their work, as I am told, to within
a very short distance of Ogden. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] says all the way
to Ogiien. Of course their road is not com-
pleted there. If it was, there would be no at-
tempt by new legislation to establish new rights
in reference to it, I take it.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot imagine that any
railroad company would so far forget its own
interests, disregard its own advantages, as to
undertake to draw a map of its line of road
which was so uncertain as to be utterly useless
and void in law, like the description in a deed
which turns out to be uncertain or impossible.
I cannot imagine that the Central Pacific rail-
road would have been so blind to its own in-
terests as formally and solemly to adopt a line
of road which was impossible or even uncer-
tain. It seems to me to be incredible. Why
should they do it? AH their interests were
against such a scheme; and if they are honor-
able, houest men they would be ashamed to
practice such a fraud upon the Government.
I have more charity than to believe that they
undertook any such foul scheme.
But one word further as to the peculiar con-
struction which the Senator from Ohio gives
to the act of 1866. In his mind it is all a ques-
tion of iact and not a question of law. I can-
not concur in that view. To me the statute is
very plain and easily understood. It declares—
" That the Union Pacific P>,aiiroad Company, with
the consent and approval of the Secretary of the
interior, are hereby authorized to locate, construct,
and continue their road from Omaha, in Nebraska
lerntory, westward, aoeoiding to the beat and most
practicable route, and without reference to the initial
point, *   ' * "and the Central Pacific
•itailroad Company, of California, with the consent
and approval ot tiie Secrctaiy of the Inferior, arc
hereby authorized to locate, construct, and continuo
their road eastward."
Authorized to locate by the consent and
approval of the Secretary of the Interior. This
company has exercised "that authority Thev .
have located their line ot road, and tile Secre- 1
tary of the Interior ha'-, given approval and
consent to the location of that identical line.
What room for cavil is there about it? How
is it hereafter a question of fact unless fraud
shall intervene; and that is hardly alleged?
If this approval is of any validity or force in
law it makes the line thus laid down by the
Central Pacific, the line between those two
points, along which these two roads are to run,
and upon some part of which they are, in the
language of the statute, to meet; and I say
here, without fear of contradiction, that if the
Union Pacific road has diverged from that
line, and assumed to traverse another and a dif-
ferent line, it has acted at its own risk and in
its own wrong, and in direct defiance and con-
tempt of the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, given on the 20th of October last
an approval of which they were fully and
clearly notified on the 15th of the following
December; a notice that was repeated on the
12th of the following January. If, in defiance
of the act, in defiance of the approval of that
map on the 20th October, in defiance of the
subsequent notifications given to them of the
approval of that map, they have gone on and
assumed to run a different line, and to work
upon it, they have done so at their own risk
and in utter contempt of the law ; and the
question arises whether in reference to that
corporation, or any other that owes its exist-
ence to the Government of the United States,
the corporation shall have its will, or whether
the law shall rule and govern the corporation.
Sir, lam in favor of upholding the law, and
requiring and forcing these corporations to
obey it mandates. I hope the time is far dis-
tant in this country when a commercial corpo-
ration shall succeed in overriding the laws of
the land.
Now, sir, one word as to the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Oregon.
I certainly should not distrust the accuracy of
the judgment to which the President might
come as to the legal rights of the parties ; but
is it best, under the circumstances, to alter the
law, to change the law, or to run even the risk
of altering or changing the law as it is written
down in our statute books ? Would it be a
pleasant duty for the President of the United
States to perform to sit in judgment upon the
conflicting claims of these two gigantic corpo-
rations? I think it would not. 1 think Con-
gress i3 fully capable of settling the questiou
of rights and of enacting a law which shall
recognize the legal rights which have already
accrued and secure them ; and I believe that
to be our solemn duty now. Hence 1 prefer
simply to create a board of commissioner^ to
go on the ground and to fix upon that line
which we have already established the point
where the lines of those two corporations shall
meet.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman".]
ilr._ SHERMAN. .1 have examined the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon, and
I have no objection to it. I will therefore
accept it—to insert the words he proposes in
lieu of the words stricken out.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I shall not
take up much of the time of the Senate; but
some remarks made by the honorable Senator
from Michigan seem to require an answer.
1 he earnestness with which he has sought to
vindicate the map filed with the Secretary of
the Interior on the 20th of October last, and
: his remarks about a great corporation—mean
| ing the Union Pacific Railroad Company,  p-
I parently forgetting theCentral Pacific—furnish
; the best answer to his argument. Here are
two corporations, or two parties to a question
in controversy. That is admitted. The an-
swer, then, is, it would be the greatest perver-
sion of legislation to legislate affecting the
rights in controversy between those two par-
ties. Lvery Senator will admit the truthful-
ness and the force of that proposition. When
two parties are in litigation and in court no
legislator would think of legi'.l'i-tiag as f*>
