500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
ing at the statute, that although it was compe-
tent for either company to present a line and
have it approved by the Secretary, and that it
was just the same whether presented by one or
the other if he approved it, the act of 1866
provided carefully and fully against such a
contingency as he now suggests, and in this
proviso:
"Provided, That each of the above-named com-
panies, shall have the right, when the nature of the
work to be done, by reason of deep cuts and tun-
nels, shall for the expeditious construction of the
Pacific railroad require it, to work for an extent of
not to exceed three hundred miles in advance of their
continuous completed line."
I supposed that in 1866, remembering very
well the discussion that we had about this pro-
vision and knowing its purpose, we had suc-
ceeded in the design, as it was then, to guard
against the very contingency to which the Sen-
ator adverts, and to restrict each company to
the limit of three hundred miles in advance of
its conterminous rails, allowing each, which-
ever chose to be most diligent in doing it, to
present its maps and profiler, and obtain if it
pleased, all the way across ihe continent, the
approval in advance of a located route. Jt
was supposed to be advantageous to have each
company vie with the other in the diligence of
making surveys and presenting materials out
of which ihe Secretary should be able to form
his judgment in making that location which
this act contemplates, and then, to the end that
neither should overreach the other, this three
hundred irile restriction was put in. That is
my understanding of it, and if I am wrong I
shall be very glad to have the Senator cor-
rect me.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator is entirely cor-
rect in that view. That was the objcctof that
law undoubtedly. At the time, as f have stated,
when ihe Central Pacific filed this map, they
were nearly five hundred miles from the end of
their completed route.
■Mr. C0NTKLIXG. That is, they filed a map;
butunder ihe law thej' had not the right to work
more than three hundred miles ahead.
Mr. THAYER. 1 do not know what they
insisted on, but they filed just that much ahead
of the completed hue, and they jumped over
a space ot fifty odd miles, I am informed, in
which there was scarcely any, if any, work
done, and then commenced at the end of fifty
miles, as I understand. I was going on to read
from this affidavit giving the substance of the
statements and declarations of the Secretary in
reference to this particular map and the issu-
ing of these bonds. General Dodge says :
" Thefirstourcompanylearned that the Secrotary
of the Interior had—Ocrobcr 20,18^8—accepted the
map of the Contra! Pacific railroad was on receiving
his letter of December 15,1888.
" Immediately—about December 19—Mr. Oliver
Ames, president, and Mr. Oakes Ames, and I, went
to tho Seci etary of the Interior and protested against
hia action. Secretary Browning stated that tlio ac-
ceptance gave a,) rights whatever to one company
over the otner: th.it the map was only accepted as a
general routwhich both companies must conform
to; that each company should keep on building.and
that it should receive its bonds as fast as tue road
shou d be completed and accepted by the commis-
sioners. He made these statements over and over
agaiu; and in answer to my suggestion that the
Central Pacific road claimed to have acquired rights
by this acceptance he scouted the idea; said that
such construction was impossible, and that we should
have our bonds as fast as our road should be com-
pleted. I asked him if wc must conform to the grades
and alignment of this map. which were far interior
to our own located line. He replied that we need
not conform to them ; that such was not his inten-
tion : that he wanted the best possible line; and
that he only wanted the two companies to conform
to some general line, so that the two roads would
meet and conneot and not pass each othei.
About January 12. our track being completed to
the one thousandth taile-post, passing over about
thn tv miles of this line of tho (Jentral Pacific rail-
road winch bad been accepted October 20, 1868, we
applied for the bonds due us on forty miles of track,
and they wero promptly issued."
Thus the Government by its own act dis-
avowed that line on that map, because itissued
to the Union Pacific Company bonds over forty
miles of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Not within the three hun-
dred miles of the other end, as I understand.
_ Mr. THAYER. It is over a portion ot the
line covered by the map.
Mr. CONKLING. But not within the three
hundred miles.
Mr. THAYER. I am answering the argu-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, who claimed
that this map was genuine, and that by its
being accepted it became a law. I say by this
action of the Government they did not recog-
nize it, because they issued bonds over forty
miles of that line to the Union Pacific road, as
General Dodge states. I will read it again :
"About January 12, our track being completed to
the one thousandth mile-post, passing over about
thirty miles of this line of the Central Pacific rail-
road which had been accepted October 20,1868, we
applied for the bonds due us on forty miles of track,
and they were promptly issued."
Mr. CONKLTNG. If my friend will allow
me, that is precisely, as I understand it, what
those who argue in favor of the Central Pacific
contend, and it is exactly what I must say I
believe the law to be, to wit: that when this
line was established both companies were bound
to stand to and abide by it, to build upon it.
As that affidavit states, the Union Pacific road
built forty miles upon it, and the Secretary,
acknowledgingthe law, issued the bonds. That
is precisely the proposition as contended for
all the time and as stated by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, whereas my honorable
friend from Nebraska, like the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, seems determined to insist all
the time that the Senator from Michigan and
others contend that when this line was once
established it was not only an established and
obligatory line, but became the separate and
exclusive property of the Central Pacific rail-
road. No such thing is contended for, as I
understand, but simply that it became the line
common to both of them and obligatory upon
both.
Mr. HOWARD. And I expressly disavowed
any such opinion on my part as clearly as I
could.
Mr. CONKLING. So I understood the
Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. I stated that the use of
this line belonged in common to both these
companies : but nevertheless it was a line fixed
by law, on which they both were to work.
Mr. THAYER. The line has been filed by
the Central Pacific Company as their line. I
ask the Senator it he means now that the Union
Pacific will be authorized to build on the same
line and receive bonds ?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly; and I have
said so over and over again in this debate.
Mr. THAYER. I say again to my friend
from Michigan and my friend from New York,
whose heads are so clear on all questions, that
I trust they will not undertake to mislead the
Senate—1 know they will not do it inten-
tionally—in this way. The proposition is too
preposterous. One road must have it or the
other; and the Central Pacific claim3 it as its
line. Now, I ask my friend from Michigan if
that is not so ?
Mr. HO WARD. I have never been informed
that the Central Pacific claimed that line as its
line, that is, as its exclusive line : and I do not
believe they ever did, or ever contemplated
doing it.
Mr. THAYER. Why did they file the map,
then ?
Mr. HOWARD. They filed the map because
they had a right to suggest to the Secretaiy of
the interior what the line should be. The
same right existed in behalf of the Union
Pacific ; but the Secretary of the Interior hav-
ing this map before him, and having under the
act of 1866 given his consent and approval to
it, it became the line for both those companies.
Mr. THAYER. It is difficult for me to be-
lieve that my friend from Michigan is serious
in this matter; but of course I must take him
at his word. Why was the Central Pacific au-
thorized to locatealine for the Union Pacific?
Mr. HOWARD. It was not.
Mr. THAYER. That is what I claim.
Mr. HOWARD. The claim is simply with-
out foundation. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. THAYER. Why was the Central Pa-
cific authorized to locate a line four huudred
and forty or four hundred and fifty miles east,
and the Union Pacific not allowed to locate at
all? Why did the Central Pacific seek to go
so far in advance on the 20th of October last?
Was it doing it as an act of kindness to lay
down the route which the Union Pacific should
build on ?
Mr. HOWARD. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator as much as he dislikes interruption;
but if he will pardon me, I will call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a letter addressed to me
by the Secretary of the Interior on the 17th of
last month, where the argument is stated as
completely, certainly, as I am able to state it.
He says:
" The Government has accepted the Union Pacific
railroad from its eastern terminus to the one thou-
sandth mile-post, and the Central Pacific railroad of
California to a point five hundred and ten miles east
of Sacramento. Each of said companies has con-
structed another section of twenty miles, uponwhieh
the (government has not filially acted.
"My immediate predecessor"—
This is the sentence to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate—
"under the section last quoted, approved, on the
20th day of October last, tho location made by the
Central P.icific railroad of California from the bead
of Salt Lake to Echo summit. A copy of his letter,
marked 'A,' is herewith transmitted."
That I have already read.
"It was believed that this action did not confer,
and it certainly was not intended to confer, upon
that company an exclusive right of construenrig its
load over the located route designated by the map
then filed. The Department, from the lights then
before it, simply approved that route. The equal
right of each company to prosecute work over it in
a continuous completed line"—
That is the language of the law—
"until its road should meet and connect with the
road of the other company was not called in ques-
tion."
This common right, common to both com-
panies, has never been called in question.
Each has the right to build in a continuous
line on the route laid down on that map, thus
approved and consented to by the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. THAYER. Let me ask my friend from
Michigan how it is that the Centra! Pacific
haveobtained bonds over this route in advanee ?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose they have ob-
tained bonds in consequence of having con-
structed sections of the road on that line. I
know not how many bonds they have obtained,
but 1 cannot presume and [ will not presume
that bonds have been issued to either company
in fraud of the law and without proper intorm-
ation.
Mr. CONKLING. If the two Senators will
allow me to interrupt for a moment, I have a
pamphlet here, a letter addressed to the hon-
orable chairman of the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, which was put in my hands a day or
two ago, a part of which I have read, and all
of which I have not been able to read; but it
states with a good deal of particularity about
these bonds, the statement being that the sub-
ject was considered in Cabinet meeting, and
was referred to the Attorney General of the
United States, and upon his report it was de-
termined that the proper termination of their
rights was Ogden, and up to that point these
bonds were issued.
Mr. THAYER. I must say that both my
honorable friends are very anxious to antici-
pate the arguments which I may make. I had
not come to the consideration of the question
of bonds.
Mr. CONKLING. I admit the justice of
that; and I will not interrupt the honorable
Senator any further, lie has been very goo'l
natured, I will certify, in permitting so many
interruptions.
Mr. THAYER. With the kindest of feel-
ings toward my honorable friend from New
York, I must say that it is most remarkable to
bring in the opinion of the Attorney General
here in advance of anything I have said to show
that these bonds were lawfully issued. There
does seem to be un extraordinary desire to
press this amendment and to settle this ques-
tion of the meeting of the two roads hera in
the Seuate.
