1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
tion to the present consideration of the joint
resolution ?
Mr. CONKLING. J think such a matter as
that ought to be considered with some delib-
eration. I do not want to object, but I hope it
will be taken up at some future time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on tbe Calendar.
amendments to deficiency bill.
Mr. Chandler, Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Patter-
son, Mr. Fowler, and Mr. Abbott submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the bill
(Ii. R. No. 354) making appropriations and to
supply deficienees in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal years
ending JuneoO. 1869,and June30,1870; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. I renew my motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 5, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions to be referred to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider. During this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order.
printing op debates.
Mr. ELA introduced a bill (H. R. No. 370)
to provide for printing the Congressional Rec-
ord ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
department of justice.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 371) to establish a department of justice ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committeeon Retrenchment, and or-
dered to be primed.
ARLP.rTE LEONARD.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
372 • for an act granting a pension to Arlette
Leonard, widow of Marvin H. Leonard ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
maria pratt,
Mr. DONLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
373; granting a pension to Maria Pratt; which
was read a lirst and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
willi am h. harrison.
Mr. SCOFiELP introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 3741 for the relief of William II. Harrison;
which was read a lirst and second time, and
referred to-the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
john m'lain.
Mr. SCOFIELD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 37o'i for the relief of John McLain ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
nr.M ("TION OF A It MY OFFICERS.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
37in to reduce the number of officers in the
Army of the Uniieu States ; which was read a
first und second time, relerred to the Com-
mute! on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
piiniL'd.
rt iit.io isnrcmoN in tub district.
Mr. WKLKEli introduced a bill I.H. R- No.
377) to provide a uniform system of education
for the public schools of the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of !
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
CRIMINAL CODE roil THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 378) to provide a criminal code for the
District of Columbia; whieh was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
law department.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill.(H. R.
No. 379) to establish a law department; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, and ordered to
be printed.
elections in unreconstructed states.
Mr. LAWRENCE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 380) to preserve the purity of elections
and the right of free discussion in the unrecon-
structed States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
public buildings at paducah, kentucky.
Mr. TRIMBLE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
381) appropriating 8100,000 for building a
custom-house, post office, United States court-
rooms, and offices for the United States inter-
nal revenue at Paducah, Kentucky; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
post route in tennessee.
Mr. ARNELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
382) to establish a post route from Linden to
Waynesboro', in the State of Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
nashville and decatur railroad.
Mr. ARNELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 383) to regrant certain public lands in the
State of Alabama to the Nashville and Decatur
railroad; which Was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask that this bill be
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to the print-
ing of so many bills, for it wili make our files
; so large that it will be difficult to refer to them i;
with any readiness. j>
Mr. ARNELL. I hope the gentleman will j
withdraw his objection to the printing of this j
bill, for it is one of some importance. !
Mr. IIOLMAN. Very well: I will withdraw '
my objection, though 1 think too many bills [
are printed. j
j The order to print was accordingly made. j
i public buildings at memphis, tennessee. \
I
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, introduced a bill j
I (H. R. No. 384) making an appropriation of ;
; §200,000 for the purpose of building a court- j
i house and post office at Memphis. Tennessee: i
■ which was read a first and second time, and i
, referred to the Committee on Appropriations, j
\ fort cullom,colorado. |
i Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R; No. ]
! 385) declaring the lands constituting the Fort ,
I Cuiiom military reservation, in the Territory :
i of Colorado, subject to preemption and home- ;
! stead entry, as provided for in existing laws ;
| which was read a first and second time, and '
i referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
uniform system of bankruptcy.
Mr. JC'DD introduced a bill (H. R, No.
oSO) to amend an act to establish a uniform ,
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, approved March 2. 18«>7 : which was ■
read a first and second time, and referred to
tlie Committee on Revision of Laws of the j
United States. ;
CHARLES PITCIIEE. j
Mr. COOK introduced a bill t,H, R. No. 1.
387) for the relief of Charles Pitchee ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee oa Private Land Claims.
post route in illinois.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
388) to establish a post road from Carmi, Illi-
nois, via Roland and Elba, to Equality, Illi-
nois ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to tbe Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
land titles in missouri.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 389) to quiet certain land
titles in the State of Missouri; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
post route in missouri.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 390) establishing a post
route in the State of Missouri; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
portage lake and river.
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 391) establishing the right of way of
the Portage Lake and River Improvement
Company, and providinsjfor agrantof laud for
said improvement; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, asking for an appropriation to im-
prove Portage Lake and river, in Houghton
county, in said State ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
elmira brainard.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, in favor of a pension tor Eimira
Brainard : which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
pensions to soldiers of 1812.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Michigan, ask-
ing the passage of an act granting a pension
to the soldiers of 1812: which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
of tbe War of 1812.
geological survey of michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of .Michigan, ask-
ing an appropriation to aid a geological survey
ot that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
lieutenant william ii. neediia.m.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 392) for tbe relief of Lieutenant Wil-
liam H. Needham, late of twenty-second Iowa
. infautry: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee ou Military
Affairs.
land-grant railroads in michigan, etc.
Mr. SAWYER, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
393) granting lauds to the States of Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
land grants in iowa and minnesota.
Mr. WILKINSON introduced a joint reso-
lution ,,11. R. No. 701 extending certain land
grants in iowa and Minnesota : which was read
a tirst and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lauds, and ordered to be
printed.
southern boundary of colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. St'41 ill relation to the southern boundary
of Colorado Territory ; which was read a first
uud second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories) and ordered to be printed.
