506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
pay of officers in territories.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 393) in relation to the fees and com-
pensation of United States attorneys, marshals,
and clerks in the Territories of Colorado and
New Mexico ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
district of columbia bonds, etc.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 396) to authorize the Distrietof Columbia
and the cities therein to borrow money by issu-
ing bonds ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
hours of labor for government employes.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No. 71) regulating the hours of labor
of Government laborers, workmen, and me-
chanics ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
minnie hesse.
Mr. BURR introduced a bill (II. R. No. 397j
granting additional pension to Minnie Hesse,
of Winchester, Illinois; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
prize money monitor and 3ierri1iac.
Mr. REEVES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
398) allowing prize money to the officers and
crew of the Monitor for the fight with the Mer-
rimac iu Hampton Roads, March 9, 1862;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred, with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
revesce-cdtter s. p. chase.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) to authorize
the transfer of the revenue-cutter S. P. Chase
from the lakes to the sea-board; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
funding the pbbl1c debt, etc.
Mr. WINANS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
399) to provide for the funding of the Treas-
ury notes and floating debt, and for the refund-
ing of the funded debt of the Uniled States,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
taxes on whisky and tobacco.
Mr. WINANS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 400) to amend the third section of an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20,1868; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
order of bcsi.vhss.
Several members called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to slate
that he will feel constrained hereafter, though
reluctant to do so, to break up the habit winch
has grown up among members of offering bills
for reference during the morning hour after
their States have been called. Bills cannot
properly be thus introduced without unanimous
consent, which cannot be asked during the
morning hour on Monday. More than that,
the practice is in derogation of the rights ot'
members who may desire to present on the
second call resolutions or bills for immediate
action. lhe Chair therefore gives notice that
hereafter gentlemen having bills to introduce
for reference, and who are not in their seats
when the States are called, must wait till after
the morning hour, when they can ask unani-
mous consent or move to suspend the rules.
The call for bills and joint resolutions on
leave for reference having been concluded,
the next business in order during the morning
hour is tlie call of States for resolutions, be-
ginning with the State of Ohio, where the call
rested at the expiration of the iiioniin? hour
on Monday last. During this call bills and
joint resolutions can be introduced and put
upon their passage.
redistribution of currency.
Mr. GARFIELD. I submit the following
resolution, and demand the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved. That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to report to the House for
action on Tuesday morning next, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, Senate biliNo. 43, to pro-
vide for the redistribution of the currency, together
with such amendments as said committee may rec-
ommend,
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Thatalters
the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution changes
the rules of the House, and it is not in order
during the morning hour on Monday.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it not in order under
a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the resolu-
tion for the present.
geological surveys.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations :
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the practicability of
applying so much ot the amount already appropri-
ated or to be appropriated for the United States
Coast Survey as may be necessary to enable the
director of said survey to cooperate with commis-
sioners instituted in the States bordering upon the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, for the purpose of obtain-
ing an accurate geological survey and topographical
map of said States and promoting the development
of themineral resources of the country.
mount vernon relics.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was read, considered,
and referred to the Committee on the J udiciary :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of restoring
to Mrs. Mary CustisLee the articles now iu the Patent
Office known as the "Mount Vernon relics," and
said to have been taken from her home at Arlington
during the war; said committee to have authority to
send for persons and papers, and to report to this
House at as early a day as practicable.
achilles nelson and samuel jeffries.
On motion of Mr. GOLLADAY, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers of Achilles Nelson
and Samuel Jeffries, reported back to the
House by the Committee of Ways and Means
of the Fortieth Congress.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported ajoint resolution (S. R.
No 73) relative to the Cherokee neutral lands
in the State of Kansas and the late treaties
respecting the same ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution declares that so much
of the treaties between the United States and
the Cherokee nation of Indians, proclaimed
August 11, 1866. and June 10, 1S68, as profess
to authorize a sale of the lands described in
the seventeenth article of said first-mentioned
treaty, and all contracts and grants purporting
to be made thereunder, are annulled and de-
clared void; and said lands are made subject
to settlement, entry, and sale, at §1 25 per
acre, under the laws of the United States regu-
lating preemptions, which laws are hereby ex-
tended over and made applicable to said lands ;
and the proceeds of the sales of said lands shall
be from time to time paid over to said nation
of Indians until the total sum paid shall be
equal to $1 '25 per acre for all said lands;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall refund
all moneys paid to the United States under any
sale made by virtue of said treaty; provided
that the purchasers of said lands shall pay the
fees and expenses of their several purchases
from the Government as required of other
preemptors; and provided further that when
bona fide settlers are found on the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections of said land the same
■dn.ll not be reserved for school purposes, but
other lands of like amount in said tract, as
contiguous thereto as may be, not occupied
by settlers, shall be substituted therefor, and
designated by the State of Kansap.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Julian were appointed.
Mr. JULIAN. This joint resolution has
been carefully considered by the Committee
on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So tbe previous question was seconded. *
The main question was ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
iu the affirmative—-yeas 98, nays 35, not voting
63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett,
Blair, Boles, Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Cessna, Church-
ill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook,Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis,Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Donley, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fitch. Hale, Hawley, Hoar, Hotmail,
Hooper, Hopkins. Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Keiley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflio, Lawrence, Logan,
Louff'nridgo, MeCrary, McGrew. MeNeely, Mereur,
William Moore, Negley,O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Kiee, Roots. Sai-gent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stokes, Tanner, Tillman, Tyner, Upson, Van
Aukeu. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn. Welker. Wheeler, Whittemore. Wil-
kinson, Wiilard, Williams, Eugene M. Wiiso,',
Wmans, and Witohei—9iS.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bingham. Brooks, Burr,
Calkin, Cleveland, Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge, Gol-
laday, Haldeman, Hamill, liay. Johnson,Tnoraas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Marshall, Mayham.Ma.y-
naru, Samuel P. Morrill, Mutigen, Niblack, Potter,
Reading, fleeves, Sloeum, Swann, Sweeney, Tritn-
b.e,Yoorhees.Wells,Win.liester, and Woodward—M.
-\0T VOTING—Messrs. Adam?, Armstrong, Ax-
tell, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs Bird, Bowen,
Dawes. Dewe^se. Duval, Dyer, Ferry, Fox, GaiiitM,
Getz. Giltillan, Greene, (Jriswold. Haight, Hambiu-
ton, Hamilton. Hawkins, ileatoii. Hill, Hoag, Hoieh-
kiss. Ingersoll. Jcnckes, Kiuspp. Lynch, McCarthy.
MeCormiek, Moffet, Eliakim H. Moore. Jesse H.
Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell. Morrissey, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Peters. Bandall, Rogers. Sau-
ford, Schenek, Schumaker, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Stoughton, Stradcr,
Strickland, Taffe, Townsend, Twichell, Van Horn,
Yan Trump, John T. Wilson, and Wood—63.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsidei be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
richard bfsteed.
Mr. SHANKS offered the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That tlie charges against Richard Bus-
teed. district judge of the United States tor the dis-
trictot Alabama, and the testimony heretofore taken
by the Committee on the Judiciary of the House in
the last Congress, be referred to tiio Committer on
the Judiciary for the purpose of continuing said in-
vestigation, with power to act through a sub-com-
mittee during the recess of Congress.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes B0, noes 35 : no quorum voting
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. shamm
and Scofield were appointed.
The House divided : and the tellers repc .
ed—ayes 88, noes 4G.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will ft be
in order to refer this to the Committee on the
Judiciary ?
Hie SPEAKER. Not unless the. House
refuses to order the main question.
Mr. SCOMELI). 1 move to lay the reso
lution on the table.
