1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 51,
noes 67.
Tlie main question was then ordered.
Mr. DI CKiiY. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution,
Thejeas and nays were refused.
The resolution was then agreed to—ayes 62,
noes 40.
.Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
hy which the resolution was adopred; and also
moved ihat lUe motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national ccekency.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
401) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
lor the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1804; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was reported. It provides that every
national banking association selected as a de-
pository of public moneys, under the provisions
of section forty-five of the act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
tor the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864, shall deposit United
States bonds with the Treasurer of the United
Stales as security for such deposits ; and when-
evei the public moneys deposited in such asso-
ciation shall exceed ninety per cent, of the par
value of the bonds so held by the Treasurer as
security it shall be the duty of the Treasurer
forthwith, by draft orotherw:se, to reduce the
amount of such deposits to a sum not exceed-
ing ninety per cent, of the bonds deposited as
herein specified. If any officer or agent of any
association designated as a depository of public
moneys shall pay or offer to pay any money or
other valuable consideration, directly or in-
directly for the purpose of obtaining or retain-
ing deposits of public moneys, or if any officer
or agent of the Government shall receive any
money or other valuable consideration, directly
or indirectly for making such deposit of public
moneys, such officer or agent shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction
thereof, in any United States court having
jurisdiction, shall be punished by a fine of not
less than $1,000 or imprisonment for not less
than one year nor more than five years, or both,
in the discretion of the court.
Section two provides that section forty-two
of said act be so amended as to provide that
within ninety days lrom the date of the notice
served upon the Comptroller of the Currency
bv any national banking association that its
shareholders have voted to go into liquidation,
as provided in said section, the said associa-
tion shall pay over to the Treasurer of the
United States the amount of its outstanding
notes in lawful money of the United States and
take up the bonds which said association has
on deposit wiih the Treasurer for the security
of its circulating notes, which bonds shall be
assigned to the bank in the manner specified
in the nineteenth section of said net; in default
of which the Comptroller of the Currency shall
sell said bonds to the highest bidder, at public
auction, at the stock exchange in the city of
New York, and from the proceeds thereof shall
pay over to the Treasurer of the United States,
in lawful money, an amount equal to the out-
standing circulation of such association, and
shall pay over any surplus remaining to the
officers of the association. And any associa-
tion which has heretofore gone into liquidation
under the provisions of the section to which
this if an amendment shall pay over to the
Treasurer lawful money equal in amount to its
outstanding circulation within ninety days from
the date of the passage ot this act, in default
of which its bonds shall be sold as above pro-
\tded. And from that time the outstanding
notes shall be redeemed at the Treasury of the
Pi.ued States, and the said association and the
shareholders thereof shall be discharged from
all liability therefor: provided that any asso-
ciation winding up its affairs for the purpose
of consolidation with another bank shall not be
compelled to pay to the Treasurer of the United
States theamouut of its outstanding circulation
in lawful money, uor shall its bonds be sold as
above provided.
Section three provides that there shall be
allowed to receivers of national banking asso-
ciations appointed in accordance with the pro -
visions of the national currency act, in full
compensation for their services, a salary of
§1,S00 per annum, and in addition thereto a
commission of two per cent, upon the first
$100,000; a commission of one half of one per
cent, upon all sums above $100,000 and not
exceeding.$500,000 ; and a commission of one
quarter of one per cent, on all sums over
$500,000 that may be collected ; which salary
and commission shall be paid by the Comp-
troller of the Currency out of any money real-
ized from the assets of the bank so in thejiands
of the receiver; provided that the payment of
one half the commissions may be reserved, in
the discretion of the Comptroller, until the
affairs of the bank are finally closed, which
sum shall then be paid to the receiver, or, in
case more than one receiver has acted, it shall
be apportioned among the several receivers by
the Comptroller of the Currency according to
equity. And all receivers appointed as afore-
said shall be considered officers or agents of
the Government, and shall have the right to
bring suits iu the United States courts, and
may invest the assets of the bank in their hands
in bonds of the United States while the affairs
of the bank are in process of liquidation, which
bonds shall be deposited with the Treasurer of
the United States, subject to the order of th
Comptroller of the Currency : and the receiver
shall also make report to the Comptroller of
all their acts and proceedings ; and the Comp-
troller shall be authorized to sell such bonds,
lrom time to time, in order to make the divi-
dend and payments provided for in the fiftieth
section of the act to which this act is supple-
mentary. And the judge of the United States
district court for the district in which such
suits are brought shall fix the fees or compen-
sation to be allowed to the attorneys for such
receivers, having due reference to the amount
of labor performed and to the interests of the
creditors of the bank.
Section four provides that to secure a better
distribution of the national banking currency
there may be issued circulating notes to bank-
ing associations organized and to be organized
m States and Territories having a less banking
circulation than iheir pro rata share, as herein
set forth. And the circulation herein author-
ized shall as it is required be withdrawn, as
herein provided, from banking operations in
States having a circulation exceeding that pro-
vided for by I he act entitled '• An act to amend
an act entitled ' An act to provide for a national
banking currency secured hy pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof,' " approved March 3,
1865 ; but the amount, to be so withdrawn shall
not exceed §30,000,000. And the rate of dis-
tribution for $150,000,000 of the circulation
authorized by law shall be according to repre-
sentation in Congress; and for the remaining
$150,000,000 shall be according to the value of
all property, real and personal, within such
States and "Territories, the same to be ascer-
tained by the Secretary of the Treasure'. The
Comptroller of the Currency shall, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
make a statement showing the amount of cir-
culation in each State and the amount to be
retired by each bank in accordance with this
section, and shall when circulation is required
make a requisition for such amount upon such
banks, commencing with the banks having a
circulation exceeding $1,000,000 in States
having an excess of circulation, and withdraw-
ing one third of their cirrulstion in excess of
$1,000,000, and then proceeding pro rata with
luniks having a circulation exceeding $100,000
in Stiles having the largest ore of eiseula-
tuui. and reducing the cureuiation of banks in
States having the greatest proportion in excess,
leaving undisturbed the banks in States having
a smaller proportion, until those in greater
excess have been reduced to the same grade,
and continuing thus to make the reduction pro-
vided for by this act until the full amount of
$30,000,000 herein provided for shall be with-
drawn ; and the circulation so withdrawn shall
be distributed among the States and Territories
having less than their proportion, and so as to
equalize the distribution of such circulation
among such States and Territories upon the
basis provided by this act. And upon failure
of such bank to return the amount so required
within ninety days after said requisition, it. shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency
to sell at public auction, having given twenty
days' notice in a newspaper published in Wash-
ington city and New York city, an amount of
bonds deposited by said bank as security for
its circulation equal to the circulation to be
withdrawn from such bank, and with the pro-
ceeds to redeem so many of the notes of such
bank as they come into the Treasury as will
equal the amount required from it, and shall pay
the balance to such bank ; provided that the cir-
culation herein authorized shall he issued only
as circulation is withdrawn, so that the aggre-
gate of circulation shall not at any time exceed
$300,000,000.
Section five provides that any banking asso-
ciation located in any State having more than
its proportion of circulation may be removed
to any State having less than its proportion of
circulation under such rules and regulations
as the Comptroller of the Currency, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, may
require.
At the conclusion of the reading of the above
bill the morning hour expired, and the bill went
over.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
at the adjournment on Saturday last the House
had under consideration a bill providing for
the taking of the ninth census, on which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] is en-
titled to the floor. He can be taken from it,
however, by a majority vote on the motion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say that it is
necessary to go to the Speaker's table as olten
as once a day during this week in order to
dispose of the business.
The motion of Mr. Dawks was agreed to—
ayes 72. noes 41.
st. cuoix and lake superior railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking
up and acting upon the joint resolution Ii.
No. 11) extending the time to construct a rail-
road from the St. Croix river or lake to the west
end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield.
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to move to refer that
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the reading of the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I call
for tellers on the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks, and
Mr. Washbuex of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The House divided: and the tellers report-
ed—ayes forty-three.
The affirmative vote not being two thirds of
a quorum, the rules were not suspended.
agricultural report.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution lioin
the Senate :
lit it resolved biitke Scnn'e, (the House of Repre-
sentatives concurring.) That there be printed twenty
ihousiuut extra copies of the annual report oi^tno
Commissioner of Agriculture for tho uso of the baa-
ate, oue hundred and thou^Jina eoi>ies Ol tbe
tor the u?e of the lipase, and twenty-three
ihmisuud copies of the same for disuiUutum by the
ComroisMouer of Agrieukure.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move that the
