508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
resolution of the Senate be concurred in with
an amendment, to strike oat " twenty-three
thousand" and insert "twenty-eight thou-
sand so that it will read :
Twenty-eight thousand copies of the same for dis-
tribution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. LAFLIN. I make the point of order
that all such resolutions as this must, in accord-
ance with law, be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.WiL-
SON] was recognized and took charge of the
resolution, the gentleman from New York not
applying for the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there not a law which
requires that all such resolutions shall be
referred to the Committee on Printing ?
The SPEAKER. The law is specific on
that point, and the Chair sustains the point of
order. The resolution and amendment are
referred to the Committee on Printing. The
Chair was under the impression that this was
a House resolution with an amendment of the
Senate; but it is not.
james c. taylor.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No.-211) for the relief of James
C. Taylor, of Montgomery county, in the State
of Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on lie-
construction.
paving pennsylvania avenue.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 90) to provide for the
pavement of Pennsylvania avenue ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
MEXICAN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 195) to carry into effect
the convention of July 4, 1868, between the
United States and Mexico, for the adjustment
of claims ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the bill be \
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it should go to the ;
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the hill will be passed
now. It is important that there should be
action upon it at this time. If it should be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
I fear we should not have an opportunity to
report it this session.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my motion.
The hill was read. It provides that the
President shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate appoint, a
commissioner on the part of the United States
to hear and decide, conjointly with the com-
missioner to be appointed on the part of the
republic of Mexico, the claims comprehended
in the provisions of the convention of July 4,
1808, between the United States and Mexico.
it is provided by the second section that the
compensation of llie commissioner shall be at
such late, not exceeding $4,500 a year in the
currency of the United States, as may be
determined by agreement between the Execu-
tive departments of this Government and of
Mexico. The compensation of the secretary
to be appointed on the part of the United
States under the provisions of the convention
is to be at such rate, not exceeding $2,500 a
year in the currency of the United States, as
shall be determined in the manner stated.
L>y the third section the President is also
authorized to appoint a suitable person as agent
on behalf of the United Slates to attend the
commissioners, to present and support claims
on behalf of this Government, to answer claims
made upon it. and to represent it generally in
all mutters connected with the investigation
and decision thereof. The compensation of
such agent, not to exceed $4,000, is to be
determined and allowed by the President; and
the President is authorized to make provision
for the contingent expenses of the commission
and for the advances contemplated by the sixth
article of the convention as to him shall appear
! reasonable and proper.
| By the fourth section the commissioner on
| the part of the United States, in conjunction
with the commissioner on the part of Mexico,
is authorized to make all needful rules and
regulations for conducting the business of the
commission, such rules and regulations not eon-
traveningthe Constitution of the United States,
the provisions of the act, or the convention.
By section five the Secretary of State is re-
quired to transmit to the commissioner on the
part of the United States such papers and
records relating to the commission -as he may
deem proper, or as may be called for by th'e
commissioners, and at the termination of the
commission all the records, documents, and
other papers which have been brought before
the commissioners, or which may be in pos-
session of their secretaries, are to be deposited
in the.Department of State ; but this section
is not to be so construed as to prevent the com-
missioner on the part of Mexico from deposit-
ing in the Department certified copies or dupli-
cates of papers produced on behalf of his Gov-
ernment instead of originals.
The sixth section provides that upon sug-
gestion by either party that a witness whose
testimony is deemed important refuses or is
unwilling to testify, it is to be competent for
the board of commissioners to issue a com-
mission to some suitable person to take the
testimony of such witness, who, if in the
United States, may be compelled to appear
and testify before the commissioners in the
same manner as is now provided by law in the
case of commissions issued from the courts of
the United States.
The question was upon ordering the biil to
be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is that
the third section of this bill makes an appro-
priation, and under the rule the bill must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be
suspended, in order that this bill may be now
considered in the House.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 44, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Holm ax were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—aye3 75, noes 25.
So (two-thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. BANKS. 1 do not wish to occupy the
attention of the House upon this bill. It is
simply a bill to carry into effect a treaty with
Mexico for the settlement of claims of Ameri-
can citizens. It relates wholly to the appoint-
ment of commissioners and the establishment
of the necessary regulations for hearing the
cases. It is deemed important by the Govern-
ment that the commission should be appointed
now. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BANKS. Upon that question I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed ; there being upon
a division—ayes 74, noes 28.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the_ bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motiou to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. >
charter op -washington city.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 185, to continue in force an act
entitled "An actto extend the charter ofWasli-
ington city," &c. ; which was taken up, and read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill provides that the first and sixth sec-
tions of the act entitled "An act to extend
the charter of Washington city, also to regu-
late the selection of officers, and for other pur-
poses," of the 26th of May, 1868, shall be con-
tinued in force for the period of one year, and
until Congress shall otherwise determine ; and
that all the other sections of said act shall be
Mr. COOK. I call the previous question on
this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We ought to have some
explana'ion of this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. We do not know what acts
are to be continued. I wish the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] would tell us.
Mr. COOK. The sections of this act of
May 26, 1868, which it is proposed by this bill
to continue, are merely the sections extending
the charter of Washington city, which expired
by limitation. The sections which are repealed
are those sections which authorized the appoint-
ment of certain city officers by a joint vote of
the two branches of the common council. The
repeal of those sections restores the former
practice of nomination by the mayor and con-
firmation by the common council.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not make the charter
perpetual, instead of extending it from year
to year.
Mr. COOK. This bill extends the charter
for one year, and until Congress shall other-
wise order. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
! that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
! table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
s. and ii. sayles.
The nest business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 47) for the relief of S. and
H. Sayles; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that this bill be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
. ABSENTEE SHAWNEE LANDS IN KANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. No. 8) for the relief of
settlers upon the absentee Shawnee lauds in
Kansas; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that this joint resolu-
tion beput on its passage at this time.
The joint resolution was read. The preamble
recites that a large tract of lands set apart by
a treaty with the Shawnee tribe of Indians,
dated May 10,1854, and proclaimed November
2, 1854, for the benefitof certain absentees of
the Shawnee tribe, is now, and for many years
past has been, occupied by a large number of
white settlers and citizens of the State of Kansas:
that the beneficial i nterest of the abseii tee Sh aw-
nees in the lands was and is absolutely lor-
feited by reason of their continued absence
and non-affiliation with the tribe; that the
lands were ordered to be publicly sold at the
bnited btates land office at Topcka, August
3, 18G3, by Abraham Lincoln, 1'iesident, by
his proclamation dated xMaich 20, 18ij'S, and
by reason of the absence of large nmnifrs of
the settlers from their homes in the Federal
armies the sale was indefinitely postponed. It
is therefore proposed by the resolution to
declaie that each b()iia jule settler now occupy-
