514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April o}
ho restricted 1 shall eonfine my remarks to as
narrow limits as possible.
It is yue that this land grant was made some
twelve years ago. It is also true tbat that por-
tion of the road from St. Croix Lake to Lake
Superior haa not been built. But it is further
true that alternate sections of land along the
line of this road have been sold in great quan-
tities by the Government of the United states
for $2 50 per acre, and the people have bought
them with the understanding that the road was
to be built, so that if you do not renew the
grant and the road is not completed you are
in duty bound to refund $1 25 per acre to
these purchasers. The reason why the road
has not been built is that the State of Wiscon-
sin, unfortunately, allowed it to go into the
hands of parties who used it for their own
purposes and not for the benefit of the people.
But, sir, on the 5th day of May next the grant
will expire, and the State will resume control,
and if you renew the grant it will pass into the
hands of a responsible company who will go
on and build it at once.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
has alluded to something that I said to him in
regard to this matter. What I said to him was
this: that if the company did not go on in good
faith and build the road a distance of thirty
miles in eighteen months I had provided in the
bill that the grant should be absolutely forfeited,
and it was made the duty of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to put the lands
immediately into market. They cannot be put
into market without an act of Congress, and
here is a bill proposing to do it without more
delay if this company does not go on in good
faith at once. The company must construct
thirty miles in the first eighteen months, and
thirty miles every year thereafter. The State
of Wisconsin has memorialized Congress with
entire unanimity on the part of the Legislature
to extend this grant. There is no opposition
to it among the people, and the delegation in
Congress is united on the subject, and ask that
t he same act of justice that you have extended
to every other State should be extended to ours.
We should consider it an act of great injustice
for you to refuse to us the same privilege you
have extended to other States. No harm can
arise in extending this grant. It does not grant
a single additional acre of land. When the
road is built it will develop a region of country
that cannot be developed without it.
I am not surprised at the opposition of my
friend from Iudiana, because I know he op-
poses all these things ; but I am surprised at
the opposition from other geutleman who are
not known to be opposed in principle to land
grants for railroads. Why thus opposed ? It
is difficult to account for the opposition of
such men. There should be no opposition here
except from the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] and those taking similar views with
him on landgrants. The only other opposition
comes from a railroad. It can come from no-
where else. Every man that desires cheap
transportation and cheap bread for his constit-
uents should be in favor of the construction of
this road. It is a rival interest that is oppos-
ing it here. I know that that rival interest has
no influence upon the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Juliax,] who is opposed to all such meas-
ures as this, but it has, I fear, on other gen-
tlemen here. It is from the men engaged in
building a rival road between the upper Mis-
sissippi and Lake Superior, who are repre-
sented here, that the opposition comes. This
joint resolution has been considered in the
Senate. It was reported by a committee of
tiie Senate, and has passed that body, and it
contains such restrictions that there certainly
ought to be no objection to it. I hope the
House will not refer it. I will say farther that
I am satisfied from evidence recently laid be-
fore me that responsible gentlemen are ready to
go oil aifd build the road, and to go on at once,
"and if you fail to pass this joint resolution it
will, delay the whole matter for twelve months.
This is the reason why I am opposed to the
reference of the joint resolution. The House
can understand it now just as well as you would
if it was referred to the committee. We ask
nothing that does not properly belong to us.
The Government has sold a "cry considerable
portion of these lands already for $2 50 an
acre. I am not able to say how may acres,
but I know a good many thousand. If you open
this road you will sell all the alternate sections
at $2 50 an acre, and without the road you will
not sell them very soon at any price.
The gentleman from Indiana says that the
company has stripped untold amounts of tim-
ber from these lauds. That is untrue iu point
of fact. There may have been some taken from
these lands, but the joint resolution provides
that there shall not be another stick cut until
after thirty miles of the railroad shall have
been completed.
Now, sir, I repeat that there can be no oppo-
sition to this measure except what is inspired
by interested parties, by the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral railroad and those connected with it. If
you wish to uphold that monopoly and destroy
the interests of Wisconsin, you can do it. If
you wish to deal fairly with us and the people
on Lake Superior, to whom this road is of vast
importance, and as you have dealt with other
States, you will refuse to refer this joint reso-
lution, but will put it on its passage.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does the gentleman
mean to say that the entire opposition to this
measure is from the Pennsylvania Centra! rail-
road '?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I mean
to say that there is a heavy lobby about this
Capitol in the interest of the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral railroad, or of parties connected with that
road who are now engaged in a railroad. As
I said before, I know the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Julian'] is opposed to all these
measures, and I have no doubt the gentleman
from Ohio is, and that many other members
here are, but the active opposition here is
inspired by men in the employ of the Pennsyl-
vania Central railroad. I have heard them
roaring in the lobby here to-day. This is all
the explanation that my time will allow me to
give.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to be a little more specific when he
talks about a lobby.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
gentleman wants an explanation I will state
again that the same parties interested in the
Pennsylvania Central are also interested in a
land-grant railroad from the Mississippi river
to Lake Superior, and that is why I connect the
Pennsylvania Central with the opposition to
this measure. And that there is a noisy, un-
scrupulous lobby working here in the interest
of somebody to defeat the renewal of this grant
caunot be denied, and as.the rival road is
the only interest that can be benefited by the
defeat of this measure, it is safe to say that
the lobby is engaged in that interest.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 know nothing about any
rival interest that may be here. I know noth-
ing of the hostility of the Pennsylvania Central
railroad or of any other road which may have
an interest iu opposing this measure. I base
my opposition solely upon tne effect of the
measure upon the rights of the settlers on these
lands and upon the land policy of the Govern-
ment. And on that subject I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a memorial—I have several of
them in my committee-room—from the actual
settlers along the line of that road. I ask that
that testimony be taken in support of what I
have said.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate andlfouxe of Heureienta-
fives of the United State* of America in Conyrem
w-xembied :
Your memorialists, citizens and inhabitants of
noithwestern Wisconsin, respectfully represent that
on the 3d day of June, 1856. a arrant of land was made
by Uungiess to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the
coflitruetion of <i line of railroad from the St. Croix
m-ei nv lake to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Ijaytieul; th.it bysaidact said railroad wag required
to be competed in ten years, or said land grant for-
feited , tti.It said grant was Transferred by the State
to tlx- .m Croix and Lake Superior Railroad Com-
pany Upon condition that said railroad should be
completed as required by said act of Congress, that
no part of said lmoof way Was completed within the
time limited, and upon the most positive pioiri'scs to
at oiicc commence the construction of ibe road Con-
gress was induced, on tho otll day of May, 18(ii, to
extend the time and continue the grant for five years;
that the promises to commence the construction of
the road and prosecute it in good faith have been
made from Time to time during the fourteen ye ir.-
and more; that thecouutry uoon the line of the ro id
lias been cursed and its prospeiity blighted by this
immense grant of tile public domain. During thesa
>ears instead of constructing the road the company
has been engaged in collecting stumpageoff the puie
lands, eleven twelfths of which (amounting to many
thousandsof dollars) has b-en embezzled undci eolor
of paying agents to collect it, as may be seen, refer-
ence bcinst had to the proce dingsOt our State Legis-
lature; that no part of said lailioad has been con-
s ructed.
During the present session of the State Legislature
the corporation has been galvanized, and under a
new name, and, perhaps, with other corporators
named, arc now asking a third extension of tin-*
grant, to the manifest injury of this section of the
State. The odd sections have been entirely with-
drawn from settlement and the even sections raised
to $2 50 per acre, without the least probability that
the railroad, which is the consideration for such en-
hanced price, will ever bo constructed. Almost fif-
teen years have elapsed and notliiug has been as yet
realized save the promises made from year to year
in order to procure extensions.
The counties of B.irnet, Dalles, Chippewa, Ash-
land, and other counties upon the lino of this road
have been, in eonscquence of this grant, excluded
almost entirely from the immigration flowing into
other portions of the State.
We regard the present application for an extension
of this grant as a mere repetition of former promises,
alike speculative and unsubstantial.
We most rcspectlullyand earnestly prolog auuinst
any legislation that will in any wise tend to pie\ ent
the development oi the agri-altural and lumbering
interests of this section of the State. That all these
lands may be open to homestead preemption and
settlement at the price of 61 25 per acre, and tlm if
aid is in any foim to be extended to this railroad
company it should only be given 111 a portion oi the
proceeds of these lands, the sale ot which it is e-^-en-
tial to the prosperity of this section should be made
by the United States uncontrolled by any corpora-
tion, and, as far as possible, secured to actual buna
fide settlers upon the agricultural lands, and so as to-
give a preference in the sale oi pine timber lands to
residents actually engaged in the lumber business.
Your petitioners will ever pray, &c.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Wh i-
signed that memorial?
Mr. JULIAN. Citizens of Wisconsin, who
address the Senate and House against this pro-
posed legislation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. By whom
is this memorial signed?
Mr. J ULIAN. By settlers on these lauds.
I cannot now give their names, because the
signatures are not now before me; but I can
show the gentleman their names, signed to sev-
eral memorials, identically the same as that
which the Clerk has read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know'
the settlers up there, and I am certain they
want this grant renewed. I have had bushels
of letters within the last month all urging the
same thing. And any opposition they have
made heretofore has been made because they
feared it might be hung up a long time so that
they would not get the road. This bill pro-
vides that unless this road is actually built
within eighteen months the land shall be imme-
diately thereafter put in market.
Mr. JULIAN. I am very much surprised
at the declaration ot the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn.] I am surprised at.
the courage of the gentleman in contradicting
the numerous memorials that have been seiit
to this House, signed by the people of his own
State, remonstrating against the renewal of
this grant. In the debate in the Senate the
other day one of the Senators from bis own
State admitted that these memorials had been
sent here during the last days of the session of
Congress just closed. I am sorry I have not
these memorials^ by me at this moment, for
they would sustain all I have said. It was not
denied in the Senate when this subject was
under discussion that the settlers along the line
of this road were opposed to the revival of this
grant, or at least have been opposed to its
revival till a very recent period ; and 1 do not
believe they favor it to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I deny „
it most emphatieallj'. It is in my ovvn district,
and I think I ought to know.
Mr. JULIAN. Well, it was not denied in
