1669.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
mi
the Senate; the only question was about the
number of settlers, whether greater or less. It
is in behalf of those settlers that I speak, and
not in behalf of the Pennsylvania Central Rail-
road Company or any oiher company. The
memorial I have had read here is a complete
vindication of my demand that this bill shall be
referred to the proper committee and carefully
considered. Tfie gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] talks about the roaring of the
lobby against the measure. I am afraid that
is the cry of "stop thief," for all the roaring
of the lobby on this question has been upon
the side of the gentleman from Wisconsin, and
he knows it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
Mr. J ULIAN. It lias not been upon the side
of those who desire that this bill shall be in-
vestigated before it is passed. And it does not
iie in the mouth of that gentleman to get up
here and talk about the roaring of the lobby,
■when the men representing the rights of our
cottiers on the public domain demand in their
behalf that this bill shall at least be looked
into before it shall become a law. The gen-
tteman says the settlers along the line of this
load desire the renewal of the grant. Sir, if
no memorials had been sent here signed by
those settlers the gentleman would be contra-
dieted by facts which canuot possibly be recon-
ciled wiih his assertion. This grant was made
in 185(5, under which nothing was done worth
.naming until 1864, when five jears further
time was asked and granted.
At the end of that time another company
now comes here and asks for an extension of
wvsii years more, during which time these lands
-will be tied up from settlement and tillage.
The gentleman knows that it is not morally
possible that, the settlers along the line of the
road desire this With the facts before t'.em
they would be madmen if they did, and I am
astonished that the gentleman should pay his
constituents so poor a compliment.
I will now j-ield a few minutes to the gentle-
man IVom Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say a few words
nbotr tile monopolists of Pennsylvania, who
have thrown some millions of capital into the
■State of U Uconsin, and why they do not want
n> Ije blackmailed. That is what 1 would like
to say after the gentleman from Massachusetts
shall have concluded what he desires to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
heard, sir, until the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] mentioned it, that the
Pennsylvania railroad came within many hun-
dred miles of the section of country to which
this Liiul grant relates, or had anything to
do with it. I am opposed to this measure,
because I have set myself against all grants
of subsidies to railroads hereafter, whether in
land or in money. This road is to be three
hundred and twenty miles long; and this land
grant is virtually for two million and eighty
thousand acres.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman is certainly mistaken in regard to that.
Mr. BU 1T.ER. of Massachusetts. I am
giving the length of the road and its branches.
Mr. WASH B(* UN, of Wisconsin. The road
and its branches will not, exceed in length two
hundred and thirty miles. 1 think it may be
even less than that. 1 estimated the main road
at about one hundred and Jifry miles and the
branch to lia\ field at perhaps filty or seventy-
five ni lies.
Mr. BU I'LER. of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman himself gave methefigures from which
1 made the calculation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin I gave
the gentleman no such figures.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I based
my calculation upon what, I supposed to be
excellent authority—the statement of the gen-
tleman himself, as I understood it, Butwhether
the length of the road he three hundred and
twenty miles or two hundred and thirty miles
i.s not material. If the length is only two
hundred and thirty miles, then the land grant
will embrace only fifteen kindred thousand
acres—equivalent to almost two million dol-
lars—to come out of the Government for the
benefit of this road.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Not a
dollar of it will come out of the Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
the gentleman will allow me to proceed with-
out interruption, or otherwise I shall directly
find myself refusing to yield, and then I shall
be accused of being discourteous.
As I was saying, the land thus granted is so
much coming out of the Government. When
you take Government land worth SI 25 per
acre and give it to a corporation or an indi-
vidual it is so niuc-h money coining out of the
Government. You may cover the matter up
as jou please, but it is so much money taken
from the Treasury of the United States. Now,
thirteen years ago this land was granted to
this company for the purpose of building a rail-
road. They have not built the road. This
land is peculiarly valuable because it is in the
southern portion of that belt of fine timber land
runningfrom Lake Superior to the Mississippi.
The timber in that region has been almost
entirely cut up to this line, so that this timber
land has become peculiarly valuable.
If thisgrantwere necessaryin orderto secure
the building of a railroad through that section
I might agree to it. But there is one fact that
has not been adverted to in this debate ; and
that is the chief reason why I have risen to take
part in it. There is partially built another road
of about the same length, starting at a point
on Lake Superior only fourteen miles from one
of the termini of this road, and running in
the same direction, about forty miles distant,
through this same belt of timber land, and
striking the Mississippi at a point about one
hundred miles by the river from the point
where this road strikes, or about sixty or
seventy miles in a straight line. As the land
grants extend ten miles on each side of each
road, and as the roads are about forty miles
apart, the lands granted to the two roads lie
about twenty miles distant from each other.
Now, as there is already one land-grant rail-
road in course of construction, I do not think
it well to take fifteen hundred thousand acres
more of the best timber land in the West and
give it to a company to build a rival road.
My friend from Wisconsin says that rivalry
is necessary in order to secure cheapness of
transportation. But let me tell the gentleman
that it. is a fact established by experience that
railroad competition always ends in railroad
combination. This is a fact that has grown to
be axiomatic. The public never get cheaper
traveling accommodations by having two roads
established with the idea that they are to be
rivals. On the contrary, the people are always
obliged to pay whatever may be necessary to
support the two roads. The companies always
look out to make the roads pay. Therefore 1
say that railroad competition always ends in
railroad combination: and I do not see what
necessity there is for this new road when we
have a road partially built and already running,
i do not know anything about that other road.
I do not know any of its directors or anybody
who knows anything about it, except as i find
the facts printed in the papers before us.
Therefore, when we have a road partially built
and running, which strikes the Mississippi river
only one hundred miles from where ttie route
of this road strikes it 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULIAN. I now yield th ree minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to say
that I am heartily sick and tired of heating
men who advocate jobs like this ci y out about
the lobby. The only lobbyists who have com-
municated with me on this subject are gentle-
men from Pennsylvania who have invested
large amounts of money m the gentleman's
own country, and in the Lake Superior region ;
who have put $0,000,u00 in the building oft! e
road to which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has referred, and who regard this land
grant as a means of levying blaek mmi upon
them. While the holders of this extinct land
grant have done nothing toward building the
road for which it was made during the four-
teen years the grant has been running, still
they have been actively stripping the timber
from the land itself. They obtained it in 1856
and had it renewed in 1864, and as 1 have said,
have done nothing but cut the timber off it.
While they have done nothing, these carpet-
baggers, these scalawags—no, the gentleman
did not call them by those names; he only
called them monopolists—while the holders
of this grant have done nothing toward the
building of their road, these monopolists from
Pennsylvania, as the gentleman calis thein,
have pet SO,000,000 in the construction of this
other road. They have gone on and invested
their own money in the building of a road,
while those holding this land grant have done
nothing but strip the timber off the land.
It is a pretty thing, indeed, for the gentleman
to cry out monopoly against those who have
invested their money in his State. His State
is not so rich in capital or so populous, I pre-
sume, as to wish to drive out all capital from
other quarters. I have merely risen to join
with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Juliak]
in the remark which he has made, that this is
merely a cry of "stop thief," and that the
lobby who assail him and us are in favor of
this bill and opposed to that road about which
my constituents have written to me.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULIAN. I now rise to demand the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield to the gentleman
for that time.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Wisconsin. My friend
from Massachusetts is altogether mistaken ;
but his remarks have disclosed the true secret
of the opposition. There is a rival road. If
we get this grant there will be then two roads
from Mississippi to the lakes. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says they will be within
forty miles from each other. I say there is a
demand for both of these roads, and there is
woik enough for both of them to-day. How
many roads are there from Chicago to the
Mississippi which do not average foity miles
apart?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How have
they'cheapened the transportation of freight?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The rea-
son the cost of transportation has not been
decreased is because there is more work than
the roads can do. If we want to cheapen
transportation we want more lines of travel.
We want this road to open up and develop that
region of country which will not be developed
by a railroad through Minnesota.
Mr. JULIAN. Why has not this road been
built in the last thirteen years'?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I told
you the reason was that unfortunately the grant
had passed beyond the control of the State. I
know that it has been a misfortune for the State
of Wisconsin, but as you have not refused to
make like extensions to other States it will be
unjust to refuse this extension to us now. You
will all agree with tne that if satisfactory guar-
antees can be given that this new line of road
will be opened up no man ought to refuse to
vote in favor of this proposition.
I wish to say to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that the United States gives nothing,
because the alternate sections reserved to the
Government will sell for as much as it could
now give for the whole land. A great many
thousand acres have been purchased and paid
for at $2 50 an acre in the expectation that
this road will be built.
In reference to what has been said of mo-
nopolists I will not enter further on that sub-
ject now. I have said all I need to say, and I
believe the House understands the question.
1 trust it will vote down the amendment of the
