1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
■MX
diately afterthe readingof the Journal, and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will be
entitled !o the floor.
Mr. DAWES. F am aware of that.
Tl.eSPEAKER. When thegentleinan from
Ohio [ Mr. Garfield] shall haveconcluded his
remarks the Chair will recognize the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] to move
to go into Committee ot' the Whole on the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. BU i'LER, of Massachusetts. I hope
my colleague [Mr. Dawes] will allow me to
bring the Georgia bill before the House to-
morrow.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the order of busi-
ness to-morrow will be under the control of
the majority of the House. I shall feel it ray
duty to press the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill as
soon as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] shall have concluded his remarks. If
the majority of the House shall see fit to pro-
ceed to the consideration of some other busi-
ness of course I cannot prevent it. I now
move that those amendments be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and made the special
order for to-morrow immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal, and that the report of the
committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
owen tiioiin and otiiebs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the PrPbident of the United States:
T'j th  Home of Representative# :
In compliance with a resolution of tbe House of
Reproentalives ot the 30th of January last, calling
for tbo papers relative to tbe claim of Owen Thorn
and otheis against the British Governinetit, I trans-
mit a report from the Secretary of State, together
with copies of tbe papers referred to in said resolu-
tion.
U. S. GRANT.
"Washington, March 31,1869.
The message and accompanying papers were
referred to thfi Committee of Claims, and
orderfd to be printed.
ui^rkcctron of ameiucan vessels, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the Presideat of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolutiou of the House of Rep-
reseataii ves of rue 2d' b of January last, requesting
intbruruioti concerning: the destruction during the
late w;ir bv r-ibel vessels of certain merchant vessels
of the U.nted Stares, and concerning the damages
and claims reMiltmg thereirom. X transmit a report
fi<>m ih« Secretary < f Srate and the tabular state-
ment. wuie.i accompanied it.
U. S. GRAXT.
"WASHINGTON", April 3, 1869.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
clerks in indian bureau.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, inclosing a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation to
an appropriation for the payment of certain
clerks in the Indian Bureau; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oh Appropriations.
paphrs ■\vitudkawn\
Mr. STOKES asked and obtained leave t<f-
withdraw from thelites of the House the papers
in the case of William Crutchfield, of Ten-
nessee.
Mr. PONLEY asked and obtained leave to
wit lid raw from the tiles of the House the memo-
rial and papers in the case of Cynthia Ellen
Keenau.
okdkr of business.
Mr. BROOKS. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Theregular order ofbnsi-
ness i< the census bill, upon which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Gabfield] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me to introduce a bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. The regular order is
called for, and I cannot yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor to make that motion.
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask a parliamentary
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
question of the gentleman.
Mr. BDRR. Is not a resolution to investi-
gate charges of fraud in the election of mem-
bers of this House a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. Notsufficiently privileged
to take a member from the floor on a subject
under consideration by the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. If gentlemen insist I will
go on, though there is but five minutes before
tbe time fixed for the recess.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
has but five minutes left before the recess, he
will be allowed to yield to gentlemen who
desire to bring business before the House.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield first to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
committee on' election' fracd3.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resoluiion :
Renolved. That a select committee of seven shall
be appointed, to be known as the Committee on
Electinn Fraud?, with nil the powers conferred on a
committee in the Ko tieth Cougress known as the
Committee on New York Election Frauds.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I object to that reso-
lution.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. On that motios I call for
the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, would it be
in order now to move that the House adjourn?
The SPEAKER. If the House should ad-
journ now there would be no recess, and con-
sequently no session this evening. Of course
the motion to adjourn is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let the gentleman move
that the Hous-e take its recess now.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] with-
draw his resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Very well: I withdraw my
resolution for tbe present.
constitution of virginia.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. futnsworth ]
Mr. FARNb WORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
74) authorizing the submission ot'the constitu-
tion of Virginia to a vote of the people, and
authorizing the election of State officers pro-
vided by the said constitution and for mem-
bers of Congress ; which was read a first and
secoud time, referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
establishment 01? post roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTn, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee 011 tbe Post
Office and Post Roads a bill (U. R. No. 408}
to establish post roads ; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire that this
bill shall be put. on its passage now.
The SPEAKER. Bills of this kind, con-
taining merely a description of post routes, are
generally passed without being read in lull. Is
there any objection to dispensing with the
reading of this bill?
Several members objected.
Mr. FARNSWOR111. This bill contains
no legislation. It simply provides for various
post roads. Almost, every gentleman on the
lloor is interested in it. 1 move that the rules
be suspended, to dispense with the reading of
the bill in full.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to ; and the reading of the bill in lull was dis-
pensed with.
The bill wag ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contests south carolina,
Mr. GARFIELD, I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [.Mr. Bcr.a ]
Mr. BURii,by unanimous consent,submitted
the following resolution ; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections:
Revolved, That a committee of three members be
appointed by the Chair, with authority to meet at
any time during the coming vacation in Washington
city, or in either or both the third and fourth con-
gressional districts of South Carolina, and investigate
all charges of intimidation and armed interiereuce
with elections in said two districts, and especially to
ascertain and report to theHouse all facts connected
with the election of members of Congress in the dis-
tricts aforesaid; whether the same were conducted
peacefully and under the forms of law, orwhetb er any
armed or forcible interference was made, attempted,
or threatened in said districts, or either of them; and
if so, by whom and for what purpose, and to report
the same to the House at its next session; and to
this end said committee shall havepower to send for
persons und papers, and shall have all their reason-
able and necessary expenses paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the House.
tkeaties with indian tribes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the rules be
suspended, to authorize me to offer in Com-
mittee of the Whole the following sections as
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill:
Sec. —. And be i* further enicted. That from and
after the passage of this act the Indian tribes in the
States and Territories ol the United States sh ill be
held to be inc ip.ibie of making treaties with the
United States, and no such treaty shall hereafter be
made.
Sec. —. AMbe it further enacted. That no conven-
tion, agreement, or contract between the United
States and anv Indian tribe made, entered into, or
ratified after the passage and approval of this act,
authorizing or providing for the payment of money
from the Treasury of the United S>ates, or the s tie or
other disposition ot the public lands or Indian reser-
vations, in whole or in part, whether held in sever-
alty or m common, shali h tve force and effect eirher
in law or equity, **r be enforced by any officer of tile
United States, or of any State or Territory, uuless
the enforcement thereof shall be authorize by aa
act of Congress passed and approved subsequent to
its date.
Several members called for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The hoar of half past four
o'clock having arrived, the House, agreeably
to order, takes a reeess till halt past seven
o'clock, to meet,asm Committee of the Whole,
for general debate.
EYEXIXG SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., as in Committee of the Whole,
(Mr. Blair in the chair,) for the purpose of
geaeral debate only.
civil service.
Mr. JEXCKES. Mr. Speaker, at,the open-
ing of a new Congress", 011 the threshold of a
new Administration, 1 propose to present for a
third time a bill for a reform in the civil ser-
vice of this Government. It has been relieved
from the departmental machinery which was
believed to be necessary for its efficiency when
it was reported for a second time in the evil
days of the last Administration, and is reduced
to the simplicity of the original proposition.
It is presented as a practical measure to enable
the Administration to getits business done most
effectually and economically, it simply pro-
vides means for obtaining for the service ot the
,, Government in its subordinate offices the best
;! quality of servants to be obtained for the price
paid for their services. That, such a result
;i is desirable has never been questioned ; that
i! an approximation to it can be obtained is
1! generally believed; that an improvement in
| the present condition of the service is ptacn-
:i cable, uo onedoubts. Any scheme whieu hokis
il out a reasonable prospect of improvement
