518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
ought to receive favorable consideration even
by those who believed complete success unat-
tainable. No one who has hitherto spoken
upon this subject in this House has denied or
questioned the existence of great demoraliza-
tion in the civil service. Every one expresses a
desire for reform, and a willingness to cooper-
ate with any measure that offers plausible
evidence of improvement. But no one has
proposed any such general measure, or even
indicated its outlines, or the possible theory
upon which it should be framed. In the ab-
sence of any such measure to furnish a remedy
for an admitted evil, I still venture to press
mine ; but I stand ready at all times to yield
and to give my support to a better ; and if the
result that all desire shall be attained in any
way, my satisfaction will be as great as if the
scheme now proposed should be adopted.
This measure, it should be remembered,
deals only with the inferior officers, whose ap-
pointment is made by the President alone or
by the heads of Departments. It does not
touch places which are to be tilled with the
advice and consent of the Senate. It would
not in the least interfere with the scramble
for office which is now going on at the other
end of the avenue, or which tills with anxious
crowds the corridors of the other wing of the
Capitol. It relates only to the appointments
which may be made in secret, which seldom
meet the eye of the reader of newspapers, but
which are a hundredfold more numerous than
those which await the confirmation of the Sen-
ate, and without which the Government could
not be carried on. When I speak of candi-
dates and officers it will be understood that I
refer only to this subordinate class ; those
which long custom has held to be the sport of
the political whirlwind cannot seek shelter
under this measure.
There is a general confidence that the head
of the Government will use all his power under
the Constitution to improve the service, collect
the revenue, prevent thieving, and puuis); the
thieves. But for this purpose he must have
aid which existing laws do not afford, and that
is precisely what this measure proposes to give
to him. It furnishes him with means, notnow
given by the laws, of testing the fitness of every
candidate for the place to which he seeks ap-
pointment, and also of testing the unfitness of
any one who now is or who hereafter may be
in the service. The end being desirable, as
all agree, the present question is solely con-
cerning the means of accomplishing it.
For this purpose this bid gives the President
power to call to his aid a sufficient number
of competent persons to perform the work
of selection well and promptly. In the first
place he may appoint four commissioners
who are specially charged with the full per-
formance of this duty, and the execution of
all necessary and incidental powers. They
may call to their aid such persons of learning
and high character as they may select, and
such officers of the civil force, or of the mil-
itary or naval, as the heads of Departments
may designate. The exigencies of the service
and of the times no longer require the estab-
lishment of a separate department with the
Vice President at its head for the proper and
independent discharge of these duties. These
commissioners, with their assistants, will con-
stitute a civil staff, through whom the Pres-
ident and the heads of Departments can obtain
the knowledge concerning their subordinates
which it is impossible for them to obtain per-
sonally. This is their duty, their function ;
nothing less, nothing more. The power of
appointment, remains as before; the respons-
ibilities of office are unaltered. It is objected
that if the board has the power of deciding
upon qualifications and of rejecting for in-
competency it practically has the power of
appointment. Tins notion results from the
confusion of thought which mistakes the duty
of rejection for the powur of selection. The
duty of the board is performed when they de-
clare the candidate qualified. They perform
the sifting process by which the incompetent
are kept back. They may certify ten persons
as fit for a certain grade of office, yet but five
get appointments. The Departments take for
novitiates those certified to be the best, but
these do not receive commissions till their
merits are tested by probation.
The preliminary examination determines only
the best apparent qualifications; itis the proba-
tion which secures or loses the appointment.
Elementary learning, such as reading, writ-
ing, spelling, geography, and arithmetic, are to
some extent necessary qualifications for all
officers. By competitive examinations you as-
certain who are the mostfaeile in these acquire-
ments;those who make tbebestshowareplaced
upon probation until their other qualities are
tested, and if they fail in this trial they must
stand by and give place for others of equal
prestige. By the competitive examinations we
ascertain what education the candidates have
received; by the probations, their character and
fitness are developed, or their unfitness dis-
closed, and no one receives a commission till he
is found worthy of it. Under the present system
the commission is given first, and the qualifi-
cations of education, character, and personal
fitness are ascertained afterward. Although
unfitness becomes apparent, yet all the influence
which procured the appointment is brought to
bear against the removal. It is easier to shut
the doors against incompetency than to eject
it after it has once gained admission into the
service. The proposed commissioners are the
doorkeepers of the entrances to public employ-
ment, to inspect the evidence of each candi-
date to the right of admission. Government
employment s/hould not be a school for the
uneducated, or a refuge for the incapable, or
an asylum or charity hospital for the indigent
and unfortunate, as it is now too often held to
be, but a service for the capable and indus-
trious, to whom it opens an honorable career.
OF THE COMMISSION.
The success of the proposed reform of course
depends upon the character and qualifications
of the men who may receive the appointment
of commissioners. Although it is admitted
that there are men qualified for these high
duties, yet it is intimated that such men will
not find these places, and that the places will
not seek such men. The most insidious, the
most persistent, the most specious, and the most
hopeful attack upon the system are made at
this point. Who shall examine the examiners?
asks the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward.] What reform can be expected,
again he asks, from a board of politicians? It
is insinuated that they wi 1 be mere partis-ans,
corrupted by political ambition, and be swayed
by all the influences which that passion yields
to. Nor are there wanting suggestions of
venality and grosser corruption. Ihe expres-
sion of the belief that a sufficient degree of
virtue is attainable for such places is met with
a continuous derisive sneer.
And I confess that all the venality, the frauds,
the corruptions, the nepotism, the incompe-
tency, the reckless disregard of the public in-
terests which I have met with in the civil ser-
vice have not impressed me so much with the
necessity of this proposed reform as these
insinuations that the reform itself would be im-
practicable from the supposed entire absence
of public virtue, both in the appointing power
and in the persons likely to receive these ap-
pointments. It is the expression of a wide-
spread belief that profligacy is the rule and
j not the exception in our political system ; that
ji the stream is poisoned at its fountain ; that the
jj Go vernment is given over to its corruptions
i! and exists by them, and not in spite of them.
|! It shows that those who represent the political
I, element, and seek to manage the Government
for their own ends, affect to believe that integ-
rity, honesty, honor, and patriotism have died
out from among us, as they affected to believe
eight years ago that the race of brave men had
become extinct among the masses of the
American people.
But as I believed in their courage and patri-
otism then, so I believe in their integrity ami
sense of honor now ; and that I know and that
the President, knows many men who would se-
lect our civil officers with as much conscien-
tiousness and cure as our military servants have-
been selected—men who would no sooner per-
mit an incapable, a drunkard, a knavej or s
thief to pass by their scrutiny into a place-
where the public money was to be handled
than our generals would have placed a cowardr
a traitor, or a renegade upon duty at an im-
portant outpost or to lead a charge in an un-
certain battle. There are heroes in civil aa
weli as in military life, but their deeds seldonr
swell the poet's song or find mention upon the-
historian's page. Yet it is to such civil heroes
that nations chiefly owe their prosperity and
happiness. I have faith, too, that commis-
sioners who perform their duty justly will gain
the confidence of the great majority of the peo-
ple, and that the moral weight of that support
will enable them to resist all influence which
would seek to swerve them from an honorable
course.
WHY SUCCESS MAY BE HOPED FOB.
The great element of'saceess in the proposf (J
system is the encouragement and develop-
ment in the civil service of the sentiment of
honor; that high tone which spurns bribes and
the seductions of profligate ambition; that
patriotism which dominates all selfish interests,,
and that resolute energy of purpose which
sacrifices everything to the performance of
duty. When 1 have seen our young men by
tens of thousands at_ the call of duty, urged
by patriotism, leave all the allurements of home-
and the chances of success in peaceful life to
bear the privations of the camp and the march :
to brave "'the leaden rain and iron bail" of
battle, and the lingering torture and slow death
of the prison, to save their country from dis-
memberment, I feel that I know that from these
same men there may be found a sufficient
number who will hunt out and exterminate the
enemies within the lines, and face the corrup-
tions of office as unflinchingly as they faced
death in war. I do not believe that where honor
and duty work together with fair reward in
either branch of the public service that the
dollar is almighty to corrupt, or that the chances
of politics can wholly deaden the conscience.
It is in this faith that I advocate this measure
and if it is rot sound, then ss government hon-
estly administered is not practicable among
men.
THE MODE OF SIX HOT f ON CONSISTENT WITH THE ORI-
GINAL PR VCTICK AND THEORY OT THE GOVERNMENT.
There are some who pretend to think, and
perhaps believe that they do think, that the
proposed system is an innovation upon our
republican theory. It is, on the contrary, a
necessity arising from the growth of the Re-
public, a demand of its intense and immense
vitality. The republican idea is not that all
are equally fit to hold office, but, that all should
have a fair chance to obtain office through fit-
ness for it. '"Equality is equal start for all."
While the Republic was small, and contained
few more inhabitants than the present popula-
tion of the State of New York, it was possible
for the President and heads of Departments to
gain sufficient personal knowledge of all per-
sons from whom they would select their subor-
dinates. It was no more difficult than for a
general of division to recommend the promo-
tion of a meritorious subordinate to fill a va-
cancy. Competitive examinations and pro-
bations would be of lit tie use when this persona!
knowledge existed, and the choice was exer-
cised conscientiously. But the multitudes by
whom this Government must be carried on,
and the greater multitudes from which they
must be selected, have outgrown all persona!
knowledge and supervision. Some test must
be applied to all candidates: some judgment
must be had upon their qualifications.
This measure proposes to have the judgment
of an independent board of qualified persons,
and that access to this board shall be denied
to none. Whose judgment will that, of such
a tribunal supersede? Not that of the I'resi-
