THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
exercise thereby of a share in the executive
power.
LEGISLATIVE AND EXECUTIVE DUTIES SHOULD NOT BE
INTERMINGLED.
Upon this subject 1 speak only for myself.
I do not know that the opinions of any other
member vvii'i in this respect coincide with mine.
I do not inteud that my words shall express a
criticism upon either the language, the opin-
ions, or the conduct of any other member.
Tlie constituency which I have the honor to
represent, not inferior to any other constitu-
ency in any respect, elects one of the Repre-
sentatives of the people in the Congress of the
United States, it is his duty to scan closely
the measures proposed by the executive de-
partment, to vote for furnishing means for
carrying on the Government according to the
views of the Administration when convinced
that these demands are warranted by law and
are in other respects reasonable and proper,
and for denying them when not needed or
when the means might be used for improper
purposes. In the district and among the peo-
ple I represent the Government of the United
States is felt through its officers of customs and
internal revenue; indeed, few districts ac-
knowledge the tax-gatherer's presence by larger
contributions: and is welcomed by itspostal con-
veniences, the presence of its judges, and its
occasional and somewhat fitful aid to com-
merce and manufactures. It shares with all
ot her disti ids an equal right in making laws
for the whole country, and sends a Represent-
ative here tor that purpose. But it is no more
•a part of that Representative's duty to seek
and dispose of exeeuave offices than to solicit
pardons for traitors or condemned criminals.
It is a part of his duty to prevent the appoint-
ment of incompetent persons by-general law
if he can, if not by personal remonstrance.
Cut if, as a matter of personal or political
favor, he goes to the State Department to beg
a consulate, or perhaps something higher, for
a friend, or to the Treasury for an office within
its gift, he is made to feel, if his natural in-
stincts are not sensitive euoughtobe impressed
before going there, that he surrenders his in-
dependence as a legislator when he accepts the
gilt, and that the person and the power which
grants his request will not be slow to claim his
assistance in the Capitol when it is needed.
1 know there are ingenious ways for covering
op this barter. Tlie Secretary may say that
he defers to the superior means of knowledge
and to the judgment of the member in select-
ing his appointee, and may claim the member's
vote upon an exceptional measure upon the
ground of allegiance to party. But, neverthe-
less, the bargain ia made. Perhaps I could
select as good executive and administrative
officers in my district as any board of exam-
iners could choose for the Government, but
when I am tempted to enter upon this busi-
ness I am cheeked by the reflection that I
should be a mere volunteer. The people have
not charged me with it: the Constitution does
not require it of a legislator; the Executive
has not yielded it; and its exercise would
seriously interfere with the performance of my
proper duties.
'1 he Constitution con tains a clause in restraint
of bribery; the laws enacted to carry thatclause
into effect are full of penalties upon the use of
money and the receipt of it by and among
legislators. I do not see the difference be-
tween the bestowal of the gift of the nomina-
tion to an office upon a member, to be passed
over to his friend, a political creditor, and the
largess of a measure of coin for the same pur-
poses. It may be a peculiarity of my own men-
tal vision, but I cannot think that lam doing
my country service by becoming the almoner
of iny party in the distribution of administra-
tive offices when at the same time I am as-
suming obligations to the executive power
which are inconsistent with my position as an
independent legislator. It is my duty to aid
the Government in procuring the best service
that itssalariea will bring, in every district and
la all localities witers the flag floats; and that
result I am endeavoring to secure by general
law with such persistence and ability as have
been allotted me. But no provision in the Con-
stitution, no law, no healthy custom, authorizes
the blending of the legislative and executive
duties in this illicit manner. I do not belong
to the executive department, nor has that'de-
partment any claim upon me as a Representa-
tive to relieve it from the proper and respons-
ible exercise of its duties, or to stifle my criti-
cism or choke my opposition to their improper
exercise, byinviting or permitting me to share
its power. If I perform the duties with which
I am charged under the Constitution, I must
stand aloof from the other departments of the
Government, and exercise the utmost vigilance
whichl possess,a;nd which my constituents ex-
pect of me, to see that the officers of the other
departments perform the duties which the Con-
stitution and toe laws require of them; and if
the laws are weak and insufficient, to urge a
remedy by new and wise legislation, which,
with regard to one defect, I believe I am now
doing.
THE PRACTICE AND ITS RESULTS IN* THE FIRST FORTY
YEARS OF THE GOVERNMENT.
We all know how in the early days of the
Republic appointments to civil office were the
subjects of personal care and supervision by
the President and heads of Departments. The
correspondence as to the character, fitness,
integrity, and patriotism of candidates was
thorough and exhaustive. When the testimony
concerningqualifications was balanced or doubt-
ful a personal acquaintance wasnotunfrequently
sought, and its results determined the choice.
The exercise of this intelligent care pro-
duced its legitimate results. For the first forty
years of the existence of this Government un-
der the Constitution no people ever had a more
faithful and efficient body of public servants.
Frauds, peculations, and defalcations in the
civil service were almost unknown, and so
heinous was the offense deemed that the few
perpetrators in almost every instance fled the
country. Personal supervision by responsible
and capable chiefs was possible in those days
when the numbers of the force were few. The
service was honorable; its members were re-
spected ; removals for cause were few ; politi-
cal opinions were not deemed a cause; and
though every commission limited the term of
office to the pleasure of the President it was
practically for life. Under that system the reve-
nues were faithfully collected, the public money
honestly kept and disbursed; our prosperity
increased ; the direct and indirect taxes, save
the customs, were removed ; the Government,
although generallycalled an experiment, gained
the confidence of the people and of the world ;
Us credit was strengthened and remained unim-
paired ; its revenues were increased ; its debts
incurred in its two great struggles for existence
extinguished.
THE CHANGE AND THE TIME OF IT UNFORTUSArE.
It was especially unfortunate thatthe change
which made the civil offices of the Govern
ment the spoils of party, and the Government
itself a political machine operated for the
benefit of a party, took place at the time when
the receipts from customs exceeded all lawful
expenditures, and were canceling the debt.
While the Treasury from this source was being
filled to overflowing, the people did not feel
the burdens of taxation, and did not scrutinize
closely the details of administration. They
grew heedless of the extent and unmindful
of the consequences of the viciousness and of
the corruptions that were eating into the life
of the Republic. If it were not that every one
is now made to feel the pressure of the great
national debt, the price of the nation's life as
the former debts were of liberty, there would
be little hope of rousing the nation to over-
throw the vicious political system which from
forty years sufferance has almost become au
accredited custom.
THE ANTICIPATED RELIEF.
This nation, yet in its youth, has had to
struggle for its life with two enormous evils.
One, the curse of slavery, had coiled itself like
aserpent around theyoungRepublic, and when
its black folds had encircled every limb of ibe
Government it sought to crush out tin; spirit
of liberty, the soul of the Republic. 1 lie
effortof thenation to free itself from the crush-
ing grasp of this reptile enemy was the great-
est civil war of all times. While every energy
was thrown into this struggle, another equally
insidious and dangerous enemy, born of tlie
strife itself, enveloped and almost paralyzed
the force which finally laid tlie first foe dead
at its feet. This second serpent is the debt
which now oppresses the nation, and within
whose folds these thousand corruptions v, hivh
we complain of are bred and have their exist-
ence. It is true, as argued by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [iir. Woodward.] that if
we did not have this debt, and the necessity
attending it, of raising and disbursing immense
sums of rnoney, we should not have these
corruptions in their present magnitude. The
proposed reform is one of the methods of
strangling this monster also. When the ener-
gies and intelligence of the people are bent
upon this enterprise there can be no doubt as
to the result. This young nation will deal with
its debt as with slavery, and both, like the
serpents sent to strangle the infant Hercules,
will themselves be destroyed in its vigorous and
conquering grasp. It will hardly have com-
menced its career fill these two enemies shall
have been annihilated.
It has been demonstrated over and over
again that our tax and tariff laws call for
$400,000,000 of revenue annually, and that
but §300,000,000 reach the Treasury. That
this missing $100,000,000 is lost by the incom-
petency and rascality in some branches of
the civil service has also been fully proved.
Greater care in the selection of our servants
will secure men who will see that this $100,-
000,000 will be restored to the Treasury, and
enable the Government to purchase its indebt-
edness before it comes due. If we find the
right men for the service they wi'i find that
lost dollar out of^every four, that quarter out
of every dollar, which eludes the grasp of our
present revenue officials. Our problem is to
find men honest etiough, intelligent enough,
faithful enough to seize that missing dollar
which in the year swells to the enormous aggre-
gate of $100,000,000, and toss it into the
Treasury instead of letting it slide into the
pockets of corrupt officials and their con-
federates.
WHAT IS GAINED BY COMPETITIVE EXAMINATIONS.
But; says the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, £Mr. Woodward,3 this cannot be accom-
plished by competitive examinations, and he
argues as if the whole scope of tne bill was
limited to these. He holds them up to ridicule
as being the contests of boys just from school,
determining nothing but a superior flippancy
and superficial excellence. He dops not deem
such au academic contrivance worthy of being
admitted into the serious business of life. He
entirely omits the consideration and value
of the probations. He forgets that in some
branches of this very business of public em-
ployment a competition is constantly going
on in which the employers are the examiners.
We see it here iu our Hall every hour. The
stenographers who take down and report every
word uttered upon this floor have achieved
their positions by admitted excellence in the
most vigorous of competitive examinations
and trials. The gentlemen in the gallery over
the Speaker receive their credentials and cards
of admittance after a more severe scrutiny into
their qualifications than any candidates for the
Government service will ever be required to
submit to. Every live business that is going
on around us is organized on this principle,
which is absent from the Government service
alone.
This examination into qualifications and
character will render ineligible for the admin-
istrative branches of the public service all tha
idle, the lazy, the drunken, the dissolute, the
