1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
incompetent, the vicious, the thievish. It will
exclude the shoulder-hitter, the garroter, the re-
peater, the pipe-laver, the ballot-box smasher,
the iklac oath taker, the ward-room bully, the
primary meeting manager, the ballot changer,
the smuggler, the rioter, the peculator, the
gambler. tlie thief. But in this representative
Republic the avenues to elective" offices will
continue to be open to all these. They may
becomealdermen, mayo'-s, Governors of States,
congressmen, and in some States even judges,
by the popular choice. This reform is limited
tu an humbler sphere, though one which vitally
affects the public interests. 11 simply provides
that skill and vigor in striking straight out
from the shoulder when brought to bear in
behalf of either party in a strife to capture a
ballot-box or to smash it, shall not be consid-
ered evidence of the champion's qualifications
for an office in the appraiser's department of
a custom-house or a clerkship in the State De-
partment ; and that alacrity and facility in doing
the dirty work of a party shall not entitle the
person adorned by these qualities to a place
where he shall handle the public moneys. I
have no fear that the persons who seek these
lesser places will be too learned or too com-
petent. Young men who seek the great prizes
of life will not imprison their energies or capa-
cities in this limited sphere. We shall not coax
distinguished scholars, adorned with university
honors, into post office clerkships, or make
the in custom-house weighers or whisky gang-
ers. We ."hall not require Hebrew and Greek
in the Indian Bureau, or the higher mathe-
matics in the State Department. But we shall
require, and shall succeed iu obtaining, fitness
for our work.
FIDELITY IS THE xrKOB OFFICES WILL SECURE INTEG-
BITY IS THE HIGHER.
But it is objected that as this measure deals
only with the inferior offices it will not check
the thieving which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] alleges is chiefly per-
formed by those of "higher grade. lie insin-
uates, although he has not directly asserted,
that the deficiencies in the revenue are owing
more to the vices of collectors and assessors
than to the clerks and subordinates. But if
their clerks and subordinates are honest, faith-
ful. and diligent bow can their superiors be
dishonest without detection? No one knows
better than the gentleman from Massachusetts
that the money is not stolen after it comes into
the hands of these great officers or into the
coffers of the State. These magnates do not
boldly commit grand larceny with compara-
tive impunity, for they are surrounded by too
many checks to make this kind of appropria-
tion safe. it would be as great folly for them
to make such an attempt as it would be for a
covetous commander of a department in war
time to pat his hand into the m'litary chest and
convey the contents to his own pocket. Such
greatembezzlementscannot be effected without
a back door to his headquarters and con-
venient and pliable aids, quartermasters, com-
missaries. sutlers, and storekeepers—his crea-
tures. ready and willing to join in the public
plunder. If the dishonest collector cannot
have his choice of instruments ; if, on the other
hand, all his subordinates are selected fer their
honesty and capacity by men over whom he
can have no influence or control, then they are
guards over him as well as over the smugglers
he would favor, and peculation becomes im-
possible except by actual crime. Each is a
watch over the other, and if one becomes a
;hief, detection will be quick and punishment
leriain. 1 do not deny that large sums have
r>een diverted from the Treasury by the con-
nivance of the higher officers, but it has been
done with comparative impunity only when they
have had the designation of their subordinates,
who have beijn in fact their accomplices.
iro IT SQBT OV AX ARISTOCRACY IT CltfcAIKS.
Of all ihf objections to the proposed reform
the most singular is that which denounces it as
creating an aristocracy which may tend lo
change the character of our republican institu-
tions. An aristocracy is generally understood
to be a governing class, which through the
chances of fortunate birth, great wealth, fam-
ily connections, social influence, and special
education are enabled to exercise a control-
ling power in the Government. We associate
the terra with great estates, liberal expendi
tures, fine equipages, lordly manners, brilliant
assemblies, armorial bearings, and all the
insignia, of hereditary nobility. But alas for
the comparison! Within the scope of this
bill there are not a hundred officers whose
salaries are over 53,000 a year, and the aver-
age is less than $>1,290. These are filled
with hard-worked drudges, whose hours of toil
are from six to ten each day. An aristocracy
of deputy collectors, clerks, inspectors, uiail-
agents, Indian agents, letter-carriers, light-
house keepers, and tide waiters ! It is true
that the bill provides means for obtaining the
best persons for these places ; but he who can
see an aristocracy in this host of subalterns—
in the offensive or dangerous meaning of that
term—must be in that calenture of the brain
which can discern green fields in the waves of
the sea or observe men as trees walking. It is
a mirage of ai over-heated intellect.
If such an aristocracy were created by this
measure we should see the flower and cream
if it here in Washington. Its lords would be
the poor clerks who perform dusty drudgery
in the Departments, and beg and beseech us
for an additional twenty or ten per cent, of
pay in order that they may meet their board
and grocery bills ; and the queens of that
dangerous society would be the poor women
who clip and count the paper currency in the
Treasury, or copy records in the Patent Office.
These " bloated aristocrats" on §1,800a year,
and these '• flaunting ladies" on 3900, may
disturb the dreams of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logax,] but the constitution can
withstand their insidious plottings. Although
we deal only with subalterns, there is not
enough in this aristocratical notion to bring
out of it a new farce of "High life below
stairs." It runs itself into the ground with-
out comicality.
It is true that they form a class by them-
selves, excluded from the actual business of
the world, and seeming to be connected with
the business of the State, earning a miser-
able pittance by reluctant labor, their energies
paralyzed and their hopes extinguished by
the uncertain tenure of their employment;
but that thpy should ever become one of the
dangerous classes is a new if not a patentable
discovery. Among them are some noble, faith-
ful, earnest, hard-working men and women,
worthy of respect and deceiving of honor.
Would that they were all such, and that here-
after they may be. is one of the objects of this
measure. I have not met with one of this
better class who has not said to me, make
your tests by examination and probation as
rigid as you please ; we will gladly submit to
them if, after having passed them honorably,
our offices shall thenceforth become permanent
and respectable. They know and feel and the
whole people are beginning to perceive that
the aristocratic element in our system is the
patronage which bestows its gifts upon favor-
ites, which removes faithful public servants j
from caprice, and which places the worthy
beneath the worthless. i
That merit shall have the places it deserves
is the true republican doctrine, and the meas-
ure which is devised to bring forward and
advance merit and merit alone in the public
service, is the keen edge of the ax to the root
of these alien, corrupt aristocratical practices.
Its benefits will be at once felt in the better
spirit and higher tone which will be developed
iu each officer. Hitherto the position of all
these subordinate officers has not been merely
a service, but a servitude. The mode of
obtaining office and the servility necessary to
retain it, have brought into action the worst
qualities of those thus serving. But when the
officer obtains his place by his qualifications
for it, holds it during efficiency, and can be
advanced by merit, he becomes independent
of the courtiers or politician's arts, and his best
qualities are developed instead -of his worst.'
Not tile least beneficial effect of this measure
in thisera of emancipations, will be the abolish-
ment of the servitude of office, which has been
a blight upon the service and a curse to tlie
Eepublic.
1 admit that if the measure should be strictly
enforced the Government servants would be-
come a class with distinctive qualities. In that
class would be found only the qualified, the
honest, the faithful, the capable, the energetic,
the patriotic, the competent, while the oppo-
sites of all these would be turned back at
the doors of the examination halls. It brings
into the public service only the skilled laborer
whose education has been in a great measure
completed before he receives his pay from the
people's money; while under the present sys-
tem the people pay the greater portion of those
who are thrust into their service while their
education is going on and which in many cases
never is and never can be completed. The pro-
posed law elevates the meritorious and rejects
the unworthy. If this be "class legislation,"
make the most of it.
The most disingenuous of the attacks upon
this measure is that it creates a life tenure of
office in these subordinates. The present bill
is so drawn as to remove any possible pretext
for that charge. It merely holds on to the
faithful officer as long as he performs his duties
efficiently ; when he falls below the standard
| it puts him ont. Th«rinterest of the Govern-
j ment only is regarded, not that of the servant,
j It may be cruel in many cases to the old and
| meritorious officer, but it is the hard condi-
j tion upon which he is allowed to serve at all.
| It is also argued against the provision for
I promotions for merit by the gentleman from
! Illinois that it might be used unfairly, as he
| intimates some advancements were made by
I boards during war time. Again we meet the
| same false logic that was used with regard to
the commissioners. Because individual cases
of favoritism or incorrect judgment may occur
in the administration of a system framed for
just ends, therefore no such system should be
established it all, but everything should go by
favor, and the consideration of merit be en-
tirely excluded. Because merit might not in
a few cases get the desert to which it is enti-
tled under this system, therefore merit should
not have the chance to win desert at all in
the public service. This is the sum of that
so-called argument.
Nor is it a valid objection to the measure
that it does not include the higher officers.
By the Constitution these are left to the exclu-
I sive jurisdiction of the President and Senate,
j It is a most insidious opposition to a measure
' that it does not go far enough. It is a part of
: the false logic I li'tve already commented upon
that would argue that we should not attempt
to do aiiy good, because we do not undertake
at one effort all that may be supposed attain-
able. But the limit in this case is not of my
seeking; it is foLnd in the Constitution itself.
The most that can be done in tlmt higher
sphere is to give the higher powers the use of
the means which we create. The bill proposes
to do this. For the results we are not at all
responsible, for they are now, and must con-
tinue to be, beyond our jurisdiction or control.
WHY THE EXPERIENCE OF OTHER COUNTRIES .SHOULD
BE TAKKN ADVANTAGE OF.
It is objected to this measure by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodwako]
that the examples drawn from other Govern-
ments, " despotic or monarchical," " never can
or ought to become a rule for a free republic. '
"It is one of the great vices of the bill,' sins
he. "that it is not built upon the American
ideas of government, but upon those of she
Old World.He says, farther, that our Con-
stitution " starts all the people even in the raoe
of life, and recognizes*no distinctions exojpt.
