THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
such as they create themselves." This is pre-
cisely what this bill proposes to secure to .every
citizen, according to the spirit of the Constitu-
tion as the gentleman interprets it. Across
the avenues to public employment are now
placed bars which are taken down only for
political and personal friends of the person who
holds the appointing power, or for those who
have exerted influence for the party to which
ihat persou belongs, or to those who may work
for that party if admitted within the magic cir-
cle of office. This measure proposes to throw
down all these bars. Every one is to have a
fair chance. Every young man in the country
is to have the opportunity, if he chooses, of
competing for the privilege of entering the
public service, and to be entitled to the right
to enter it if he proves that he has prepared
himself for it better than his competitors. Its
principle is that the people have a right to the
service of the best men, and that the best men
have the best light to serve the people. If
this be not the true idea of the Republic my
studies have been in vain. And even if the
selection should be confined to the party in
power the honest application of this measure
would secure the services of the best material
from each party as it came in power, instead
of admitting some of the worst of each, as under
the present system.
But the idea that we should not take a hint
from the improvements 111 the machinery of
administration made in other countries be-
cause their Governments are "despotic and
monarchical" is as ridiculous as it is prepos-
terous. The same rule would require us to
reject the steam-engin^, the railway, and the
locomotive because they came from Great
Britain, and the art of printing because it
came from Germany, and all inventions and
discoveries in the arts and sciences which may
originate among the subjects of the emperor
of the French or the autocrat of all the Ilus-
sias. These free trade men upon all articles
of manual manufacture would be prohibition-
ists upon ideas and inventions. They forget
ihat the science of government is progressive,
and that all improvements in it are the com-
mon property of the human race, to whom
governments of some sort are a necessity. The
great family of civilized nations are continually
borrowing from and giving to each other, and
gaining by the exchange. It never'could have
entered into the mind of any but a Pennsylva-
nia Democrat, who has been educated in the
belief which he still clings to, that the admin-
istration of Andrew Jackson was the perfec-
tion of civil government, that we should not
seek and receive lessons from the experience
of other civilized nations, especially when that
experience is in the line of our own innova-
tions upon ancient traditions in opening a
career for the children of the people, and not
merely for " privileged classes" and "aristo-
cratic ranks," or ''the younger sons of a
landed nobility."
We should remember that our prpsent, sys-
tem of appointments to office is of monarch-
ical origin and is copied from that of the parent
nation. Our fathers adopted the best system
winch they knew of. They did not invent any.
lhe offices which they created were to beheld
at the pleasure of the President. The com-
missions for all inferior offices within the
scope of this bill still read that the office is to
be held during the pleasure of the superior
fromjvhomthe appointment is received. This,
m 1787, was the best known mode, and Hie
fathers of the Republic adopted it as the best.
It was not till some years later that the French
republic discovered a better. But, like many
good things evolved in that Revolution, it was
lost sight of among its companion evils, and
has but recently become apparent to the civil-
ized world. And when its value has once been
discovered we look further and find that it has
exisied as an immemorial usage in the most
ancient of civilizations, and that it is the secret
of the long continuance of the government of
the greatest of the oriental nations. Like
many other arts and inventions, it was known
to them before our civilizations were born.
We are constantly borrowing ideas in juris-
prudence and in legislation from other coun-
tries. All our jurisprudence is based upon that
of the country from which our first colonists
emigrated, England, monarchical England.
Our Governmentitself, with an executive chief,
our representative legislature and independent
judiciary, are all copied from the same model.
We have made what we think are many improve-
ments upon that system, but if we should reject
other improvements made in the parent coun-
try because first made there we might as well
reject the parent system itself. Underlying
all our constitutions, all oar legislation, colo-
nial, State, and national, is the great common
law of England ; a system of jurisprudence
whose merciful maxims, wisely administered,
have done more for the improvement of the
human race in civil government than any utter-
ances save those upon the Mount—the com-
mon law of England, which is to-day the rule of
action for more millions of the human race than
any other system of jurisprudence which ever
emanated from man's experience ; whose vigor-
ous rootand giantgrowthhavesentitsoff'shoots
over the land and under the sea wherever col-
onies of the parent nation have been planted,
on every continent and in every clime; which
have again taken rootand flourished with a vigor
equal to the parent stock ; whose l'aii- flower has
been the perfect freedom of thought and speech
to all whom it shelters, and whose ripe fruit is
the perfect equality of all men before the law.
It would be as unwise to reject any improve-
ments upon that law as to attempt to reject the
law itself. And as of the law, so of improve-
ments in administration which are akin to it.
Nothing can be more foolish than for any man
to believe that all wisdom dwells in one man's
head, or in the practice and policy of any one
nation. We render to other nations far more
striking results of experience in civil govern-
ment than they can give to us, for in them his-
tory but repeats itself in the main; and while
we absorb yearly some hundreds of thousands
of their citizens, we should be unwise to reject
the practices by which they make their admin-
istration more perfect and their Governments
more secure.
the economy of the measure.
In its economical aspect I also ask for this
measure the approval of the House and of the
country. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] has figured up the annual
expense of the commission, including all sala-
ries and incidental expenses, at about sixty
thousand dollars, and I think they would not
exceed that sum. He omits to estimate the
credit to which it would be entitled from the
receipt of fees ; nor does he reflect that the sum
of the salaries of the appointment clerks now
employed in every Department and in the prin-
cipal post offices and custom-houses exceeds
all the salaries and expenses of the commission.
This mote in his eye prevents his seeing the
hundred millions that we losefor wantcf some
system like this. On the day when this meas-
ure was defeated by a majority of two votes in
this House in the Thirty-Ninth Congress a
| fraud was detected in the Treasury, perpetrated
i by a clerk who had procured his appointment
under an alias, which could not have been done
if the proposed commission had been in exist-
ence, to an amount which would have paid the
expenses of the commission for a year. While
the bill was under debate during the session of
the Congress just closed the amount discovered
to have been lost in the drawback frauds in a
single custom-house, and which never could
have been committed under the proposed sys-
tem, would have paid the expenses of the com-
mission for at least ten years. I speak only
of particular instances of discovered embezzle-
ments. We all know that the amount which
annually disappears from our revenues would
pay the expenses of the commission for a
thousand years. We hire the reapers that the
harvest may be gathered ; but parsimony like
that whicli begrudges the expense of this inquest
would let the grain rot on the ground before it
would pay the hire of the laborer. Nor is this
loss alone in the failure to collect the revenues 5
it is almost as flagrant in the expenditures.
The chairman of the Military Committee in
the last House declared on this floor that out
of every dollar appropriated for the benefit of
the Indians but twenty cents was ever received
by them. We have just appropriated $4,500,000
for their benefit, and on his estimate eighty per
cent., of this sum must be a dead loss. We
have also just appropriated $8,000,000 for the
collection of our internal revenue, about five
per cent, on the total receipts ; while in other
countries with a well ordered revenue service
it costs less than two and a half per cent, for
collection. In the customs the cost of collec-
tion is about equally extravagant. Much of
the loss is due to positive dishonesty; nearly,
if not quite, an equal amount to incapacity.
We do need an accession of intelligence as well
as integrity to this branch of the civil service,
although from what has been said in former
discussions some members do not seem to think
so. I have seen custom-house clerks who knew
no more of the foreign weights and measures
in the invoices placed before them, and of the
coinage in which the articles were valued, than
they did of Sanscrit; and appraisers who had
110 more idea of the manner in which the goods
they were called upon to value were manufac-
tured, or of the cost of manufacture, than of the
physical constitutionof the moon ; and gaugers
who could not read the instruments put into
their hands ; and collectors and inspectors to
whom the common chemistry of distillation
was as much unknown as any of the lost arts.
A former member of this House told me of
one who said lie could tell the strength and
quality of whisky better by the " taste and the
bead" than he could by any of "these new-
fangled instruments." It would require numer-
ous relays of such officers to obtain correct
returns from a single distillery. There is as
much abstracted and withheld from the revenue
under the noses of incapables as through con-
nivance with the dishonest. The Government
is plundered as well as defrauded ; and so
great is the extent of the thievery that the
amount of it would buy up the national debt
before it is due. Is it not a measure of econ-
omy to furnish means to the executive depart-
ment to presenta check to these gigantic frauds?
it may not be thoroughly successful ; 110 legis-
lative measure can be; no millennium can be
brought about by act of Congress. Yet the
service can be improved by it. This measure
simply proposes to fill ,a void in the present
system, caused by the great growth of the
country and its business. The garments which
clothed it in its youth are now altogether too
small for it. We must provide for its present
and future gigantic proportions. We cannot
return to the simpler and cheaper practices of
earlier Jays. This Government cannot be set
back into the condition in which it was in the
da,ys of Piesident John Quincy Adams. You
might as well undertake to remand it to the
colonial condition. All our legislation should
be based upon the possible requirements of
fifty S.tates and a hundred million people.
We shall reach that stature before the heads
of our young men shall grow white ; and if the
Government shall have honest and capable
men in its service and 110 others, the present
burdens of taxation upon the people would,
diminish so rapidly that their previous exist-
ence would be as soon forgotten as was the
debt of the war of independence funded by
Hamilton. Those with whom we deal finan-
cially must not only be impressed with the ex-
tent of our resources, but also must be made to
have faith in the honesty of the administration
of our revenues. The credit of this Govern-
ment would stand higher than any oiher upon
the money exchanges of the world, and the
Government itself would receive what is its
just due—the respect, the reverence, and tiie
love of all mankind.
