1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rm:
I shall take the earliest occasion to present
tho following bill, and aak its reference to the
appropriate committee:
A bill to regulate tho civil service of the United
State*.
Be it eaoctcd, &c.. That hereafter all appointments
of civil oliiccis m tho several Departments of the
forvieo ol the United States, exeept postmasters and
sueti officers as are by law reQUired to be appointed
by tuePiesidcnt by and with tac advice and consent
or iliy senate, shall be made from those persons who
shall l «tve beenlound bast qualified for the perform-
ance ot tbodutiesof the offices to which such ap-
pointment^ ai e to be made in open and competitive
examinations, and alter terms of probation, to be !
emdue eu und regulated as herein prescribed. J
£>EC. 2. And be it further erweted, That there shall ]
be appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and cogent of the Senate, a board ot iour com- :
mi^ioneis, who shall liold their offices lor the term
ot live years, to be called the civil service examina-
tion board, among who^e duties shall be the follow-
ing:
First. To prescribe the Qualifications requisite for
an appointment into each branch and grade of the
civil service ot the United States, having regard to
tho fitness of each caudidate in respect to age, health,
character, knowledge, and ability for the branch of
service into which lie seeks to enter.
Second. To provide tor the examinations and peri-
odsund conditionsof probation of all persons eligible
under thU act who may present themselves tor ad-
mission into tho civil service.
Third. To establish ruled governing the applica-
tions of such persons, the times and places of their
examinations, thesubjects upon which such examin-
ations shall be had, with other incidents thereof, and
the mode of conducting the same and the manner
ot keeping and preserving the records thereof, and
of perpetuating the evidence of such applications,
qualifications, examinations, probations, and their
rccultas th<-y shall thiok expedient. Such rules shall
be su framed as to keep the brandies ol the civil ser-
vice and the different grades of each branch, as also
the records applicable to each branch, distinct and
.-.eparate. Toe said board shall divide the country
lino territorial districts lor the purpose of holding
examinations ot applicants resident therein and
o hen, and Mi.ill designate some convenient and
accessible place m each district where examinations
shall be held.
fourth. To examine personally, or by persons by
them specially designated, the applicants tor ap-
pointment iuto thcoivilserviceof the United States.
Fi/tk. To make report of all rules and regulations
established by them, and of a summary of their pro-
ceedings, including an abstract of their examinations
fot tuc different branches ot the service, annually, to
Congress ar the opening ot each session.
ShC. 3. And be it further enacted, That all appoint-
ments to the civil service provided for m this act
sb.ili be m.tdc Irom those who have pasted the re-
quired examinations and probations in the following
order and manner;
Fimt. The applicants who stand highest in orderof
merit on the list of those who have passed the exam-
ination and probation lor any particular branchand
grade uf the civil service shall have the preference in
appointment to that branch and grade, and so on, in
the order of precedence, in examinations and merit
during probation to the minimum degree of merit
fixed by tlx* board lor such grade.
Second. Whenever any vacancy shall occur in any
grade of the civil service above the lowest in any
branch, the senior in the next lower giade mxy be
appointed to fiil the same, or a new examination lor
that particular vacuncj may be ordered, under the
direction ot the J>epaitnient, of those m the next
I
lowergrade, and the person found best qualified shall j
be entitled to the appointment to till such vacancy: }
Fiovidcd, That no person now iu olhco shall be pro- j
moted or transferred Irom a lower to a higher grade
unless he shall have passed at least one examination
under this act. , ,, , .
Third. The right of seniority shall be determined
by the rank of merit assigned by the board upon the
examinations, having regard also to seniority in
service; but it shall at all times be in the power of
tho heads of Departments to order new examina-
tions. which shall be couducted by the board, upon
due notice, and according ro lixed rales, and which
shall determine seniority with regard to the persons
ordered to be examined, or m the particular branch
and grad- of the service to which such examinations
shall apply. , . .
Fourth, Said board shall have power to establish
rule* lor such special examinations, aud also rules
by which any persons exhibiting particular merit in
any branch of the civil service may be advanced one
or more points in their respective grades; and one
fourth ol the promotions may be made on account of
mei it, urespect ivc of seniority m service, such merit
to he ascertained by spccial examinations, or by
a tv.inceinent for meritorious services and spccial
fitness lor the particular branch of service, according
to rules to be established as aforesaid.
Skc 4 Aa<l !"■ It further enacted. That said board
shall also have power to prescribe a fee, not exceed-
ing five dollars, to be paid by cach applicant tor ex-
amination, and also a fee, not exceeding ten dollars,
io be paid bv each peismi who shall receive a cer-
tificate of recommendation for appointment or for
promotion, or of seniority, which tees shall be nrst
paid to the collector of internal revenue in thedis-
tiiet vviiere the applicant or officer resides or may be
examined, to be accounted for and paid into the
Treasury uf tho United States by such collector,and
the certificates of payment of fees to collectors shall
he t i warded quarterly by the commissioners to the
Treasury Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That said hoard
shall have poirerto prescribe, bygeneral rules, what
misconduct or inefficiency shall be sufficient for the
removal or suspension of all officers who come within
the provisions of this act,and also to establish rules
tor the manner of preferring charges for such miscon-
duct or inefficiency, and for the trial of the accused,
and for determining his position pending such trial.
Bach member of said board shall have the power of
administering oaths in ail proceedings authorized by
this act, and testimony may be given orally by wit-
nesses in any hearing before said board or any mem-
ber thereof, or by deposition to be taken in tbcrnan-
ner prescribed by law, or upon such notice and in
such manner as said board shall by general rule or
spccial order direct.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That any one of
said commissioners may conduct or superintend any
examinations, and the board may call to their assist-
ance in such examinations such men of learning and
high character as they may think fit, or, in their
discretion, such officers in the civil, military, or
naval service of the United State* a- may bo desig-
nated from time to time, on application of the board,
as assistant to said board, by the President or heads
of Departments, and in special case?, to be fixed by
rules or by resolutions of the board, they may dele-
gate examinations to such persons, to be attended
and presided over by one member of said board, or
by some person specially designated to preside.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
board may also, upon reasonable notice to the per-
son accused, hear and determine any case of alleged
misconduct or inefficiency, under the general rules
herein provided for, and in such case shall report to
the head of the proper Department their finding in
the matter, and may recommend the suspension or
dismissalfrom office of any person fonnd guilty of'such
misconduct or inefficiency; and such person shall
be forthwith suspended or dismissed by the head of
such Department pursuant to such recommendation,
and from the filing of such report «hall receive no ;
compensation for official service exeept from and j
alter the expiration of any term of suspension ree- j
ommended by such report. i
Sec.8. And be it further enacted, ThntthePresident 1
shall have power atanv-timetorevokeand cancel trie !
commission of any officer appointed in pursuance ot j
the provisions of this act: Provided however, That j
said revocation and cancellation shall not take effect j
if said officer demand a trial upon charges to be pre- ;
ferred against him in the manner prescribed in this i
aet within thirty days from the time of being served ]
with notice of such revocation and cancellation, un- j
less he shall be found guilty upon his trial of the ;
misconduct or inefficiency alleged against him in such
charges. The discontinuance of an office shall dis-
charge the person holding it from the service.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the salary
of eaeh ot said commissioners shall be $5,000 a year,
and the said board may appoint a clerk at a salary
of $2,500 a year and a messenger at a sa'ary ot $>900
a year; and these sums aud the necessary traveling
expenses of the commissioners, clerk, and messenger,
to be accounted tor in detail aud verified by affidavit,
shall be paid from any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. The necessary expenses of
any person employed by said commissioners as assist-
ants, to be accounted lor and verified in like manner,
and certified by the board, shall also be x aid in like
manner. ,
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That any oflicer
in the civil service ol the United States at the date
of the passage ot this act, other than those excepted
in the first section of this act, maybe required by the
head of the Department in which he serves to appear
before said board, and it iound not qualified lor the
place he occupies he shall be reported tor dismissal,
and be dismissed in the manner hereinbefore pro-
vided, and the vacancy shall be filled in manner afore-
said from those who may be found qualified tor such
gr.ide of office -liter such ^x\mination.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That ar.y person
appointed and commissioned in pursuance ot the
provisions of this act may be required to serve in the
branch and grad" to which he may be appointed in
any part of the United States where the head of the
Department in which he serves may think proper,
and in case of lemoval irom one place of service to
another the necessary traveling expenses of such
officer, to be ascertained and allowed according to
fixed rules, shall be paid out of the Treasury. #
Sec. 12. Artdbe it further enacted. That all citizens
of the United States shall be eligible to examina-
tion and appointment under the provisions ot this
act, and the heads of the several Departments may,
in their discretion, designate the offices in the sev-
eral branches of the civil service the duties of which
may bo performed by females as well as males, and
pended, and dismissed, in manner aforesaid; and
the names of those recommended by tho examiners
shall be placed upon the lists for appointment and
promotion in the oider of their merit and seniority,
and without distinction, other than asatoresaid,
il-oru those of male applicants or officers.
Sue. 13. A -ad he 11 further enfeted. That the Presi-
dent, and also the Senate, may require any person
applying for or recommended ioi any office which
requires confirmation by the Senate to appear befoi e
said board and be examined as to his qualifications,
either before or attc^r bemg commissioned : ana the
result of such examination shall be reported to the
President and to the Senate.
The hour hnving expired before the conclu-
sion of Mr. Jkxckes's speech, on motion of
Mr. Woodward, by unanimous consent, his
time was extended until he had finished.
INLAND REPUBLICS OF RAN DOMINGO.
Mr. OIXTH. Mr. Chairman, in the closing
days of the Fortieth Congress I introduced to
the House during the morning hour the fol-
lowing resolution; which I ask to have read at
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That tbe territory belonging to the Dominican
republic shall, on application of the Government
and people of said republic, be admitted into tbe
Union as a territory of the United States, to be called
the territory of St. Domingo, on the conditions in
the manner following:
"b'trxi. The peopieof the said republic shall adopt
a republican lorm ot territorial government by dep-
uties, in convention assembled for that our pose.
"•Second. The action bythepeople shall be with the
consent and cooperation of the existing government
of said republic.
"Third. Such form of government shall thereafter
be submitted to Congress for its approval.
"Fourth. The admission of said Territory shall be
with the view to the ultimate establishment of a
Slate government republican in form in and over
said territory, in conformity to the Constitution of
the United States, with the approval of Congress."
Mr. OR.TH. It is well known that under
our rules the resolution thus introduced was
not at that time subject to debate, and hence
no one expected its adoption. The subject
which it embraces is too important, if not too
novel, to receive the approval of this House
without that thorough examination of its merits
which can only be had by a full discussion and
investigation.
The purpose intended to be accomplished by
the introduction of the resolution has been
fully accomplished, and that was simply to
\ bring tbe subject of San Domingo and its ineor-
i poration into our Union before the Congress
' and people of the United States for their con-
s sideration and ultimate and definite action.
The friends of this measure do not shrink from
! such consideration, feeling satisfied that the
: practical sense of our people will easily com-
prehend and appreciate the national import-
j ance of so valuable an acquisition.
The recent war for the Union has settled
many questions of paramount import, not onlv
to us but to the world. It has established
incontrovertibly the strength and unity, and
consequent perpetuity of our Republic, and
thus dispelled forever from the minds of men
the infatuation that we were a mere confedera-
tion of States, subject to dissolution at the
whim or fancy of any discontented partner in
that confederation. That war also eradicated
from our system that " relic of barbarism "
so long our bane and our shame, and conferred
upon a despised race, counting its numbers by
the million, those " natural and inalienable
j! rights'' so long and so wickedly wiihheld.
But the man who supposes that these are the
only results of that war. great and glorious as
they are. has not studied very thoroughly the
! true philosophy of that struggle, or watched
very closely the events which are flowing from
j and" will continue to flow from its successful
; termination.
j Tbat war, which in its inception and during
; its progress was for the unity of the Republic,
' was nevertheless a struggle between republican
and monarchical institutions of government, a
struggle for the rights of the many as against
the encroachments of the few. and has de-
monstrated that at least upon the American
continent man is capable of self-governuient.
! and that upon this continent such forms of
■ government as recognize this great principle
I shall alone be permitted to exist. The progress
t of peoples from one stage or phase of govern-
ment to another is not ordinarily rapid : and
yet behold the changes which have occurred
within the brief period which has intervened
' since the historic events at Appomattox.
The French emperor, proceeding upon the
erroneous hypothesis that our late troubles
must result in the destruction of our Govern-
ment. seizes what he regarded as a favorable
< opportunity to crush the feeble republic of
i! Mexico and plant upon its ruins, in the luter-
Ij est. of the "Latin race," an empire fostered
| by the resources of the French exchequer and
II maintained by tb'e strong arm of her military
