1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
320
Island of Cuba exceeds four hundred thousand
tons per annum. Allusion is made to only a
few of its leading products, but we most not
forget that its tropical situation is favorable to
tbe production of" eveiy species of fruits and
vegetables.
MINERALS.
Among the first presents which Columbus
received irom the Carib chiefs of San Domingo
were trinkets and images made of gold. . The
pos-e.-sion of this valuable metal in suchabund-
hih-p by all classes of the natives aroused the
cupidity of the Spanish people, and thousands
{locked to these auriferous shores. Following
this discovery were scenes ofbarbarity, tyranny,
and oppression, resulting in the rapid extinc- |
lion of the natives, at the contemplation of j
which oureomuion humanity revolts, and which
vp would gladly erase from the historic page.
Spanish avarice was riot satiated but increased
bj the untold millions which by their cruelty
was forced fiom the unceasing and unrequited
toil of the simple-minded Indians. Every
mountain height, the alluvium of the plains,
aud the sands of every stream abounded in the
coveted treasure, and unwilling hands were
compelled to gamer it for the stranger, who
bad now become the sordid taskmaster of a
race whom he reduced from freedom to a con-
dition of abject slavery.
Historians and statisticians differ widely as to
the probable amount of gold which was gath-
ered annually from this prolific field alter the
Spaniards had taken complete possession and
control of ttie island ; but even from the con-
flicting testimony on the subject it is fair to
infer that for a long period of time the annual
vield uas not l<-ss than 3:20.000,000. The civil-
ized woi id has for the last twenty years viewed
with amazement the amount, of gold gathered in
California, and yet with the energy and enter-
prise of the American people, with scientific
processes and skilled labor, aided by improved
machinery, the annual yield has been only about
thirty million dollars, and for the year ending
June 30, 1808, the yield was only ;p6,78ii,000.
For the same period the yield from other gold-
bearmg regions of the United States has been
as follows:
Montana $3,340,000
Colorado    1,081.000
Idaho  9it8,000
Or-egon    349, .00
It will be seen by the foregoing figures that
San Domingo will compare favorably with
the most valuable of our own gold bearing
territory. We are told that San Domingo has
ceased to be a gold-producitig region. Such
is the fact: but the question presents itself, is
her gold exhausted? Have her mountains,
her valleys, and her rivers yielded up all
which they contained? If we can believe those
who have within the last eight or ten years
visited the island with special reference to the
solution of this problem, we cannot hesitate
as to the answer. During her colonial history
the gold was gathered, first by the Indian, and
after his extinction by the African, who was
enslaved for that purpose. The proud cava-
lier never descended to the position of a miner:
so long as he could control the labor o! the
Indian and the African the treasure flowed
into his coffers ; but after the Indian became
extinct and the African asserted and main-
tained his freedom the gold fields were aban-
doned and production ceased.
The mines are not exhausted. In support
of this remark let me present, the following
extracts from a recent work on San Domingo,
bv W. S. Courtney:
" It wo carefully examine all the histories now ex-
tint and .iccessihieoi'tliecolony during its prosperous
Winnie years. and attentively consider the geological
..ud topograpnical characteristic* of the island, we
c.,i, not I,til to bo duly itn pressed with the fact tbatrbe
i sl.tlni ot £mh I-JomiiiKO is one immense gold field from
exti oniily i i tuc o tlier. Ttiei e is scarcely a dis-
ii'ei ot any extent or a luoimtain of any magnitude
where gold h:b not been and is not now found; and
so iar ii> m its auriferous resources having been ex-
bi.usted i«>■ die early Spaniards, they scarcely begun
tub" developed." * * ! * "Concern-
inti iho piesent aspect of the gold fields of Domime.i.
a-nil tin1 di monsirative evidence? of the existence
ui>old iiu-re, oar information is derived from much
personal conversation with gentlemen now and long
residents of the island." * « * * "The
gold is still found in the Cibao regions as of old. In
prospecting up the Cibao river and its tributaries,
the 'color' was everywhere found, as it was also in
1 heir beds and rocky crevices and deep boles. The
quantity thus taken outin prospecting, and working
only with the prospeetiug implements, amounted
sometimes to two dollars per hand per day.
"Some years ago a friar at Savaonan Eglesia,
about twenty usiles from Santiago, discovered a rich
deposit in the mountains near the head of the valley,
whence he seereily took out a large fortune."
Walton says:
"There can be little doubt that the best mines are
yet unexplored, as the Indian set no value on gold
and the most likely spots have not yet been trod."
But gold is not the only mineral found in
this island. Dr. Smith, of Port-au-Prince, in
a paper on this subject, use3 this language:
" Few countries are more highly favored in the
variety and value ot metallic ores, and none can
boast of so general or natural distribution of thein
as Hayti. On the present occasion little more is
required than a summary note of certain known
localities in these parts of the country." * *
* " "Gold quartz and copper, antimony and
silver, the jasper and marble, talc, jet, and the agate,
are among the providential dotations tbat are most
abundantly and generally diffused in and about the
mountain ranges of Hayti. Copper is seen under
different forms and in d fferem plaees. The most
common are the blue and green pyrites, mixed often
with the sulphuret of iron, at other times separate.
The red, blue, and green ox yd, or malachite, under
the blow-pipe wi;i yield from thirty-five to forty-five
ger cent, of copper, but these are not the richest in
-fiyti. Salines are numerous. Rock or gem salt
is a natural production."
Fabeus, alluding to the mineral resources
of the island, says:
" Specimens of rich silver ore have been taken out
at Point Balandra, on the peninsula of Samana.
Marble of various kinds is known to exist, and the
jasper, agate, onyx, topaz, and other stones, appear
in many places, in the Cibao is cinnabar, cobalt,
bismuth, zinc, antimony, and lead, nickel, aud native
iron near Bayaguana and at S.iinaua. Cinnabar is
also discovered near Santo Domingo city, naphtha
and petroleum at Bunica, and sulphur m different
forms aud places ilock oi gem saltappears in large
quantities near Agua, and I am told an American
company has been recently organized forminingand
shipping this valuable commodity."
1 have thus hastily glanced at some of the
principal sources of material wealth, and only
culled here and there a few choice gems and
flowers from among the almost innumerable
variety which meet the traveler at every step
in this remarkable spot of earth.
CLIMATE AND SEASONS.
According to the Spanish historian, Yalverde:
" From the organization bestowed by nature upon
this favored isle there proceeds a variety of climare
not easily found elsewhere." * * * * "In
general, the tempera ure of our island is that of a
perpetual spring; its nights are cool and refreshing
and its mornings up to the hours of ei'-rht or nine are
the most delicious that can be imagined."
Irving remarks that the Spaniards were as-
tonished to find themselves in a laud '* where
the rigors of winter are unknown, where there
is a peipetual succession and even intermix-
ture of fruit and flower, and where smiling
verdure reigns throughout theyear." Although
situated in the torrid zone, the heat is modi-
fied by the ocean and by tbe peculiarities of
the mountains and valleys, so that the mean
temperature is about eighty five degrees of
Fahrenheit. The seasons are divided into dry
and rainy, the latter continuing from May to
October.
While portions of the island are subject, to
diseases of a febrile character, the concurrent
testimony and experience of its population for
over three hundred years attest its general
salubrity. We are told that "the mahogany
choppers who spend months together iti the
forest, sleeping in their blankets on the ground
or swinging in their hammocks under the trees,
feel no ill efleets from the climate.' and Fabeus
met " a party of Cornwall miners about thirty
miles from tlie capital, who informed him that
not one of their number had had a day's sick-
ness since their arrival in the country, about
two years previous.'" " The valleys and plains
high up in the mountains are unexceptional!)-
and uniformly healthy, the air being as fresh
and bracing and pure as that of the mountains
of Scotland."
his firstvoyage, and by him namedHispaniola,
or Little Spain. . In consequence of an acci-
dent which befell one of his vessels he left here
a portion of his crew, and thus formed the first
settlement of civilized men in the New World.
This handful of Spaniards by their profligate
conduct brought upon themselves the animos- .
ity of the Caiib chiefs of the island, who sur-
rounded their rude stockade and put every man
to death. Meauwhile Columbus had returned
to the mother country, and the fame of his
great discovery soon attracted universal atten-
tion, and thousands from every part of Europe
were making preparations to emigrate to the
New World. A colony of Spaniards number-
ing fil'teeu hundred, uuder the command of tbe
admiral, was planted on this island in 1793,
and was reenforced from time to time by other
arrivals, until in process of time it became a
wealthy and prosperous community. Colum-
bus being appointed Governor of the island
made it his permanent home, and it continued
as a Spanish colony, as tbe richest gem in the
diadem of Spain, until 1795, when, by what is
known as "the infamous treaty of Basie," the
result of secret intrigue between the cabinets
of Paris and Madrid, it was transferred to
France. In the year 1630 the French estab-
lished their first colony on this island at a place
named St. Christopher, from which they were
speedily driven by the Spauiards, but afterward
effected a settlement on the western part of (he
island, which possession and settlement was
recognized and guarantied to the French by a
treaty between the two nations in 1773.
The great excess of the slave over the free
population and the cruelty of the masters caused
frequent revolts of the slaves, ami when the
French revolution broke out the dissensions
of the mother country were earned into the
colony, the white population of which was
divided into angry, antagonistic factions of
royalists and republicans. The slaves took
advantage of this, and in one general insurrec-
tion swept the institution of slavery from the
colony forever. In 1793, the British, then at
war with France, took advantage of these dis-
sensions and invaded the island. The negroes
who were declared free by a proclamation of
the French commissioners, took sides with
the French, and under the leadership of the
celebrated Toussaint L'Ouverture, a former
slave, rendered valuable services in the lojig
and doubtful struggle. The French colony
became exceedingly prosperous aud wealthy,
and in 1795, by the treaty of Basle, to which
reference has already been had, the French
Government became the sole proprietor of the
entire island. When the English were driven
out in 1798, L'Ouverture was raised to the
chief command of the colony. His adminis-
tration was very judicious, and the colony was
becoming prosperous and tranquil, when, in
1801, Bonaparte, then first consul, sent Le
Clerc with twenty-five thousand men to seize on
the Government and again reduce the blacks
to a state of slavery. Led by L'Ouverture,
Dessaliues, and Christophe, the Haytians re-
sisted, and a long and bloody conflict followed,
which became a war of extermination, and did
not end until the French were driven from the
island in 1804, when Dessaliues was crowned
emperor of Hayti, under the title of James i.
His cruelty and treachery soon made him un-
popular, and he was assassinated in 180ti. A
provisional government was formed, a consti-
tution adopted, underwlnch Petion, a mulatto,
was chosen president. He was succeeded m
the presidency by Boyer, who continued at the
head of the Government until 1844, when he
was deposed by a revolution, and was suc-
ceeded by General Rivere, wbose administra-
tion. which lasted but a few months, was sig-
nalized by the separation of tbe old Spanish
portion oi the island, which established itself as
an independent republic, uuder the name of
Dominica. . .
Soulouque was elected President m 184 ,
but soon after caused himself to be crowned
emperor under the title of I1austin I. I he ex-
EARLY DISCOVERY AND SKTTLEMEJCT. t   . .. , A , ,
The island was discovered by Columbus on l! periment of an empire dio not succeed, how-
