526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
ever, and Spulouquewas deposed and Gefifrard
was elected president of Hayti, who has since
been mcceeded by Salnave, a brave, shrewd
ruler, and an admirer of our country and its
institutions.
jitter the treaty of Basle, by which the Span-
ish portion of San Domingoand its inhabitants
were transferred to France, the Dominicans
shared the fortunes of fiayti, joined in the re-
volt against the French authorities, assisted in
the organization of the H lytian Republic, and
remained citizens thereof until the year 1844.
The Dominicans took advantage of the revolt
which brokeout in Haytiin 1842, resultinginthe
overthrow of Boyer, and under the leadership
of Santana and his favorite General Baez, now
president, established the Dominican republic.
For these brilliant services Santana was elected
the first president of the new republic, and was
succeeded by Jimines, under whose presidency
the Haytians, under Soulouque, attempted to
reconquer their lost territory, but failed most
signally, the Dominican forces being led by
their former president, Santana, who for this
great victory over the Haytian forces received
the title of " Libertador de la Patria." Baez
succeeded Jimines, and during his presidency
formed treaties of commerce and for the recog-
nition of the Dominican republic as a member
of the family of nations, with Great Britain,
France. Denmark, Holland, Brazil. Mexico,
and Venezuela.
The Dominicans having established for them-
selves a republican form of government (almost
copying our Constitution) looked with confi-
dence for similar recognition at our hands.
This was refused. However much we might
admire their form of government, we did not
ad mire the color of their people. They received
no favor, no sympathy from those to whom
they turned most naturally tor encouragement
in the course they had marked out lor them-
selves.
In June, 18(31, when our own troubles com-
menced, Spain, aware that we had refused to
extend recognition and sympathy to the Domini-
can republic, conceived the idea of again pos-
sessing herself of this portion of the island.
She sent her army and her navy, and for three
years held the Dominicans within her iron
grasp, when they, unaided and alone, drove the
Spaniards from their soil, but not until they had
committed untold outrages upon the people,
and literally converted a large portion of their
territory into a desert. The expulsion of the
Spaniards left them free but despoiled; and
since then they have been assiduously engaged
in repairing the losses which Spanish cruelty
had inflicted.
THE TWO RHPCBLICS.
There are two governments on the island,
botti republican in form ; Hayti on the west,
embracing about one third of the territory ; and
Dominica on the east, embracing about two
"Inrds of the territory. 1 shall give avery brief
synopsis of the leading features in each of their
constitutions, showing their republican form and
character, Iroin which it will be seen that the
people of these island republics are somewhat
accustomed to the enjoyment of free institu-
tions and have some experience in self-govern-
ment, which prepare them in a measure for
admission into oar Union and an appreciation
of our Constitution and laws. There is, how-
ever, a marked distinction betweenthem. While
Dominica grants equal rights to all her citizens,
without distinction of race or color, the Hay-
tian constitution provides that—
" No white man, whatever be his nationality, shall
bo permitted to land on the Ilnytian territory with
the title of master or proprietor; norshallhebeable
in future to acquire there either real estate or the
rights of a Haj tian."
it may afford some consolation to exclusion-
ists in our own country to know that in Hayti
they find a counterpart to their own peculiar
notions on this subject. This harsh exclusion
of the whites from participation in the Haytian
Government is. however, much mitigated by
the reflection that in a population of about six
hundred thousand there are less than five bun-
itefl persons who are within its provisions.
The Haytian constitution contains the follow-
ing among other provisions:
"Art. 8. No slave can be held on the territory of
the republic: slavery is abolished forever.''
"Art. 13. Every citizen above, the age of twenty-
one yeais exercises political rights, if he has besides
the other necessary conditions determined by the
constitution," , , ,,
"Art. 18. All Haytians are equal before the law.
"Art. 23. Tne house of every person resident on
Haytien territory is an inviolable asylum." _
"Art. 26. The constitation guaranties the inviola-
bility of property."
"Art. 30. Every citizen owes his services to the
country for the maintenance of liberty, equality, and
property whenever the laws summon hiiu to defend
them."
"Art. 36. Instruction is free, and schools will grad-
ually be established to meet the wants of the people."
"Art. 42. Public debts contracted either at home
or abroad are guarantied. The constitution places
them under the safeguard and loyalty of the nation."
The legislative branch is vested in a senate
and chamber of representatives. The repre-
sentatives are chosen for five years by a college
of electors, who are elected by the people of
the several representative districts. The sen-
ators are selected for nine years by the cham-
ber ot representatives from a list of three
candidates for each senator, who are nomin-
ated by the president. The president of Hayti
is elected for life. The president appoints and
dismisses the judicial officers attached to the
court of appeals and the other tribunals, but
the judges cannot he dismissed except for
offenses of bribery, legally tried, nor suspended
except on account of an approved accusation.
The Dominican constitution is much more
democratic in its provisions, among which we
find the following:
"All are Dominicans who enjoy that right at
present, all who are born in the republic, without
regard to the nationality of their parents, and ail
foreigners belonging to friendly nations who may
elect then-domicile m Dominican territory and make
then declaration to become citizens after one yeai's
residence.
"The duties of Dominicans are to obey the consti-
tution and the laws and respectand obey tile-author-
ities established thereby, and to watch over the pres-
ervation ofpubliclibertv. Dominicansarebornfree,
and they remain free and equal in all rights. Slavery
does not and can never exist m the republic. Per-
sonal liberty is a sacred and inviolable right.
" Sovereigntyresidesinthepeople, and is exercised
by four powers, namely, the legislative, the execu-
tive, the judiciary, and the municipal.
"The legislative power is exercised by aeongress
composed of twenty-four deputies elected by direct
vote, and has power to pass all laws, subject to the
veto of the executive, which can be overcome by a
vote of two thirds of the deputies.
"The president of the republic shall be elected
by a direct vote of the people. The constitutional
term ot his office is four years, and no citizen who
shall have exercised the chief magistracy can be
reelected president till the period of one full term
has elapsed.
" The j udicial power shall be exercised by a supreme
court, tribunal of the first resort," &c.
The judges are elected by the congress. The
municipal officers are elected by the assemblies
of the people. There is established for all elec-
tions a direct vote and universal suffrage.
We have now the opportunity to acquire this
magnificent domain. The Government and
people of the Dominican portion of the island
are prepared to-day to enter our Union : to
place themselves and their territory under the
control of our laws; in a word, to share our
destinies. With the aquisition of Dominica,
that of Hayti becomes inevitable, and by our
acceptance of this entire island we come into
the possession of the richest gift ever offered
to any nation. It comes without terms or con-
ditions, except such as we in our own judg-
ment may impose for the benefit of all con-
cerned ; it comes without any incumbrance
save such as we may voluntarily assume ; with-
out war or bloodshed ; without entangling alli-
ances ; with the full and free assent of those
who by rightful authority own and control its
destinies, and without lawful protest from any
| outside Power. Corning on these terms, we
1 know enough of American history and Ameri-
I can character to warrant us in saying that our
people will receive the gift with open arms,
and extend a hearty welcome to the island sis-
ter who thus proposes to become a part of our
family.
What are the objections which are urged
against this acquisition? The most prominent
: is that we have now more territory than we can
; govern wisely and profitably, and yet there is
\ not a member in either House of Congress Hio
j has the temerity to rise in his place to-day nud
! propose the sale or transfer of any portion of
our soil; no, not an inch of even the nn st
barren and inhospitable portion of our recent ly
acquired Territory of Alaska. Another obj'c-
tion, is that it will increase out- national in-
debtedness. I fully appreciate our finaiii_i.il
situation, and would not heedlessly do aught to
increase that debt; but this annexation w ill not
necessarily add a single dollar to out indebted-
ness. The assumption of the debts and obliga-
tions of one Government by another is always
the subject of contract or treaty stipulation.
My proposition contemplates the acquisition of
this island as a territory of the United Stales,
and the erection of a territorial government
with an ultimate view to its admission hs a
State into our Union. In its acquisition pro-
vision may be made that its indebtedness shall
remain as a subsisting claim against the island
in the same manner as debts contracted by any
of our Territories. Our invariable rule has
been heretofore to suffer the^debts of a Ter-
ritory to pas3 with the Territory into the State
and remain as valid obligations against the
State. Suppose, however, it should become
necessary in order lo consummate annexation
for our Government to assume or guaranty the
payment of the public debt of the Dominican
Government ; in view of such a contingency,
it is well to ascertain as nearly as may be the
nature and amount of their debt and the mode
which may be provided for its extinction beloie
concluding that this presents an impassable
barrier to further negotiations.
The Dominican republic as such has been in
! existence only about twenty-five years. Dining
i that time she has not been engaged in works of
! internal improvement. She has had no na\_v,
and her standing army has existed more in
name than in fact, and her civil list has not by
any means been an expensive one. In all
those years she has had more or less of com-
mercial intercourse with the world, and hence
| has been in the receipt of customs and other
income fui nishing revenue for the public treas-
ury. Fioin these facts it is but reasonable to
infer that her public debt cannot have reached
any very great magnitude, and it may be added
that her credit, in consequenceof her unsettled
political condition, has not at any time been
such as to enable her to contract a heavy in-
debtedness. There was contradictory testi-
mony as to the amount and character of this
debt. Public rumor had it that an accredited
agent of the republic recently estimated the
public debt at from ten to twelve million dol-
lars; while another agent, with better means
of information, arising from a longer residence
on the island and a more intimate acquaint-
ance with the official personages and transac-
tions of the republic, asserts very confidently
that the entire floating and bonded debt will
not exceed the sum of 8000,000. This latter
statement appears the more reasonable and is
entitled to additional credence from the fact that
our commercial agent resident in Dominica
frequently informed our Government, within
the last two years, that the entire debt could
be liquidated with about four hundred thou-
sand dollars in gold.
1 submit to this House that, notwithstanding
the magnitude of our present liabilities, the
American people would hesitate long before
rejecting a proposition which secures to us tins
peerless territory, even if it brings with it some
pecuniary responsibilities.
But admitting for the sake of the argument,
what is not at all probable, that the debt is in the
neighborhood of ten million dollars, and that its
assumption or guarantee becomes necessary as
a condition-precedent to annexation, is that
sufficient to reject the acquisition when it is
apparent, that ourreventie laws enforced in the
island would in a very short, time furnish the
means of its extinguishment, if pledged for
that purpose, without calling upon our own
Treasury for the payment of any portion of the
