£28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
ori the levees on the Mississippi, have in-
structed me to report it favorably ; and I ask
for its present consideration. The cost of
the work will be sixty-eight dollars.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows :
Beiolved, That one thousand additional conies of
the report of the Secretary of War, transmitting the
report of the chief of engineers relative to< guaran-
tying the payment of certain bonds to be issued by
the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mississippi,
for the purpose ot building and repairing the levees
in satd State, be printed for the use of the Senate.
IlEPORT OS 5IINES AND MINING.
Mr. ANTHONT. The same committee, to
whom was referred a concurrent resolution to
print ten thousand extra copies of the report
of Professor Raymond on mines and mining,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment. The amendment consists in re
ducing the number from ten thousand to five
thousand. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved by the Senate, (theHovse of Representatives
concurring.) That ten thousand oopiesof the report of
Professor Raymond on mines and mining be printed
for the use of the Senate.
The Committee on Printing reported the
resolution with an amendment to strike out
"ten thousand" and insert "five thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
' The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is upon the table
a resolution reported from the Committee on
Printing the other day for printing the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that ought to be disposed of, and if the
Senate will grant me unanimous consent I
should like to have it taken up and acted upon
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from
committees are still in order.
.Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 94. After it is taken up, if
there is any morning business to present I will
give way for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is taken up
I desire to state to the Senate that there has
been pending for several days now an amend-
ment made by the House to the bill fS. No.
44) to amend the judicial system of the United
Slates, and it is important that we should have
action upon it, and I hope to get it this morn-
ing. It is a bill pending on amendments
between the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from
committees are still in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. You can take that up
after the morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; there is another
matter which comes up at one o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT, It requires unani-
mous consent, and the Chair understands the
Senator from Illinois to object. Reports of
committees are still in order.
OENKItAL S. P. HKOTZKLtfAX.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 36) repectlng
the retirement of Brevet Major General S. P.
Hciutzelman, to report it back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it pass 5
and I ask for its immediate consideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I regret the necessity of
doing it, but I must object,
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator objects I shall
be compelled to objectto his bill. It will take
but a moment to pass this resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill which I desire
to have considered has been three times re-
ported by a committee,* but it appears that a
bill that is reported and put on the table,
according to the rule of the Senate, loses its
precedence, and there have been more than
fifty bills, I should think, passed upon reports
of committees while this bill has been lying
on the table, which is entitled to precedence.
If that is to be the practice of the Senate
then 1 want to understand ic.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon objects to the consideration of
the joint resolution, and it will be placed on
the Calendar. Reports are still in order.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OK TUB SJ8NATJB.
Mr. CRAG-IN. The Committee to Auditand
Control the Contingent Kxpenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a resolution to in-
quire into the mode of appointment and tenure
of office of the subordinate officers of the Sen-
ate, and to report if any changes are desirable in
the same, have had the subject under consider-
ation and have instructed me to make the fol-
lowing report ; and as this is a matter of some
importance, I deem it right to ask the Secre-
tary to read this report, and then I wish to
make a very few remarks in addition. If there
be no objection on the part of the Senate I
ask that the report be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senateof the 20th ot March. 1869, instruct-
ing them " to inquire into the mode of appointment
and tenure of office of the suboidinate officers of the
Senate, and to report if any changes are desirable
in the same," report:
That the subordinate officers of the Senate regu-
larly employed under the Secretary of tlie Senate
and Sergeant-at-Arms, respectively, are appointed
and removed by tiiose officers under the following
resolution of the Senate, passed July 17,1854:
"Jiesolved, That the several officers and others in
the departments of the Secretary of the 8enate and
of the Sergeant-at-Arms shall be appointed and re-
moved from orfice by those officers, respectively, as
heretofore? but when inaf'e du. ing the session of the
Senate any such removal to be first approved by the
President ot the Senate, on reasons to be assigned
thereior in writing by the officers making the re-
moval; and when in the roeo>' such reason in writ-
ing to be laid beioio the President of the Senate
on the fhst d« y of tue succeeding session, and to be
approved or disappioved by hiui."
The following resolution, passed at the same date,
regulates to some extent the appointment mid tenure
ot office of the pages who are appointed by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms:
"Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to classify the pages of the Senate, so
that at the cio.-e of the present and each succeeding
Congress one half the numbershalJ be removed, and
in no case shall a page be appointed younger than
thirteen years or remain in olitce atter til* age of sev-
enteen years, or for a iongci time than two Congresses,
or four years."
The persons employed on the heating and ventilat-
ing apparatus, the additional messengers, laborers
in the lolding-rooin, and laborers around the Senate
Chamber and committee-iooms, are emplo ed by the
Sergeant-at-Arins, by real or supposed directions
from this committee, a* theii &ervi<-es are required,
and are subject to removal at .my time.
This committee is satisfied that changes are desir-
able and necessary in the number of tne employes
not on the regular rolls.
The irregular force has largely increased within
the past few years, which, witnin the last year, the
committee has endeavored to reduce, but with little
practical success. Near the close, however, of the
last session of Congress the committee had taken
measures to largely reduce the number of the subor-
dinate ofiiecrs employed without direct authority of
law or resolution ot the Senate, as the labor and
duties done by most of that class could and should
be performed by those regular!*1 employed, and to
that end nad given durations for thecariymgout of
the determination of the committee.
During the present session the committee have re-
solved upon still iuitber reductions, which were
carried into effect on the first day of the present
month.
It is the firm purpose of the committee to mate-
rially curtail the expendituies for extra labor and
miscellaneous items, and we need but thecoopera-
of the Senate to diminish the contingent expenses
of the Senate during the next fiscal year more than
fiify thousand doilais.
In conclusion, the committee would call the atten-
tion otthe Senate to themanyresolutions which are
constantly introduced into this body lor the pay-
ment ot money from the contingen t lund of the Sen-
ate, most of which find their principal, and in some
cases only, «upport 20 precedents; and the commit-
tee ask th^t, herealter the Senate will resort to this
mode of creating deficiencies only in extra and ex-
treme casts.
Mr. CRAG-IN. I wish to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for a few minutes, not more
than five, in calling attention to the contingent
expenses of the Senate. In a report made by
the House Committee on Accounts at the close
of the last session they say:
"During the year 1863 the contingent expenses of
the House amounted to $476,399 84, and those of the
Senate are stated to be about $391,563 71. The num-
ber of Representatives is two hundred and twenty-
two; that of Senators, sixty-four. This makes the
expenses of the Senate $6,118 18 per cmitn, and of
the House 04pe>~ fn~pUft,'r
Now, Mr. President, I lia^e before me a state-
meat of the contingent expenses of the Senate
for the year beginning January 1, '8ti8, and
ending December 31, 18G8, the itemfe '.f which
I wish to read and comment upon :
"Folding documents, materials, and labor, $20,-
732 13."
Under the action of the committee alluded
to in this report we expect to save nearly the
whole of this item. We have directed the
Sergeant-at-Arras to employ regularly lour men
in the folding-room, and to dispense with the
men and boys who have been employed there,
and thus save a large amount of expense.
"Furniture a.tri repairs,So.655 16.
" Additional messengers and laborers, 828,072 88."
"We propose to dispense with this last item
almost, if not entirely ; but in order to do I his
we must have the cooperation of the Senaie.
Senators must not go to the Sergeant-at-Anns
and crowd upon him or ask him to employ
men when he bas no authority to do it. We
propose to regulate the number and the pay
of the men employed without any authority of
law.
"Stationery, (of this amount there was supplied
for 1867, $11,307 46,) £34,980 36.
"Newspapers, $2,551 32.
"Newspapers and stationery, 53,264 83.
"Congressional Globe and Appendix, $52,038.
" Reporting proceedings, $26,400 05.
"Congressional Globe and Appendix, complete
sets, ?1,155."
Making 579,593 95 for the Globe ; and I wish
to say here that this item is not in proporiiou
to the number of Senators, but is probably
about the same as the same expense for the
House.
"Clerksto committees, pages, horses and carryalls,
$81,235 00."
The committee propose to reduce this ex-
pense slightly by limiting the number of pages,
reducing the number some three or four. The
great expense in this item is for clerks to com-
millees. The number of clerks to committees
has increased within eight years from fifteen
up to twenty-four. This is caused by the form-
ation of new committees. We do not consider
that as a committee we have any control over
this subject. It is wholly within the power and
direction of the Senate. Committee clerks are
authorized by resolution of the Senate, and
the Committee on Contingent Expenses have
no control whatever over this item of expend-
iture. The next item is—
"Capitol police, $39,191 60."
This is an item over which the Committee
on Contingent Expenses have no control ; one
half of the total expense being paid by the
House of Representatives, and the other half
by the Senate :
"Capitol police-arms, $4-19.
"Heating and ventilating, §19,728 39."
The committee propose to reduce the ex-
pense in this item to a considerable extent.
" Plumbing, gas-fitting, and labor, $854 38.
" Indexing private claims, SI,000.
" P.ickmg-boxes, $593.
"Joint Committee on Retrenchment. $13,492 58.
"Joint Committee on Ordnance, §5.748 02.
" Joint Committee on Reconstruction, 326
" Impeachment of Andrew Johnson, §13,521 42.
" Miscellaneous items, §76,527 80.
"Of tbisamonnt, there was expended :
" For furniture and repairs, $32,030.
"For temporary clerks, messengers, and laborers,
$25,000.
"For ice, washing-towels and curtains, cleaning
carpets, soap, brushes, and combs, $0,500
"For contingent expenses ot committees includ-
ing witnesses, reporters, books, and map-, $5,500.
Over this item the Committee on Contingent
Expenses have exclusive control, and it is our
purpose for the year to come to reduce the
amount very largely.
I simply desire to say in conclusion that if
the Senate will stand by the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, and will not press upon lhe
Sergeant-at-Arms the employment of unneces-
sary men and unnecessary expenditure, we will
reduce the contingent expenses of the Senate
in the next year from fifty to one hundred
thousand dollars without any detriment to the
interests of the Senate.
The VICE PRBSl DENT. Reports of com-
