1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
miltees are still in order. This report will be
primed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word
on this sulije'-i.. 1 am very glad indeed that
the Committee on Contingent Expenses think
they will be able to reduce these expenses,
which I think ought to be reduced; but I rose
to make an inquiry of the Senator from New
Hampshire more particularly. Did I under-
stand the Senator from New Hampshire to state
in hid report that no page ecrald be employed
who was under thirteen years of age?
Mr. CRAG IN. That is according to the
resolution of the Senate passed in 1854.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that is a
mistake. Most of our pages, I should judge,
are not thirteen years of age; but they are very
nice young gentlemen. 1 should be sorry to
see (hem all discharged because they are not of
that age. I think that had better be changed.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 am entirely satisfied that
the smaller pages here are quite too young.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Change it to ten years
at any rate.
Mr. CRAGTN. We find this resolution on
•he Journal of the Senate, and it has never been
changed, and the committee see no reason to
suggest any ehange.
Mr. TRU.UBULL. According to that the
pages are to be from thirteen to seventeen years
of age.
Mr. CRAG IN. Thirteen at the time they
are appointed, and they are not to remain any
longer after they arrive at the age of seventeen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then they are almost
men. It strikes me—I do notknowhow other
Senators regard it—that boys ten years of age
for running around the room are more con-
venient in every respect and less in the way.
They sit on the steps around the desk. You
(lo not want boys seventeen years of age sitting
there. I think it a great deal better to have
tliera as young as ten years. I would move to
insert "ten" in place of "thirteen."
Mr. CRAG IN. That subject is wholly within
the control of the Senate.
Mr. TR U MB DLL. I move to strike out
thirteen" and insert ''ten."
Mr. CiiAGIN. This is not a new resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is not a
new resolution now before the Senate. It is a
resolution passed in 1854.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was re-
ported back this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is merely re-
ferred to as matter of information in the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from New Hampshire to change that to ten !
years.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope he will not doit.
Up to six years ago that resolution was en-
forced. We had eight pages instead of twenty,
lads of sixteen or seventeen, eaeh of whom
could do as much as three of the boys now
employed—young men who could be sent out
of the Senate lo do an errand as well as run
arouud over the floor.
ocean postage.
Mr. RAMSEY. Some time since the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. sum.veu] ad-
dre.-st-d a resolution of inquiry to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, looking
to a leduetion of postage. I have a communi-
cation from the Postmaster General, giving a
statement of present negotiations on that sub-
ject, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read the following com-
munication :
post office department.
w ashixoton, April 2.1869.
Sis: With reference to the resolution in favor of
ehea  oeemi postage, submitted to the benate by
Ml. Strain BB on the 20th uliim.>. and referred to the
Committee 011 Post Olliccs and Po^titoads, a. copy of
which you have transmitted to mc tor any lntorma-
tion 1 m:iy choose to communicate. 1 have the honor
to sun© that the efforts of this Department have tor
m oral years been *{>eci Uy directed to the nego-
tiation ol imjnovcd pogt&l conventions with Ureal
Biitain and countries on the continent ot .b a rope.
Thctie negotiations have resulted in the conclusion
of new conventions with Great Britain andtholvorth
German Union, respectiveb%reducinarates ui inter-
41st Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 34.
national letter postage to one half of those previously
charged, arid establishing raeaer.-ite ehurges apoti
printed matter of ali kinds, and other postal packets
exchanged in the mails with eacbot these countries.
'The single rate for letters between the United States
and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-
land was reduced from twenty-four to twelve cents,
and between the United States and the Horth Ger-
man Union, from thirty to fifteen cents, commencing
on the 1st of January, 1868. (the sea portion ot the
postage being eight cents per single rate, in eaeh
case.)
1?he negotiations opened with the French Govern-
ment for the same object are still in progress, and it
is hoped they may result in the conc.usion of an
improved p.stal arrangement with France, to come
into operation at th e commencement of the next year.
Liberal postal conventions, containing substan-
tially the same principles and provisions, concluded
with the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, and
Italy, respectively, have recently been oarried into
operation, under which reduced rates of postage have
been established to all parts of Europe and Asia;
and it will be the future policy of this Department,
as opportunities shall offer, to further reduce the
rates of postage and render more simple and uniform
the details governing the exchange of correspond-
ence with other countries.
The Question of the furth r redaction of the inter-
national letter-rate between this country and Great
Britain, reserved by article threeof the pr*8<-nt con-
vention foreonsideration at the expiration of twelve
months from its commencement, will com  up for
consideration and ne ion after the 1st of January
next, ard it is hoped that the British office may th n
be willing: to reduce tb e existing rate of letter-postage
to the lowest practicable standard.
X am. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
john a. j. creswelxj,
Postmaster General.
Horn. alexander ramsey, Chairman Committee on
i'ost Offices and Post ttoatfs, United States Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the communi-
cation be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire to make one remark
if 1 can get the attention of my friend, thp chair
man. 1 do not think our Post Office Depart-
ment has yet gone far enough in the direction
of cheap ocean postage. It may go further;
and it is within my knowledge now that there
is a strenuous effort making, especially in Eng-
land, to bring about what is there called '1 penny
ocean postage." If we could have on our side
a three-cent ocean postage it seems to me it
would be a great thing to accomplish; and I
hope the chairman of the committee will give
his best attention in that direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
PORTAGE LAKB SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. CH ANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 61) extending the time for the
completion of the Portage Lake and Lake Su-
perior ship-canal, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment. It will not take
more than tiiirty seconds to pass it, and I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to pass
it now. If Senators will allow it to be read I
am sure no one will object to it.
grossed for a third reading, was rgad the third
time, and passed.
railkoad is oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill indicated by me.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the bill?
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 94) to
amend an act entitled " An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, in Oregon,"
approved July 25, 1866.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have got some facts to
•resent with regard to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to its
being taken up if it is the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. WILLTAMS. After it is taken up the
Senator can present his facts, if he wishes, I
suppose.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in,
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend section
six of an act granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Central Pacific railroad, in California, to
Portland, in Onegon, approved July 25, 1866, so
as to allow any railroad company heretofore
designated by the LegislatureoftheStateofOre-
gon, in accordance with the first section of the
act, to file its assent to such act in the Depart-
ment of the Interior within one year from the
date of the passage of this act; and such filing
of its assent, if done within one year, is to
have the same force and effect to all intents
and purposes as if such assent had been filed
within one year after the passage of that act.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, Mr. President, to
obviate all possible objection to the bill, I pro-
pose an amendment. It seems to tue that
there can be no objection after that is adopted.
It is to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein shall impair any
rights heretofore acquired by any railroad company
under said act, nor shall said act or this amendment
be construed to entitle more than one company to a
grant of land.
Mr. CONKLING. If I can have the atten-
tion of the mover of this amendment I should
like to make a suggestion. 1 understand the
purpose of this amendment to be to save inter-
vening rights. 1 suggest to Uim that when this
i| matter was under discussion at the last ses-
;j sion it was insisted on the one side that certain
i1 persons were a company or corporation, and
ll on the other it was denied that in truth they
ii were so. Therefore I suggest to the Senator
that if he wishes even to any exient to i-are
■" — , " , o i • r  ill Hi ii u« \v i&iico ocu iu ««"„  . v.. w
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Lorn- ■; ]ug hg mig,u tQ modify tUe phraseology
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to eousidm- the
joint resolution. It proposes to extend the
time for the completion of the Portage Lake
and Lake Superior ship-eanal to the 3d day of
March, 1871.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
pout of entry at san diego
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce. to whom was referred the joint, resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 59) making San Diego, Cali-
fornia, a port of delivery, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it pass. I ask the Senate
to consider it now. It will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to create
San Diego, in California, a port of delivery in
the customs collection district of San tran-
eisco, and provides that the deputy collector
at that port shall receive the same salary as
other deputy collectors of the oistriet.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
of his amendment so as to provide that it shall
not cut off the rights of any railread company,
if that be the expression, or other party ; be-
cause if they intend to insist thatthesepersons
are not technically a corporation, they ought
not, by reason of that insisting, to be cut off,
if in truth it is the purpose of the Senator to
preserve in statu qus ali rights which raay have
vested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move to amend the amendment,?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I do, by insert-
ing the words "or other parties.''
Mr.'HOWARD. I beg to inquire what is
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill in
regard to a railroad in Oregon.  
Mr. HO WARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator from Oregon whether it is the bi|l for
the construction of a branch road to Puget
sound? ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; it does not relate
to that matter at all. Mr. President, the act
of Congress provides that the Legislative
Assembly of the State of Oregon shall desig-
nate a railroad company to take the benefits
of this grant, and no other person or parties
