1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the Senate in reply that I wish to present
tlm views of the opposite side of the question.
I am in duly bound to do that in justice to my
constituents. They depend upon me to rep
resent their interests. There are a number of
counties? on the west side of the river that are
vitally interested iu this road ; and if I am cut
off from making to the Senate an explanation
of the circumstances of the case by being de-
nominated as a tactician to preventthe passage
of the bill 1 do not think it exactly fair or
proper. I desire to state fully the circumstances
of the case so that the Senate may understand
what they are doing, and that I may be relieved
from responsibility if they pass the bill. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, if my colleague
would take pains to understand the bill he
would see that no rights whatever are affected
by its passage, and the matter that he has pre-
sented' to the Senate is as foreign to the merits
of the bill as would be a chapter from the
Book of Genesis. He has consumed nearly
an hour in the discussion of a matter that has
no connection whatever with the bill. The
rights of his railroad company are all preserved
by the bill: and he knows as well as I do that
the Secretary of the Interior refuses to recog-
nize either company, and that this grant will
be lost to the State unless there is some legis-
lation ; and it is simply the dog-in-the-manger
policy to say " Because I cannot get the grant
nobody else shall have it, and therefore the
Stare shall lose it.''
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. CORBIiTf. Will the Senator yield to j
me a moment? i
Mr. STEWART. I do not like to yield much j
longer. 1
Air CORBRTT. I merely wish to say that
I have no disposition to act the dog in the
manger. These parties believe that they are
justly entitled to this railroad grant, and that
this bill will virtually take away their rights.
If there is any imperfection in the railroad
grant or their organization they wish it to be
decided by the courts instead of by Congress,
and it is a judicial question which should be
referred to the judiciary.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (II. K. No. 6) for the protection of the
interests of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses. the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sherman1 to the amendment of
Mr Howard.
Mr. STEWART. I believe I have the floor.
I de.-ire to proceed, and I hope I may be able
to give a little more light in regard to the
Credit Mobilier. which seems to have excited
some curiosity. As the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] asked me yesterday who
they were. I have taken some little pains to
ascertain for his benefit and for the benefit of
the Senate. The very peculiar agreement that
was read at the desk yesterday alludes to the
Credit Mobilier as one of the parties to a cer-
tain agreement. 1 will read a portion of this
agreement that was read yesterday so as to
make it understood:
" It is further agreed that in ease any one ormore
of the parties hereto tails or neglects to perform and
st.nut to any of tbeagreements and covenants herein
contained that he shall not be entitled to or claim
any benefit or right under or by virtue of any of the
trusts or agreements contained in a certain memo-
randum ol agreement heretofore made and concluded
bv nnd between Oakks Ames, of North Easton,
Massachusetts, party of the first part, the parties
h 'rem parties of the se.ond part, and the Credit
< f America, a party of the third part, but
the said shares and proportion of the said party so
in del.iult shall became the property of and be
divided numm; tbe s.'id several remaining parties
for wlm.-e her.cfit said trusts in said agreement
arc declared."
The body of this agreement is an obligation
upon the part of 'hose who sign it that they
will vole Tor directors nominated by the exist-
ing dirtctors of the Union Pacific railroad,
and in case no nominations are made they will
vote to continue in office the same directors,
and in case they fail to do that they shall not be
benefited by what is contained in another agree-
ment which entitles them to some interest in the
Credit Mobilier. They are to lose their interest
in the Credit Mobilier i f they change the direct-
ors of the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
The object of that agreement may not be so
difficult of ascertainment when we take the list
of the Union Pacific directors and compare
them with the signersoftbisvery peculiar agree-
ment. The first name to the agreement is that
of Oliver Ames. Oliver Ames is one of the
trustees. The next name is that of John B.
Alley. John B. Alley is one of the trustees;
and so on each one of the signers of this docu-
ment is a trustee of the Union Pacific Railroad
Compauy. Each one stipulates and agrees that
he shall not share in the profits of the Credit
Mobilier unless he will vote for directors to be
nominated by the board of directors, and in
default of nomination to vote to continue the
board of directors ; and each one of these men',
seven in number, is a director of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company.
Now, as to who compose the Credit Mobilier,
it so happens that H. S. MeComb is one of the
signers of this agreement that was read yester-
day. He is also one of the directors of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. He is plain-
tiff in a suit pending in Pennsylvania against
the Credit Mobilier wit.h regard to certain
shares of stock in that company ; and he has
disclosed who are the trustees or managers of
ihe Credit Mobilier in bis complaint. From
his connection with the Pacific railroad and
with these private agreements he has all the
means of knowing what he states. The suit
is entitled—■
"HenryS. McComb vx. The Credit Mobilier of Amer-
ica, Sydney Dillon, John B. Alley, RolandG. Hazard,
Cna-ies H. Gllriskey, Oliver \\\ B irne-. Ttiomas
Rowland, Paul Pohl. jr., Oakks Ames. Charles H.
Neilson, Thomas C. Darant. James M. S. Williams.
Benedict Stewart, John Duff, and Charles II. Hall."
From this complaint by a person who is in a
secret agreement with them. and who is one of
the trustees of the Union Pacific railroad, we
find that three of the Credit Mobilier men are
trustees of the Union Pacific railroad—Sidney
Dillon, John B. Alley, and Thomas C. Durant.
This agreement was made between three par-
ties, the parties who signed it here, Oakes
Ames as another party, and the Credit Mo-
bilier as the third party. We find that Oakes
Ames is also one of the Credit Mobilier accord-
ing to this showing.
Now, as to the profits of this Credit Mobilier,
I suppose McComb must be a pretty good wit-
ness on that subject, and he makes a very en-
couraging showing to the stockholders. I will
read a portion of his complaint. It is not
material about his quarrel with them in regard
to shares of stock in the Credit Mobilier ; but
when he shows up the dividends, the profits, it
may throw some light on the transaction. In
paragraph six he says :
"The Union Pacific Railroad Company is a cor-
poration organized uuder an act of Congress, to which
your orator craves leave to refer. Or-dits, privi-
leges, powers, lands, and bonds in large and liberal
measure have been bestowed upon the said railroad
by Congress to the end that it may construct and
operate aline of railroad and telegraph from Omaha,
in Nebraska, westward to a point where it may con-
nect with another railroad coming east from the
Pacific coast. The Credit Mobilier of America, under
lawtul contracts and arrangements authorized by its
charter, has constructed nearly the whole of the work
up to this time bv or lor said railroad company, and
is bound by its agreements to do much more, lor
this work thesaid riilioad company has bound itself
to pay to the said Credit Mobilier a compensation
large enough to make the employment exceedingly
profitable. In conscience thereof, thesaid Crnrn
Mobilier has been able to divide atnony its snare-
holders dividends consisting of Union Pacific Kail-
road Company's bonds,Union Pacific Railroad Goin-
piny's stocks, and cash amoun ling in the aggregate to
seven hundred and fifty-two per cent, on thecapital
of the-said Credit Mobilier paid in, or $732 for each
,, share of $100. Xhereisstili a large surplus undivided
i] of profits already made, equal, as your oratorbo-
j! lieves, to at least five hundred percent, oi the capital,
i; and the saidcapitalitself. or any part thereof, has not
| been used or expended or lost m the business oi ilie
compauy."
M It has been doing a very safe busiucss, losing
j no part of its capital.
ii " The capitmi thesaid Credit Mo'hfiirrof America
is worth, and, as your orator believes, would sell in
anv market where its true value is known, for&t least
$500 per share ot $100."
The complaintgoes on to make a great vari-
ety of charges ; among other things it charges
that Oakes Ames holds three hundred and
forty-three shares as a secret trustee for per-
sons whose names do not appear on the books,
and the allegation is that he is distributing the
dividends among parties unknown. Mr. Mc-
Comb s.jys in his complaint:
" That the concession of the said three hundred
and lorfy-ihree shares to Oakes Ames as a secret
trustee tor persons notdesignated or named, and the
agreement of said Ames to hold the said shares for
the use of such unnamed persons, and all payments
of dividends or profits to them or to the said Ames
for their use are illegal, corrupt, in fraud of the
plaintiff's rights, of non-effect, and void.
" That the said Oak.es Auks holds, ha* held, and
shall hold the said three hundred and forty-three
shares in trust for the plaintiff, and to his the said
plaintiff's use."
Then, again, he uses the following language:
"And for further relief in this behalf your orator
prays that in case tbe defendants shall fail, refuse,
or be unable to make such specific restitution fully
and completely, it may be deereed and adjudged
against all the defendants, severally and jointly,
that they pay to him, the plaintiff, in iawfnl money,
the tult and entire value of the three hundred and
.seventy-five shares aforesaid, at the rate of $500 per
share, and also all the dividends and profitsthereon
which have accrued since the 3d day of Moreh, 1866,
which dividends and profits amount at this time to
the sum of $752 upon each share, and amount upon
the three hundred and seventy-five shares aforesaid
to the aggregate sum of $280,000."
Of course these are bat allegations in the
complaint; but the complaint is made under
oath by one of the trustees of tbe Union Pacific
Railroad Company—not by Fisk—in a suit
pending in Philadelphia. By the way, this
i complaint traces somewhat the history of the
I Credit Mobilier. It appears that it is an organ-
! ization gotten up in Pennsylvania some years
ago, and has a peculiar history. Bht that is
not material. Enough appears to show that
the trustees have made an arrangement with
this Credit Mobilier to share the profits of
these contracts. They have bound themselves
to continue the same regime in power; and
this being the case, I ask why the importance
of legislation to allow them to leave New York?
Do you propose to break these agreements ?
If not, when they get away from there they
must elect the same men or violate those agree-
ments.
But, Senators, one thing is very certain:
, the Credit Mobilier have got enough of this
j stock that they have issued since they obtained
t the management of the affairs of the company
! to control all elections. One of the managers
i of the Credit Mobilier testified before theCom-
! mittee on the Pacific Railroad that they had
made stock dividends amounting to some fifteen
million dollars. That appears to be in direct
violation of the spirit of the law allowing this
j company to be organized. Congress was very
Ii particular, in providing that the stock might be
' distributed, in requiring that the books should
| be kept open and that the stock should be
! subscribed for in money. I have before me a
j digest of the law. It was provided that the
j " books for subscription to the stock should be
; kept open for further subscriptions in New
• York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chi-
i cago, Cincinnati, and St. Louis, and other local-
! ities as should be directed, and of such places
j as should be designated by the President of
| the United States, until the entire capital
'i stock of $100,000,000 should be subscribed."
| It was intended that any person should be
; allowed to come in and participate. It- was
I intended to be entirely open for subscription
| to all the world. That was the law. If this
i subscription had been kept open in good faith,
! had not been closed and stock obtained by
! means of these inside " ringV the manage-
;■> ment of this company would not be in its pres-
ii ent condition, and we should not be called upon
: here to-day to place it upon wheels and scud it
ii over the country. The law further prescribes:
P " Such subscription only should be valid as should
i be accompanied with a payment por share, of hkp
i! su;u as had been paid in i?er share by the then exists
ii ing stock headers."
