5-34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
No rnan was to come in on better terms
than the original stockholders.
"Assessments should be made upon the stockhold-
ers of not leas than five dollars per share, and at
intervals of not exceeding six monihs, from July 1,
1864, uniil the par value should be fully paid."
Another condition of the law was, that —
"Money only should be received for any such
assessment or as equivalents ior any portion of the
capital stock."
The Senator from Michigan well recollects
that he guarded against these things ill the
organization of this company, and provided
that the people might subscribe, and required
that each subscriber should pay his money.
How have these men all this stock? By sub-
scribing a little, then closing the books, organ-
izing the Credit Mobilier, contracting with that
concern that it shall keep in power the present
directory, making contracts with that concern
whereby enormous profits are realized, and
making dividends in the stock of the company,
and thereby placing it oat of the reach of all
the world. With what have they bought up
this $16,000,000 of stock? With their own
money? No, sir; but with the bounty of the
Government.
Now, as to the cost of this road to Cheyenne,
five hundred miles, they receive $16,000 a mile
in Government bonds, $8,000,000; one hun-
dred and fifty miles from ihat place forward
they receive $48,000 a mile, $7,200,000. Say
they have gone four hundred miles farther—
they have gone more than that I believe—they
would have $12,000,000. They have had
$30,000,000 in round numbers of Government
bonds. 1 do not know the exact dista.nce they
have gone; but that is about the amount.
Thirty million dollars more of first mortgage
bonds would make $60,000,000. Then there
is all the stock of the company, which if sold
for the value fixed by the law, its par value,
would be $100,000,000. If sold for the value
tlmt Fisk pruposes to pay for it, fifty fiva cents
oil the dollar, it would be 855,000,000. Now
we have over one hundred million dollars be-
sides the land. How much is that worth? It
has not been estimated. This stock should
have sold for fifty-five cents on the dollar.
Men were willing to buy it at that. If Fisk
was willing to buy it at that they should have
sold it to him.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to the report of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company?
Mr. S TEW ART. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do it merely for the pur-
pose of showing the amount of capital stock
subscribed and actually paid in on the 30tli of
June, 1868. The report is regularly sworn to
by the president of the company. One of the
questions put to him in the original charter of
1862 is as follows:
"Thud. The amount of stock subscribed, and the
amount thereof actually paid in?"
That is one of the subjects on which the
company is required to report. His answer
to I hat. question is :
"Subi-'cripticns have ben received for one hun-
Uied.ajd iour thousand five hundred and forty-three
share.-, of a par value of *10,454,300, on which there
has been paid in $10,439,300.''
Not quite 811,000,000 have been paid in
upon the srock.
Mr. STEWART. Not quite $11,000,000
have been paid in on the stock, and how many
millions of stock are there? The stock is pretty
much absorbed. The stock, first mortgage
bonds. Government bonds, and the lands must
have been worth $150,000,000. Suppose they
l>a\e built one thousand miles of road. It
"ould not have cost over $40,000 a mile, and
th^re you would only have an expenditure of
840,000,000. There is no doubt that this has
been a piofitable transaction. There is fifty
or sixty million dollars of gain somewhere.
It is r.ot to be wondered at that these little
fellows, who thought they had a good thing
and got crowded out, should be bringing law-
suits, should be complaining. But suppose
there had been no Credit Mobilier organized ;
suppose the Union Pacific road had kept its
books open and allowed the country to subscribe
wheu people saw that it was to be a good thing;
suppose that at the time it was ascertained by
survey that they had a thousand miles of level
plain to work upon these books had been
opened, as the law required, and each one of
the citizens of the United States allowed to
come in with his $100 and get a share, do you
not believe that the stock would have been
taken up? Do you not believe that it would
have been one of the richest companies in the
United States? Do you not believe that it
would have paid its first mortgage bonds? Is
there any doubt that in that case the lien of
the Government would have been good? In-
stead of that the thing is a close corporation;
and in order to prevent the world from partici-
pating in these proceedings and to conceal
them, the Credit Mobilier is organized; enor-
mous contracts are made for one hundred or
two hundred per cent, more than the actual
cost; dividends are made in stock, and obliga-
tions are made with those persons receiving
these stock dividends that they will not change
the directory of the road.
1 say that all these proceedings are in direct
violation oi the spirit and intention of the gen-
erous law. Does any one suppose that the
railroad bill would Iiavepassed if all these facts
had been known? Would it have passed if it
had been known that this road was to be con-
structed over a thousand miles of comparative
plain, and that the amount of subsidy was twice
as great as was necessary? Would it have
passed if it had been known that there would
be an organization in the State of Pennsylva-
nia known as the Ciedit Mobilier, and that the
trustees of the Union Pacific railroad were to
get charge of that organization, that they were
to makecontraets with themselves as the Credit
Mobilier and as the trustees of the Union
Pacific railroad whereby there should be such
enormous profits that they could make stock
dividends to any extent and perpetuate their
power, and endanger not only the completion
of the road, but endanger the lien of the Gov-
ernment? '
Let it be understood how the Government
stands in this matter and whatinterests we have
to protect. The Government hasa second mort-
gage on the road. The assets of the company
ought to be good. That second mortgage ought
to be good ; and if the assets of the company
had not been squandered the second mortgage
would be an absolute security. Suppose that
this stock had been held in the market, and it
was ascertained that they had a large surplus
and were able to make dividends to the stock-
holders, do you think there would be any
doubt about the Government lien? But in-
stead of that what do we have here ? We have
the Government directors telling us that so far
as they have gone in their examination it will
require $6,000,000 to complete the road ; and
since that report was made the company have
stretched out for a long distance and got more
bonds.
It is alleged that the Credit Mobilier has
got all of the substance of this company. It
is further alleged, 1 do not know upon what
authority, that this company are absolutely
making contracts ahead whereby they are
encumbering the road still further. What can
be their purpose but to allow the first mort-
gage to be foreclosed and the lien of the Gov-
ernment forever destroyed ? Can we stand by
and justify such things? Can we allow them
to occur ? Shall we not be held responsible
if they do occur?
As I said yesterday, if there is to be any
election of directors let the Government have
something to say in that election. Let Gen-
eral Grant appoint the directors and take
charge of the road until the facts are ascer-
tained. He appoints five Government direct-
ors; but they are in a woful minority. Let
him appoint Government directors who have
no interest and no connection with the road.
If these people want to get out of the hands of
Fisk or Barnard let them do it in that way
and nobody will object, confidence will be re-
stored, and this scandal will be removed. Bnfr
can Congress now giv« them a chance to per-
petuate this scheme? Why, sir, the elw.uou
is a farce. It is simply tarrymu oui il > < >u
traetand arrangement with the Credit Mob.
It is no election.
A great deal has been said against .!ti<
Barnard ; but what great sin has be counm-i,-,
in this case ? Here is a complaint that
filed lastJuly and it has not been answered ve .
There has been no great hurry about thw thing.
It would be very gratifying to the eountiy to
have the propositions set forth in thu corn
plaint answered. As to Fisk, 1 think perhaps
he is all that they say of him. 1 have no apol-
ogies to make for him ; but 1 should like to see
the complaint answered and know where the
assets furnished by the Government have gone,
not for the benefit of Fisk, but for the benefit
of the United States, and see wbat is left. I
should like to see the thing sifted. At all
events, it does not seem to me that the Central
Pacific have made a case entitling them to fur-
ther legislation from Congress.
Now, as to the other branch of this ease, as
to where the two roads shall join, I had com-
menced to discuss that last evening, but did
not reach the point. I had commenced to say
that it sbojld be determined by the law of tha
case in the first instance; that the law, what-
ever it is, if there is any absolute law on the
question, should govern. But before relying
on the absolute law, which I propose to argue
and show that this is a fixed matter of law. and
cannot be changed—and I expect to demon-
strate that beyond a peradveuture—I again call
the attention of the Senate to the situation of
the two companies. The Union Company, as
I have already stated, had an unexpectedly
convenient line on which to build their road,
an easier line than was anticipated. It was
supposed that they had to cross a huge range
of mountains, but fortunately for them and for
the country they found a comparative plain on
which to run their road. I think that is a
remarkably fortunate circumstance. It made
it easier for them, and made it possible for
them to extend their road very rapidly. The
Central Pacific Company, on the other hand,
did not meet with so fortunate a route. They
met what was expected, the Sierra Nevada
mountains, and they crossed them after three
years of great labor and great expense. They
not only crossed them, but they housed their
road, so that they have run this entire winter
with very slight exceptions. While they were
upon the mountains the Union Pacific were
building along the Platte, the smoothest ground
in the world, for some five hundred miles.
They were working for distance. When the
Central road crossed the Sierra Nevadas, then,
of course, a race commenced, as was perfectly
natural. It would have been very strange,
after the Central Company had stayed in the
mountains as long as they did, and had seen
the Union Pacific Company in the plain, and
that they were likely to have much obstruction,
if they bad not imitated the example to some
extent of the Union Pacific Company. They
did so, and entered into the race. The race
has bean a lively one. In some respects it has
been beneficial to the country. It has facili-
tated the construction of the road. In other
respects it has been very prejudicial, because
we have not got as good a road as we otherwise
should-have had. But the race has gone for-
ward, and now it is said there is a conflict with
regard to the point at which they shall meet.
1 do not think that there is any conflict as a
matter of law, as I shall hereafter attempt to
show. I am certain there ought not to be, as
a matter of common justiee, because theUuion
Pacific have got a large distance of road more
than the Central Pacific in any event. If the
Union Pacific stop at Ogden their road will be
several hundred miles longer than the Central
Pacific. . They have got the most of the road ;
they have got the profitable end of the road ;
and it would be but just that the Central Pacific
should come to Ogden, where I believe it is
admitted on all hands you will have access to
