536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Bryan Station, Wyoming Territory,
March 10,1809.
To the Editor of the Chicago Tribune:
Bestdentsof the Pacific coast and the eastern slope
of the continent have ior years looked f rwardwith
extreme interest to the completion of a railroad
uniting the cities of both.
Congressional aid was asked and extended with a
liberality unequaled by any Government, and a sub-
sidy granted to the Central Pacific aud the Union
Pacific railroads of $48,000 per mile for three hun-
dred miles, and $32,0u0per mile for the remainder,
except some seven miles out from Sacramento, when
the subsidy was $40,000 per mile—the right to issue
first mortgage bonds for a like amount, and every
alternate ten miles of the public lands on each side
of the road, its whole extent—an aggregated value,
including first mortgago bonds, of over two hundred
million dollars.
Formontbfcwe have been pleased to learn, through
the telegraphic columns of the press, the rapid prog-
ress made by both the eastern and western com-
panies, and by highly-colored, gaudy, and flaming
posters and advertisements thatpasscngers and mails
were conveyed in eleven days from San Francisco to
New York. Would it were so, or even an approxi-
mation to this. Already have the undersigned been
from two weeks to one month on the road to roach
this point, without any reasonable expectation of
getting through in as many more.
We. the undersigned, passengers from California
and Nevada, with one exception, purchased through
tickets from the agents of theUnion Pacific Railroad
Company from ten to eighteen days after the road
had been closed, and, as there was no interruption to
the telegraph line, must have been daily known to
the said agents, and we claim that the sale of these
tickets was a Iraud and imposition upon the pur-
chasers, who at the time of purchasing those tickets
were not notified of any detention upon the road;
and, furthermore, it w,is only on our near approach
to Salt Lake, aud only alter our arrival at Salt
Lake, that we learned the astounding news that
there had not been « mailor passengertftiin through
for over throe weeks—the telegraph linesuppressing
all facts in the case and the agents continuously de-
irauding the public by selling through tick«ts and
withholding the facts. On Monday, March 8, thefirst
passengers and a portion of the mail reached Salt
Lake, having been detained twenty-four days at
Cheyenne. The stages from Salt Lake to Wasatch,
a distance of twenty-five miles, occupied twenty-
four hours, the road being very heavy.
Ar Wasatch we wore detained thirty-six hours,
and then they would not send us by apassenger train,
or give us a passenger car, though there were enough
passengerstofiil one, but, evidently to annoy, obliged
us to take a caboose ear, hifcht d on t  a freight train
stationed at least one fourth ofa mile from thedepot
where we were crowded togethe* like cattle, and to
which tbey obliged tho passengers—uien, women,
and children—to walk and transport their own bag-
gage, after chaiging extra for all over twenty-five
pouuds "f baggage,and even weighing blankets and
overcoats.
We left Wasatch at noon, reached Bryan station
at midnight, and were charged one dollar each for
sleeping on the floor, furnishing our own blankets,
while the company had a large unoccupied room
with a stove in it at thestation-house. By much ex-
postulation the following day we were again per-
muted to take a freight train caboose car, to which
we were again obliged to carry our baggage, full one
halt a mile, and were even more ■ rowded than the day
provious; and it was not for want of cars, but a clear
indisposition on the part of the superintendent of
the road to extend to us the common courtesies and
decencies due to travelers. We reached Rawliug
Springs at uiidmjy t.
The ladies lor two days and nights were obliged to
sit crtinned up on the baggage without fire. The
last conductor, seeing that all could not, have seats,
required another caboose car, but was reiused. The
passengers bound west, whom we met at Salt L ike,
without excep'ion, were uuilorm in their denuncia-
tions of rlie manag- m^nt, or want of management,
by the officials of the Union Pacific railroad, from
the hight>t to the lowest, ou the joute, with a few
honorable exceptions. More especially did they
chaige utt -r unfitness on the superintendent of the
Laramie division; that his daily statement to them
of the condition of the road aud the number of men
employed to keep it open and work on tho load had
no foundation in tact, and that when offered dist-
ance by the superintend'-nt of the division west he
replied that he could take care of his own road. The
last passengers through who reached Wasatch aswe
were leavmg, Jad'es and gentlemen, charge drunk-,
enness on the engineer, and drunkenness and inso-'
Jen?o on the conductor. Passengers who left Wa-
satch six hours before us charge drunkenness on tho
engineer, conductor, and brakemen.
The officers in the employ of the company and the
workmen on the i oadopenlystatethatioi nearlhreo
mouths the men have not been paid, and that
there h genera! dissatisfaction and demoralization
throughout that cud of tbe road.
The railroad track from Eeh'i up to this point and
beyond has mostly been built since frosty weather
and ;_s far west as it has beep constructed the road-
bed, if bed it can be called, is made up of ico, snow,
and frozen eart h, on which ties are huriiedly pluced,
and on these the iron.
# The road-bed, wherever there is an embankment,
ism many places so narrow that the ties overlap the
earthwork, which, when subjected to the dissolving
agency of spring weather, will mostly disappear;
that the bridge crver this route are mere temporary
Btruetwes, wholly unsafe and un^t forth? transport-
ation of passengers. But a few days sinoo an engine
tender (wo were told) broke down the bridge over
which we passed at Green river. At present the up-
rights of this bridge are simply braced with one and
a half inch stuff, nailed or spiked to the uprights-
They speak of most frequent collisions as having
occurred on theroad, and under the present manage-
ment, when spring opens, floods come, and the road-
bed thaws our, we can but believe that human life
will be very insecure, and the road simply an elon-
gated human slaughter-house, in phico of the safe,
substantial, and weil-built road which the public
had good reason to expeat from the munificcnt
appropriation made by Congress.
We, the undersigned, believethatthe plain, truth-
ful causcs of theunusual and uncalled-for detention
of passenger* and mails over this route are: first,
absolute unfitness and incapacity of some of the
division superintendents on this road, and of cither
a want of workmen or an absolute indisposition to
employ them at fair wages, and this is certainly the
opinion of all the passengers with whom we have
conversed who had been delayed on the eastern ead.
We find that while those having the direction and
management of the Central Pacific railroad over the
storm-clad Sierra (where there is of ttimes twenty feet
of snow) spare no efforts or laboror expense to keep
open their track, where all is under order and good
management, we find directly the opposite on tho
Union Pacific railioad, where, at most, only a few
inches of snow has fallen.
There certainly has been no provision made against
storms or delays on this route, and but one anxiety
on the partof ttiedirectors, to wit: to lay their track
as fast as possible without auy regard to permanency
and in tho most hum d manner, that tht>y may
sccure the princely public subsidy, equal to Sj>64,000
per mile, besides millions in public lands. During
thedelay of the passengers at this point, agentleman
irom the East, knowing their anxiety, wished to
telegraph his family the cause ot his delay, but on
presenting his telegram at tueoffice he was informed
that they had positive orders not to foiward any
such telegrams, though tue^entleman offered to pay
double price. One ot our company, a gentleman
from Grass Valley, California, who with is wife,
on hunting east to visit a dying parent, wished to
telegraph, but was refused under the plea that they
did not know what rate to charge. What grosser
wrong than this ou travelers is on record? The
simple truth is they have muzzled the telegraph,
and think by such transparent wrong to k^ep truth
and facts fiom the knowledge ot tue public. Ono
geutlemau having a wile aud two chdcLen going
west fctates • U t his extra expenses had been over
one thousand five hundred dollars, and several whom
he met at Salt Lake stated theirs atSoOJeach. Many
of the passenger*, as stated to us, alter exhausting
their last dollar tor provisions, were obliged to work
or starve, and were promised two dollars per day
and double price for Suuday work, who labored but
could not get pay fur their Suuday work; iu plain
English, were eh- ated out ot it.
Some of the undersigned, having hundreds of dol-
lars lor incidental expenses on theroad, have ex-
hausted every dollar and are dependent on strangers.
We left Kawhng's station at eleven a. m. on the
13th instant, reaching Laramie at nu.e p. m. Here
we were told that we must remain until morning.
Tne sleeping-car, filled with ladies, children, and
gentlemen, was switched off on a side track, which
was at such an angle as almost to preclude tu« possi-
bility ut sleep, the occupants ot which were awakened
at. four o'clock—though the cars did not leave until
eight—of a dark, cold, wintry morning, the air filled
with drilling snow, and told that they must walk to
the cars, which were ready to start, without even a
lamp to guide them or au employ^ to direct them,
but must hunt their way as best they could; and
delicate mothers, with babies in their arms, and
children were obliged to walk through the suow aud
atonu full one hall a mile.
After leaving the Laramiedivision.fromCheycnne
east to Omaha we found tlie road-bed good, tne cars
excellent aud cleanly, the speed high—averaging
twenty-six miles per hour ior five hundred and sev-
enty-three miles, the men and officers attentive to
their several duties, and the conductors gentlemen ;
and we send especial thanks to Conductor Wheeler
for his courtesy.
P. W. Murray,
11.11. Leonard,wife, and
two cuildrc.j,
Samuel W. Wilkowsky,
James Smiley,
John B. Kuhn,
William ivy,
O. M. W tnte,
II. D. Reynolds,
G. 0. Woolcocks,
J.H. Choc,
E. Coleman and wife,
Christian F. Worlf,
Tnomas B. Fagan,
T. L. Davies,
F. D. Gr. Shurdoo,
John Kiver.
Alfred JSverson,
Edwin II. Borden,
T. F. Fwatheivstouo,
E. P. Sawtell,
G. R. Smiley,
li. 11. Bernard,
J. D. Hill,
J. 1). Scott,
D. G. Davis,
Mary Marks,
Cuilter,
George S. Haskell,
Charles Webber.
P. xVicCarty,
John Jttaushausen,
Charles Polley,
Wilhelm Stations,
L. B. Lean,
G. M. Wheeler,
Hany R. Horr,
Thomas Richards,
Dan. Carroll,
P. Boyle,
H. W. Marvel),
David P. Rankin,
John S. Burnett,
H. C. Hastings,
C. W. llagedou,
E. Armstrong,
W. J. Riley,
Christian Daniel,
D. Ervins,
C. Shepperd.
Fifty names signed, some ot whom have been
delayed thirty-five days.
Mr. STEWART. 1 h-tve had that letter read
for the purpose of showing that the Union
Pacific road have allowed a few' inches of Snow
to block up the path, for the purpose of show-
ing their want ot' energy, for the purpose of
showing that they have sacrificed ever)thing
in order to make distance. 1 think the fact
that the Central Pacific road have built ihirry
miles of house over a portion of their lino,
where the snow falls four or five times deeper
than on the Union line, is a matter to be
taken into consideration. 1 think we should
consider the manner of building the road, the
manner of conducting it, and of keeping it
open for travel. Our mails have not been as
regular this winter as they were before the
Pacific railroad was built. The mails from
Nevada on this side of the snow, where you
cannot say they were stopped on the Sierra
Nevada, forthere have been no stoppages there
of any account except for a few days, have
been detained from thirty to forty and fifty and
sixty days this year. There have been no
mails now for a week or two. We are told
that it is because the Union Pacific road is
blocked up with snow. The fact is they sent
their material ahead to get distance before the
snow is cleared. When the road is open at
all they use it in sending material, but spend
none of their force in keeping the road open
and accommodating the public. They have
deprived us of mails this year. I have had no
mails from the Pacific for eight, or ten da>s.
They have only come through once or twice this
winter. When the old stage line used to run
we got them much more regularly than we do
now. It may be said that this has nothing to
do with the merits of the case ; but it shows the
good faith of the respective companies. Tliey
say the Central Pacific company is going to
prevent thein from having a road. Let them
get their road equipped; let them be prepared
to meet the Central ; let them be prepared to
run their road regularly ; let, thein digout their
tunnel; let them go with an equally good road
to Ogden, and (here is no doubt that the Ct-niral
road will be there first, as everybody knows.
Let both companies have a chance at the trade
)f Salt Lake. Let the Central road have a
chance to come to coal. Let the Central road
have what the law has given K> the Central.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to present an amendment to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan, and have it read for information ?
Mr. STEWAB l\ Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that there is an amendment pending
to the amendment offered by the Seuator from
Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to have my proposed
amendment read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to insert as au additional sec-
tion the following:
And be it further resolved, That the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United Sr<ttes be, and tie i& hereby, au-
thorized and directed to investHgate whether' r not
t lie charter and all the franchises of the Union Pacific
Rai|road Company have not been forfeited, nod to
institute the necessary and properlega! proceedings ;
also to investigate whether < r not said company has
or hasnotmadennyiUegaldividends upon itsstuck,
and if so to institute the necessary proceeding" to
have the same reimbursed; and aiso to investigate
whether any of the directors or any other agents or
employes of said company have or not violated any
penallaw, and if so to institute the proper critniuat
proceedings against alt persons who havo violated
such law.
ThePRKSIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not now in order.
Mr. STEWART. That is a very proner
amendment, and I hope it will be adopted
when the time comes for its presentation, f'hat
would be an effort to protect the interests of
the United States. That is the plea upon
which this resolution is pressed—to protect
the interests of the United States. in the
present condition of affairs 1 think we had bet-
ter have the company investigated and ascer-
tain whether they are under obligation to con-
tinue the old board of trustees, and simply
want to get away from Fish because Fisk wants
a partof the profits, and the old trustees will
be continued in the same manner because they
have solemnly agreed to do so. Oakeb Amks
