1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
5BT
and all the rest of" them agree that these old
trustees shall remain in, and all there is in
this resolution is to enable them to run away
from Fi<-k In-cause lie says that he is entitled
to part <>!' the profits. And that, we are told,
is in the iri'erfsr of the United States? The
oilier (iropt sitions are in the interest and in
pursuance of the agreements and stipulations
:m<l arrangements that we have darkly hinted
at. wi'ltoiit much knowledge, of course. We
have had to go in the dark. 1 think the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has struck the key-note to
the remedy.
Mr. THAYER.' I should like to ask theSen-
ator from Nevada, and I will also address the
inquiry to the Senator from Kentucky, if they
will object to including the Central Pacific
Railroad Company in that scope of inquiry?
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. THAYER. I am a little surprised that
it is omitted; that the Union Pacific road
seems to be singled out generally as the object
of attack.
Mr. DAVIS. I will certainly consent to the
amendment suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Nebraska. The reason why I did
not include the other company was that i heard
no complaint made against it.
Mr. THAYER. I will say to my friend from
Kentucky, if my friend from Nevada shall
close his speech this side of the grave, [laugh-
ter,] that 1 can give him complaints enough in
regard to the operations of the Central Pacific
company. And now while 1 am on the floor,
as I have not interrupted the Senator from
Nevada, I will ask him if he has heard of any
blockades of snow in Nevada during the past
winter? He seems to forget that, and to con-
fine his investigations and remarks to the block
ades on the Union Pacific.
Mr. STEWART'. When the Senator gets
through with nis questions 1 will reply to him.
Mr. THAYER. One question is, if he does
not know that the Central road has been block-
aded ten days this winter and thirty days in
succession last winter? If he does not know
it I state the fact.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Nevada
allow me one single word? I will remark to
my honorable friend from Nebraska that I am
for detecting all thieves and having them pun-
ished if possible. I do not care who they are
nor what number they are, or how much wealth
they have. The greater the number and the
more wealthy they are the more anxious I am
to have thetn revealed and punished.
Mr. STEWART. I see the anxiety of my
sanguine triend from Nebraska that I should
conclude my remarks. 1 expect I have been
telling him some very unpleasant truths. I will
inform him that 1 shall conclude after awhile,
but not until I get ready. 1 hope that having
been a soldier, accustomed to hardships, he can
endure something of the truth.
Mr. THAYER. Certainly, I have strength
to endure to the end and will exercise it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
endure to the end; but the chances, I am
at'iaid. aie against him.
Now. as to the snow on the Sierra Nevada
mountains, my information is that there was
but four days interruption of snow, and that
was in consequence of about a quarter of a mile
of the snow-shed not. being completed. The
stoppage for through trains was nine days, but
that occurred in this way ; Crystal Lake, on the
mountains, had been dammed up for the pur-
pose of raiding fish. A very high dam had been
bu>h ; and in the winter that broke away and
took away one of the culverts, and it took some
dtiys to replace that. The trains did not stop,
however. They ran from each side of it, and
passengers and freight were carried over. But
a few yards were carried away by this accident.
This occurred at, the same time that they had
a difficulty with the snow. The detention was
for time days that the curs did not run through,
but u whs only four days that, the mails or pas-
st-nirers weie detained, or even all ordinary
light freight. That is  11 the detention there
was during the whole winter, as I am informed
by gentlemen from there who know all about
it. 1 have noticed several sensational tele-
graphic dispatches on- the subject since this
controversy commenced. You see these special
dispatches in the Chronicle every morning; but
if yon could go and see the work you would
see that they must have been manufactured in
Washington. No complaint was made against
the Central road that I ever heard of, here or
elsewhere, until this controversy about where
the two roads should meet commenced, and
then we hear a great flourish of trumpets.
The Senator talks about attacking the Union
Pacific road. I do not attack the Union Pa-
cific road. I am simply attacking any com-
pany that violates its faith or its trust: and I
am here to defend any company that will com-
ply with the law. I defy any man to show that
there was any violation of law in the Central
Pacific Company going forward atid asking for
bonds for a road partially completed under the
law ou the approved line. They are entitled
to them. The law is simply that neither com-
pany can have any road except by getting a
line approved by the Secretary of the Interior.
That is the first requirement. When that line
is approved, then it becomes a common line
for each. The object of requiring this approval
was to bring them together. Then each may
build on the line within the law, and each may
go three hundred miles in advance of its con-
struction, and if it gets possession of it, it holds
it against the other. That was the objection I
made. Said I to the Union people at the time,
" The company may go three hundred miles in
advance." Very well. It is very proper that
they should, and if they can get possession of
the road, of course they will hold it. They are
entitled to have partial payment on it, and of
course they will hold it.
This attempt to impeach a location made by
the consent and approval of the Secretary of
the Interior by ex parte statements and ex
parte affidavits is like impeaching the solemn
judgment of a court in the same manner. For
all purposes of this case the Secretary of the
Interior was a judge. He exercised judicial
funations. He was to consent and approve
the line as it progressed ; and when he did
that each company was entitled to the line
approved, and each company was entitled to
possess three hundred miles of it in advance
of the construction. There is no doubt about
the legal rights. If the Senator from Nebraska
wants to discuss the equitable rights, if he
wants to discuss the general question, if he
wants to discuss the Credit Mobilier, if he
wants to go largely into those subjects, we will ,
travel with him for several days to come in
that delightful region. I do not wish to oc- 1
cupy the time of the Senate at any length. I
have never been in the habit of talking unless
I thought I had something to say ; but every
gentleman is to judge of how much he has to
say, and when and how to say it. Having said
this much I yield the floor. Perhaps I shall
have other suggestions to make with the per- I
mission of the Senator from Nebraska. |
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The quee- j
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from j
Ohio [Mr, Sherman*] to the amendment of the :
Senator from Michigan. [Mr. Howard,] upon ;
which the yeas and nays have been ordered, j
Mr. C0NKLINTG. What is the amendment !
to the amendment?
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, under
consideration is to amend the second section
of the amendment, reported 1:>y the committee
by striking out, in line four the words ^ upon
the general route already approved ' and
inserting ''according to the legal rights of the
respective roads."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 43, nays 6 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard. Bore-
man, Browulow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Chand-
ler. Cole, Coukling, Corbett, Cragiu, Fenton, i'essen-
deu. Fowler, tiiibeit, Uauiiiton. Hnmliu, Harlan,
Harris, Morrill, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Rai.ii>ey,
B-obertsoni Ross, Bavryijr, Soaurr, iSsutt., sherman,
Spencer, Stockton, Snmner, Thayer, Thurman, Tip-
ton. W sirner.Wi lley. Williams, W11-on. a nil Y at es.—43.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Davis, Howard, McDonald, Nor-
ton, Nye, and Osboru—6.
ABS£'\:T—Messrs. Bucking-ham, Casserly, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Grimes, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery,
Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Saukbury, Sprague, Stewart,
Trumbull, and Vic-kers—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us now hear the
second section as it will stand with the amend-
ment adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. Thesection, asameuded,
reads:
And be it further resolved* That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to tix the
point of junction of the Union Pacific railroad and
the Central Pacific railroad according to the legal
right-! of the respective roads; and tor that purpose
he is authorized, if he deem* it expedient, to appoint
a board of eminent citizens, not exceeding five in
number, and who shall not be interested in either
road, to examine and report upon the proper point
of junction, and also as to the condition of each of
said roads, and what sum or sums, if any, will be re-
quired to complete eaeh ot said roads to th" Ipoiut
of junction as a first-class railroad, in compliance
with the several acts relating to said roads; and the
expense of such board, including an allowance of
ten dollars to each for their services for each day
employed in such examination or report, to be paid
equally by said companies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky now moves to amend the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to modify my amend-
ment by iuserting the proper names of both
the companies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky modifies his amendment by
inserting the names of both companies. The
Secretary will report it as soon as the modifi-
cation is made.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And be it further resolved. That the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States be, and he is hereoy, au-
thorized and directed to investigate whether or not
the eharter and all the franchises of the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company and of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company hav-e not been forfeited, and to
institute all necessary and proper legal proceedings :
also to investigate whether or not said companies
have or have not made any illegal dividends upon
their stock, and if so to institute the necessary pro-
ceedings to have the same reimbursed : and also to
investigate whether any of the directors or auy other
agents or employes of said companies have or have
not violated any penal law, and it so to institute the
proper criminal proceedings against all persons who
have violated such laws.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask now whether it wotjld
be in order for me to offer an amendment to
section two of the amendment which I offered
! on Saturday ?
| The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
! in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose to strike out all
after the word •' that," in line one, down to
the word "'what," in line nine, as follows:
The President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized to fix the point of j auction of the Union
Pacific railroad and the Central Pacific railroad
according to the legal rights ol the respective roads,
and for that purpose he is authorized, it'he deems it
expedient, to appoint a board of eminent citizens,
not exceeding live in number, and wtio shall not be
interested iu tituer road, to examine and report
upon theproper point ot.iunetion.aud also as to the
condition of each of said roads, and.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
G-enerals George H. Thomas, Irvin McDotvell,
Henry \V. Ilalleck, E. R. S. Oanby, and Thomas J.
Cram, be. and they are hereby, constituted a board
of commissioners with authority to fix and establish
the point of juneti§n of the Union Pacitic_ railroad
and the Central Pacific railroad of California, which
point ot junction shall b® on the line already ap-
proved and consented to by the Secretary ui the
■ Interior, whieh board shall report to the Secretary
of the Interior such point ot junction, and shall also
report.
i 1 hope this amendment will be adopted by
i the Senate, I do not think it worth while to
I cast upon the President of the United States
