1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
United States say where this terminus sball be.
'' Build your road, gentlemen, upon the line
that you have established, build it in accord
ance with the requirements of law, and where
ever you meet tliere shall be the terminus of
the road—right there, whether upon the mount-
tain side or upon the sandy desert, there is
your terminus. Thus says the law, and by
that you shall be governed."
Mr. ABBOTf. 1 desire to make a motion
that the Senate take a recess from four until
half past seven o'clock, in order to consider
the bill reported by the committee to remove
disabilities. It is very necessary that it be
done to day. I move, with the permission of
the Senator from Nevada, that the Senate
take a recess from four until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. With the understanding
that no other business this evening is to be
done, I take it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any such
understanding at this stage of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
a recess is in order, but the understanding will
require unanimous consent. Business will pro-
gress this evening coutingent on the afternoon
session unless it be otherwise ordered by unan-
imous consent-
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to suggest that it is
well enough nowa-days when general business
is to be done in the Senate to have a quorum
or a likelihood of a quorum. If we are to know
what the business is that is to be considered
we can judge whether it is safe to intrust it to
the hazards of an evening session. If, on the
eomrary, we are not to know, and business is to
compete with business for consideration, then
I object to an evening session, and shall vote
against it. I do not think it is safe or right.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we are to have an
evening session, to which I have no objection,
we should go into executive session for a few
minutes now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say, with the
leave of my friend from Nevada, that after
considering this matter I have prepared an
amendment which 1 believe will be satisfactory
and avoid the contest between these two rail-
roads, and at the same time preserve the public
interests and put this bill out of the way so as
to clear the docket for to-morrow.
Mr. N YE. I have no objection to hearing it.
The V ICE PRESIDEN 1'. The Senator from
North Carolina has made a motion in regard
to a recess.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I trust the motion of the
Senator from North Carolina will prevail. No
Senator can ever excuse himself, in my judg-
ment, for any measure that is passed by the
Senate in his absence, on any implied consent
or agreement as to the business that is to come
before the body. It seems to me that when-
ever this body assembles it is not only import-
ant, but it is the duty of those who desire to,
check that sort of legislation which is inimical
to the public interests to be present. They
cannot excuse themselves by any absence or
any understanding as to what may be before
the body. The session is drawing to a close ;
there are a great many measures pressing upon
the body ; and nothing that is implied would
or could ill my judgment prevent their con-
sideration at any meeting. The importance
of this measure must be conceded by my friend,
thp Senator from New York, as it is to relieve
individuals in thesouthern States of that which
they deem to bean oppression; and it seems
to me that it should be the first duty of Con-
gress wherever they can relieve the individual
ot any feeling of that character. I trust, there-
fore. the measure proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina will receive the consideration
and assent of the Senate.
Tht-VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina moves that the Senate take a
recess from four o'clock to half past seven
o'clock.
Air. CONKLING. Without any understand-
ing '/
Mr. STEWART, I hope the Senator will
modify it so that the business referred to by the
Senator from North Carolina, and no other,
shall he considered in the evening.
The VICE PRESIDf NT. That will require
unanimous consent.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
The VICE PRES1D ENT. Without a for-
mal postponement of this business for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill referred to this will
remain the business nless set aside by a
majority vote of the Senate or by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I hope we shall not
take a recess.
Mr. POMEROY. Tb -te cannot be an un-
derstanding so near the ::lose of the session.
If we have an evening session we must con-
sume the evening on something.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall meet
at seven o'clock instead of half past seven.
Mr. ABBOTT. I so modify the motion.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Chair to state
the question again.
The VICE PRESIDE* , The motion is
that the Senate take a recess from four until
seven o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
by making it from half past four o'clock, so
that we can have an executive session long
enough to do some business.
Mr. ABBOTT. I accept that or any modi-
fication so as to get the consideration of the
disability bill this evening.
Mr. STEWART. You will get no consid-
eration of it, because this is to go on.
Mr. ABBOTT. I accept the Senator's
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
done by unanimous consent, or the vote of the
Senate setting aside the pending business and
proceeding to some other business. The mo-
tion now is to take a recess from half past
four to seven o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say particularly
to my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] who is evidently in a hurry to dispose of
this railroad question 
Mr. WILSON. I beg the Senator's pardon.
He has no right to make such an assertion.
Mr. CONKLING. I heard the Senator say,
I thought, twice that we ought to have an
evening session and go on with this bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 said we ought to have an
evening session to take up the disability bill.
I am not quite so much interested in this bill
as the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Then my honorable
friend and I are driving at the same point. I
wish to say, however, that if it be insisted that
the second section of this railroad bill shall
pass in any form that I have heard proposed
yet I intend for one, and I shall take the
liberty of doing it quite fully, to express my
views in that regard. I will not vote for such
a proposition for or against any corporation
or any private citizen in this country, norshall
such legislation ever go to consummation until
I have entered my protest against it as specific-
ally as I am able to do.
I do not wish to stand in the way of any
Senator's measure, but when we have finished
the consideration of the rights and the scuffle
between the Union Pacific railroad and the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, then we
shall come to a time when the people of this
country and the Government of this country,
as I understand it, have some interest in such
legislation as this. In behalf of that interest
I mean feebly to raise my voice when I have
the opportunity.
Now, if it is proposed to have an evening
session to go on with this pending measure,
either in the absence of a quorum or with a
meager attendance of the Senate, I hope that
will not be done. On the contrary, if it is pro-
posed to consider a disability bill, agreeing as
1 do entirely with the Senator from Rhode
Island that no Senator can thereby excuse him-
self properly for not attending, nevertheless it
gives a measure of safety in an evening ses-
sion which I think there will not be if some-
thing we know not what is to be considered,
and Senators are to attend with special views
in reference to particular things whieh they
want to bring forward. 1 will vote very gladly
for an evening session with the understand-
ing that the disability bill, which we know
about, which was considered at the last ses-
sion, is to be taken up; but if it is to continue
the consideration of this bill, or to meet not
knowing for what business, then I hope the
order will not be adopted.
Mr. THAYER. I will take timeenoughto
state distinctly that no fiiend of the Union
Pacific railroad asks fortbe passage of any bill
here except to allow that company to come to
the city of Washington and hold an election
ot a board of directors unmolested. I am
ready to strike out the second section and
leave nothing but the naked proposition to
allow the company to taeet here and complete
their election, and remove their business office
to such place as they think proper. If the
Senate will accept that mode of settlement of
this question we are ready.
Mr. HOWARD. We are not legislating 
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is on the
recess. I believe I have the floor on the Pacific
railroad bill, if that is up.
The^VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nyb] was on thefloor when
he yielded .to the motion for a recess. Does
he surrender the floor?
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada is still entitled to the floor on the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. ABBOTT. I believe my motion is
pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, and the
Senator from Michigan is speaking upon it.
Mr. ABBOTT. I understood him to be
discussing the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Pacific railroad
bill is up, by the courtesy of the honorable
Senator from Nevada I have the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I am entirely willing, for
one, to meet here this evening and proceed with
the discussion of this bill if that shall be the
will of the Senate. Indeed I will vote for the
pending motion myself with the understanding
that this regular order of the day shall then be
proceeded with; but I think we-shall gain w>
time by it.
Allow me to say one word in reply to the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Nebraska, who has so often told us that the
Union Pacific Railroad Company did not want
the legislation which we propose to pass at this
time. Let me say to that honorable Senator,
with all possible respect, that we are not here
legislating to meet the views particularly of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company. It isa
matter to me of entire indifference whether
that company wish the legislation which we
now contemplate or whether they are opposed
to that legislation. We are here legislating
for the country, aud with a view I trust on the
part of every Senator to secure the pablic
interest in the speedy and perfect construction
of these two railroads, I do not care a button
what the Union Pacific railroad wants or does
not want, or what the Central Pacific railroad
wants or refuses. It is utterly immaterial to me.
I felt bound to make these remarks in reply
to the honorable Senator from Nebraska, who
seems to think that we are bound here by the
wishes and expectations of one or the other of
these huge corporations who have been beset-
ting Congress during the whole of this session
and t he whole of the last session upon some
subject or other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite willing to
come here this evening and go on with the
business which we have tinder consideration,
because I think it is a subject in which the
United States has some interest; audit is wi&
that view that I entirely concur in what th
Senator from Michigan has said, that we are
not legislating in the interest of any particular
company or set of individuals, and I was sorry
to hear the remark that fell from the Senator
