1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
of sickness, to move some verbal corrections
in the list from Louisiana, which I will send to
the Chair; and also to insert the name of
"Joseph J. Stringer." Isuppose that is satis-
factory to the other Senator from Louisiana.
I send the corrected list to the Clerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These corrections
being verbal will he regarded as agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the name
of" L>. HowardSmith," ofKentucky, be added
at the end of line two hundred and seventeen.
I cannot imagine for a moment that the offer-
ing of this name will endanger the passage of
the bill. Both Houses passed favorably upon
his application during the last Congress.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On the fourth page, in
line seventy-two, in the Louisiana list, I move
to strike out the name of "Robert W. Jem-
ison,'' and in line eighty-two the name of "John
W. Fairfax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I renew my amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I hope it will be read.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment
of Mr. Sawyer.
Mr. SAWYER. It is obvious that the fact
that any such provision as this is necessary was
an inadvertence on the part of Congress. It
certainly could not be designed that a class of
people who labored under political disabilities
should be more favorably situated than those
who did not labor under political disabilities.
The law as it at present stands permits a man
■who has been relieved from all political dis-
abilities as imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution to take an oath which
has been prescribed for that purpose ; but the
law has made no provision for an oath of office
for a man who does not come under the dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment.
There are of course a very large number of
people in the southern States who were minors
at the time when ihey entered into the rebel-
lion and have become of age since. Many of
them are good Republicans, and most of them
are good citizens if not Republicans. They are
debarred from ever holding any office under
the Federal Government in those States by the
oath prescribed by theactof July 2,1862, while
those who were leaders in the rebellion, who
shall have had their disabilities removed, may
take office under the Government. This sec-
tion is designed to fill the hiatus which there
is in the legislation of Congress on the subject.
There was, as I understand, no division of
opinion in the Judiciary Committee who re-
ported this proposition, and I have thought this
an eminently proper place to add it. But I
wish to say that if it is going to give rise to any
discussion to render tbe passage of the bill
doubtful, I shall not insist upon it; and I can-
not conceive that any man who reads it and
who knows the circumstances #can have the
slightest possible objection to it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to the amend-
ment for this reason : I would go as far to re-
move the disabilities of citizens of the southern
States as any good Union loyal man ought to
wish to go. There is a class of citizens in South
Carolina who will come under this provision.
I hold in my hand a letter dated the 19th of De-
cember, 1808, from a person who professes to
be a minister of the gospel 
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator from South
Carolina will give way, I move that the time
for resuming the regular order be prolonged
until halt'past nine o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. Say nine.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] will withdraw his
amendment I shall be very glad. _ 1 hope he
will not persist in it. To do so will be to de-
feat rhh lull.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
stnte to the Senator from North Carolina that
if the time is extended and an adjournment
should take place previous to that time, this
would be the unfinished business atone o'clock
to-morrow, and not the Pacific railroad bill.
He must take the risk of the Senate adjourn-
ing with this bill pending.
Mr. ABBOTT. This will be passed before
that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina moves further to post-
pone the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness, the Pacific railroad bill, until half past
nine o'clock.
Several Senators. Say nine.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether that is neces-
sary. Is it not already postponed until a
quarter before nine?
Mr. ABBO T1". I will say nine o'clock.
The VICE.PRESIDENT. The motion is
so modified.
Mr. HOWARD. Ihave no objection to the
order of the day going over until to-morrow
at one o'clock if the Senate will consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
should adjourn upon any bill, by the rule of
the body that bill must come up at one o'clock
the next day. The rule is imperative. If the
Senate adjourns upon a bill it must come up
at one o'clock the next day, even in preference
to a special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In order that gentle-
men may understand what I intend to do, I
desire to state that to-morrow at one o'clock
I must ask for the postponement of all prior
orders, and that the Senate go on with the
deficiency appropriation bill. To morrow is
Wednesday, and that bill should be disposed
of. I shall be obliged to make that motion at
that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina moves to postpone the
resumption of the regular order, the Pacific
railroad bill, until nine o'clock.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to remind the Sen-
ate that we have now given way over an hour
for the purpose of allowing this disability bill
to be passed. Ten minutes of the time belong
ing to that bill remain; and it is now perfected;
I believe all the names have been added that
Senators desire to add. That being so I see
no reason why it cannot be passed now. Let
the Senator from South Carolina, who intro-
duces a new proposition which is going to lead
to discussion, withdraw it; and I hope we shall
stand by the reguiarorder, which was postponed
until a quarter to nine o'clock, and take a vote
on this bill now.
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw my amend-
ment, but with the full conviction that it is
more important than all the rest of the bill.
Mr. ABBOTT. Then I withdraw my motion.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am q.iite sure, since
the Senator from South Carolina [Air. Saw-
yer] has withdrawn his amendment, that the
Senate, if it looks at this bill carefully 
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will give way, I will renew my motion to
postpone the resumption of the regular order
of business until nine o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is
necessary.
Mr. ABBOTT. We have but five minutes
left; and the Senator rises to make an address.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the Sen-
ator from North Carolina need make that
motion. He has made several motions to post-
pone; and if he will content himself without
making another motion I will submit the
observations I rose to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois is on the floor, ami cannot be
interrupted but by his consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from South
Carolina having withdrawn the amendment
which he moved, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate and of the Senator from North
Carolina who is so anxious about the bill which
is before the Senate to the efiect of it. I desire
to inform him, if he has not already informed
himself, that if this bill should pass as he has
it, not one of the persons from whom he pro-
poses to remove political disabilities can hold
any office in this country. What is the object
of the Senator from North Carolina in remov-
ing these disabilities from these parties? Is it
not that they may be enabled to hold office?
And yet in the stupe that the bill is, if he will
look at the various laws on the statute-book
he will find that not one of these persons can
hold an office.
Mr. A BBOTT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not yield
until I get through, and then the Senator can
speak as long as he pleases. This bill under
consideration, Senate bill No. 259, declares
that " all legal and political "disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment''—not any
others but "the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment," are
hare by removed from the persons named.
Suppose you do it, what is their condition?
Can any one of them take the test-oath of July
2, 1862? Not one of them, because they are
required by that oath to swear that they have
never participated in the rebellion, and by this
bill you are not removing ttie disabilities im-
posed by that statute. Look at ihe act which
requires a certain oath, and which every Sen-
ator in this body took ; every one of these per-
sons from whom you remove the political dis-
ability imposed by the fourteenth amendment
is still bound to take that oath. Now, do you
want to-pass a bill in that shape?
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question for information?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. POOL. Was there not a law passed
since by which a special oath ss prescribed for
those who have had their disabilities removed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is for those from
whom the disabilities imposed by law are re-
moved, but r.ot for those who have only had
removed their disabilities under the fourteenth
amendment. If the Senator from Norih Caro-
lina [Mr. Pool] will look at the act passed in
July, 1868, he will find that it provides " that
whenever any person who has participated in
the late rebellion and from whom all legal dis-
abiiitiesarising therefrom have been removed,"
not "persons from whom all legal disabilities
arising under the fourreenth amendment have
been removed," but this oath imposes a dis-
ability. Take all that great class of persons all
through the soutnern States who never held
any office, who never took any oath to support
the Constitution of the U nifed States before the
rebellion broke out Aie they not all disauati-
fied from the fact that they cannot one of them
take this oath, and is the man from whom you
remove the political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment any better off? Not
at all. unless you remove also all disabilities
imposed by law. Tbeu he can take the oath
that is prescribed by the act of July 11, 1868. If
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Caronna or some similar amendment
was adopted, or the language of this bill was
changed so as to remove not only the disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment, but
all legal disabilities imposed by the United
States, whether by the fourteenth amendment
or by the character of the oath, then you would
relieve these parties, but you will not accom-
plish the object in the way this bill now reads.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Cannot the Senator
move a short amendment to accomplish the
purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there should be
an amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the time for
resuming the regular order be extended to nine
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 inquire of the Senator
from Illinois if he cannot amend the preamble
to the bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no preamble
to the bill which I have.
Mr. ABBOTT. I mean the first clause of
the bill. I suggest that there be inserted after
