544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the word "by," in the fourth line, the words
"law or by," so as to read, "that all legal
and political disabilities imposed by law or by
the fourteenth amendment," &c.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think we mean
that exactly.
Mr. WILLEY. should be "law of the
United States'." There are local disabilities
in some of the States, which, of course, we
cannot touch. I would suggest.the use of the
language, " all disabilities imposed by the
United States." „ •
Mr. ABBOTT. I will accept that.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Say "By the United
States or bv the fourteenth amendment"'
Mr. ABBOTT. I will modify the amend-
ment by striking out in the fourth line the
words"* ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the whole object
is best accomplished in the manner proposed
by the Senator from West Virginia. Let the
bill read in this way:
That all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the United States by reason of "participation in
tiie iate rebellion, &c.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is precisely what I was
going to move.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would cover
the whole case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois a question. Would it be
practicable after that for a man appointed to
office under the Federal Government to be
excused from taking the oath of July 2, 1862?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly it would,
because the law of July 11, 1868, declares—
" That whenever a.ny person who has participated
in the late rebellion and from whom all leg >1 dis-
abilities arising therefrom are removed by act of Con-
gress by a vote of two thirds of each Hou-e, has been
or shall be elected or appointed to any office or place
of trust iu or under the Govern men t of the United
States, he shall, before entering* upon the duties
thereof, instead of the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2,18(32, take and subscribe the following oath
or affirmation."
And then the form of the oath isgiven, which
leaves out that portion which requires him to
swear that he had not been engaged in rebel-
lion, so that a person from whom all legal dis
abilities have been removed arising from par
tieipation in the rebellion could take the oath
prescribed by the act of'last year and would be
relieved from taking the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1862.
1 he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. By the Consti-
tution a two-thisds vote is required on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The question being put, the Vice President
declared tfiat, in the opinion of the Chair, two
thirds had voted in the affirmative, and that
the bill was passed.
ISI,ANTON DUNCAN.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 29. I think it can be dis-
posed of without discussion. It has passed
the Senate once by a vote approaching una-
nimity. I make the motion that the pending
and all prior orders be postponed for that.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. There is no other
order before nine o'clock.
_ Mr. McCRBERY. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 29, for the relief of Blan-
ton Duncan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution.
The Commiltee on the Judiciary propose to
strike out all after the resolving clause of the
joint resolution and to insert:
That the property, other than money, of Blanton
Duncan, of the St,iteof Kentucky, now in the posses-
sion of the district court of the United States for the
district of Kentucky, under proceedings instituted
against him and his property under the act of July
1*. 19G2, for the confiscation of said property, be re-
stored to said Duncan. Aiwl the officersof the United
States who may have the possession ofsflchproperty
are required to deliver the same to said Duncan:
Provided, That said Duncan'release all claims against
the United States for the repayments of rente paid
into the Treasury thereof, or for damages for the us©
or occupation of said property prior to the passage
of this joint resolution.
The amendment was agreed to;
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the conclud-
ing language be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proviso.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like toinquire of
the honorable Senator from Arkansas whether
that is the proviso agreed to by the committee ?
Mr. RICE. I understand that to be exactly
the proviso agreed to by the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. The point of my inquiry
is this : the rents of this property in part—in
how large or small part I do not know—were
paid into the Treasury, as I understand, and a
large portion of them remain not in the Treas-
ury, because they were not paid into the Treas
ury, but in the hands of the marshal or paid
into court. The design originally was that the
release should be of all claim to rents, whether
they had actually been covered into the Treas-
ury or not. This simply -releases all claims
upon the rents which have actually gone into
(he Treasury. That, I understand, is a small
portion of the rents ; and much the larger por-
tion, as 1 am told, although I do notvouch for
the fact, has either been paid into court or
remains in the hands of the marshal. He is
not required to release those at all, as I under-
stand ; yet it, may be that that is the design.
Mr. RICE. 1 will state what the facts are
as I understand them. The House resolution
provided for a release of all claim for rent,
and this is intended as an amendment, to the
House resolution in that respect. There is a
portion of the rents in the hands of the mar-
shal; what amount I do not know; but they
are left in his hands subject to a final decision
of the case. It is no release on the part of
Duncan to them, nor is it any transfer to him
by the Government of those funds; but they
• are left there subject to the final decision of
the case whenever it is disposed of. It re-
leases all that has gone into the Treasury, and
makes no claim against the Government for
damages or for reals further than this: that
which is in the hands of the marshal he leaves
to the decision of the court whenever the case
is closed.
Mr. HOWARD. I desfte to know whether
the suit is still pending in court,.
Mr. RICE. The suit is pending on a writ
of error, as I understand it, which, owing to
the amount of business on the docket, cannot
be tried for a long time. This being the only
property that anybody knows of that has not
been returned in the South which has been
libeled fhe proposition is to return it to him,
and leave the question of rents to abide the
result of the suit.
Mr. HOWARD. Tf that is the proposition
of the committee, why do they not. say so in
the resolution ? Certainly tlie'resolution does
not purport any such thing, as I understand it.
It is proposed here to return to the owner prop-
erty which has been libeled, and about which
there has been a suit for the purpose of confis-
cating it into the Treasury of the United States.
Now, is the property itself to be voluntarily
returned by law to the owner? Does it not
follow as a matter of course that the proceeds
and rents that have been sequestrated at the
same time follow the property itself, or the land
or houses, whatever it is; I do not know what
it is?
Mr. RICE. I have no doubt on that subject
but that they follow the property in the hands
of the claimant. At the time the judgment in
the district court was rendered he had not his
pardon. He has since that time got.a special
pardon, which being pleaded in the higher court
win return to him not only the property, but
all the rents that are in the hands of the court
I have no doubt about that; but it is a point
ot time to have the property returned before he
racn get any decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States. That is all the point there
is in this case.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the object of this
resolution is to settle a lawsuit which is now
pending, to cut it off, to return to the owner
property which has been libeled, the whole of
it, so as to put an end to the lawsuit? I am
opposed to that.
Mr. CONKLING. Suchbills are very much
in vogue now-adays.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to interfer-
ing with an existing suit between parties in
this way. We know nothing of the merits of
this case at all. It may be a flagrant case
where confiscation was very justly merited for
aught that appears before us.
Mr. RICE. I will state further, in this con-
nection, that this matter has been before the
Judiciary Committee both at the last session
and at this session ; that the district judge,
Judge Ballard, of Kentucky, makes a state-
ment substantially such as I make here, and
recommends the action of Congress iti the
matter ; and I believe, so far as I know, and I
have considerable knowledge on the subject of
these confiscation cases, there is mi other prop-
erty but what upon the pleading of the special
pardou has been returned, together with the
rents. I know of no other piece of property
in the South that, is held in this way.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I should prefer to
leave this question and the whole of it to be
determined by the court, and let the pardon
have its proper effect. 1 do not know what
the statusof thecase may be, but I am opposed
to interfering in this way to put an end to a
lawsuit now existing, and doing so by legisla-
tion. Thar, is not our office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I ought to state
what I understand about this matter. The
joint resolution passed the Senaie at the List
session of Congress, I think substantially in i he
form it is now. 1 did not, have special charge
of the resolution. It was reported b} another
member of the committee, it has now passed
the House of Representatives, and this is a
proposed amendment to it made in the Judi-
ciary Committeeat the present session giving a
shape to the resolution similar to that which it
had at the last session.
The facts of the case«are these, as I under-
stand them : this Mr. Duhcau had a consider-
able amount of property m Kentucky, perhaps
in Louisville, in which he has a hie estate.
He is not the owner of the property absolutely.
The properly was seized under the confiscation
act of 18(32, 1 ihink. Tho property was not
condemned to be sold. He having a'life e<tate
in it, it was held by the courts, and the marshal
in Kentucky lias been receiving the renis and
profits of the property for some length of time.
In the mean time the war closed, and this Mr.
Duncan received a pardon from the President.
ih;s fact was before the comni'ttee. The
property lying in this situation, and the rents
being collected from it, some portion of those
rents has been paid over into the Treasury of
the United Sfates.
It will be recollected by the Senate that very
little property has ever been confiscated under
this act. Judge Ballard states iu the letter
which he wrote that this property of Mr. Dun-
can is more than all the other property that
has ever been seized in Kentucky. As has
been stated by the Senator from Arkansas,
very little property has been seized, and the
property that was seized has been restored
wherever there was a pardon.
A writ ot error, it seems, is pending in this
case in the Supreme Court of the United
States. In the mean time fhe properly is in
the hands of the marshal. lie is collecting
the rents. The Judiciary Committee have put
an amendment upon the resoluiion declaring
that.no money which had been paid over to the
United States should be restored, and that
^r\ should give a release, in order to
avail himself of the benefits of this resoluiion,
against any damages which he might claim,
and any claim he might have upon the Treas-
ury for the restoration of any money. In the
mean time the money that is in the bands of
the marshal or in the bands of the court, I do
