1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
not know which, remains there to abide the j
event of his suit, tie gets possession of his ;
property, in my judgment he is entitled to ;
the possession of his property. I do no! see \
how it is lo be prevented- He gives up the ■
money tiiat has been paid over, and this money !
that is there that litis been collected in the j
mean tune will abide the event of the suit, j
'Flint I suppose to be the effect of the resolu- j
t'.on a.-, it ts amended. The committee agreed
to it with that understanding, arid I myself I
awe no impropriety in its passage. j
The joint resolution was reported to the j
Senate as amended, and the amendment was !
concurred in. The amendment was ordered to ]
be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be j
rend the third time. It was read the third ;
time, and passed—ayes twenty-eight, noes not
counted.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 6} for the protection of the interests of the
United States in the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and for other purposes, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Michigan. [Mr. Howard.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose there is no
prospect of getting that measure through to-
night.
Several ^EXATORS. None at all.
Mr. T HUM BULL. Under those circum-
stances, it' the Senator from Michigan will con-
sent. 1 will move to take up the judicial bill,
wSiieh is pending 011 an amendment between
tin- two ileuses, and to postpone this subject
ui.til 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have prepared an
amendment and showed it to some Senators,
who expressed themselves satisfied if the res-
olution is confined to that amendment, and
perhaps if" that amendment is read it tvil! lead
to v ry little debate. At any rate the public
irirpt-eU. without regard to all these controver-
sies. demands the passage of this measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall enter into no
controversy. If the Senator from Ohio wishes
to have his amendment read, very well. I
thought it would be an economy of time to
dispose of the measure that 1 have charge of.
Mr. SH ERM AN. *1 think this resolution in
regard to the Pacific railroad ought to be passed
in ?oioe form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator desires
to have his amendment read, and thinks that
anj thing is to be gained by going on with that
lnen-ure to-night. I withdraw my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
withdraw* his suggestion ; and the question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Michigan, and the Sen-
ator from Nevada £Mr. NteJ is entitled to
the floor. Does he yield to the Senator from
Ohio ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from
Michigan yield to the amendment which I
desire to offer, whioh will strike out a portion
ot th.u winch he pioposes to strike out?
Seier.t) Senators. Let us hear it read.
The VICE PiiESIDEXT. It will be read
ftn information, after which the Senator from
Michigan may or may not yi< Id. There is now
an amendment of the committee pending, and
an amendment of his own to the amendment
of the committee.
The Ckikf Ci.eke. It is proposed to amend
tl-.v second section so that it will read :
Andb<' it/'urfher rebofarJ. That toasoertuin tiiecou-
dii-.ou y( ill ■ Ltiiiin P.iciflO railroad ;md the Central
Pacific j'.iilromt tho President of tile-United States is
authorized to appoint a bnnni of eminent citiwns,
not exceeding five in lmratKi', and who shall not. bo
inii'i-.M'1'! in < iitior 1-0.id. to i-x.mrino and report upon
the emiditon, sirid what sum or sums, if any, will bs
r"q,me.tl to coiaiiiete etch of guifi loads to the point
oi jui'ction us a tiisi-c-la^ railroad, in eouaiilianee
with the several nets relating to s;ud rotids. Mid the
exi"'ii>e nt such bo.,yd. including an -allowance of
ten uullari* 10 each tor their service? for each dey
emuinyui 111 snob examination or report, to be Paid
equally by said companies.
41st C'">XG. IstSES?.—No. 35.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan accept this in lieu of his
proposed amendment to the amendment?
Mr, HOWARD. No, Mr, President; I can-
not accept it, because it effects nothing at all.
My object is to settle this question by legisla-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan read,
so that we can have the whole subject before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] consents, the Secre-
tary will again report the amendment to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan.
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment of Mr.
Howard to the amendment is to amend the
second section so that it will read:
And be it further resolved. That Generkls George
H. Thom&a, Irvtn McDowell, Henry \V. Halleck.E.
&. S. C&nby, and Thomas J. Cram be, and they are
hereby, constituted a board of commissioners* with
authority to fix and establish the point of junction
of the Union Pacific r uiroad and the Central Paeific
rai/road, of California, which point of junction shall
be on the line already approved and consented to
by the Secretary of the Interior; which board shall
report to the Secretary of the Interior such point of
junction, and shall also report what sum or sums, if
any, will he required to complete each of said roads
to tho point of junction as a first-class railroad, in
compliance with the several acts relating to said
joaos, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada [ilr. Nye] is entitled to the
floor. If he does not claim it, the question
is on the amendment to the amendment, just
reported bv the Secretary.
Mr. NYE. I was in hopes that this joint
resolution would not be pressed any further
to-night.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, as the Senator
j from Ohio sees that it is to be debated 
i Mr. WILSON. Let us pass it. It ought
I to be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are you going to gain
anything by pressing it now ? I suppose there
is no disposition to press it to a vote to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I bave not charge of the
resolution, and do not care anything about it:
but my own impression is that the public inter-
ests demaud that it should pass. I bave not
undertaken to take charge of it, nor have I any
special care of it. The debate has wandered
all over the question ; and if there is a determ-
ined opposition to the resolution f am per-
fectly willing that it shall be defeated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of action
upon this Pacific railroad measure as much as
the Senator from Ohio. I understand that all
Senators desire that some action should he had
on the subject. My object was simply to get
the judicial hill, which is pending between the
j two Houses on an amendment, out of the way.
j 1 suppose we shall accomplish nothing bv taking
bold of the Pacific railroad resolu'ion to-night,
as it is to be discussed ; and when we meet to-
morrow I hope the Senate will agree to continue
it until it disposes of that subject. It is with a
view to economize time and 10 advance the pub-
lic business that I ask the Senate to consider the
judicial bill to night. If it is agreeable to the
Senate I should like to dispose of it now.
The VICE PRESIDES I'. What, action
does the Senator ask—unanimous consent, or
to set aside the pending measure?
Mr. TUUMBULL. I will ask to set aside
the pending business for the purpose of con-
sidering the judicial bill; but 1 wish to say. as
1 see my fiieitd from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son 1 rising, that I do not propose to occupy
half an hour in discussing whether or not, that
shall be done. If there is any considerable
opposition to it I shall not press the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a state-
ment to the Senate, and then if the Senator
desires to press the other matter I hate nothing
to say. The Government of the United States
provided for the appointment of five persons
as directors of tlie Pacdie railway to take care
of the interests of the United States. Three
weeks ago those directors, live of th-.-m, repre-
senting the Government and its interests, and
presumed to know what the interests of the
Government were, came to Congress and asked
for legislation to protect the interests of the
United States. Three weeks have passed
away and no action has been taken. As I have
listened to the zeal and earnestness with which
the question has been discussed here and else-
where, and especially elsewhere, 1 have felt
sometimes that the Central Pacific railroad had
friends; that the eastern division had friends;
that the Union Pacific railroad bad friends,
and that the Government bad very few. 1 think
our business is to take care of the interests of
the country, and not to take care of tire inter-
ests of either the Union Pacific railroad or the
Central Pacific railroad.
The men who represent the interests of this
Government in the work stand before Congress
I and the country and unite 111 asking action. I
; believe they know what the interests of the
! country are, and I think we should bave acted •
J long ago. Now, sir, here we are to night. I
think we ought to act upon this joint resolu-
tion, and to finish it now. We propose to
adjourn on Saturday. If it is proposed by the
Senator, or anybody else, to thrust this meas-
ure aside, for my part I suppose I shall have
to submit to it a3 we have for three weeks past;
but I believe, on my eonscience, that the great
interests of the country have been sacrificed
during these three weeks.
Mr. SHERMAN. F suppose- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois has asked unanimous consent to set
aside the pending business informally to enable
him total I-up another measure. If that should
be done, and the Senate should then adjourn,
that would become the unfinished business at
one o'clock to-morrow.
• Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to com-
plete this measure, and therefore I object.
While I have the floor, if the Senator from
Nevada does not desire to proceed, I will state
very briefly why I propose this amendment, and
the condition of this subject.
Mr. NYE. I will yield for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Illinois to indicate
that if unanimous consent was not given he
would test the sense of the Senate on setting
aside the pending business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, I will not. I
do not wish to antagonize with any measure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will endeavor to state
as briefly as I possibly can—because I know
the Senate is impatient, and we ought not to
take too much time wiih this subject, for other
|| business is crowding upon us—the condition
I1, of this joint Resolution.
i| The first, section is for the interest of the
ii Union Pacific railroad. It is a controversy
j: that they have brought here. The joint reso-
" Uition as it passed the House of Representa-
;; fives I could not support. It proposed to in-
'! tert'ere with a process going on in the courts
; of New York, in which an injunction was
■ granted by a judge of the State of New York
1 restraining the execution of an act of Congress,
j It was an extraordinary proceeding, but still
I it was pending in court; it was the action of
1 a judge; and I, perhaps, have somewhat of
j the weakness of a lawyer that my friend from
Si Rhode Island comments upon so frequently,
and 1 was indisposed by act of Congress to in-
!! terfere with the action of a court. The Com-
J: mittee on the Pacific Railroad struck out the
House proposition ; but we reported a section
i, which authorizes the Union Pacific railroad
' to hold an election at some future time, wtth-
; out sajing anything about the proceeding
'' pending iu the court ot' New York: and as
il thus reported I believe it received the unaM-
ij mous vote of the Pacific Railroad Com mittee,
<; so far as S now remember. There was also a
j' proviso added to the first section declaring
that it should not affect the rights ot either
; party. Thus the joint resolution was reported
' to the Senate.
H But this resolution does not seem to meet
i< the difficulties .which surrounded the contro-
j( versy betweeu'these two railroad companies.
!' We knew very well from published reports that
