1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54V
This was long after the map was filed which
at is<cla*med fixed the route so that we cannot
even legislate upon it.
For the purpose of examining and reporting upon
this nnd other matter* you have by bis order been
npijoiuted special commissioners, to act under the
inductions of the Secretary of the Interior.
You will therefore -meet on the 25th instant at
Great csuU Lake City. After repairing to the west-
ern terminus of the oompleted track of the road of
tiie Union Pacific Railroad Company, you will pro-
ceed to make a careful and thorough examination
of the grouti-d situate between it and the completed
track or theroad of the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of California. If either of the existinsr routes
•between those termini is in all respec's unobjection-
able, you are at liberty to adopt it. If not, you will
make a new location. In either case, in order that
this Department may act advisedly in the premises,
you will report to me specifically, as well the facts
elicited by your examinations as the reasons which
have governed your conclusions, and transmit an
■accurate map and profile of the route which you
■determine to be the m<j t advantageous.
Ymi will al?o designate a point at which the two
roads will p-robably meet in the construction of a
-continuouscompieted line.
These gentlemen were directed to do pre-
cisely what we propose shall be done by five
■eminent men.
The companies will furnish you with the maps
and profiles prepared by their surveying parties and
■engineers. It may not be indispensable for you to
extend your surveys oyer the entire ground above
■referred to. You Should, at all event?, thoroughly
■■ccsr the aecura y-of the co.npanies'mapg and profiles,
and be in possession of all the tacts which will enable
jou lo determine the Question touching the said
route.
Aftpr eomple'ing your investigations and report-
ing to this D*'paitinent thereon you will forthwith
repair to Sacramento, California, <fcc.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any law under
winch that took place?
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that all
these examinations are made without express
authority of law.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any law ex-
pressly to provide for that one?
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume not.
ilr. CONKLING. Then it has just as much
fold; as if .she Presiding Officer of this body
•had ordered it, and no more.
Mi. SHERMAN. Now, the question is, there
■being no line fixed according to the admission
•ot the Secretary of the Interior, these roads
rapidly approaching each other, and wheuever
they meet there is the point of intersection,
whether it is riot the duty of the United States
•bi law to step in and fix the point of junction
and say to these companies, to the east and
west, "Come here with your roads and here
vour subsidies shall terminate?" Or shall we
unite a legal controversy and wrangle between
these two great rival corporations, to be repre-
sented here in the Senate, and in the House,
and in the country, and shall we undertake to
go on and discuss all the various operations of
these two companies? Why, sir, it seetns to
me too clear for argument that it is the duty
of Congress before its adjournment, now, in the
f.ice of this dispute, to iix the point of junc-
tion, either by law, by designating some point,
if we have the information to do it, or else pro-
viding a mode by which it shall be designated
by some competent authority, and stop this dis-
pute and controversy.
The next duty alter that has been accom-
plished is plain. We should demand of both
these companies and exact a strict compliance
with ihe law. We should require them to build
a completed railroad to that point of junction,
complete m all its parts. By the liberality ot
the General Government they have been in-
vested with large subsidies. According to the
actual proof before us they have been given
more than was requisite to secure the pur-
pose, but that was in ignorance and in mis-
tiike of the actual condition of that country.
The iaw provides for climbing over mountains.
It has mountain sections. It doubles up_ twice
the subsidies on account of difficulty ot con-
struction ; but as the road approached the
mountains the mountains melted into plains,
and it cost no more to make the mountain sec-
tions than tiie completed sections, ihe result
i.- that it has been very profitable to these peo-
ple engaged ill it.
Mr. STEWART. Which company?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know; I sup-
pose to both of thera ; but it has certainly been
enormously profitable to the Union Pacific.
Mr. STEWART. Did the Central road meet
the mountains they expected to meet ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, this way
of debating in the Senate of the United States,
it seems to me, is not exactly right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cragis
in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio must
not be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that it is profit-
able to both, enormously so to the Union
Pacific. The Senator himself stated that they
had divided seven hundred per cent, it must
be profitable to the Central Pacific, or else why
should they be struggling for tins hundred
miles ? If it were not profitable to them they
would stop short. No doubt it is profitable to
both of them; and it is caused by that mis-
take of fact into which the whole country fell.
It geems to me, therefore, that after we have
fixed a point of junction, it is plain that we
must, by withholding subsidies, require of both
of these companies ample security to com-
plete their roads to the point of intersection.
So that both these sections are justifiable and
justified by the plain and palpable interests
of the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a singie suggestion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has
just read the instructions of the late Secretary
of the Interior to a commission for the purpose
of making an examination and survey and
ascertaining the proper point of junction be-
tween these two roads. Why not permit that
order to be executed under the direction of
the present Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. SHERMAN, 1 will answer that. I should
be perfectly willing to leave it to the present
Secretory of the Interior, who is a very able
and accomplished man, but the trouble is that
both of these roads are now building side by
side and lapping; and unless we fix mis point
of intersection, at the next session of Congress
they will present their claims ; tliey will be
here year in and year out, like the Central
Branch road in Kansas, demanding subsidies
for equities arising under the construction of
the law.
Mr. DAVIS. Let Congress now stop the
further execution of these roads until the point
of junction is ascertained in the mode sug-
gested.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that would
be right. Let the roads go forward according
to the spirit of the law. They will come to-
gether, the iron rails will be brought side by
side probably before this commission can act,
and I now prophesy here what will be a verity
if we go off and leave this question unsettled.
These two roads will rush by each other, the
Central Pacific Company claiming that it has
some legal right under the map that has been
filed and adopted, in the languaee of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and the Union Pacific
will claim, on the other hand, that they have
the legal right to go on until they meet the
completed road of the other line, and then we
shall have a controversy and collision when
these two roads ought to be made to harmon-
ize, and come together in peace and quiet.
Therefore I say I do not care what mode is
adopted, whether it is left to the Secretary of
the Interior, the President of the United States,
or to a commission designated in the mode
provided by the Senator from Michigan. In
some way the point of intersection ought to be
fixed. The only question m my mind is, which
is the better way.
It seemed to me that if the Senate were to
undertake to pick out officers of the Army tor
this purpose their selection would probably he
interfering with the duties ot' officers of the
Army. It is not the best way. It is wiser and
better, in my judgment, to leave it to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and give him author-
ity to enlighten himself by such information as
he can get by theaid of a committee or a board
of examiners who would enlighten him ■with
the facts; or if you choose to leave it with the
Secretary of the Interior, 1 would be willing
to vote that the Secretary of the Interior shaii
determine the point of intersection. 1 am per-
fectly willing to do that. I have no doubt he
would do it honestly una conscientiously. But
in some way it ought to be ascertained, and
then the authority ought to be given by law to
withhold bonds from uncompleted sections and
to demand and make requisitions for bonds to
secure the completion of sections that have
already been passed over.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
gave in the course of his argument many tacts
which strengthen this view. He said the Union
Pacific had passed by difficult routes, failed to
tunnel the mountains. He was in a contro-
versy with the Senator frcm Nebraska as to
whether certain tunnels had been constraeted.
That shows that these companies, at least
the Union Pacific, have drawn bonds on un-
completed sections of the road. Ought we
not to demand security from that company for
the completion of theroad? Undoubtedly we
ought. Tiie same allegation is made in regard
to the Central Pacific. If their road is com-
pleted in the manner that is now stated, as a
matter of course no requisition will be made
upon them. There is no disposition to do them
injustice. I regard both these great rival com-
panies as deserving of great credit for their
energy, industry, and vigilance; and if they
have made money by the operation, certainly [
do not begrudge them whatever they have
made according to the law. If they will only
give to this country a completed road, travers-
ing this continent from the Missouri river to
the waters of the Pacific ocean, completed as
the law requires, as a first-class railroad, the
Government of the United States wiii get back
all the subsidy that has been voted to them;
and if they have made their fortunes in the
mean time, I will not weep over it. But if*
they get now into controversies and lawsuits
and waste the substance that has been given to
them the evil may come prophesied by the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] that we
shall be compelled hereafter, in order to pro-
tect our second mortgage lien, to take the road
and assume the payment of the first mortgage.
I believe that if this road is completed and run
in a continuous line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific it is a good security, not only for
the first mortgage bonds, but for the second
mortgage bonds, and will be a profitable stock
to the stockholders.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada allow me, before he pro-
ceeds, to ask a question of t'ne honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts to say that
he belongs to that party which he thinks, and
I am inclined to agree with him, is rather
small, composed of the friends of the Govern-
ment in this matter. I would like to join him
as a member of that party and follow him.
With that view, I should like to make two
inquiries. Does the Senator tell the Senate
that the five gentlemen constituting the Gov-
ernment directors in this company have ever
in any form suggested or asked lor legislation
since the Cabinet, upon the opinion of the
Attorney General, took the action which oc-
curred about the 1st of March last?
Mr. WILSON. An attempt was made to
elect directors in the city of New York, but it
was broken up by the intervention of the courts
at the instigation of Mr. Fisk. The five Gov-
ernment directors came here and united in a
written and printed call upon^ Congress to so
legislate as to allow the election of directors
of that toad and allow the company to remove
to some other place its business office. That
is in the first section of the joint resolution.
As to the second and third sections, i do not
