550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April (?,
Eleven hundred miles of road the Union Pacific
Company has got, with no Sierra Nevada
mountains to iutervene. Something over five
hundred miles is all that the Central Pacific
will have ; and yet grasping for that, although
the Union Pacific have had the easy end of the
lever—the whiffle-tree—throughout, they pro-
pose now to snatch from the very jaws of
the Central Pacific the whole cream of their
work.
Mr. President, there is one little piece of
history that 1 wish to allude to. I discovered
the first y^ar 1 had the honor of a seat here
that there had been an interpolation of an
entii e section in. a bill, and the Union Pacific
railroad had the right to go to the west line of
California upon the western slope of the Sierra
Nevada mountains; and the president of that
road was here then upon this floor, as his ea-
gineers and employes are now, saying that we
had pleJged the faith of the Government to
that road across Nevada to the California line,
and to repeal that section would be ruin and
overthrow to them. It was a section that was
never enacted in God's world, and the sense
of the Senate, without a dissenting vote, was
to repeal it. I am sorry to say that from the
moment this project was conceived, and before
the present holders of it were in, there has
been a spirit of grasping that would seize it
all up to that, as they supposed, insurmount-
able barrier, the Sierra Nevrda mountains.
Mr. 1IAULAN. I desire to ask the Senator
what, section he refers to?
Mr. NYE. The section that gave the right
to go to the west line of California.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator.
Mr. NYE. Very well; I am willing to be
corrected.
Mr. HARLAN. The section he refers to was
put in at the instance of the then Senator from
California, (Mr. McDougall.) 1 had occasion
once to look it up in the Globe, where the honor-
able Senator will find his speech made on the
floor of the Senate giving assent to that very
amendment.
Mr. NYE. It must have been when he was
not himself, as was sometimes the case. It was
charged here, and it was not denied at that
time, that that section was an interpolation.
If the honorable Senator had told the Senate
then what be says now I should not have
repeated it.
Mr. HARLAN. I was not at that time a
member of this body. This is the first time 1
have had an opportunity to correct it.
Mr NYE. I take the correction, then. But
the section was repealed without an opposing
vote. If the honorable Senator has looked at
the Globe he will find that. I repeat, from the
inception of this road the Union Pacific Com-
pany have seemed to grasp at the whole of this
eastern end of it, and it has been the hardest
fighting to save what we could on the western
end.
Mr. President, I have alluded to these things
for two purposes ; first, to show that the arbiter
already established is the proper one. Let them
go on and build upon that line, and wherever
they meet that is the terminus. My purpose
in the next place, was to show that thi^appeal
to Congress for the purpose of avoidina a legal
investigation into their affairs in the city of
rjew York is unfounded and unjust, and that
Congress should not interfere with that litiga-
A have now said all I desire to say on
■ Ins subject, ■unless in the course of the discus-
sion something should be said that I deem it
important to reply to.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. SO MNER. Can we not get a vote on
this to-night?
Mr. HOWARD. It is not possible; the Sen-
ate is so thin it would be entirely unfair.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 6, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have instructed me to report ad-
versely on the 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill to provide for taking
the ninth and subsequent censuses, which
comes up as uufinished business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from- Pennsylvania will at least allow me to
offer a resolution to suspend the rules which
prevent the sending of messages to the Senate
and to the President during the last three days
of the session. Jt is always done.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on the regular
order in this case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I enter a motion to reconsider
the reference of a joint resolution introduced
by me yesterday (H. B. No. 74) authorizing
the submission of the constitution of Virginia
to a vote of the people, and authorizing the
election of State officers provided by the said
constitution and for members of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider that motion, and to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield lor that motion?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman has already yielded to allow the gentle-
man from Illinois to make bis motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts cannot take another off the floor to
make a motion without his consent.
enrolled resolution signed.
Mr. BKAITY, from the Committee on
Em oiled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled the
joint resolution (H. It. No. 51) authorizing
the transfer of certain appropriations hereto-
fore made ; when the Speaker signed the same.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, ics Chief Clerk, announced that that
body had passed a joint resolution (S. I£. No.
61) extending the time for the completion of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
ninth census.
_ The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 256) to provide for taking the
ninth and subsequent censuses, on which Mr.
Gakfield was enMed to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 ask unanimous eon-
sent, for the sake of saving time, that this bill
be considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and that I have a few moments preliminary to
explain the general character of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules to make thatorder, reserving halfan hour
for general debate.
Mr. BROOKS. I reserve any points of order
on the bill.
The SPEAKER. Under the motion to sus-
pend the rules the gentleman cannot make that
reservation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order now to
m°Je postpone this bill tillnext December?
ihe SPEAKER. Not pending the motion
to suspend the rules.
The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 51, noes 27; no quo-
rum voting. 4
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield,
and Butler of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report'
ed—ayes 90, noes 31.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr, PAINE. I move to reconsider the vote
^ust taken.
TheSPEAKER. That is Boiin-ordjer. The
gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the floor for
half an hour.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have
made this motion to limit debate and to con-
sider the bill as in Committee of the Whole
against my own wishes, so far as the interest
of this bill is concerned, but in the interest of
brevity, knowing how the time of the House is
crowded.
Mr. BUTLERr of Massachusetts. I call for
the reading of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. Can that be done out of
my time ?
TheSPEAKER. Not out of the gentleman's
half hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Ohio cannot be
taken from the floor by a member demanding
the reading of a bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am quite willing ib
should be read.
Mr. KERR. I hope it will be.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Can the gentleman obtair*
the floor until the bill is read?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohic?
was recognized. He rose a 4 commenced
addressing the House, and no one objected.
It is therefore too late to require the reading,
'of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope it will not be-
raled otit of order to have the bill read.
Mr. BU 1'LER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. This being an appropriation-
bill, must go to the Committee-of the Whole.
TheSPEAKER. The point is made too
late, the House having suspended the rules
and ordered that the bill be considered as in-
Committee of the Wh&le.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. When the gentleman front
Onio concludes his remarks will it then be it 
order to have the bill read, or will it be acted
upon without reading?
TheSPEAKER. Before the House is called
upon to vote on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill it will be iu order to ask that
it be repotted in full.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should suppose the
gentleman Irom Ohio would desire that the bill
should be read before he makes his remarks.
The SPEAKER. That is for the gentleman-
from Ohio to determine, and not the gentleman-
from Wisconsin.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no-objection what-
ever to the bill being read now provided it will
not come out of my half hour.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. GARFIELD. If gentlemen desire it I
am very willingthat itshould be read. I thought
they might be willing to dispense with the first
reading.
Mr. BUTLER, ©f Massachusetts. I with-
draw the call for the reading. All I desired!
was to have it read so-that 1 might make the
point of order.
_Mr. KNOTT. I call for the reading of the-
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield to have it
read, so as to save further talk about it.
The bill was then read.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am quite
sure that I cannot overrate the importance or
any bill which this House may pass to provide for
taking the next census, nor can I hope in the-
thirty minutes grunted me to discuss it wor-
thily. I can do no more than indicate some of
the leading points connected with the woik.
and toach upon tbe principles or> which it. rests.
But fov the pressure of business which now
crowds the closing days of the session I should
insist on a lull discussion of tin* whole sub-
ject,. but I yield to-neces&ity and ask the House
