THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
not to judge the measure by my support of it.
It is a noteworthy fact that the Constitution of
tin.* United States is the only one among mod-
ern Governments that provides for the taking
ot' a i.enMis of the population at regular inter-
vals. Other nations have established some
method of taking statistical account of their
people, but m ours alone, I believe, is a census
made the very basis of the Government itself.
'I he fact is also significant as indicating the ten-
tieiuy of modem civilization to find the basis ]
and source ofpower in the people, rather than in j>
d\nasties or in any special theories of govern jj
mull. It is a declaration that the population of |i
the country are the great source of wealth as well j|
as ofpower. Our wealth is found not so much ji
in the veins of rich minerals that fill the earth !■
as the purple veins of ourfree citizens. Placing \\
this high value on human nature, our fathers ;;
wisely required that at every period of ten years
we should make out anew the muster-roll and
ascertain the condition and strength of the
great army of civilization which they started
on its grand march across the centuries. This
age is preeminently distinguished by the fact
thai it recognizes more fully than any other the
reign of law; that not physical nature alone,
but man and great communities of men, are
modified and controlled by laws which are as :
old as creation. It is a part of that great re-
form which Bacon applied to science and which
modern nations are applying to politics. Before
Bacon's time, if a man desired to write about
the solar system he sat down in his closet and
evolved from his own mind his theory of the
universe. lie framed a plan for nature, and
then tried to bend her facts to suit his theory.
Bur the new system of philosophy changed all
this. It taught the man of science that he must
beeomo like a little child and sit at the feet of j;
nature and learn of her, and that only by a ;!
patient and humble study of facts and phe- jj
uomena could he discover the laws by which j:
the universe is governed. In such studies man |S
inu:-t be a discoverer, not an inventor. By jj
■-low degrees have mankind come to know that j;
law pervades the universe of mind as well as jj
of matter ; and latest of all have they come to I1
the knowledge that men and nations must be
studied, and all the social and political forces
of a nation must be examined with the same
care that the man of science studies nature
before we can frame wise and salutary laws for
the government of its people. All attempts
of philosophers to form ideal theories of gov-
ernment have been utter failures. Neither
Plato'oideal republic, More's Utopia, nor John
Locke's plan of government would ever have
been tolerated a day in any nation of the earth.
These wiiters were building kingdoms in the
realms of the imagination, not on the earth.
The sp'.rit of our tunes is far different.
When we propose to legislate for great masses
of people we mustfirst study the great facts re-
lating to tbe people; tbeir number, strength,
length of life, intelligence, morality, occupa-
tion, industry, and wealth, for out of these
spring the glory or the shame, the prosperity
or the rum, of a nation. That provision of our j'
Constitution requires us to record and consider
these great facts and to make them the basis
of our legislation. Men of ancient times re-
sembled rather the German philosopher of
whom it is said that if he was called uponto
describe a camel he would evoke a descrip-
tion of that animal from his consciousness. ,
'I he modern method would be to photograph
the camel or dissect him, and learn from ac'ual
observation rather than from the suggestion
of the "inner consciousness." I believe the ,
time is coming, atid indeed is almost here, ,
when the man who comes into this Hall as a
hgWaiorforthe people must come not_ merely
with theories, but furnished with material facts
which exhibit the condition, wants, wealth,
industry, and tendencies of the people lor
whom "he proposes to legislate, or he will be '
powerless to ser\e their higher wants. The j
black letter learning of the law will not suffice. ,
l[i- must study tbe laws which the Creator has
written in the hearts ot men, and in the eonti- '
nents which they inhabit, if he would know
how to legislate for a great nation.
This is the age of statistics, Mr. Speaker.
The word ''statistics': itself did not exist until
1749, whence we date the beginning of a new
science on which modern legislation must be
based in order to be permanent. The treatise
of Achenwall, the German professor who ori-
ginated the word, laid the foundations of many
of the greatest reforms in modern legislation.
Statistics are State facts, facts for the consid-
eration of statesmen, such as they may not neg-
lect with safety. It has been truly said that
"statistics are history in repose; history is
statistics in motion." if we neglect the one we
shall deserve to be neglected by the other. The
legislator without statistics is like the mariner
at sea without a compass. Nothing can safely
be committed to his guidance. A question of
fearful importance, the well-being of this Re-
public, has agitated this House for many weeks.
It is this : are our rich men growing richer and
our poor growing poorer? And how can this
most vital question be settled except by the
most careful and honest examination of the
facts? Who can doubt that the next census
will reveal to us more important truths con-
cerning the situation of our people than any
census ever taken by any nation ? By what
standard could we measure the value of a com-
plete, perfect record of the condition of the
people of this country and such facts as should
exhibit their burdens and their strength? Who
doubts that it would be a document of ines-
timable value to the legislator and to the nation?
How to achieve it, how to accomplish it, is the
great question.
We are near the end of a decade which has
been full of earthquakes, and amid the tumult
we have lost our reckoning ; we do not yet
comprehend the stupendous changes through
which we have passed, nor can we until the
whole field is resurveyed. If a thousand vol-
canoes had been bursting beneath the ocean,
the mariner would need new charts before he
could safely sail the seas again. We are soon
to set out on our next decade with a thousand
new elements thrown in upon us by the war.
The way is trackless, who shall pilot ns? The
war repealed a part of our venerable census
law. One schedule was devoted to slaves.
Thank God! it is useless now. Old things have
passed away, and a multitute of new things are
here to be recorded, and not only the things
to be taken and the manner of taking them re-
quires a thorough lemodeling at our hands.
If this Congress does not worthily meet the
demands of this great occasion every member
must bear no small share of the odium that
justly attaches to men who fail to discharge
duties of momentous importance, which once
neglected can never be performed.
' 1 call attention for a few moments to the ex-
1 isting law on this subject. Our census has
' hitherto been taken by the marshals of the
' United States and their assistants. There are
: fifty-two judicial districts, and a marshal for
| each district. That marshal, under the exist-
ing law, appoints his subordinates, who make
the enumeration, and through him send the
returns to the Secretary of the Interior. The
whole work is done by officers who were ap-
pointed for another purpose, and charged with
other duties ; and the work of the census is
incidental and secondary. The marshals, as
a rule, are appointed 0:1 political grounds and
with no special reference to their fitness for
taking the census, nor with any view to their
having any ppecial statistical knowledge. They
are in the main a class of uien_ appointed for
the purpose of arrests; men of the constable
order generally; and, to say tke least, not
specially fitted for this work. But even it they
were so fitted t'.iey are under the orders of the
judiciary and attorney general's department
of this Government, and they have a class ot
duties to perforin not always consistent with
the census service. 1 hev were selected to do
this work at atime when no industrial statistics
were required, but onfy an enumeration of the
population. Iience the precedent set by our
fathers is not applicable to our time. Then,
again, their districts are too large. In some
cases several States are embraced in a dtstriet.
In the State of Ohio there are but two judicial
districts and two marshals, and it is impossible
for them to have that personal supervision of
the work which is necessary to thorough work.
Again, when a marshal approaches a citizen
the proceeding can hardiy fail to have a flavor
of arrest about it. We ought, as far as possi-
ble, to free the people from all apprehension
of that sort, so that there may be a cheerful
cooperation in making the returns as perfect
as possible. It has been suggested that the
census might be taken through the officers of
the Internal Revenue Bureau. I believe it
could be done better in that way than under
the present law. But many of the objections
against taking it by marshals would apply to
that plan. Our revenue officers have now all
that they can properly do. If this duty were
added they would be under the command of
two departments of the Government, which
would be likely to result in conflicts of author-
ity. Their visits to the people would always
be connected with the idea of taxation, and this
would not be likely to give us full returns.
After a careful study of the subject the com-
mittee have recommended the plan embodied
in the pending bill. It is briefly this: it is pro-
posed to create a census bureau in the Interior
Department, under the charge of a superin-
] tendent to be appointed by the President, by
the consent of the Senate, with the requisite
j number of clerks; and that the Secretary of
j the Interior appoint an assistant superintendent
I for each congressional district and territory of
I the United States. Each district superintend-
1 ent is authorized to employ a sufficient num-
! ber of enumerators to complete the taking of
! the census in one month. Hitherto our cen-
; suses have been rendered almost valueless by
| the long time consumed in collecting the sta-
i tistics. In some cases the time consumed has
! been more than a year, and in no case less than
j five or six months. It is provided that this
bureau shall exist for but three years; that the
superintendent shall be appointed on the first
day of next month, in order that he may make
all the necessary preliminary arrangements for
the work: and that three years from the date
of his appointment the last word of the report
shall have been written and printed, the terms
of all the officers and employes connected with
, it shall expire, and the bureau shall be closed.
1 If it should be thought best to make the bureau
I perpetual for general statistical purposes, it
i can be done hereafter; but we ought not now
to complicate this with any other work, nor
i; should we saddle upon the Government at this
!! time a permanent bureau. If the officers prove
ii to the country that their further services would
1 be sufficiently valuable at the end of three
! years. Congress can perpetuate the bureau.
i " I have thus stated in brief the general plan
! of this bill. The committee believe that men
! competent for the work can be obtained in the
manner proposed, and that with no other work
! on their hands, with a proper subdivision of
i1 duties, and a sufficient force the statistics
i required can be collected within one month.
I Before leaving this point 1 ought to add a word
j' concerning the mode of payment of census
I takers and district superintendents. Theeom-
i mittee propose in this bill a substantial reform.
!; Assistants are paid under the present law for
■ the separate items of enumeration and mileage.
! For the enumeration, the assistant receives two
!; cents per capita, or two dollars per hundred,
ji whether in densely-settled districts, where he
1 could report three hundred in a day, or in
widely-separated dwellings, where the most of
! his time would be spent in traveling. The
: ruie supposesauniformity thatnowhere exists,
j' and no rule, but one that pays him for his time,
j I whether spent in inquiries or on the road, would
i1 be equitable and just. Besides this, it affords
' the temptation for multiplying fictitious entries
i in cities, without stint or control, which not
I only robs the Treasury, but cheats localities
II out of their just rights of representatinf
