558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
ings of the Senate upon this same bill? A
Senatorfrom Arkansas, Mr. McDonald,offered
an amendment involving an expenditure of
some three hundred thousand dollars, when
the following colloquy occurred :
" Mr. Harlan. In order that the Soruite may un-
derstand tins question, if they aro willing to listen
to nn explanation I sbuli be glad to give it.
"Mr. Fessexden. I will listen to it with pleas-
ure." ,
One Senator assumed that he was the whole j
Senate. j
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I trustlshall !
not be considered out of order in thus allud-
ing to the transactions in the other branch of
Congress. I refer to them not for the purpose
of reflecting upon that branch, which is not
responsible to us for the maimer in which it
discharges its duty, but that I may invoke the
House to a more careful examination of these
amendments than I should otherwise feel called
upon to ask. If these amendments are to be
probed at all they must be probed here.
Having spoken now of the amount involved
in those amendments, of the origin of the
amendments, of the treaties which it is claimed
they are necessary to carry out, I ask the House
to consider another question—whether it is
consistent with j ood faith for us to withhold
these appropriations. For, however large their
amount, however profligate the provisions they
propose to carry out, if we are hound by solemn-
obligation to fulfill those treaties we must do it.
Anything is better than a breach of plighted
faith : anything is cheaper than a violation of
our solemn obligations. But, so tar as I am
concerned, I have no difficulty on that point,
ihe difficulties which surround my path of duty
lie beyond this. To my mind it is clear that
no treaty with an independent nation is oblig-
atory upon this House when it contains within
it as a condition-precedent, that which requires
for its fulfillment the action of Congress. It is
just as plain to my mind as if it were written in
so many words in the body of the instrument
that no such treaty is to take effect until after
the passage ot an act of Congress making the
provisions contemplated in the stipulations. It,
is a part of the organic law of the land which is
known, or must be assumed to be known to
every contracting party, that no stipulation of
a treaty winch requires the action of this House
to give it effect can be binding until such action
is taken. And when the Alaska treaty was
under discussion here I had no trouble in my
own mind in regard to the power of the House
to Withhold the appropriation contemplated by
ttte treaty; for the two contracting parties
knew that the treaty could not be eariied into
oltect until after the action of a third body
whose action those two parties could not con-
trol.
- Hence if the treaties now under considera-
tion had been made with independent nations,
the fact that they require, before they can be
carried out, the passage of an act of Congress
shows that such net of Congress is necessary
to give the treaties binding effect. But the
treaties nowiii question are of a different class,
if the tnoes ana bands and parties with whom
we have entered into these agreements stand in
the light ot independent nations it is because
we choose to treat them so, and thus estop
ourselves from denying them this position.
-Ltiey are bodies of people within our jurisdic-
tion and subject to our law, and if they are in
any case independent of the laws of the United
totates and exempt from the ordinary duties of
citizens it is ouly because we ourselves say so.
I admit that we can if wc choose magnify them
ittto independent contracting Powers, and may
witjb theia bind ourselves wifch as
maeh^sojemriity as if they-were in fact inde-
pendent nations; * But it is only because wo eo
treat, them that they stand in that position.
Hence, in my view, we are met at the threshold
of tlm matter by the duty of settling the ques-
tion wlieAer fcy .aets of Congress we will treat
these tribes «{i<j biiutaiuid panties as independ-
ent natrons with whotu we shall make treaties
that' shall be as binding as the Constitution
jtself, " tfce supreme law of the land."
Mr. LAWRENCE. With the permission
of my colleague on the Committee on Appro-
priations, [Jir. Dawes,] I would like to ask
him a question. He says that we may, if we
choose, dignify these Indian tribes with the
capacity of a nation, and may so estop our-
selves that we shall be bound to treat them as
such. I wish to inquire whether he' means to
concede that the Senate, by making a treaty
with an Indian tribe, can, without the sanc-
tion of this House, give to that tribe the dig-
nity of an independent nation?
" Mr. Chairman, unless Ihave
utterly failed to understand my own language,
1 have put it t.o the House that it is by act of
Congress, and by act of Congress alone, these
treaties can become the supreme law ol' the
land. By an act of Congress the condition-
precedent in the Alaska treaty was fulfilled,
and the Alaska treaty then became the law.
Mr. CLARKE. If I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts he denies the right
of the Senate to give title to the land occupied
by these Indians?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, it follows as
ot course if the treaties are not the supreme
law of the land they make no cession of terri-
tory, and without an act of Congress it cannot
be done, in my opinion.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 wish to say that by the law
of 1867, under which this commission was
appointed, it was provided that it should re-
quire the action of Congress, and not of the
Senate alone, to ratify their acts.
Mr. DAWES. This answers but a small
partofthe (Jifficulties which surround thissub-
ject. Suppose the treaties are improvident,
suppose the money expended, or proposed to
be expended, is not a just demand upon the
ireasury, and suppose we find that the obliga-
tion is one we can set aside; we have begun but
to reach the difficulties which surround the case.
Here are the Indians upon our hands. They
are receding before the advancing wave of civ-
ilization. Once the possessors and owners of
• this land, still by treaty stipulations they are
guarantied the exclusive possession of val-
uable tracts of territory within our bordets
which the demandsof civilization and the pro-
gress of the country compel us to say they
must yield. They withdraw from time to time.
Why, Mr. Chairman, all that vast and beauti-
ful territory which lies west of Kansas and
between that and the Rocky mountains was,
years ago, by solemn treaty guarantied for
fifty years to the exclusive possession and con-
trol of a single tribe of Indians. They enjoyed
it ten years, and then we cut them down with-
out their consent to five. Now what is the
condition of that country? Threaded by rail-
roads, crossed by telegraph wires, rnn through
and through by daily stages, with stations,
villages^ towns, and cities all along the line.
And while this is going on, from the Pacific
coast the return wave is meeting them. As
they retreat their fate is even now before their
eyes, certain, slew, but sure.
The Spanish inquisition doomed its victims
to be chained sometimes to the floor of their
prison house while the outside walls were ap-
proaching silently but surely and irresistibly to
meet in the middle and crush out their lives.
To a fate, if not as outrageous and infamous,
as certain as that, by the civilization and legis-
lation and treatment of this Government, are
doomed all that vast people who once held this
country in undisturbed possession. The crisis
is now upon them. They flee from hunting
ground to bunting ground, from mountain to
valley, and from valley back to mountain. They
are pursued by this wave which is as certain to
overtake and overwhelm them as the waves of
the deluge rose above the heights and mount-
ains of the world in the olden times.
What are we to do, and what, sir, is out
duty in view of these events? There is but
one rule to follow in reference to the Indian.
If he is fed he is quiet; if he is hungry he will
fight That simple rule governs tlie whole
case. I have shown that to fight them is a
hundredfold worse than to ratify these treaties
_ Mr. ROGERS. I am as willing as any man
in the United States to carry out in good faith
all contracts which I may as an individual
make, and any contract made by the 0 >vern-
uient through its appointed ogenls I will faith-
lully observe and vote to carry out. Now f
understand the gentleman to say that, no treaty
can be made without the sanction of this House.
Has either House given its sarCiou to these
tieaties? It not, aecoiding to the gentleman's
tneory no treaties were made, and we are not
bound in the matter under consideration.
JUr. DAWES. I do not think that this House
is part of the treaty making power. I do claim
that when a treary is made wiih an independ-
ent Power and contains in it a stipulation that
it cannot take effect till something is done
which this House has got to do, then before it
is binding this House must do that thing. And
inasmuch as nobody has any control over the
action of this House, the only way to construe
that provision of the Constitution which says
that a treaty is the supreme law of the land
is to say that the treaty is made with a condi-
tion implied that it shall not take effect until
the House has approved that act, the House
being no part of the treaty-making power, but
an independent third power appealed to iu the
treaty.
What, then, Mr. Chairman, must we do ?
These treaties were made to rescue the coun-
try fioin war. There are twenty thousand of
these Indians now gathered together, more or
less, on reservations, expecting the fulfillment
of these treaties, and just as sure as we ad-
journ without fulfilling them or doing an equiv-
alent will we be involved in another Indian
war with all its horrors and all its cost to tue
country.
Mr. BINGHAM. Did not the act of July,
1867, prescribe what treaties should be made?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; the act of Julv,
1807, said nothing about what sort of treaties
should be made. It did appoint a commission
to go out and make treaties.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Does notthat act expressly
provide that the commission shall not only
make treaties wiih the Indian tribes, but also
that they shall assign to them certain reserva-
tions of land to which they are to be removed'
Mr. DA^VES. Oh, certainly.
_ Mr. DICKEY. And those reservations sub-
ject to the approval of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Those reservations, as my
colleague on the committee says, subject to
approval. But I ask my friend from Ohio if
because the act appointed a board of commis-
sioners to go and make treaties that bound
this nation iu advance to those treaties, what-
ever they might be? It only authorized the
commissioners to make treaties in conformity
with the Constitution. Does my friend hold
that not even the action of the Senate was
necessary after the treaties were made to make
them binding? Why, the whole force and
etiect ot the statute was to create a commission
for the purpose, but the treaties were to be
made as all others are. We sent a board
of commissioners to treat with Great Britain
during the war of 1812. By act of Congress
we sent five men to Ghent to make a treaty of
peace with England. "Did that ratify in advance
whatever treaty they might make? Certainly
not. It only aruthorized these men to make a
treaty in conformity with the Constitution and
laws.
Bufc, to come back to the question, what shall
we do? There have beeu various methods
proposed.^ First, these treaties are proposed.
Ihen, m lieu of those treaties, there have been
wise and philanthropic gentlemen from Phila-
delphia and elsewhere proposing to take the
management of these Indians off from the De-
partment, if they can be furnished with funds,
and see what kind treatment can do in the
place of war. It has been proposed to station
the Indians with soldiers upon reservations by
themselves. I am not prepared to stale what
should finally be done with the Indians. That
something must be done now does any man
who has studied their character, condition, and
