1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
necessities entertain a doubt? We must either
take upon us the obligations of these treaties for
thirty years or more, and prevent the adoption
of any other policy, or we must now provide a
substitute in the shape of either a permanent
or a temporary policy. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have considered this, matter in all
the various lights in which they have been able
to view it, and from a conviction that it is the
duty of Congress, first, not to take upon itself
the obligations of these treaties; and secondly,
to provide against the consequences of aban-
doning these Indians to certain war, have re-
solved to ask in lieu of the proposition made
by the Senate, which is to create a mixed
commission consisting of ten men and the
Indian department together to manage these
tribes, an amendment in these words :
And that there be appropriated the further sum
of 6-,000,000, or ho much thereof as may be necessary,
to enable the President to maintain peace among
and with the Indian tribes, bands, and parties of In-
dians not otherwise provided tor in this act, and to
promote civilization among saidlndians, bringthem
when practicable upon reservations, relieve their
necessities, and encourage their efforts at self-sup-
port; a report of all expenditures under this appro-
priation to be made in detail to Congressin December
next.
The adoption of that amendment will in-
volve an expenditure of $2,000,000 instead of
!p4,000,000. It will thus save us $2,000,000
now, and will save us all the immediate con-
sequences of taking these treaties upon our
shoulders. It puts the responsibility where it
belongs, with the Executive. He is at liberty
under this provision to appoint such of these
benevolent gentlemen as he may have confi-
dence in or to omit to appoint them. He may
bring these Indians upon reservations if he
sees lit. He may expend the money in ac-
cordance with the treaties without ratifying the
trpatifs. He can do everything, so long as the
$2,000,000 last, that the treaties if ratified would
require at our hands. And when we come
together in December we shall have the benefit
of Ins experience in whatever line of policy he
may adopt, either for our instruction or for our
avoidance. We shall have peace preserved.
\\ e shaii have whatever more may be accom-
plished in the way of promoting the civiliza-
tion of the Indians or their attempts at self-
support. We shall have whatever can be ac-
complished in gathering them together and
bringing the scattered bands into oue commu-
nity. in establishing as far as is practicable
schools among them, in feeding and clothing
them, and in whatever the Indian character
and our relations to it demand at our hands.
The committee are unable to see any other
alu-i .ritive that promises so much good. They
di.-l.ke as much as anybody can to put appro-
priations at the disposal of an Executive with-
out laws prescribing exactly how they are to
be expended. But it is not unusual. In exi-
gencies, in emergencies, it is often done. And
when we require a detailed report at the next
session of Congress we throw up around it all
the safeguards which can be provided. It is
impossible for us to prescribe beforehand in an
enactment just what is to be done, for the ex-
penditure of the money depends upon sudden
emergencies and exigencies and upon different
conditions of things impossible to be foreseen
in an enactment. To a great extent at best ail
the expenditures for the Indians must be at
the discretion of some department, and rather
than trust $4,000,000 to be expended under
these treaties by the Indian officers now in
existence, now holding commissions, it were
better, in my opinion, to throw it into the sea.
Oue of the things recommended by this very
peace commission was that Congress should
pass a law wiping out every Indian agency in
the land, so corrupthave those officials become.
In their report, which I hold in my hand, they
recommend that Congress shall "pass an act
fixing a day not latorthanthe 1st of February,
18(50, when the offices of all superintendents,
agents, and special agents shall be vacated.''
They say " such persons as have proved them-
selves competent and faithful may he reap-
pointed but they propose to begin anew, to
wipe them all out, and if anybody can prove
himself honest to let him comeback. It is into
the bands of such men that the Senate, in the
manner that! havedescribed to you, have voted
upon this bill the expenditure of $4,000,000.
The Committee on Appropriations propose in
lieu of that to put $2.000,000 at the disposal
of the President of the United States to do
what in him lies to keep the peace, and to civil-
ize, to educate, to feed these people. If any
gentleman has a plan more feasible, more just,
more safe, more economical nobody will hail
it more gladiy than the Committee on Appro-
priations. if 1 could have the House pass upon
this measure in advance as a test vote between
the treaties and this plan we should know
what to do with the other amendments ot the
Senate; and 1 again ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to offer this amendment
out of its order for a test vote, so that we may
be governed by the result in our action on the
other amendments.
Mr. CLARKE. I shall object unless I can
have an opportunity of offering what I hold in
my hand as a proviso.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can certainly
offer any amendment. The amendment of the
committee will be open to amendment.
Mr. CLARKE. No, sir; the gentleman
does not understand. It would require a sus-
pension of the rules to enable me to offer this
proviso.
Mr. McXEELY. I object.
Mr. CLARKE. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there further objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks ?]
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will be obliged to
move that the committee rise, in order that I
may move to have the rules suspended and the
order made which I have indicated : but first
I will appeal to gentlemen on the other side to
save time by not objecting, for otherwise I must
move tbat the committee rise.
Mr. McXEELY. I must insist on my objec-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Scofiei.d having taken the. chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Judd reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole, pursuant to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
12i, making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and forfuHiliingtreaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that it be ordered that when
the House shall again resume in Committee
of the Whole the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill
the first amendment to be considered shall be
amendment No. 152, and the second amend-
ment to be considered shall be amendment
No. 140.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in the affirmative) the rules were sus- j
pended and the order made accordingly. j
Mr. CLARKE. I ask the gentleman from i
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to yield to allow ,
me to move that the rules be suspended in j
order that I may move in Committee ot the :
Whole the following amendment: j
Provided. Thnt from and after the passase of this
act the Indian tribes jn the States and Territories of
the United Slates shall be held to be iue.ipab'e of
making treaties with the Umtedtftates, and no such
treaty shall hereafter be made.
And provided further. That no convention, agree-
ment, or contract between the United Si ares and any
Indian tribe made, entered into, or r itifi -d alter the
p issage and approval ot this act.authei mn^or pro-
viding for the pay mens nf money from the Tivu^U' y of
the United States, or ihe sale or other disposition of
the public lands or Indian reservations, in whole or in
part, whether hold in severalty or in common, shall
have force and effect either hi law or equity, or be
enforced by any officer of the United States, or of any
State or Territory, unless the enforcement thereof
shall be authorized by an act of Congress passed aud
approved subsequent to its date.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to allow the gen-
tleman to make the motion ; but I hope ihe
House will vote it down, for it will be certain
to defeat the whole bill if adopted.
Mr. CLARKE. It is the precise proposi-
tion offered by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indiau Affairs in the Senate. And I
have no doubt that if adopted by this House
it will also be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. DICKEY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
fiei.d.) Not without unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask consentof the House
to occupy five minutes in explanation of uiy
proposition.
Air. DICKEY. I object.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Clarke for the suspension of the rules 5
and (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
it was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES/ I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Judd in the
chair.) and resumed the consideration of ihe
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
123, making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1870.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
made under a suspension of the rules the first
amendment of the Senate to be considered in
Committee of the Whole is amendment No.
152, being an additional section^ which the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. And be it farther enacted. That the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to organize a board of commissioners, to
consist of not more than ten persons, to be selected
by hiui from men eminent lor their intelligence and
philanthropy, to serve without pecuniary compensa-
tion, who may, under his direction, exercise joint
control with the Indian department over the dis-
bursement of the appropriations made by this act, or
any part thereof that the Picsideut may designate.
And to pay the necessary expenses of transportation,
subsistence, and clerk hi^e of said commissioners
while actually engaged in said service there is hereby
appiopuated, out oi any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum. oi 825,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move that thi3
amendment of the Seuate be concurred iu,with
an amendment to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That there be appropriated the further sum of
$2,000,000, or «o much thereof as may be necessary, to
euuole tue President to maintain thepeaec among
and with the various tribes, bands, and parties of
Indians not otherwise provided for in this act, and
to promote civilization among said Indians; bring
them, where practicable, upon reservations, relieve
their necessities, and encourage the!r efforts at self-
support; a report of all expenditures uuder this
appropriation to be made in detail to Congress in
December next.
The question was upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I wish to submit to the committee some
views of this question founded upon an exam-
ination of the legislation npon tue subject up
to the present time, and some consideration of
the question of constitutional law involved.
In the early history of the country we began
making treaties with the Indians. They were
then denizens of the soil, holding it by force
of arms against the weak colonists then just
beginning to people these shores. But the very
theory of our occupation was that vye received
title as against them to the lands trom ocean
to ocean. I call the attention oi the llou^e,
bv wav of .liustration of the theory upon winch
the colonial grants proceeded, to the grant ot
King James, if I remember rightly, to Con-
necticut. That grant was for the width of the
