560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
State of Connecticut through from ocean to
ocean. When it reached the line of New York
that grant was defeated by the prior claims of
the Dutch, and after crossing the western line
of Ohio, then Virginian territory, now known
as the '• Western Reserve," it failed because
of the rights claimed there by Spain.- All
European nations claimed that the title to lands
in America became vested in the civilized na-
tion that took possession and brought under
their jarisdiction portions of it. Upon that
theory treaties were made not admitting the
right to the soil as in the Indians, but admit-
ting merely their possession of the soil. This
has been from the earliest period of our history
down to the later days. In the earlier times such
treaties were necessary for the preservation
of peace; in the later times they have only
been made either for the purpose of stopping
wars or for the purpose of acquiring lands, gen-
erally in the interest of private individuals.
Now, what is the effect of those treaties ?
I have no doubt that in some sense they may
be looked upon as contracts; but I deny that
they have ever been regarded by the United
States as treaties between independent nations,
or that they have any binding force and effect
as such. They are claimed to be "thesupreme
law of the land," but they are not supreme over
Congress, not supreme over the law-making
power. For it was long ago held that the pro-
vision of the Constitution making treaties the
"supreme law of the land" does not raise
them above the Federal laws, but only above
the laws of the State. In other words, the
States and their local authorities, in their treat-
ment of embassadors or other foreigners Upon
our soil, through their courts or otherwise, can
do nothing which may embroil this Govern-
ment with foreign nations. I deny, therefore,
that any treaty made with any government is
supreme above the laws of Congress, much less
these treaties with Indian tribes. The Consti-
tution and the laws of Congress are supreme
over all.
In the second place, if these treaties are to
be looked upon in the light of contracts, then
I submit that there is no contract with these
Indians which a law of Congress cannot abro-
gate. The Constitution provides that—
" No State shall pass any law impairing tbe obli-
gation of contracts."
The well settled maxim of the law, inclusio
unius exelmio alterius, sufficiently determines
and illustrates this proposition. Therefore,
this whole question is within the power of
Congress. 1 agree with my colleague, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, that the time has come when,
for the interests of the United States, we must
assert this power. If both branches of the
Government, by positive law affecting individ-
ual rights or the rights of communities, founded
upon considerations apparently passing from
the parties interested to the Government, make
enactments which are in the nature of contracts,
or if such an agreement, made for instance by
the President and the Senate, is subsequently
ratified and enforced by the other branch of the
Government, from that hour such agreements
become, ifyou please, moral obligatiousof Gov-
ernment, with which we ought not to interfere.
Ihferefore, we are now to say whether we
will agree to the ratification by this House of
these treaties which the peace commissioners
negotiated with the Indians. Two objections
aie made to our adoption of these views iu
considering this question. The first, objection
is that tuis House is not a part of the treaty-
making power. I agree that it is not. Assum-
ing that these were proper treaties, and that
these tribes were proper parties with whom to
make treaties, I agree that this House is not a
part ot the treaty-making power; but it is a
part of the treaty-ratifying power, in the sense
m which I use the term, in other words, no
treaty made by the President and the Senate
which requires appropriations of money to
earry it out is binding upon this Government
or upon the people until the House has passed
upou the question.
And, sir, this is no new doctrine. On the
occasion of the first treaty made under Wash-
ington's administration a claim was set up by
the Executive that the House had no discre-
tion in regard to carrying out the treaty ; and
that claim, as gentlemen all remember, raised
in the House a storm of indignation. I am
referring now to what is known as Jay's treaty.
The question was debated for many weeks*,
and the appropriation of money necessary to
carry out the treaty was finally made only
in consequence of the personal influence of
George Washington. Tbe appropriation was not
agreed upon until the House made an author-
itative declaration that they only yielded their
assent because they were agreed to its pro-
vision, but that they had a clear right to with-
hold such assent. Therefore the House took
the ground in that day that the nation was not
bound by any treaty that contained in it as a
condition-precedentan appropriation of money
until the House itselfbv its action had ratified it.
Therefore I do not consider valid the objec-
tion that the House is not a party to the treaty-
making power.
We are now here to say whether we will
consent to bind this nation to the provisions
of these treaties for the next thirty years, be-
cause if we once begin I do not see where we
shall stop.
The next answer to the views I have pre-
sented is that the Senate and House appointed
this peace commission to go out and make
treaties ; and as we especially reserved the
power in Congress to ratify or reject the res-
ervations of land set apart by those treaties,
we gave otherwise unlimited power of treaty
making. We told tbe commissioners to go and
make treaties with these tribes of Indians, but
with no greater or further power than we
usually give to commissioners to make treaties
with foreign nations. The very exception of
power as to lands reserved shows that we main-
tained our rights over the soil. That question
we considered wholly in the power of the Uni-
ted States.
But this discussion is rendered less valuable
because a change has come over the whole pow-
ers of Government in this regard. Whatever
may have been the effect of treaties heretofore
made, whatever may have been the binding force
of the treaties made with these Indians, just
before these treaties were made a great clvin^e
had taken place in the power of making these
treaties. I suppose no one will doubt all these
Indians "are in the United States, and within
the jurisdiction thereof." Then, if that be
so, the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion requires to be considered. That provides
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
btates, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States, and of tile States
wherem they reside,"
Nov/, then, this brings us to this question :
can the Government of the United States, can
the Senate and President of the United States
make valid treaties with a portion of the citi-
zens of the United States? Can we make valid
treaties with a portion of the people within our
own jurisdiction ? j
But if it be answered to that these Indians ■
are not citizens of the United States, I reply i
that by the fourteenth amendment to the Con- j
stitution they became citizens, not with polit- ;
ical power, but with civil rights; not with •'
political rights to any and every extent, but yet !
they became citizens of the United States. I j
can bring to the attention of the House many !
citizens of the United States who have no :
political powers and no political rights, so far I
as taking part in the Government of the United ■
States. The minors under twenty-one years
of age are citizens of the United States, and 'j
yet they have no political powers and no polit- :|
ical rights. Women are citizens of the United '!
btates, although they have no political powers ;i
and no political rights. 7'hese persons have 1
no political rights; but still they are citizens !l
of the United States, and we have the right to >
make laws for their government. So, too, "
these Indians, although they are citizens of the
United States, have no political powers or
political rights ; but ihey are within our juris-
diction and under our laws. We have the
power to make laws to bind them : and I sug-
gest to the House, as the best opinion ut>on
which J can act on this question, that there is
no validity in any treaty attempted to be made
between the United States and any tribe of
Indians upon its own soil since the ratification
of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution.
Let me restate my position. It is that since
the ratification of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution, by which every man born
in the United States upon the soil and within
the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the Uni-
ted States, although some may not be clothed
with all political powers. No treaty can be
made by the Executive and Senate "with any
portions of those citizens which is operative
and binding. To prevent the construction that
this provision should clothe all the Indians with
political power, the second section provides
that representation shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective
numbers, counting the whole number of the
people of the State and excluding Indians not
taxed. So, then, a taxed Indian is to be clothed
with political power. The fact of his being an
Indian does not prevent it. Only he must be
a taxed Indian to clothe him with that power.
Now, so far as 1 can understand this ques-
tion, so far as my mind can compass it, I can-
not fail to be convinced by the logic of the
necessity of the case that all these treaties are
yoid : that there can be no treaty made with any
portion of the denizens of our own soil. Not
stopping, however, to look at this question
merely upon the narrow ground of actual en-
actment, let us look at it more broadly in its
governmental relations. What an anomaly it
is that a great nation is to be making a treaty
with a portion of the denizens of its own soil.
Suppose no constitutional enactment was before
us on this subject; look at it under the great
law of nations and as a matter of governmental
policy. It seems to me the strangest and most
abnormal aetion that a Government ever took.
It never was taken by any other Government.
No other Government ever found itself in this
peculiar relation. 1 think, without referring to
the fourteenth article of amendment to the Con
stitution, that this practice of making treaties
has long been vicious and illegal, and in my
judgment it never would have been main-
tained for a moment after examination had it
not been that large sums of money, large trac's
of land, and large lights could be acquired
through this treaty-making power.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, has demonstrated that we
never observe or carry out these treaties, and
that whenever we get ready we alter them—
whenever we choose to trespass upon the lands
of the Indians. That shows that the whole
system of treaty making has been an anomal}'
which should now be brought to a close. These
treaties are for all time if they are to be held
as treaties between nations. Now we have
this peculiar state of things: that treaty stipu-
lations made many, many years ago for a con-
dition of things then existing are still running
on, and we are appropriating money under
them, although the whole cause lor them, the
whole matter, which they weie made about, is
changed.
Let lite give you an illustration : take the
treaty with the Cherokee Indians or Cr<-ek
Indians.^ It provides that they shall have an
appropriation of money for all lime to support
'' light horsemen." What is that lor-.'
there were light horsemen who patrolled lb
keep slaves from running away from tbe Slates
into the Indian country. It was a mere patrol
to enable them to take care of slave-. Then
the Cberokei-s were located in the southern
part of the country. Since then they have re-
moved to the West, their distinctive tribe its a
nation has passed away, and slavery has been
abolished. Yi>l this treaty continues. Slavery,
