1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
for which these light horsemen were used, hav-
ing gone out, the light horsemen still ride, or
more properly speaking they do not ride; but
the money goes out of the Treasury to pay
them for riding. Every year since 1817. or
thereabouts, we have made an appropriation
of about one thousand dollars annually for this
purpose.
Again, to show how Indian affairs have gone
on. in 1834 it was attempted to remodel the
Indian system, and an act was passed codify-
ing the laws in regard to Indians up to that
time. A section was put into the act which
empowered the President to make such pres-
ents to Indians as in his judgment he should
think fit of agricultural implements and other
articles useful in domestic life. Now, what do
you suppose was the entire amount which was
appropriated under that law to be given to the
Indians? Five thousand dollars in all, for the
very same purposes that we are now called upon
to appropriate in this bill of $2,000,000.
And as to all this feeding of Indians, how
do you suppose, Mr. Chairman, it originated ?
It was provided in that law that the President
of the United States should order that such dam-
aged rations as could he spared from the mili-
tary posts without injury to the service might
be given to the Indians. Out of that provision
has grown up the practice of feeding the In-
dians, until now we are called upon to appro-
priate in this bill some $3,000,000 for that
purpose—$2,000,000 in a single lump. So that
it is quite time that the House of Representa-
tives, the guardiansof the purseof the nation,
should take this matter in hand. How are
the^e Indian treaties ratified? Why, you have
already heard from the Globe, read by my col-
league, [Mr. Dawes,] how Indian treaties are
made by the Senate with only three men vot-
ing on the question. I can call a living Senator
to witness that he had been in the Senate and
there were only two others present in the Cham-
ber—one who acted as the Senate apd the other
who was chairman of the committee—when
a treaty was presented and ratified covering
thousands and thousands of acres of land and
calling for the appropriation of thousands of
dollars.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the gentleman state
what treaty that was?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
remember, but it was a treaty which is now
"the supreme law of the land.'' There are
seldom many votes cast on the ratification of
these Indian treaties, but on this occasion the
Senate was composed of one man besides the
chairman of the committee. A friend asks me
if two thirds of that man concurred in the treaty.
[Laughter.] I do not know. 1 suppose the
whole of him did, because I think the other
man was his colleague,who was there keeping
him in countenance.
Now, then, with these facts before us comes
the grave question, what shall be done ? I
will not stop to deal with the provisions of
these treaties, because I have heretofore called
the attention of the country to them in the last
Congress. If they were wiser than they are
I should still be opposed to ratifying^ them,
holding them to be unconstitutional, void, and
of none effect. They bind us to give to these
Indians more than is the average income of the
fanners in our districts. Let me take one treaty
as an illustration, because there are gentlemen
here now who weie not here when I called
attention to the subject in the last Congress.
The treaty provides, first, that each Indian
h« ad of a family shall have three hundred and
twenty at res of land, and eighty acres for every
male "and female in his family over eighteen
years of a«e who choose to cultivate it. Then
that every head of a family shall have a yoke
of working oxen and a good cow. then that
every head of- a family shall have bl00 worth
of fit tiling tools ouch year lor four years and
twenty dollars premium if he raises a £ond
crop. Then ovety man, woman, and child is
to h iv<> a good suit of clothes, including stock-
ings and underclothes.
41sr (Joxu. 1st Sess.—No. 3(5.
In addition to that every man, woman, and
child above four years of age is to have a
pound of meat and a pound of flour every day
for four years. The clothing is to go on for
thirty years. In addition to that they are to
have a school and a teacher for every thirty
children, a physician with a good house and
medicine gratis, a farmer to teach thein to
farm, who is to have a good house, and a
blacksmith for every one hundred families. In
addition to that, they are to have a saw-mill
and a grist-mill built for them, with a com-
petent engineer to run them, who is to have
a .good house. Then they are to have an agent
with a clerk to do all their business, and he
is to have a good house not exceeding S3,000
in value.
These are the provisions of these treaties,
and they are to be kept np year in and year out.
Many of these provisions are to last for all
time. The feeding is to be for four years and
the clothing for thirty years. If the Indians
get ready to clothe themselves in less than
thirty years, then they are to have the same
amount of money put into the school fund for
their use. Am I not light, therefore, in say-
ing that more is provided for these Indians
than the average income of the farmers in our
districts ?
What, then, is the alternative? I agree
with the Committee on Appropriations that
we must feed these people. We have sub-
stantially destroyed all their means of getting
a living, and they must fight or starve And
fighting means this : if they cannot be fed they
will go and prey upon any property they can
find, and that brings on a collision. and that
collision is called a war, and that war costs an
immense amount of money.
And here, gentlemen of the Committee of
the Whole, we have this most remarkable
spectacle, that there are two lines running
across this continent, the one north of the
United States and the other south of the
United States; imaginary lines that cannot be
found without the use of astronomical and sci-
entific instruments. The Indians roam over
the lines at will, of course, never knowing
where they are. But we can always trace
those lines, because above the line north of us
there never is war with the Indians, while be-
low that line, south of it, there are always dif-
ficulties and trouble with the Indians. Above
that line no appropriation need be made for
the Indians, while below that line there must
always be appropriations made for the Indians.
And so with the line south of us, between the
I*nited States and Mexico; south of that line
no Indian appropriations are necessary, but
north of that line there are continual Indian
wars, and Indian appropriations are always
necessary. And it is ail the result of the bad
and vicious system of legislation, and adminis-
tration consequent thereon of Indian affairs.
Nay, more, we could not raise the stars and
stripes over Alaska for a single year where
there were Indian tribes without having these
two things: Cist, an Indian war, and second,
Indian starvation, to meet which Congress
was called upon to make an appropriation.
Russia for many years had had jurisdiction over
that territory, and no appropriations were made
to feed the Indians, and there were substan-
tially no Indian wars there. But t.he moment
our "flag floated there that moment we begin to
hear of Indian wars and Indian starvation,
and it required that a portion of the Army be
sent there to deal with the Indians. And the
next thing we hear from there is the cry that
the Indians there are starving and Congress
must make an appropriation to feed ihem. It
would seem that wherever onr flag floats in
the vicinity of an Indian it carries starsation
with it for'the Indian. But that is not the real
difficulty. The difficulty is that it carries with
it men who for their own greed and gain desire
appropriations to be made. I think I can
speak from the card, after a two years' exam-
ination of these Indian affairs as a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, and as the
chairman of the snb-comroitfee to which this
matter was referred 1 can state to t.he House
that in my judgment ri.'.t fifteen percent, in
value of your entire appropriation sever reaches
the Indians or is applied to their use. 1 say
not fifteen per cent , and i think 1 set the pro-
portion full high.
I am therefore in favor of what has been
reported from theeommittee, that S"2 001) 000—
and I should be willing to make it $3,000,000,
for I do not care how in uch the money is-—shall
be placed in the hands of the President for the
purpose of feeding and taking care of these
Indians, and for the further purpose of seeing
that that is properly done, and that men of
that class who went out ill our sanitary com-
missions, in our Christian commissions, who
sent out school-teachers to the negro, and who
are ever found in the front \n every good work—•
I care not. what denomination ot Christians
they may be—shall be associated with the In-
dian Bureau for the purpose of dealing with
these poor creatures—denizens of our soil,
wards of the nation—dealing with them hon-
estly and faithfully.
1 do not know, nor do I predict even that
this will be a success on their part: but it is
the best, plan which now promises success. It
is an experiment that ought to be tried. What
we have been trying for fifty years past has
failed, and signally failed. And this seems the
best project by means of which to deal with this
very troublesome and very important question.
Therefore I hope the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations as I understand it
will be adopted. And I hope that the amount
of money pioposed to be appropriated will be
increased, because there are large claims on
that fund now for what has been done. I shall
move at the proper time to increase it to
$2,500,000, for 1 assume that the President will
not spend more than is necessary. And many
of our Indian wars—they should not be called
wars, but mere conflicts and raids—many of
them have been brought on from the failure
of the appropriation to feed them before we
could get around and make a new appropria-
tion. Therefore, as I believe the President,
the Secretary of the Interior, and those men
to be associated with them will not spend a
dollar in this way more than is necessary, and
as I do not want them bound by any treaty
whatever to spend a single cent of it unless in
their judgment it is best to feed and civilize
these Indians, I trust the appropriation will be
made liberal enough.
Upon the question whether we will or will
not stand up against these treaties I hope the
House will stand as firmly as the rock of
ages ; that we never will agree to them. Let
war come: let anything come that may come,
before we will agree to them, and begin again
to perpetuate ttiis vie ous system of treaties
with the Indians. And I trust, as  e fixed our-
selves upon that position before, we will main-
tain our stand theie now. The House, it will
be remembered, heard this question upon ita
merits on one of the first days of this session,
and adopted a resolution asking the Senate to
join with us in the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to endeavor to adjust these differences.
That resolution, which was sent over to the
Senate, has never been acted on. nor, 1 believe,
even considered. The Indian appropriation
bill failed in ttie last Congress because of the
impossibility of adjusting these differences. I
propose that we now stay here all summer, if
necessary, to adopt proper legislation upon
this question.
I we'id to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I would like
to get the opinion of the committee upon the
question whether they will go on and dispose
of this bill this afternoon, or take a recess till
half past seven o'clock this evening. I think
we are about ready to take the vote on the
pending; amendment. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Lawhexce] wants to make a few remarks,
ami then 1 would like the vote to be taken on
this question. The vote upon this proposition
