562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
will settle the question with reference to a
variety of other amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
move that the committee rise ?
Mr. DAWES. Not at this moment.
Mr. Clarke obtained the floor.
Mr. ALLISON". I appeal to the gentleman
from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] to allow a motion
to be made that the committee rise for the
purpose of taking a recess. I am perfectly
satisfied that we cannot go on now and com-
plete this bill, in view of the debate that seems
to be indicated.
Mr. CLARKE. As it seems to be the desire
of the House to adjourn or take a recess, I
have no objection to yielding with that view.
The CHAIRMAN. The order for an adjourn-
ment or a recess cannot be made in Committee
of the Whole. Does the gentleman move that
the committee rise?
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise. I propose to ask the House to order
that debate in Committee of the Whole shall
terminate in half an hour, and also to order a
recess, that this bill may be resumed this
evening.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. J hdd
reported that the Committee of the Whole pn
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the bill (H. R. No. 123) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole upon the Indian appropriation
bill all general debate shall terminate in half
an hour, and that the committee shall at half
past four o'clock take a recess till half past
seven this evening.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 185) to continue in force an
act entitled '"An- act to extend the charter of
Washington city," &c. ;
An act (S. No. 195) to carry into effect
the convention of July 4, 1868, between the
United States and Mexico for the adjustment
of claims;
An act (S. No. 200) relating to freedmen's
hospitals; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 8) for the relief
of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee lands in
Kansas.
ELECTION CONTEST EGGLESTON VS. STRADER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
prebented additional papers in the contested-
election case of Eggleston vs. Strader, from the
first district of Ohio ; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
choctaw and chickasaw fund.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, inclosing a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, in relation to the re-
imbursement to the Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indian fund, and recommending an appropri-
ation of $7,008; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
FLATHEAD INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, inclosing a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, in relation to a lia-
bility incurred for the relief of the Flathead
Indians in Montana by their agent, amounting
to $6,885 87, and recommending an appropri-
ation therefor; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations. ;
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Honsea
communication from the Secretary of thel reas-
ury, asking for an appropriation of $25,000 for
the service of that Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
ELECTION CONTEST NEWSHAM VS. RYAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of News-
ham vs. Ryan, from the fourth congressional
district of Louisiana; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
ELECTION CONTEST BOYDEN VS. SIIOIiER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of Boyden m. Shober, from the seventh con-
gressional district of North Carolina; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
SAMUEL M. DYER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the petition of Samuel M. Dyer, for the removal
of political disabilities ; which was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
RECESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock, in order
to have an evening session on the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, moved that the
House adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
52, noes 73.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered : and Mr. Beaman, and
Mr. Jones of Kentucky, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 40, noes 72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
ELECTION CONTEST SYPHER VS. ST. MARTIN.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, that Louis St. Martin, claiming
a seat from the first congressional district of
Louisiana, was ineligible, being unable to take
the oath of office prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL, on the part of the minority,
was granted leave to bring in at some future
time a joint resolution for the removal of the
political disabilities of Louis St. Martin, one
of the claimants in the contested-election case
of Sypher vs. St. Martin, from the first con-
gressional district of Louisiana.
BANKING AND CURRENCY.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move, by unauimous
consent, that the amendments of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency to the bill which
came from the Senate on that subject be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. RANDALL moved that the House
adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
51, noes 65.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall,
and Mr. Washrurn of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 60.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 79, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bpnton. Bicrgs,
Bird, Boles, Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Duval, EWridge,
Get , Golladay, Hamitl, Thomas L. June.-', Knott,
Lash, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McCormiek,
AIcNeely, Moffet, Morgan. Nihlack. Poland, Potter,
Randall, Readme:, Reeves, lliee, flowers, Sioeum, ;
William J. Smith. Worthingfon C. fc'imth, Stone,
Swann, Siveeney, Taffe, Trimble, V:in An ken, Wells,
Willard, Etigene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, anil Woo'ltvpnl—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Asper, Banks. Beaman. Beatty, Bingham, Blair,
Bowen. Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett,Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Churchill. Amasa Cobb. Coburn. Cook,
Conger, Cowles, Crebs, Davis. Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Ela, Ferriss, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfil lan, Hawkins, Hay,
Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hopkins. Hotcbkiss, Ingeraoll,
Judd, Julian, Kelley,Kclsey,Ketcbnm, Knapp, Laf-
hn, Lawrence, McCrary, McGrew, Merour, Jesse H,
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, John A. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevens, Stoughton, Tanner, Tillman, 'iown-
send, Twiehcll, Tyncr, Upson, Yan Horn, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Welker, Wilkinson, and
Witoher—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Axtell, Bailey,
Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton 1. Cobb, Cullom. De-
weese, Dickinson, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, Greene,
Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hale. Hambleton,
Hamilton, Hawley, Hoag, Holman, Hooper, J enckes.
Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Kerr Logan, Bough-
ridge, Lynch, McCarthy, Eliakim H. Moore, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Negley, Paine,
Palmer. Peters. Phelps, Sanford, Schenck, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Steven-
son, Stiles, Stokes, Strader, Strickland. Van Trump,
Voorhees, Ward. William B. Washbnrn, Wheeler.
Whittemore, Williams. Winans, and Wood—70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Secretary, informed the House that
that body had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the joint resolution (S. No. 19)
enabling actual settlers to purchase certain
lands of the Great and Little Osage Indians,
asked for a conference of the two Houses on
the disagreeing votes thereto, and had appointed
as conferees on the part of the Senate Messrs.
Pomeroy, Harlan, and Davis.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess till half past seven o'clock this even-
ing, to meet in Committee of the Whole and
consider the Indian appropriation bill; and on
that I demand the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman if it
is the design to take a final vote on this bill
to-night?
Mr. DAWES. I want to do it.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that we agree
to take a final vote on it to-morrow morning.
Mr. GARFIELD. If you do that, there will
not be anybody here to-night.
Mr. DAWES. I think we ought to take the
vote to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet at, twelve
o'clock on Thursday next.
The question being put, there were—ajes
28, noes 74.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I deruaud tellers.
Mr. JUDD. Yeas and najs. We might as
well reach it at once.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, if the gentleman
from Illinois is disposed to filibuster, lie may
have the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes twenty ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. Will it satisfy the gentleman
if we agree to finish the bill to-night in Com-
mittee of the Whole and take a vote in the
House on its passage in the morning?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And do nothing else
to-night?
Mr. DAWES. And do nothing else to-
night.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all we ask.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. Is it in order for the House by a
i majority to make such a rule ?
! The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent or a suspension of the rules. Does
' the gentleman object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to suspend the
! rules to make that order.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to: and it was accordingly ordered that the
House take a recess till half past seven o'clock
this evening to meet in Committer of the
