1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill, with
(lit* ui,demanding that no other business should
be transacted, the final vote on the bill to be
taken to-morrow.
Thereupon (at four o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p. ni.) the House took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., pursuant to order, in Committee
of tlie Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
.fuiiD in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the amendments of the Senate to the
Indian appropriation bill. The pending ques-
tion was on the amendment offered by Mr.
Dawes, on which Mr. Clarke was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
purpose to enttr into any very extended remarks
in reference to our Indian policy. That ques-
tion has frequently been discussed in this House.
So olten as our annual Indian appropriation
bill lias been considered here just so often have
we heard denunciation of Indian frauds and
derogatory comments upon our Indian policy,
and various plans and schemes have been pro-
posed looking to the settlement of this much
vexed question. My first impressions in regard
lo the Indians were received from my native
State of Massachusetts, so ably represented in
part by the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, [Mr. Dawes.] Like him, judg-
ing from the very eloquent speech delivered by
hitn this afternoon, 1 gained some of my im-
pressions of the Indian characterfrom Cooper's
novels and other publications of an imaginary
description. But, sir, since I have been a resi-
dent of a frontier State, since I have seen the
real operations of our Indian policy, I must
confess that my views have somewhat changed.
I have come to regard the question more as a
practical one, which should be dealt with hy
practical legislation, and I have come to regard
public discussion of the question in the news-
papers and in Congress as leading to very little
practical results.
1 can admire as much as anybody in this
House the eloquent discussion which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts entered into this
afternoon with reference to the rapid progress
of our civilization and in reference to the final
destiny of the remnant of the once powerful
Indian tribes which exist in the central portion
of the continent. But. sir, looking at this
question from the inception of our history down
to the present time, it behooves us as members
of Congress to look at the question as a prac-
tical question, and one which must be dealt with
in a practical manner, and which cannot be
met ' " ' ' ' * ' u"
m
oi      .. ^
agree in the main with the propositions laid !
down by the chairman of the Committee on j
Appropriations in his speech of to-day: I think j
thev are sound : I think they are correct; but i
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate. If 1 know anything in
reference to the sentiment of the Senate on
this question, if it were properly brought before
it, as it would be if incorporated in this bill,
all my information leads me to believe that it
would be sustained by the Senate, and thus in
the very bill now before us for consideration
we should send out to the country at the close
of this short session of the Forty-First Con-
gress a declaration that hereafter no more
treaties, out of which all this corruption and
wrong have arisen, shall be made with the .
Indian tribes of the United States. i
Now, Mr. Chairman, in my opinion the evils I
of which we complain arise out of the corrup- i
tion, the illegality, the misuse of what is called ,
the treaty-making power, which I propose to i
terminate by the simple amendment which by }
the rules I am deprived of an opportunity of !
offering to this bill. In former discussions j
upon this floor on this subject in which I have i
engaged I have endeavored to show by figures j
and by the facts which exist in my own State '
and elsewhere on the western frontier the dele- j
terious effects of this policy which has been !
pursued by the other branch of Congress, show- >
ing that vast quantities of public lands, num- 1
beriug in Kansas alone, if treaties now before
the Senate are ratified, ten or eleven million
acres of the public domain of the United States
transferred, under the guise of thetreaty-making
power, into the hands of' corporations and
speculators as against the rights and interests
of the people of the whole country. Why, sir.
to a solution of this Indian question. Under
the circumstances I agree to the propriety of
that proposition. I believe that it is the best
thing Congress can do, so far as our appro-
priations are concerned.
But where is the plan, where is the policy,
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] spoke of in his eloquent remarks this
afternoon? This is simply a proposition to
appropriate money. It gives the largest lati-
tude to the Executive of the United States,
and I have no doubt but what he will use it
wisely. But without Congress indicating any
po'iicy it places the sum of $2,000,000 in the
hands of the Executive for the purpose of deal-
ing with this Indian question.
Now, what I propose is that while we place
this $2,000,000 in the hands of the Executive,
which I am willing to do, because I have great
confidence in the integrity, intelligence, and
ability of the President of the United States
to deal with this question, because I have con-
versed with him and I know the views he en-
tertains upon it—while I am willing to do all
this, yet after these $2,000,000 have been ex-
pended, then at the next session of Congress
this very t,ame old question which has returned
to us year after year will come back as unset-
tled as it is now. By this proposition, in my
judgment, we settle nothing, because we refuse
to deal with the real, vital difficulty which ex-
ists in this matter and which brings this trouble
upon us, in reference to which the gentleman
I from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] complained
I so eloquently this afternoon, and in reference
| to which he and every other member of this
: it was only on yesterday that this House was f .
| called upon, in the performance of its duty ij House and every citizen of this country ought
• and as a simple act of justice, to pass not less j, and have a right to complain. ^
i than three bills having for their object the " ' J " ""
relief of not less than twenty to twenty-five
thousand of frontier settlers who have been
the victims of oppression and wrong and injus-
tice in consequence of the abuse of the treaty
power. All this is admitted.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bct
But, I say again, we do not establish any
j policy by this bill; on the contrary, bypassing
j this proposition of mine we will declare that
| this whole treaty system shall be hereafter term-
1 inated ; that no "additional treaties shall be
j made with these Indian tribes by which addi-
tional complaints are caused and out of which
ler] made an argument this alter noon going to j this difficulty shall again grow up in the future.
show the illegality of this treaty system._ The
gentleman from Massachusetts, the ehairmau
of the Committee on Appropriations. [Mr.
Dawes,] in answer to a question which I asked
him during his remarks this afternoon, said
that it was entirely outside of the province of
the Senate of the United States to dispose in
any manner of the Indian lands without the
concurrence of this body. I am no lawyer,
but I have great confidence in the legal ability
of both of the gentlemen from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes and Mr. Butler :] and I am glad
that in this discussion we have added their
is entirely illegal and improper and ought not
to be permitted to operate any longer; and it
is because there is this general concurrence ot
ncv   - -,   i opinion in reference to this question, it is be-
1 must express my surprise that when I made j cause prominent legal gentlemen in this House
a proposition to the House looking to a terrain- 'j entertain no doubt of the ulegahty^ot the ac-
atiou of those evils of which he so justly com- Ij tion of the Senate in reference to tms matter
is I was met with the objection that the H of transferring Indian lands to corporations and
iosition ought not to be incorporated in |; speculators, that it seems to me that a simple
appropriation bill because it would insure j; proposition like this whicu I have proposed
ought to be accepted by the House and sent to
the Senate for its action. L^-tthe Senate take
plains
piopo
this appropr
the defeat, of this bill in the Senate.
Mr. DAWES, it was not from any opposi
tion to the gentleman's, amendment.
Mr. CLAUKE. Sol understand. I think
I did not misunderstand the gentleman in
rcliueuce to that point. The gentleman said
lhat if my proposition was incorporated into
lijis Inli it would secure the defeat of this bill
in tin- Senate. On the contrary—and I would
-have been glad of an opportunity to state it at
the time—the very amendment which I pro-
posed, and which has for its object the termin-
ation of this treaty system by declaring that
these Indian tribes shall hereafter be held to
be incapable of making any treaties with the
United States, and that this whole question
shml hereafter he dealt with by laws ot Con-
uress, was substantially proposed in a bill
which 1 hold in ray hand by Senator Harlan,
the responsibility of rejecting a measure which
proposes to terminate this corruption, this
wrong, and this injustice, which is not only
inflicted upon the Government, which not only
calls upon us to appropriate yearly many mil-
lions of dollars, but, as I have before said.
We shall have made one declaration at last,
j which means something, which {he people of
I this country will understand, which the Indians
i will understand, and which will result in giv-
| ing Congress, and not one branch of the same
i merely, the jurisdiction of this whole question,
i Now, Mr. Chairman, in my judgment the
S remnants of the Indian tribes which exist in
i the United States ought to be dealt with as we
deal with any other class of people. The laws
of the United States ought to be as effective
over our Indian reservations as they are effect-
ive over any other part of our country. How
easy it is for the Department of the Govern-
ment having the control of our Indian affairs
to ascertain through the agents and superin-
tendents who are located in the Indian country
the wants of these Indians ! How easy it, is
for the proper Department of this Government
to make its report to Congress annually setting
forth the exact conditions of the various Indian
tribes 1 If the Senateof ihe United States, act-
ing as one branch of the treaty-making power,
have sufficient information upon which to act
in the ratification of Indian treaties, certainly it
is easy enough for us as the popular branch of
the national Legislature, representing the peo-
ple of the United States, to obtain that inform-
ation, upon which we can act, by which no
injustice should be done tc the Indian tribes,
and by which this whole question could be
settled, instead of leaving it to the treaty-
| making power.
I hold in my hand figures taken from the
inflicts injustice and wrong and outrage upon !j eighth census of the Lnited Mates, whic.i give
those gallant men who to-dav are bearing the !j the whole number ot Indians in the United
banners of civilization on our western frontiers, ;■ States existing in a tribal capacity at two Hun-
dred and ninety-tour thousand Jour hunurea
and thirty-one. 1 have taken occasion to ex-
amine the various reports submitted in years
past in reference to the number of Indians
: existing in the country, and I have no hesita-
tion in sa\uig here, Inun mv i\vn obxjrv.ition.
that one oi :ho greatest sources ot
' ing in reference to this whole Indian bu^ness
and who to-day are doing so much to add to
the wealth, development, and progress ot the t
Republic. _ j
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is proposed by the ■
Committee on Appropriations to strike oat of ;
this bill something Hue throe million doliais,
as I understand it, and to substitute a general
proposition appropriating $2,000,000 looking
