564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
is in the fact that if the number of Indians
could be counted there are not more than one
half existing to-day who are borne upon the
rolls of the Indian department and reported
to the two Houses of Congress as the basis for
action in our annual appropriation bills. I
have never seen any intelligent, disinterested
gentleman who has traveled in the portion of
the country occupied by Indian tribes who has
not come to the same conclusion.
Mr. Chairman, w3 have a report sent to Con-
gress giving the enumeration of Indian tribes,
when I undertake to say there has not been a
correct census taken of the wild tribes on the
plains within the last twenty-five years j and I
doubtvery much whether there everwas. Ithas
not been possible, in the true sense of the term,
to enumerate the wild tribes whicli roam over
the great plains in the interior of this country.
Yet, sir, we have reported to us annually the
exact number of these Indians, and on this
basis we are called upon to make appropria-
tions. The management of the Indian Bureau,
as it has existed for the last four years, has been
wholly inefficient, and Congress ought to have
firmness enough to meet this question as it
exists and to strike this evil at its very found-
ation.
Mr. WILKINSON'. Will the gentleman
from Kansas inform this House how these ex-
travagant publications are made up?
Mr. CLARKE. The gentleman from Min-
nesota represents a frontier State like myself,
and he has as much information on the subject
as I have. I believe they are made up on a
purely fictitious basis, made up by interested
parties, made up by persons interested in get-
ting possession of the appropriations made
here year after year. These reports have been
made up by Indian agents, who generally ob-
tain their office because they want to obtain
something more than their salaries. They
have been made up by Indian superintendents,
because they have been generally, with some
honorable exceptions, engaged in speculating
on the Government, instead of looking after
the true interests of the Indian tribes.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish the honorable
member from Kansas to inform the House how
these Indian agents and superintendents can
get money by furnishing a larger roll of In-
dians than the actual number under their
control.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Chairman, it will be
remembered that during the progress of the
late rebellion it was a mooted question how a
quartermaster having the rank of captain could
remain in the service for two or three years on
a salary of $100 or £150 a month, and then
retire from_ the service with an accumulation
of twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars. That
is oneot those mathematical questions in refer-
ence to which there is some room for discus-
sion. But in reply to the question of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota I will say that these
Indian agents in Minnesota, in Kansas, in Ne-
braska, and elsewhere have numerous methods
in which, by increasing the number of Indians
returned as under their control, they can add
largely to the drafts which they make upon the
public Treasury, and add largely to the profits
they themselves receive indirectly through the
licensed tiaders and the various combinations
existing around almost every Indian agency in
this country.
I know that the gentleman from Minnesota, j
representing as he does a frontier State, can- I
not be a stranger to the combinations made by
these Indian agents upon our frontier looking
to the robbing of the public Treasury and the
plundering of the funds which ought to be
devoted to the protection of these Indian tribes,
it cannot be possible that any intelligent man
who has resided upon the western frontier and
watched the progress of' our Indian affairs is
ignorant of the various manipulations by which
these appropriations are con trolled and diverted
from their true and legitimate purposes.
The gentleman from Massachusetts near the
close of his remarks asked, how are we to
foal with this question? How is the question
to be settled ? Sir, the propositions which are
made to us by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, as I have already said, settle nothing.
We are simply making appropriations as we have
made them before. We are simply saying to the
President of the United States that in dealing
with our Indian tribes he may exercise his own
discretion; he may follow his own judgment; he
may pursue, in other words, whatever policy
he pleases. As I have before remarked, 1 have
confidence in the discretion of the President
and in his ability to manage this question.
But I believe that it would be better for Con-
gress, in view of the magnitude of the subject,
to lay down a settled policy, to establish rules
and regulations for the government of Indian
affairs. One thing, at least, we should do, we
should terminate our system of treaties.
Mr. Chairman, a great deal has been said
in reference to the treaties which were made by
the peace commissioners. Now, sir, I never
was in favor of the peace commission. I am
quite familiar with the operations of that com-
mission during a period of two or three years.
I do not believe that there have been any such
good results from this experiment on the part
of the Government as would warrant anything
like a repetition of it. And while that experi-
ment has been a failure, I want to put on
record my belief that if the Congress of the
United State's shall now go on. as is proposed i
in this bill, making appropriations without lay- ;
ing down or indicating any settled policy, the !
experiment in which we are now engaged will j
also be a failure. Because I believe that any 1
such experiment must be a failure, that this |
Indian question will come back to trouble us !
next year as it troubles us now, and as it has j
troubled us for a series of years, I for one am j
anxious that we shall insert in this bill a dec- j
laration by which the great source of evil from j
which all this trouble has arisen shall be cut
off. I hope, therefore, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, will consent that the
amendment which I proposed this afternoon
shall be offered. I hope, at least, that inas-
much as he is engaging in an experiment, he
will let it go far enough to ascertain whether
the Senate will not agree to it, whether some-
thing of a positive character for the good of
the people of the country and for the protec-
tion of the public Treasury and of the Indians
themselves shall not he declared and estab
lished in this bill. Let him withdraw his oppo
sition to this amendment and let it be adopted,
and let us try the experiment, at least, and see
whether or not the Senate will not cousent to
so just and equitable a provision.
I was sorry to hear the gentleman from
Massachusetts say that this bill would be lost
if this amendment should be adopted because
it is so near the end of the session.
Mr. DAWES. It is not on that ground that
I put it. Does not the gentleman know that
the Senate has committed itself to these trea-
ties and to its power over the whole subject, as
the treaty-making power? Does not he know
that in this struggle we shall have all we can
do to save this bill? If I could see, as the gen-
tleman thinks he does, that thisprovision could
be adopted by the Senate, I would go heartily-
for it. But I think if we can rescue this bill
in the manner indicated we shall have accom-
plished a great deal more than I am afraid we
shall be able to accomplish. I am afraid it will !
be lost between the two Houses in its present
shape. i
Mr. CLARKE. Sir, while it is true that 1
we accomplished something in this bill, while :
I am willing to agree to what the gentleman
has said on that point, at the same time I want '
to take such action as I believe it is possible
for us to take and such as will prevent the re ,
turn of this whole vexed question next year to '
the Halls of Congress. The amendment I pro- :
pose doe3 not in any way interfere with any !
treaty which has been made and ratified up to ;
the present time. It, proposes that, hereafter
no treaty snail he made. And I wili </ive the ^
gentleman from Massachusetts another reason
why I am exceedingly anxious that this amend-
ment should be adopted now.
There are this moment some half a dozen
treaties before the Senate of the United States
waiting its action, and which it is possible may
be ratified if the Senate should be in execu-
tive session after the adjournment of ihe two
Houses, a single one of which, with the Chero
kees, will pledge this Government, as staled
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. LiwiiencbJ
the other day, to the payment of twelve or
fifteen million dollars. That treaty with the
Cherokees may result in ceding away to cor-
porations and speculators a vast quantity of the
public domain. Then there is the Osage
treaty and five or six other treaties of like
character, equally pernicious, equally destruc-
tive of the rights of the people and of the In-
dians, waiting ratification in the Senate. That
being so, with this evil impending before us,
and with the prospect of incurring obligations
in the aggregate to the amount of from twenty-
five to perhaps forty million dollars, it seems
to me it is high time that we should devise
some remedy by which the evil may be arrested,
and I propose we shall do it by asserting the
legitimate authority of the House over this
whole question. It is because of this imme-
diately impending evil, and because there is a
chance to arrest it, that I am so anxious to
have my amendment incorporated in this bill.
But, sir, I have already said more than I
intended to say upon this question. I merely
rose for the purpose of giving some reasons
why it seemed to me this amendment should
be incorporated, why it seemed to me we should
not adopt any half-way policy, and why we
should, in the discharge of ourduty to the Gov-
ernment, to the Indians, and to the landless
millions of the country, take hold of this ques-
tion and strike at the root of the evil by adopt-
ing a policy instead of an experiment, by winch
this whole question will be settled. I now
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to make a speech on this bill or its pro
visions, butonly to give to the committee some
reasons why the amendment offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions should be adopted as in my judgment the
best thing that can be done. As stated by him,
this House sent to the Senate a bill containing
appropriations to the amount of $2,43s.81b.
The Committee on Appropriations in the Sen-
ate, after going over every item of it, added to
it. appropriations amounting in the aggregate
to §681,311. After that was done, witnout
reference to or consideration by any commit-
tee, on suggestions from the Committee on
Indian Aliairs and other members, the Sen
ate added to the bill, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, 32.919,483; so that
the bill which left us with less than two and
a half million dollars comes buck to us now
with over six million dollars, only jjOSl.OOO
of which was considered in the Committee on
Appropriations of the Senate, and it comes
back to us after both Houses have agreed to
adjourn on Saturday next. This $3,ti00.000
added in the Senate involves the consideration
of the various treaties—the very question that
this House had refused to consider ; a question
that the Senate knew very well the House had
^ refused to consider. The Senate knew that
| the House had stricken these provisions out
; of the previous bill, and still ibey are a-ain
j fastened on and sent to the House 'within tour
j days of the close of the session. The Com-
! mittee on Appropriations were entirely sans
' '!e<' it, was impossible to pass a hill that
i would meet the concurrence of the Senate
going into details in regard to all these items,'
am! that the only way was to bridge it over by
Mime gi-nera! appropriation whereby the In-
dians could be cared for and kept at peace
dm ing the intervening summer months j and
then, when we come hack in December fur the
long session of Congress, we can have fnli,
free, and fair conference with the Senate about
ail tli«'he treaties, and adopt some policy. It
is because it is within three or four days of the
