1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
whether independently of that act there be
anything in the nature arid character of the
treaty-making power which authorizes the
treaties which have been made ; for, as I have
alieady remarked, I regard that question as
siHiU-d by the action of this House again and
again on various occasions. Sir, I was very
m.ieh gratified with the decided and emphatic
vole taken yesterday in this House on the bill
i i-ported by the Committee on the Public Lands
iu relation to the Cherokee neutral lands, as-
serting again the doctrine which has so often
been affirmed in this House that the treaty-
making power is not competent to dispose of
the public lands of the United States. The
vote yesterday was on a bill substantially the
same as the one I had the honor to introduce
on the same subject in the last Congress, and
it was a vindication of a principle for which I
have long contended, and I regard it as settled
now so far as the action of this House can set-
tle it. I will not -weary the patience of the
committee by arguing the question whether we
ought to agree to the Senate amendments mak-
ing appropriations to carry out so-called treaty
stipulations, for it is already well known that
the House does not regard them as obligatory.
The appropriations said to be required by these
tieatiesare injudicious and extravagant in the
last degree. They settle no policy and only ag-
gravate the evils they were designed to remedy.
1 come now to the amendment reported by
the Committee on Appropriations. I agree
with my colleague on the committee from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] and other gentlemen who
have spoken on this subject that it is our duty
to do something to preserve the peace with the
Indian tribes. It is a duty we owe to them.
It is a duty we owe to our citizens residing on
the frontier. It is a duty we owe to humanity.
It is a duty enjoined upou us by reason of the
course we have pursued in our past legislation
for many years. But what shall we do? If
Congress had not determined to adjourn on
Saturday next, I would say, first of all, before
we make any appropriations in relation to the
Indian tribes let us determine what our Indian
policy shall hereafter be. Now, it will be seen
that this amendment as it comes from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations defines no Indian
policy. It settles nothing. While it seems to
ignore the past it lays down no positive rule
for the future. Instead of performing our
whole duty by deciding how the Indian tribes
shall be managed it proposes to intrust to the
President a fund of ยง2,000,000, without en-
abling him to settle definitely any Indian pol-
icy. It ties his hands by a limitation which
pays to him, 11 You shall employ this money to
preserve peace, to promote civilization among
the Indians, to bring them, if practicable,
upon reservations," &c.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentlemau yield for
a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he understands it to be the
purpose of this proposed amendment to enable
the President to administer this ยง2,000,000
through the agency of the civil Departments of
the Government or through the agency of the
Army? I would like to know what his con-
struction of' this proposition is.
Mr. DICKEY. Say either.
Mr. LAWRENCE. My understanding of
this amendment is that it leaves it entirely dis-
cretionary with the President to determine the
mode in which he will administer this fund,
whether through the machinery of the Army,
or through the civil machinery of the Indian
Bureau, or otherwise; it is left entirely to his
discretion.
Xow, 1 need not repeat that, I have the utmost
confidence in the President; that 1 have every
confidence in his capacity, in his integrity, and
in his sound judgment. But this proposition
of tin! Committee oil Appropriations is a fail-
mi' i.i perforin the duties which rest upou us.
it is an attempt to throw upon the President a
u.ilv which belongsto us, but which we decline
topeil'iiim. As 1 have already said, thisaniend-
metit of the Committee on Appropriations,
while it proposes to give the President certain
powers, attempts to mark out in some degree
the path he shail follow, but really settles r.o
definite mode of managing the Indians. And
I undertake to say that it not only furnishes no
remedy for acknowledged evils, but it scarcely
deserves the name of a palliative. It involves
us in still further difficulties and leads us in the
future into still greater trouble.
It is left to the discretion of the President
to determine whether these Indians shall be
taken upon reservations where practicable.
Suppose the President determines that it is
desirable to select out one, or ten, or twenty
detached reservations and plant upon them as
many detached bands or tribes of Indians;
then suppose that at the next session of Con-
gress it should be decided that it is practicable
and desirable to locate all the hostile Indians
upon one reservation, you will have these
Indians already located upon detached reser-
vations, buildings erected for them, money ex-
pended, agricultural implements bought, and
the various tribes in some sense located and
fixed. At the next session of Congress we may
determine to undo all that work. The appro-
priations now made will only serve to render
necessary a greater expenditure than would be
necessary if we wereat once to adopt a definite
and settled Indian policy.
When the act of the 20th of July, 18G7, was
passed it was one of its purposes to have the
report of a commission that might enable us
to settle some definite Indian policy. Well,
sir, we have their report, made to the Presi-
dent of the United States on the 7th of Jan-
uary, 1868, and found in Executive Document
No. 97, of the second session of the Fortieth
Congress, It has been upon our tables for
more than a year, for nearly fifteen months.
It concludes with eleven recommendations or
proposed modifications of existing laws. But
none of those recommendations has been con-
sidered ; there is no Indian policy yet settled
upon. There is a recommendation in this report
that we should gather all the hostile Indian
tribes on to one or two reservations. Now,
if that policy is to be pursued, and the recom-
mendation of this peace commission is to be
followed out, we must at no distant day gather
up the hostile bands of Indians and locate them
on a separate reservation or reservations, and
there take charge of them in such mode as
Congress may deem best ; and in that way
prevent the perpetration of hostilities and the
infliction of cruelties upon our border settle-
ments.
Now, if 1 might venture to suggest an Indian
policy. 1 would say that it seems to me that
where the tribes of Indians are in the uudis-
turbed possession of lands, where there is no
conflict between them and the settlements of
citizens, where they are capable of taking care
of themselves, we ought to let them alone.
But wherever there is a conflict between the
white settlements and the Indian tribes, result-
ing in hostility or in danger of hostility, we
ought to remove such hostile tribes and locate
them on one reservation. If all the Indian
tribes of the United States were gathered to-
gether and placed on one Indian reservation
their number would not be so great but that
we could extend over them one Indian govern-
ment.
We have been told to-night that already one
hundred thousand Indians are. earning their
own living by the sweat of their own brows
and bv their own industry. They are so far
civilized that they cultivate the soil aud pro-
vide for themselves. We cannot, afford to open
one vast boarding-house for the remaining
tribes without imposing upon the people of this
country such increased burdens of taxation as
ought not to be tolerated for one moment. I
say. then, let us gather these tribes together.
I say, Mr. Chairman, let us gather up these
tribes of Indians wherever they are hostile or
dangerous aud put theui upon one reservation ;
establish a civil government over then to be
conducted, if you please, by the mare intelli-
gent Indians; place the military arm of the
Government in close proximity to them, and
establish such Indian agency or bureau in the
immediate vicinity as may be necessary. In
this way by civil government and by the rail-
itaiy arm you can preserve the peace, instruct
the Indians in agriculture and other peaceful
arts, civilize them and let them earn their own
living. You will thus save millions to the
Treasury, and will at the same time advance
the cause of humanity and civilization and
Christianity among the Indian tribes.
Now, until the Committee on, Indian Affairs
shall devise some better plan than that 1 shall
on every suitable occasion urge it with such
improvements as I can gather from others more
enlightened until this or something better shall
be adopted. It is because I want some settled
policy that I am opposed to the mode of pro-
vidiug a temporary expedient, which theameud-
ment now before the committee contemplates.
It is a measure which only puts off the evil day
and makes it more difficult to meet the ques-
tion which sooner or later we must meet and
settle by the action of Congress. The sooner
we settle it the sooner we shall relieve the coun-
try of the vast expenditures of money now
rendered necessary by the corrupt and vicious
system of conducting our Indian affairs, which
has afflicted and cursed the Indian tribes and
the country for years and years past.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman think
that we can agree upon any such policy as he
proposes before the adjournment next Satur-
day?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, sir; but we can
rescind the resolution for adjournment on Sat-
urday. 1 am speaking of what we ought to
do; and if the interests of the country require
that we shall rescind the resolution for adjourn-
ment, let us do it.
Mr. DAWES. It is now three orfaur wseks
since my friend from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence}
has, as a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations, had this question of Indian affairs
committed to him by order of the House. I
desire to inquire of him what progress he has
made in perfecting an Indian policy ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I will
answer the gentleman. I am but a new mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations ; but
I had always understood it to be the business
of the Committee on Appropriations to provide
for the appropriations authorized by law. But
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has taken charge of the Indian affairs. _ By
this amendment, coming from the committee
over which he presides, he has taken charge
of the subject of Indian affairs, and has pro-
gressed so far as to propose that Congress shall
ignore its duty and hand over the whole sub-
' ject to the President without chart or compass
; to guide lnm. This is the skill with which he
. conducts Indian affairs!
I Mr. DAWES. Does my friend feel that the
I chairman of the committee has taken out of
I his hands any duty upon which he had set his
i heart? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, sir. The chair-
man of the committee knows very well that I
never spoke upon the subject of the manage-
ment of Indian affairs except on one other
occasion prior to this. That is the extent to
which I have taken up the subject ot the man-
agement of Indian affairs.
Mr. DAWES. The profound silence which
the gentleman has maintained has given me
great encouragement to think that he was
laboring upon a policy which in due time he
would bring forth to the astonishment and
delight of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, Mr. Chairman,
if my project should not bring forth better
. fruit than that of the gentleman from Massa
chusetts it will be ft wonderful abortion.
1 [Laughter.] That is all I can say on thatpouit.
' The amendment now before the committee
uops not profess lo carry out any provision ot
law. It IS not reported under thr> provision
! of any law. It is independent legislation. It
