1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. DAWES. This amer.dmentoftheSenate
provides for the payment of expenses incurred
by General Harney to the amount of $485,784.
The Committee on Appropriations were at first
disposed to recommend non-concurrence in this
amendment, but upon farther consideration the
committee determined, with' the amendments
which have already been adopted, to submit
the matter to the Committee of the Wholeaud
take their action without any recommendation,
certainly without any adverse recommenda-
tion.
Mr. LA WHENCE. I suppose it is proper
to state that this is an appropriation to pay an
expenditure not authorized by law.
Mr. DAWES. I was going to state the facts
in the case. When the peace commission
went out on their work they placed in the
hands of General Harney $200,000 of the
$500,000 that Congress appropriated, andsent
him up the Missouri river to gather in the tribes
there and supply their necessities for the then
winter. He got up there and found those
tribes in a very necessitous condition, starving
anil freezing and warlike, and disposed to
make trouble. General Harney exhausted his
$200,000, and with a full knowledge that that
was the limit of the appropriation, he never
theless went on to expend money in pur-
chasing necessities for those Indians to the
amount of this sum of more than §48-3,000
in addition to his 8*200,000. The whole testi-
mony of the peace commission and of every
one who knows General Harney is that he is
strictly honest and had the good of the service
at heart, but he was extravagant to the last
degree in these purchases. He purchased not
only food, but farming utensils, and sent them
up the river at a time when the water was so
low ihat. he had to pay five and a half cents
per pound freightage upon those utensils. He
purchased not only what was necessary to keep
the Indians alive and comfortable, but matters
looking to future operations—plows and other
farming utensils and oxen and cows; he went
on in the spirit of the treaties which had
already been and were subsequently made with
those bands looking to the future civilization
of them. He purchased those goods of firms
in St. Louis and elsewhere, and shipped them
at this enormous expense up to those Indians.
That was done by him under an order of Gen-
eral Sherman which sent him there with the
5200,000, without, however, any authority to
go beyond that mm The goods have been
purchased ; they tn.ve been had by the In-
dians. General Hamey was entirely honest
in his transactions throughout the whole affair.
But the expenditure illustrates what I tried
to show this afternoon in reference to the ex-
travagant character of the treaties themselves.
It shows the mode in which money was ex-
pended by this Indian peace commission. No-
body desires to reflect upon the integrity of any
member of that commission. The question is
submitted by the Committee on Appropriations
to the Committee of the Whole whether they
will pay these bills or not. The Committee on
Appropriations did not feel that an item so
Urge as this one of $-184,000 should be thrown
into a conference committee, and there dis-
posed of in the dark, but that it ought to be
disposed of by the House one way or the other.
Therefore they desire the action of the House
upon it, and there ought to be a full House
when it is finally acted upon.
That these bills will be ultimately paid I have
no doubt. 1 have no doubt that when an agent
ot the United States, under these circumstances
and with tln< honest purpose, makes these out-
lay^, and with these beneficent results saving
us from a continuous Indian war, we should do
two things : pay the bills ami stop farther pro-
ceedings of the kind. Lei the agent be allowed
to on no further, but let us under no circum-
stances subject ourselves to the reproach of
reining to pay bills honestly inclined by oar
agent,. It is in our power to put a stop to
further proceedings of this character. For
myself, I prefer to pay all these bills and have i
done with them. I
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. I move to .
amend the amendment of the Senate by striking
out "$484,000" and inserting "$480,000,"
for the purpose of calling the attention of the .
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Dawes,] and of the Committee of the ,
Whole to what has not been adverted to in this ■
discussion. In addition to this $484,000
General Harney spent about $250,000. This .
$484,000, if I remember aright, brings him up !
to the 1st of March, or about that time, in '
feeding these Indians and making contracts to '
feed them. Then he has made contracts, and ;
must expend the money if he carries out his
plan up to the 1st of May next. He has made
contracts for that purpose, and that expendi-
ture is now going on. So that up to that time
he calls for some two hundred thousand or two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, which j
should be added to this $484,000, making a |
total expenditure of from seven hundred to j
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars. !
I wish to say that after a very careful exam- !
ination of this matter—having during the last
Congress made a written report upon it which i
has gone upon the files of this House—I have ,
come to the same conclusion that has been j
come to by the chairman of the Committee on i
Appropriations. [Mr. Dawes.] that this ex- :
penditure was honestly, but most extravagantly
and lavishly made. It presents this very em- ■
barrassing question: an agent is sent out by \
the Government with S200,000 to do a certain
work for the Government: he goes on and ;
spends that $200,000 and some seven hundred j
thousand more, yet although we know the
expenditure is as bad as bad can be—I mean
in regard to the business manner in which it
was made—I fear we are called upon to vote
this appropriation to meet it: I see no escape
from it, because if we do not make this appro-
priation then hereafter nobody will answer the
calls of the agents of the Government, for no
man can tell, who is in business, whether there j
is an appropriation behind the call or not. !
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen- 1
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to :
say that we are bound to pay any expenditures 1
any agent of the Government may incur, even i
without authority of law ? |
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. By no I
means. We are not bound, except morally iu !
this way: the expenditure was made by our ■
agent in good failh and with honesty. He did
the best he could, the best he knew how to do:
and men trusted him, believing they were doing
the best for the Government, and relying upon
the faith of the Government to pay this expend-
iture.
Mr. DAWES. It is due to General Harney
to say that he gives this as a reason for what
he did: that a great many more Indians came
in than he expected, or than the commission
supposed would come in, and it was necessary
for him to make a larger outlay than anybody
had any reason to expect. That is one of the
reasons given by him.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the gentleman will
allow me I desire to ask him a question. It
seems to be conceded on all hands that these
expenditures were extravagant, and that we
are under no legal Or moral obligation to pay
them. But if we are to pay them, ought there
not to be—I put the inquiry to the chairman of
the committee—some investigation to determ-
ine what would be an honest amount to pay?
Why should we pay the aggregate of the bill
when it is admitted that the expenditures were
extravagant?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If my
colleague [Mr. Dawks] will allow me. I will
answer that question. There is a difference
between an extravagant expenditure and a dis-
honest one. If this man had agreed to pay
more than the things were worth, it would ha\e
been a dishonest transaction. But he paid what
the things were woit'it at the time, it cost at
mat time live ind a half cents per pound for
the transportation of the articles n inch he sent
up the river for the use of the Indians, the high
price resulting from the low state of the water,
causing great danger to the boats and conse-
quently high rates of insurance. The price he
paid was a fair price for the service at that
time ; it could not have been done for less: it
ought not to have been done for less. But that
was an extravagant time to transport goods up
the Missouri river.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Why did he transport
them up the Missouri river?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Because
he bought them at St. Louis, and these Indians
were on the reservation at the headwaters of
the Missouri river—a poor place for a reserva-
tion, I may say in passing.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botlep.]
whether it was not important at that time that
whatever was done by this peace commission
for the benefit of the Indians should be done
at once, and whether it would have been good
policy to wait till the prices of transportation
should become cheaper'! 4
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about to say that it was thought to be neces-
sary at the time that this transportation should
be done.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why, then, was it extrava-
gant if it was done in the best manner in which
it could be done at the time?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It wa<
done in the extravagant way I have stated, at
extravagant prices.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment as amended; which was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the Seuate
amendments in their order.
First amendment:
Amend the third paragraph of the bill so as to read
asiollow;-:
For the pay of eleven superintendents of Indian
affairs and of fifty-nine Indian Sgeuts, $llt;700: as
iollows.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert afrer line fifty-three the following new par-
agraph:
For pay of sub-agents, three in Oregon and two in
Washington Territory, So,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a propo-
sition with the view of getting through these
amendments more rapidly. 1 ask unanimous
consent that except where some gentleman
desires a sepaiate vote oil any particular prop-
osition the amendments in reference to which
the Committee on Appropriations recommend
1 concurrence be concurred in in gross, and the
amendments in regard to which the com r.ittee
recommend non-concurrence be nou-eoneurred
in in gross.
Mr. DA WE 3. I was about to submit that
proposition. I hope it will be agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLAIIKE. I observe that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend non con-
currence in the sixteenth amendment, which
proposes to insert the following new paragraph:
For this amount, to pay I. C. D. BJackburti for sub-
sistence furnished to the friendly Kiowa, Ooui:mcne,
and Apache Indians, and to the Wichita and oth.r
afii'.iated bandsof Indians within She
at Fort Cobb, in the Indian territory, .siV\K41 5S.
I desirf to ask the chairman of the co u-
mitu-e [Mr. Dawks] what distinction it. pini-
ciph* the committee make between this amend-
ment and the proposition to pay Hie debts
contracted under the authority ot General
Hal ney ?
Mr. DAWES. I will state, iu answer to the
gentleman from Ivansas, that the amendment
to which he refers rests upon the same priu-
