574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3-58) for the relief of Joseph P. Fyffe,
commander in the United States Navy, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a claim for
$2,000 by an officer of the Navy ; and I should
like to have it considered now. Does anybody
object to it?
Mr. "WILSON. Yes, sir; I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection ismade.
notice of a bill.
Mr. WILSON. I would ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution, but I
do not expect unanimous consent to be given
any more this session. I therefore give notice
of my intention to- ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution authorizing the President to
appoint a commission to make a survey across
the Isthmus of Darien for a ship-railroad or a
ship-canal. I intend to introduce it to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Notice will be
entered on the Journal.
judicial system.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to Sen-
ate bill No. 44, to amend the judicial system
of the United States,
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
been returned with an amendment from the
House of Representatives, to which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary propose amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question will be
on the amendments of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will first report the amendment of the House,
and then the amendments reporte'd by the
committee as amendments to the amendment
of the House.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can save
time if the Senate will let me state what this
is. The bill, as it passed the Senate, is familiar
to every one, I presume. It authorized the
appointment of nine circuit judges and one
Supreme judge. The House amended the bill
by way of substitute; but the substitute is the
Senate bill over again, excepting that they put
upon it a retiring clause. The retiring clause
of the House provided that judges over seventy
years of age who had served ten years on filing
a certificate with the President of that fact
should be excused and retired from active
service as judges, and thereafter, during the
time that any such judge continued to hold the
office, he should be entitled to receive from
the United States the same salary that he was
by law entitled to at the time of filing his cer-
tificate. If any judge having attained the age
stated should be incompetent by reason of dis-
ease or infirmity to make and file such a cer-
tificate there was a provision by which he might
be retired by the President.
Another section declared " that, within six
months after the filing with the President of
either of the certificates mentioned in section
five of this act, or if any judge of any of the
courts of the United States whose age now
exceeds seventy years, or who shall hereafter
arrive at the age of seventy years, shall for one
year after the passage of this act or after ar-
riving at, the age of seventy years continue to
hold his office without filing such certificate,"
the President should have authority to retire
linn ; and then the President was to nominate
and appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent ot the Senate, another judge. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary thought this objection-
able, as it would continue the persons upon the
bench as judges still although they w^j-e retired.
I here would be nothing to prevent their com-
ing back in an emergency and sitting on the
bench, and we might have twenty judges of
the Supreme Court. It would involve a diffi-
culty as to what should constitute a quorum of
it, and theie might be some question as to the
propriety of allowing those persons to be still
judges who were unable to perform the duties.
The Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate
have recommended to strike out this retiring
clause and to agree to the House amendment,
with a proposition to retire the judges in this
form, and as that is very short I will ask the
Clerk to read the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary to the House amendment in
the fifth section. The others are merely verbal,
to conform to it. If the Clerk will now read
the amendment at the end of section five I
think the Senate will understand precisely what
the Committee on the Judiciary recommend.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on the
Judiciary propose to strike out the fifth sec-
tion of the House amendment, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That any judge of any court of the United States
who shall, after having attained the age'of seventy
years, resign his office, shall thereafter, during the
residue of his natural life, receive the same salary
which was by law payable to him at the time of his
resignation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is one other
amendment, at the end of the sixth section,
which I should like to have read.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on the
Judiciary propose to strike out the sixth sec-
tion of the House amendment, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
That this act shall take effect on the first Monday
of December, 1809.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendment of the committee,
which provides for retiring judges when they
arrive at seventy years of age; that is, gives
them authority to resign and provides that they
shall be paid the same salary during life that
they would have had had they continued on
the bench. It has been suggested that there
is no security in this that Congress may not
afterward repeal the law. I think there is
security. You might just as well say that Con-
gress would refuse to appropriate money to
pay the salary of a judge already on the bench.
If Congress passes a law that a judge who
resigns at the age of seventy shall be paid his
salary after he leaves it would be such a breach
of faith on the part of the nation afterward not
to do it that it is not to be conceived for a
moment that any Congress would act in such
a manner in regard to a person who had retired
from the bench upon the faith of this act; and
we think it better that he should go off the
bench entirely, and then, of course, the vacancy
would be filled by the appointment of another.
I hope the Senate will agree to this amend-
ment,.
lhe\ ICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Illinois desires action
first on the amendment upon pages 3 and 4.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be seen that the
first amendment reported in section one is
merely to strike out these words, after defin-
ing what shall constitute a quorum: "of such
justices of said court as shall have been ex-
cused and letired from active duty under the
provisions of this act." Those words should,
of course, go out, provided the other amend-
ment in section five is agreed to ; otherwise,
not. It would be better, I think, to act on the
principal amendment, and then the others will
follow, being merely verbal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the first
amendment before the Senate will be the amend-
ment to strike out section five of the House
amendment and insert the proposition printed
on pages S and 4 in lieu of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I entirely agree with the
chairman of the committee in the propriety of
calling our attention first to this amendment,
for it is the pivot of all the rest. I also agree
with the chairman that the amendment of the
committee, which is in the nature of a substi-
tute for the House proposition, is much better
than the House proposition. 1 had the honor,
it may be remembered, of submitting to the
Senate a proposition not unlike that of the
House, though not at such length, which was,
however, voted down. Since then my atten- ,
tiou has been given to the question, and J hare 1
been more than ever convinced that we ought 1
not to let this bill pass without maturing some
plan on the subject.
That which is sent to us by the House seems
to me to be impracticable. It will not work.
It may effect the retirement of the judges, but
it will not supply additional efficiency to the
courts. I take it our object is to accomplish
both—to give to judges who have earned an
honorable retreat what they have earned, and
to secure complete efficiency to the courts. If
we can accomplish these two results we shall
-do much. The proposition reported by the
committee is very simple ; and I would ask the
chairman if, perhaps, it is not too simple,
whether there shonld not he more detail ? It is
simply that any judge of a United States court
who has attained the age of seventy years, and
shall resign his office at" that time, shall be
entitled to his salary ever afterward. There is
no requirement there that he shall be disabled.
It is simply that he shall have reached the age
of seventy years. I would ask whether it is
expedient that we should sanction the retire-
ment of our judges simply on reaching the age
of seventy? All who are familiar with judicial
history know that some of the most splendid
characters on the bench have held their posi-
tion many years after they had readied three-
score years and ten. In England there was
Lord Mansfield, and in our own country Chief
Justice Marshall.
It was in considering these different points
that I was led to draw a kindred proposition,
which has in it more of detail than that of the
committee, but which accomplishes the same
result; and I will read it. According to my
judgment it would be better than that of the
committee, but I do not know that the commit-
tee will agree with me or that the Senate will.
My proposition is as follows :
That if the Chief Justice of the United States, or
any associate justice, or any judge ot' any court of
the United State?, shall file with the Secretary of
State a certificate of t tie Supreme Court of the United
States that he has attained the age ol sixty-five year,-*,
or has servedat least twelve years as Chief Justice,
associate justice, or judge, and is not able by reason
of age or infirmity to perform with due efficiency the
duties of such office, and shall thereupon resign the
same, it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States to accept such resignation: and the
vacancy thereby created shall be filled as in other
cases, and the compensation to which such justice or
judge was previously entitled shall continue to bo
paid, notwithstanding such resignation.
It will be observed that in this proposition
it is provided that there shall be the reason of
age or infirmity to such an extent as to impair
the efficiency of the judge; that this shall be
certified by the Supreme Court of the United
States. Now, I have to put the question to
the chairman of the committee whether it
would not be'expedient, in view of this great
change which we are making in our judicial
system, to provide more of safeguard, more of
precaution, than is in the simple proposition of
the committee? The proposition which I hold
in my hand, and which was printed the other
day and is on the table, reaches precisely the
same result with that of tlie committee, but it
has the safeguards to which I refer.
I have so much.at heart the general object
of the proposition of the committee that I do
not wish to interfere with it by anything that
shall seem like an adverse motion ; and yet it
does seein to me that the proposition which I
have read has in it more of those elements
which would commend it to the profession and
the country, and make it aperinauent proposi-
tion, than that of the committee. I should like
to understand the views of the chairman on
the question. I do not know that he has ever
examined the proposition I have read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee's prop-
osition is a very simple one, as has been stated
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and on the
whole we thought the simplicity of it would
recommend it. We thought it betler lo fix
some limit when a judge mi^ht, resign ; it is not
compulsory, and in a case such as that of Lotd
Mansfield or Chief ,Justice Marshall, in the
full vigor of his intellect, where the public ser-
vice woui't he promoted by his being oil the
bench, wnrre the entire bar would insist upon
