1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
it, it is altogether probable tbat such a judge
would continue to serve. He would riot be
willing to go into retirement. But the diffi-
culty with the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts which strikes me is that it re-
quires the certificate of the Supreme Court of
ihe United States that the judge is disabled in
some way from acting. That is a very delicate
matter. Men as they grow old are not willing
to admit their infirmities. When the public
may suppose that a man is disqualified from
acting he himself often comes to the conclusion
that he is in the very vigor of life and better"
capable of acting than ever before. It will be,
I think, a very unpleasant task forthe Supreme
Court to perform upon one of their brethren
upon the bench ; and how is this matter to be
brought to their notice in regard to a judge of
a district court of the United States?
On the whole, the committee were of opinion
that this simple plan of authorizing a judge at
the age of seventy to resign and pay him his
full salary afterward was the best and the sim-
plest provision. I assume that a man of the
patriotism and of the character of the eminent
judges whom the Senator from Massachusetts
has named would not retire even at the age of
seventy, because the whole bar would request
him to remain, and he would not feel at liberty
under such circumstances even then to resign,
and we should have the benefit of a Marshall
after he was seventy years of age if, fortu-
nately, this country should have upon the
Supreme bench a man of that character here-
after, or has at the present time, whose useful-
ness it would be desirable that the country
should have the benefit of.
I think the Senator i'rom Massachusetts had
best not press his amendment; but let us take
this as we have it. If it is found better here-
after to make a change in this respect and fix
an earlier age we can do it at some subsequent
time.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already given in
my adhesion so completely to the principle em-
bodied in the amendment of the committee that
I have nothing to add upon that head. The Sen-
ator from Illinois will pardon me if I express
the opinion again that the substitute which I
have read would in the main befouud to work
fully as well as that of the committee, if not
belter. I have already said that I have no in-
tention to antagonize any proposition of mine
to that of the committee. I feel that the propo-
sition of the committee is so much better than
that-of the House, which I regard as entirely
inadmissible, that I welcome it. I hope, there-
fore, it will be adopted.
The YXCE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee ou the
J udiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other amendment
to conform to that in the first section is merely
verbal; it strikes out words in the fourth, fifth,
and sixth lines.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment to the first section
will be regarded as agreed to. Itis agreed to.
There are one or two amendments to the sec-
ond section,
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a little amend-
ment that should be made in the first section
which is not reported by the committee. In
the third line the word " acting " ought to be
stricken out, as that was put in by the House
on account of the form of the fifth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the amendment in section two.
The Chief Clekk. The committee report
to stlike out in section two, lines fourteen and
fifteen, the words " more than one such court
may bo held at the same time in the same dis-
trict" and to insert "cases may be heard and
tried by each of the judges holding any such
court sitting apart;" and also to strike out in
line eighteen the word "in" before " each "
and insert "by;" and aho to strike out m
lines eighteen, nineteen, and twenty the words
" provided that no officers shall be allowed
fees for attendance upon or services in more
than one of said eourts at the same time."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment is in section four.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section three the
word " which," in line four after the words
" circuit courts," should be " whoso as to
read, " except in the appointment of clerks of
the circuit courts, who in each circuit shall be
appointed."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a verbal
amendment, and will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL The word "court" in
line seven should be "courts."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made. The amendment in section four
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. In section four it is
proposed to strike out after the words "Su-
preme Court" in line three, the words "who
shall not have been excused and retired under
the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
what reason there is for the proviso in the latter
end of the third section. It seems to me the
section is complete without the proviso, and I
do not see any reason why the proviso should
be there at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proviso was put in
to remove a doubt which was suggested by
some persons growing out of the change that
the law makes in the appointment of clerks.
The Senator will observe that by the third
section the clerks are to be appointed hereafter
by the circuit judge of the circuit and by the
district judge of the proper district. A ques-
tion might possibly be made as to who would
be the clerk after the passage or the law before
the circuit judge acted ; and this is merely to
continue the clerks already in until the circuit
judge has an opportunity to act. Suppose the
law goes into effect to-day, the 7 th day of April,
and a circuit judge is not appointed so as to
appoint his clerk for a month or a year if you
please, who is clerk in the mean time? The
first part of the section provides that the clerk
of the circuit court shall be appointed by the
judge of the circuit court. Now there would
be no judge of the circuit court immediately
to perform that duty. The words are put in
out of abundant caution. They can do no
harm. Possibly they might not be necessary ;
but to remove any doubt as to who should act
as clerk before the judges had an opportunity
to make appointments it was thought better
to put in those words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next and last amendment of the
Committee ou the Judiciary.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was to strike out all of section six of the
House amendment after the enacting clause
and to insert:
That this act shall take effect on the first Monday
of .December, 1S69.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment was
put in from this consideration: we are very
near the close of the session ; if the law goes
into effect now it would involve the necessity
of appointing the judges in great haste, within
a few days. They are very important appoint-
ments that ought to be well considered ; and as
the Senate is now expecting to be here but for
a few days, and the bill may not perhaps pass
until the very last day of the session, it was
thought to be unreasonable to require the Presi-
dent to send in those nominations at the last
moment of the session without having time to
look over the ground and to select the proper
persons for these offices. It was thought bet-
ter, therefore, that the act should not take effect
until December, and allow the intervening time
to select the proper persons for these important
positions.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING-. At some time when it
seems most convenient! desire to have the bill
read as it will stand as amended. I do not
think any one comprehends exactly what we
are going to vote for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Having been per-
fected, the Clerk will now report the amend-
ment of the House as amended.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House as amended, which was to strike out all
of the original bill after the enacting clause and
to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Supreme Court of the United States shall
hereafter consist of the Chief Justice of the United
States and. eight acting associate justices, any six of
whom shall constitute a quorum, and for the pur-
poses of this act there shall be appointed an addi-
tional associate justice of said court.
Sec. '2. And be it farther enacted, That for each of
the nine existing judicial circuits there shall be ap-
pointed a circuit judge, who shall reside in his cir-
cuit, and shall possess the same power and jurisdic-
tion therein as the justice of tho Supreme Court
allotted to the circuit. The circuit courtsin each cir-
cuitshall beheldby the justice of thcSupreme Court
allotted to the ciicuit, or by the circuit judge of the
eiicuit, or by the district judgeof the district sitting
alone, or by the justice of the Supreme Court and
circuit judge sitting together, in which case the jus-
tice of the Supreme Couit shall preside, or in the
absence of either of them by the other (who shall
preside) and the district judge. And such courts
may be held at the same time m the different dis-
tricts of the same circuit, and eases may be heard
and tried by each of tbe judges holding any such
court sitting apart by direction of the presiding jus-
tice or judge, who shall designate the business to
be done by each. The circuit judges shall each
receive an annual salary ot $5,000.
Sec. 3. And be further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall afiVU the powers of the justices ot the
Supreme Court as p-idges of the encuLt eourts ex-
cept in the appointment of clerks in the circuit
courts, who in each circuitshall be appointed by the
circuit judge of that circuit, and the clerks of the
district courts shall be appointed by the judges
thereof respectively: Provided, That the present
clerks of said court shall continue m oliice till other
appointments be made in their place or they be
otherwise removed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the Cnief Justice, and of each justice of
the Supremo Court, to attend at least one term of
the circuit court in eaeh district of his circuit during
every period of two year3.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, That ftny judge
of any court of the United States who shall, after
having attained to the age of seventy years, resign
his office, shall thereafter, during the residue of his
natural life, receive the same salary which was by
law payable U) him at the time ot his resignation.
Sec. (5. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect, on the iir,r t Monday of December, 1809.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives as amended by the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know that I shall be
justified in offering an amendment; but I wish
to make an inquiry of the chairman of the
committee in reference to the clause authoriz-
ing the resignation of a judge after attaining
the age of seventy years. As it stands if the
judge were appointed in his sixty-ninth year
and were to resign on attaining his seventieth
year lie would after that receive the same sal-
ary that he received at the time of resignation.
Would not that have the effect of crowding the
bench, or at least inviting an effort to have
the bench crowded with the very class of men
whom it is desired to retire for the purpose of
securing the salaries? I would rather see the
period fixed at sixty-five years, and I should like
to see a service of at least five years required.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee had that
subject under consideration, and they thought
that there was sufficient safety in that respect
in the fact that a judge is only appointed by
the President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate ; that the President and
Senate would not abuse the power by appoint-
ing a man at the age of sixty-nine years. Tbe
Senate would hardly consent to confirm a per-
son appointed at that age who was to perform
service only for a single year and then to re-
ceive the salary for the rest of his life. It is
hardly to be conceived that an abuse would
grow out of the appointment of men at ad-
vanced periods of life when we consider the
mode of appointment. We thought there was
sufficient protection m that.
There seemed to be some objection to fixing
the length of set vice that they must have per-
