5.76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
formed upon the bench. A suggestion was
made to fix it at ten years; but on the whole
the committee came to the opinion that it would
be better to make no limitation in that respect,
and leave to the good judgment of the Presi-
dent and Senate, through whom alone those
officers can be appointed, properly to guard
the public interests in that respect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives as amended by the Senate.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask the consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 358,
for the relief of Lieutenant Fyffe, reported
this morning, which I think will excite no
discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill was
reported to-day, and it requires unanimous
consent to consider it. It is not at the Secre-
tary's desk at this moment. The bill is not
before the Senate.
RAILROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ I ask the indulge nee of
the Senate now to give me a vote on Senate
bill No. 94. I presume my colleague does
not propose to consume any more time in the
discussion ; and I should be very glad if the
Senate would take it up. I move that it be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole,-resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 94) to amend
an act entitled " An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cali-
fornia, to Portland, in Oregon," approved
July 25, 1866.
'Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregun [Mr. Corbett] was on the floor
yesterday when this subject went over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply ask for a vote.
I he \ ICE PRESIDEN I\ The Senator from
Oregon [Alr. Williams] desires a vote; but
his colleaguewas on the floor yesterday at the
time the unfinished business was taken up.
Does he yield to the desire of his colleague for
a vote on this proposition ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have said very nearly all
that I care to say on this Subject. I presume
it is out of my power to prevent the passage of
this bill. _ I desire, however, to offer an amend-
ment which 1 prefer to the one offered by my
colleague yesterday, which will secure the land
grant to the State, if he will accept it. I pro-
pose it as a substitute for the amendment offered
by him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now an
amendment to an amendment pending, an
amendment to the amendment having been
offered by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling.] ^ The Senator from Oregon, how-
ever, asks liiscolleague to accept an amend-
ment which will be reported for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to add at the end of the bill
the following proviso:
_ Provided, That this act shall not deprive any des-
ignated company or association of the land grant
who were fully organized when they filed their
acceptance of the grant with the Secretary of the
Interior within the time limited by the said original
„ s- , oompiiny or association so designated
fhf b,6 deemed and held as fulfilling
the i equirements of the law.
Mr. WILLIAMS.^ Of course I cannot
accept that. It decides the whole question.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
declines to accept it. The question, then, is on
the amendment to the amendment offered by
the Senator from New York.
Mr. CORBLH. The bill as it now stands,
without that amendment, also decides the whole
question. If my colleague will not accept it
I suppose it cannot be adopted, or cannot be
offei ed at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not until after
the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York shall have been acted upon. It will
then be in order.
Mr. CORBETT. Has the amendment of my
colleague been adopted ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not. They
are both pending. The Secretary will report
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon
in front of the Chair, [Mr. Williams,] and
will then report the amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Cokkling.J
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein shall impair any
rights heretofore acquired by any railroad company
under said act; nor shall said act or this amendment
be construed to entitle more than one company to
a grant of land.
It is proposed to amend that amendment by
inserting after the words ''railroad company,"
in the third line, the words "or other parties."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
• Mr. CORBETT. Now I move to amend the
amendment of my colleague by striking out all
after the word "provided" and inserting:
That this act shall not deprive any designated
company or association of the land grant who were
tully organized when they filed their acceptance of
the grant with the Secretary of the Interior within
the time limited by the said original aet, and such
company or association so designated and organized
shall be deemed and held as iulfilling the require-
ments of the law.
I understand that the purpose of this bill is
to secure the land grant to the State. The first
company designated by the Legislature of 1860
was recognized by the Secretary of the Interior,
and with that understanding the company went
on and expended a large amount of money.
Now I propose this amendment so as to pre-
vent any designated company who were fully
organized when they filed their acceptance
within the time limited by the original act
from being deprived of the grant. This amend-
ment will secure the land grant to the State.
They being the first company designated, I ask,
if there were no imperfections in the organiza-
tion and designation, inasmuch as they filed
their acceptance within the time prescribed by
law and completed their organization before
they filed their acceptance, that they may be
secured in their grant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Your colleague's amend-
ment will do that.
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, Mr. President, I
have to say simply, in reply, that if the west
side company was designated by the Legisla-
ture and did file its assent within a year, it will
get the iand under this bill as reported by the
committee, and I am willing that'it should have
the land ; but ihe Secretary of the Interior has
decided that it never was designated, and an-
other company upon that ground have pro-
ceeded and expended $200,000, expecting to
be designated by the Legislature.
Mr. CORBLl'T. That company did file
their acceptance. The individuals who were
designated in 1866 were organized by signino-
articles. Ihose articles were before the Legis-
lature. The Legislature knew that that com-
pany was m existence and was sufficiently
organized to be designated. They filed their
acceptance within the prescribed time with the
Secretary of the Interior. They went on and
expended their money, andsupposed that they
were recognized, and after expending their
money, one year after the time that they had
hied their acceptance of the grant, another
company comes in and asks to be designated,
and succeeds in getting a bill through a subse-
quent Legislature to designate it. Now, I ask
that the first company, as long as they were '
ret'°S?lz®d by the Secretary of the Interior,
and did hie their acceptance, and did go on
and expend their money after that acceptance, ,
may be designated. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. I paid some attention to |
this bill at the last session. The object that 1
the Senate evidently then desired was not to i
decide this question, which is one of law to be !
decided by the courts. Therefore, the objec- !
tion to the last year's bill was that it did
decide it. Now, the amendment of my friend
over the way [Mr. Corbett] goes a great way
in that very direction of deciding these disputed
matters. The amendment as now proposed by
my friend from Oregon nearest me [Mr. Wil-
liams]^ certainly leaves it just where the law
leaves it. Whichever company turns outto be
the true company will get the land. We can-
not decide here which it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questionis on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will be adopted. I think it i3
just and proper. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 5, nays 36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Corbett, Gilbert, Rice,
and Robertson—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Cattell, Chandler, Conlding, Davis,
Drake. Edmunds, Fenton, Fessenden .Grimes. Hamil-
ton, Hamlin. Harlan. Harris, Howard, Howe, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Morrill, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey,
Seott, Sherman. Stockton, Sumner, Thurman. Tip-
ton, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Cole, Cragin, Ferry, Fowler, Kellogg, Mor-
ton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy. Pool, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stew-
art. Thayer, Trumbull, Vickers, and Yates—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 6) for the protection of the interests of
the United States in the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote on this bill
by unanimous consent, and dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent that
the Senate may go on with the bill pending at
one o'clock. Is there objection ?
Mr. CORBE TT. I have no objection ; but
I have another amendment, to strike out the
last clause and insert other words, to which I
presume my colleague will not object, and I
ask to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to continuing the consideration of
the bill pending at one o'clock, and it will be
considered before the Senate until some Sen-
ator demands the regular order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave notice yesterday
that at one o'clock to-day I should move to
postpone all pending orders and take up the
deficiency bill, but I am willing to waive that
for a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any Senatorcan
demand the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday. The bill that was before
the Senate at one o'clock is continued under
consideration, and the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Corbett] has sent to the Chair an amend-
ment to the amendment, which is to strike out
all after the word "provided" and insert:
That this aet shall not be construed to impair or
deny the right of any company designated by the
legislature and which shall have completed itsorgan-
lzation i . time to file and shall have filed its accept-
ance ot the grant within the time limited by the said
original act.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to that amend-
ment. All these questions were considered by
the committee twice upon argument by able
counsel, and they unanimously decided that the
form reported was the right form to be adopted.
Mr. CORBET 1'. Is there any objection to
this? I do not understand that this takes away
any right.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I object to it becau se the
bill is put in the right shape by the repot t of
the committee after careful consideration.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
The amendment was agreed to.
