£86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that if this proposition is in order any
legislation of any kind would be in order on
appropriation bills. There is no question that
by the usage of the Senate and by the rules of
the Senate general legislation pertinent to the
bill itself, relative to appropriations for defi-
ciencies, would be in order if coming within
the limitations of the thirtieth rule, reported
from a committee, or anything of that charac-
ter. Butthe Chair thinks this is going beyond
the parliamentary law. If the Senator from
Indiana desires the Chair will submit the ques-
tion to the Senate, and they can decide their
own usage.
Mr. MORTON. I have understood the prac-
tice of the Senate to be otherwise. I think
such ameudment8 have been offered and sus-
tained. The question has arisen several times
during nay short service here. I understand
that the practice is, or lias been, to admit all
amendments that did not require appropria-
tions. I think several amendments have been
made to appropriation bills that were quite as
diverse from the main subject as this, but I do
not care to test the point before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, before
deciding the question, examined this bill. In
the propositions it contained as it came from
the House of Representatives, and in the prop-
ositions so far offered in the Senate, there is
no general legislation. So far as this bill is
concerned, it has up to the present time been
kept free i'rom general legislation. The Chair
thinks that if legislation pertinent to the mat-
ters contained in the bill should be proposed,
the liberal ruling which has prevailed in the
Senate would authorize it to be received. But
the legislation must be pertinent.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the amend-
ment under the circumstances.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment on page 3, after line forty-two- of section
one to insert:
Aud the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
turnover to the Post Office Department, which shall
receive the same, the envelopes printed in the Treas-
ury Department for the dead-letter office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what that means?
Mr. RAMSEY. There are about two or
three million dead-letter envelopes, I believe,
printed in the Treasury Department that for
some reason or other the Post Office Depart-
ment have not received. It is great economy
to receive them and use them for the trans-
mission of letters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Treasury
Department refuse to deliver them?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have some knowledge
of the facts in this case. The Treasury Print-
ing Bureau agreed to print envelopes to be used
in the dead-letter office to return letters that
were to be sent back to various persons in the
country, at a less rate, as was supposed, than
outside contractors would do it; and accord-
ingly printed about two millions and a half of
these envelopes. I have one before me with
the indorsements that are put on for the pur-
pose of returning letters. They are worth five
or six thousand dollars. Then the Post Office
Department said they were not of sufficiently
^ood paper, and they would not take them.
Ihe fact is, as I believe, that certain influences
were brought to bear from contractors outside
who were furnishing this same sort of thing
and whose deliveries on their contracts would
be diminished, to induce the Post Office De-
partment to say that it would not take them;
but they are perfectly suitable for the pur-
pose and they belong to the Government, and
they have cost five or six thousand dollars.
This amendment simply proposes that the
Treasury Department shall turn over these
envelopes thitare now stacked up there to the
Post Office Department, and that we shall
take them and use them and save five or six
thousand dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. POMEROY. Before we concur in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole I want to call attention to or ask a sep-
arate vote on the amendment under the head
of "miscellaneous" on the ninth page. The
amendment of the committee was striking out
the appropriation in these words :
For surveying that part of the eastern boundary
of Colorado Territory which lies between the thirty-
seventh and fortieth parallels of north latitude,
$2,730.
If the committee had been aware that the
existing law provides for that survey, two hun-
dred and ten miles attwenty-five dollars a mile,
and that there already had been appropriated
for that object $2,520, they would see that it
takes just this amount to make up the cost of
two hundred and ten miles of survey attwenty-
five dollars a mile. It comes to a little over
$5,000. There has already been appropriated
$2,520, and it takes $2,730 to complete it. My
attention was called to it by a member of the
House, who said that if it was explained the
committee would understand that this amount
was necessary to make the whole appropriation
complete.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This estimate was be-
fore the House committee in another bill, and
the House appropriated for this purpose $2,500.
They did not deem that it ought to take so
much to survey thatline. Twenty five dollars
a mile is said to be a pretty large sura, twice as
large as usual. The House therefore thought
it best to appropriate but $2,500. Now there
is another appropriation put in here of an ad-
ditional sum. Finding that sum appropriated
in another bill, our committee did not think it
necessary to disturb it, but left it asitwasand
proposed to strike out this appropriation.
Mr. POilEROY. The Senator cannot find
a boundary line between any Territories ever
surveyed east of the Rocky mountains for less
than twenty-five dollars a mile, and west of the
Rocky mountains it has been as high as thirty-
five dollars, and in two instances has gone up
to sixty dollars a mile. The surveying of a
boundary line has never cost less than twenty-
five dollars a mile. Here there are two hundred
and ten miles and the Senator can readily
reckon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We thought it best to
strike out the appropriation here, and if the
House differ from us we can in conference
find out their reasons for inserting the clause;
and if the case is as the Senator states, the
item can then be restored.
Mr. POMEROY. I know nothing of it
except what 1 learned from a member of the
other House, who said that this amendment was
a mistake.
M r. FESSENDEN. I prefer to be instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has there been notice
given to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. ANTHONY. There will be no objec-
tion to this; it is reduced one half. I move
to insert on page 3, after line sixty one of sec-
tion one:
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the Senate for the Congressional Globe, for
reporting the proceedings of the Senate for the first
session of the Forty-First Congress. $400 each, $2,000.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional Globe,
for reporting the proceedings of the House for the
first session of the Forty-First Congress, WOO each,
$'2,000.
I will state that it has been customary at
each session to vote $800 additional compen-
sation to each of the reporters for the Con-
gressional Globe. This has come to be a part
of their usual compensation ; and considering
the rise in all prices it is not an unreasonable
compensation. As the present is a short
session—about one half of the regular biennial
short session—I have made the amount $400
instead of $800, which is the usual sum. I am
sure there will be no objection to that, and I
think it is fair and reasonable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If no other Senator
objects T shall not interpose an objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, its title was
amended so as to read: "A bill making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes."
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 185) to continue in force an
act entitled "An act to extend the charter of
the city of Washington," &c. ;
A bill (S. No. 195) to carry into effect the
convention of July 4. 1868, between the United
States and Mexico for the adjustment of claims;
A bill (S. No. 200) relating to Freedmen's
hospitals; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 8) for the relief
of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee lands,
in Kansas.
papers "witudr'awn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Daniel V. Colclnzer,
Constantia Reeves, and llosa A. Grant be taken trom
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, ThatRitcher a,nd Haywood have Iea.ve to
withdraw from the files of the Senate their petition
and papers.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Clarissa Britton, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
indian appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 123) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House,
and the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and disagree to the amendments
of the House to other amendments of the Senate
thereto, and ask a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes-
sexden, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Cole as con-
ferees.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
367) making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869, and the year ending
June 30, 1870, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 267) granting public lands in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee to the
Selma and Memphis Railroad Company to aid
in the construction of a railroaJ to be built
from Selma, Alabama, to Memphis, Tennessee;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
