1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 268)
granting lands in the States of Alabama and
Mississippi to the Decatur and Aberdeen Rail-
road Company to aid in the construction of a
railroad to be built from Decatur, Alabama,
to Aberdeen, Mississippi; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obiained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 269)
granting lands to aid certain railroads in Ala-
bama; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 325) to repeal the first
section of an act relating to appeals to the Su-
preme Court, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 367) making appropri-
ations for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869,
and the year ending June 30, 1870, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
repeal of a territorial law.
Mr. NYE. There is on the table a little bill
to repeal an act of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico in regard to a capitation
tax on cattle, it has been passed by the House
of Representatives and considered by the Com-
mittee on Territories. I move to take it tip.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 404) to repeal an act of the Legislature
of New Mexico imposing a capitation tax on
bovine cattle was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It disapproves and repeals the
act of the Legislature ot the Territory of New
Mexico of February 3,1869, and all other laws
and parts of laws of that Legislature imposing
a capitation tax on bovine cattle introduced
into that Territory from other Territories or
States, or the republic of Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, re'id the third time, and
passed.
internal revenue taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to have the tax
bill the unfinished business for to-morrow, I
move to take up the bill (H. R. No. 140) to
amend an act entitled "An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868.
The motion was agreed to.
reconstruction presidential message.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the ques-
tion is put on that, motion the Chair desires to
submit to the Senate a message which has been
received from the President of the United
Stutes.
The message was read, as follows:
T" the Senate and House of Representative*:
While 1 am aware thsittho time in which Congress
proposes now to remain in session is very brief, and
th.it it is its desire, as far as is consistent with the
public iutei eat, to avoid euteililg upou the geneial
business ot legislation, there is one subject which
concerns so deeply the wellareof the country that I
deem it lay duly to bring it before you.
1 ha* c uo douot that you will concur with mo in
tin; opinion tbu.t it is desirable to restore tile States
wniui weie engaged in the rebellion to their proper
relations to the (iovernmeut and the country at as
e.u i> a period as the peoplo ol those States shall be
luuiid   dim.; to become peaceful and orderly com-
munities, and to adopt and maintain such constitu-
tions and lawsas will effectually secure the civil and
political nguiy <>t all pel-sons within their borders,
flic authority of the United States, which has been
\ indicated and establi bed by its military power,
must undoubtedly be asserted for the absolute pio-
U-eiii.n ot all iis citizens 111 the lull enjoyment of
the liTt'dom and security which is tho object of a
republican Kovemiueut. But, whenever the peoplo
ul .1 i eb*. 1 lious Statu are ready to enter in good faith
upon the accomplishment of this objeet. m entire
coiilorinity vvuh thccoiistitiitiouiil authority ol Con-
gress, it is certainly desirable that all causes of irri-
tation should be removed as promptly as possible.
that a more perfect union may be established, and
the country be restored to peace and prosperity.
The convention of the people of Virginia which
met in Kichmond on Tuesday, December 3, 1867,
framed a constitution for that State, which was
adopted by the convention on the 17th of April, 1868,
and I desire respectiully to call the attention of Oon-
gress_ to the propriety of providing by law for the
holding of an election in that State at some time
during the months of May and June next under the
direction of the military comnianderof that district,
at which the question ol the adoption of that consti-
tution shall be submitted to the citizens of tbc State;
andif this shouldseein desirable I would recommend
that a separate vote be taken upon such parts as
may he thought expedient, and that at the same time
and under the same authority there shall be an elec-
tion for the officers provided undersueh constitution,
and that the constitution, or such parts thereof as
shall have been adopted by the people, he submitted
to Congress on the first Monday of llecember next
for its consideration, so that it the same is then ap-
proved the necessary steps will have been taken tor
the restoration of the State of Virginia to its proper
relations to the Union. X am led to make this rec-
ommendation from the confident hope and belief
that the people of that State are now ready to coop-
erate with the national Government in bringing it
again into such relations to the Union as it ought as
soon as possible to establish and maintain, and to
give to all its people those equal rights under the law
which were asserted in the Declaration of Independ-
ence in the words of one of the most illustrious of
its son?.
I desire also to ask the consideration of Congress
to the question whether there is not just ground ior
believing ihat the constitution framed by a conven-
tion of the people of Mississippi lor that State and
once rejected might not be again submitted to the
people of that State in like manner, and with the
probability of the same result.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C„ April 7,1869.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the mes-
sage be printed and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. MORTON. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 7, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
presbyterian ciiurcii.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Ways
and Means House bill No. 4, to refund the
internal revenue tax assessed upon a bequest
made by Joseph Brown, deceased, for the use
of the Presbyterian church at Bardstown, Ken-
tucky; and the same was laid on the table.
improper appropriations.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Ways
and Means a remonstrance against improper
appropriations of money and lands; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
levees on the mississippi.
Mr. SCHENCK also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Ways ;
and Means certain communications in relation !
to the construction of levees oil the Mississippi I
river; and the same were referred to the Com- j
mittee on Commerce. |
samuel mason. i
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, also ;
reported back from the Committee ot' Ways and j
Means a petition of citizens of Beaver county.
Pennsylvania, asking that a special law be
passed exempting the distillery of Samuel Ma-
son, of said county, from the provision of the
internal revenue law which requires a store-
keeper for each distillery : and the same was
laid on the table.
appeals to the supreme court.
Mr. SCHENCK. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to report baek from tue Committee of
Ways and Means, for actional this time. House
bill No. 325, to repeal the first section of an
act relating to appeals to the Supreme Court.
It is a bill whieh passed the House at the last,
session ol Congress. I can explain it in a
moment.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which the Chair will ask for objections to its
present consideration.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
first section of the act of March 26, 1868, enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
to amend the judiciary act passed September
24, 1789,' " shall be repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will slate that ever since
1789 there have been no suits entertained upon
appeals, or for revision in any form, in the Su-
preme Court, as between individuals, involving
a less amount than $2,000." Last year, bow-
ever, the law was changed so far as revenue
caseswereconeerned. The effect of that change
has been to operate as a denial of justice where
there is a reclamation of duties overpaid, be-
cause all parties are driven into the Supreme
Court. We propose simply to restore the law
to what it was from 1789 to last year.
_ The SPEAKER, is there objection to con-
sidering this bill at this time?
No objection was made.
The bill was accordingly reported back, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCKmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reeonsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alaska fur-bearing animals.
Mr. DIXON, by unanimousconsent,reported
back from the Committee on Commerce Sen-
ate bill No. 32, to prevent the extermination of
fur-bearing animals in Alaska, with an amend-
ment ; whieh was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
national land company.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Public Lands
House bill No. 275, to incorporate a national
land company for providing lands for immi-
grants and for freedmen in the late slavehold-
ing States, and to have the same referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. I think I must object.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROOKS. Weil, I object.
alabama land grants.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask- unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands, for action at this time, Senate bill No.
11, to renew certain grants of land to the State
of Alabama.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. HolmanJ will withdrawhis
objection. I think if he comprehended tho
scope of this bill 
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I do comprehend
it; it is to renew a grant of land that has
lapsed.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is merely to prevent
the demise of a grant of land to the State of
Alabama.
Mr. JL'LIAN, I move that the rules be
suspended, so that I may report back this bill
for action at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that the grant
of lands made to the State of Alabama by
the act of Congress approved June 31, 18 6,
granting public lands in alternate sections to
the State of Alabama to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State, to assist in
the building of railroads "fioin near Gadsden
to some point on the Alabama and Missis-
sippi State line, in a direction to the Mobile
and Ohio railroad, with a view to connect with
the Mobile and Ohio railroad," and ''from
Gadsden to connect with the Georgia and Ten-
