588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
nessee and Tennessee line of railroads through
Chattooga, Wills', and Lookout valleys," shall
be revived and renewed for the use and benefit
of the Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, subject to all the conditions and re-
strictions contained in the act referred to, and
subject to the further limitation that if either of
the railroads named is not completed within
three years from the passage of the act no far-
ther sale shall be made for the benefit of such
railroad, and the lands unsold shall revert to
the United States. The right, power, and au-
thority is given to the companies building the
railroads named to take from the public lands
adjacent to their lines earth, stone, and other
materials for the construction thereof, and the
right of way to the extent of one hundred feet
in width on each side of the railroads where
they may.pass over the public lands, including
all necessary groundsforstations and structures
connected therewith, not exceeding forty acres
at any one station.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 67, noes 36.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Julian were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 23.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is agreed to ; and the bill is before
the House. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURN., of Wisconsin. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana to yield to me that I
may offer an amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire, to make a brief
statement, and then I will hear the gentleman's
proposition.
This bill proposes to revive one of the land
grants made in the South in the year 1856.
The prosecution of the work was utterly pre-
vented 
Mr. DAWES. As this bill is likely to con-
sume some time, I hope the gentleman will
consent that it shall be laid aside that we may
resume the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill. Unless that bill be speedily sent
back to the Senate it will be impossible for
Congress to adjourn on next Saturday, unless
we allow the bill to fail.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill will take but little
time. As I was saying, this grant was made
in 1856. The work was begun prior to the war,
but in consequence of the war it was utterly
impossible to prosecute that work for some
years. Since the close of the war capitalists,
chiefly of the North, and all of them, whether
of the North or the South, loyal men, have
taken charge of this work in good faith and
are rapidly prosecuting it. The bill does not
fall within that class of exceptional cases in
which 1 have voted against the revival of the
grant; and the work being one of very great
commercial and industrial importance to that
section of the Union which for eight years has
been cut off from all opportunity of congres-
sional aid the committee have thought it wise
to report this bill with an amendment conform-
ing it to the views of this House in regard to
the rights of settlers. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend section one so as to read as follows:
That so much of the grant of lands made to the
r 2' A'Jlbam.a by the act of Congress approved
June 3,18o6, entitled "An act granting public lands
In alternate sections to the State of Alabama to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State,"
as were granted to assist in tho building of railroads
from, near Gadsden to some point on the Alabama
and Mississippi State line, in adirection to the Mobile
and Ohio railroad, with a view to eonnect with the
said Mobile and Ohio railroad,"and "from Gadsden
to connect with the Georgia and Tennessee and Ten-
nessee line of railroads through Chattooga, Wills',
and Lookoutvalleys,"is herebyrevivedandrenewed,
subject to all the conditions and restrictions con-
tained in the act referred to. and subject to the further
limitation that if either of the said railroads is not
completed within three years from the passage of this
act no farther sale shall be made for the benefit of
such railroad, and the land5! unsold shall revert to the
United Statesj Provided, Thatthe lands granted by
the act hereby*revived, except mineral lands, shall be
sold to actual settlers only, in quantities not greater
than one quarter section to any one purchaser, and
for a price not exceeding #2 50 per acre.
Mr. JULIAN. It will be seen that the bill
proposes to revive this grant, not to any cor-
poration, but to the State of Alabama; and
that the revival is to be made upon the express
condition that the lands granted shall be sold
only to settlers, in quantities not greater than
one quarter section to any one purchaser, at a
price not exceeding $2 50 per acre. Thus the
rights of settlers are perfectly guarded, and
the interests of the enterprise are harmonized
with those of the public.
I will now hear what the gentleman from
Wisconsin has to ask.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin, I wish
to ask the gentleman from Indiana whether a
single mile of this railroad is in operation ?
Mr. JULIAN. There are some forty miles
of the road in operation at this time, and the
remaining portion is in process of rapid con-
struction, in good faith, I am satisfied, by
loyal men who are entitled to the equity of
this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. This road is a link of
the line of communication between this city
and New Orleans, and connects with a road
that passes through my entire district. The
work was begun and under way when the war
broke out.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. I do not
wish to act as a dog in the manger in this mat-
ter, but this is the same kind of bill which was
referred the other day. I ask my friend to let
me amend this bill by attaching the one I have
referred to.
Mr. MAYNARD. When this bill came from
the Senate we submitted to its reference to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. There is
no time for that, and the committee have given
us notice that they wili make no reports this
session.
Mr. JULIAN. I am naturally an amiable
man, and would be glad to accommodate my
friend from Wisconsin, but I cannot accede to
his request. The House has overwhelmingly
voted down his proposition, which is not anal-
ogous to the one now before us.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether he has offered the
same amendment to this bill reserving these
lands to actual settlers ?
Mr. JULIAN. I have. Fifteen hundred
men are now at work on this road. It is not a
bogus enterprise, but a bona fide one, which I
think is entitled to the equity of this revival
of the grant.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish my colleague would
state how much land forfeited to the United
States this proposes to restore ?
Mr. JULIAN. I am not able to state the
number of acres. The grant was for six miles
on each side of the road, and this revives that
grant, and dedicates the land, except that which
is mineral land, to the building of this road.
Mr. HOLMAN. How long ago was this
grant forfeited ?
Mr. JULIAN. In 1866, by lapse of time
and by failure to comply with the conditions
of the grant. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
that will not be done, so that I may move mj'
amendment.
The previons question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Julian's amendment was
agreed to; and the bill, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr._ JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tennessee contested-election case.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That in tho contested-election case of C.
A. Sheafe vs. Louis Tillman, from tbe iourth con-
gressional district of Tennessee, tbe time for taking
testimony be extended for thirty days.
claimants from louisiana.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted the following resolution, and
demanded theprevious question on its adoption:
Resolved, That each of the persons claiming seats
in the Forty-First Congress as Representatives ol the
several congressional districts of the State of Louis-
iana, excepting such as have been or before the close
of the present session shall be reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections to this House as unable to take
the oath prescribed in the act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office and for other purposes,"
approved July 2,1862, shall, on or before the 15th day
of April, 1869, file with the Clerk of the House a
statement of the grounds upon which he claims such
seat; and asub-committee shall be appointed by the
Committee of Elections, with power to administer
oaths, take testimony, and send for persons and
papers to investigate the facts connected with tbe
late elections for Representatives in said several dis-
tricts during the recess of Congress, at such times and
places, in the State of Louisiana, as they may de-
termine; and upon such investigation and upon the
evidence heretofore lawfully taken, in said respective
cases, the Committee of Elections shall, at the next
session of Congress, report to this House whether the
elections in the said several districts were lawful,
regular, and valid, and which of said persons, if any,
were lawfully elected to represent said districts re-
spectively in the Forty-First Congress, and whether
said claimants are able to take the oath of office
prescribedin said act of July 2.1862, with a full state-
ment of the facts in each case; and the reasonable
and necessary expenses of said sub-committee during
the time they shall be engaged in such investigation
shall be paid out of the contingent fund of this House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john b. rodgers.
Mr. HEATON, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report in the case of John
B. Rodgers, from the State of Tennessee, to
a seat in the Forty-First Congress ; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. gave notice that he would call up
the case to-morrow, and stated that a minority
report would be made by Mr. Churchill. The
latter was also ordered to be printed.
Mr. KERR. I move that the report be
printed in the Globe.
The motion, was agreed to.
The report is as follows :
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred
the certificate of John B. Rodgers as a Representa-
tive from the State of Tennessee in the Forty-First
Congress, submit the following report:
The Constitution, article one, section two, provides
that "Representatives" * * * * "shall be
apportioned among the several States which tnay be
included within the Union,according to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall be determined by adding
to the whole number of tree persons" * * * *
"three filths of all other persons." A decennial cen-
sus is provided for. and the number of Representa-
tives limited " not to exceed one for every 30,000, but
each State should have at least one." Beyond this
the apportionmentof representation among thesev-
eral States devolves upon Congress to regulate by
legislation.
Action of Congress—Precedents.
Until a census could be taken, and an apportion-
ment made accordingly, the number of Represeri ta-
tives in the House was fixed at 65. By the first general
apportionment act, April 14, 1792, chapter twenty-
three. the number was increased to 103, and the ratio
of 33,000 adopted. The second, January 14, 180°
chapter one, retained the ratio of33,000and increased
the number still further to 141. The third, December
21,1811, chapter nine, fixed the ratio at 35,000 and the
number of Representatives at 181. The fourth, March
7,1822, chapter ten, increased the ratio to 40.000. and
the number of Representatives to 212. The fifth,
May 22.1832, chapter ninety-one. advanced the ratio
to 47,(00 and the number of Representatives to 240.
The sixth, June 25,1842. chapter forty-seven, estab-
lished the ratio at 70,080 and incorporated the novel
principle of one additional Representative for each
State having a fraction greater than one moiety of
the said ratio. This reduced the number of Repre-
sentatives to 223. Each of those acts followed the
taking of the census and was based upon the results,
andf> though in terms of uni mited duration, was
manifestly intended to continue in force but for ten
years, until after the next succeeding consus.
