1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
The difficulty of this legislation had been found so
great that it produced the actof May 23,1850,chapter
eleven, for the taking of the seventh census. This
act fixed the number of Representatives at 233, to be
apportioned among the several States by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, according to their respective
populations as ascertained by the census, and was ob-
viously designed. to be permanent. Sectionstwenty-
five and twenty-six of the act prescribe the method
of apportionment, and after the taking of the sev-
enth cene-us in 1850 the Representatives were so ap-
portioned. These, it is believed, are all the general
laws upon this subject, extending in their operation
to all parts of the country, and ascertaining the
numerical character of the House.
From time to time special acts have been passed to
meet the exigencies of particular cases, at the discre-
tion of Congress. Theact of February 25.1791, chap-
ter nine, gave two Representatives each to Kentucky
and Vermont, until there should be "an actual
enumeration of theinhabitants of the United States."
By the act of J une 1,1796, chapter forty-seven, Ten-
nessee was admitted to the Union, with one Repre-
sentative 44 until the next general census." The act
of April 30.1802, chapter forty, enabled Ohio to form
a State, and gives her one Representative "until the
next general census." The actof April 8,1812, chap-
ter fifty, admitting Louisiana, gives her one Repre-
sentative " until the next general census." The act
of April 19, 1816,chapterfifty-seven, enables Indiana
to form a State government, and until the next gen-
eral census entitles her to one Representative. She
was admitted to the Union by joint resolution De-
cember 11, 1816. A similar act was passed for Missis-
sippi, March 1.1817, chapter thirty-three, and asim-
ilar joint resolution December 10, 1817; also for
Illinois, April 18, 1818, chapter sixty-seven, and
December 3, 1818; and for Alabama, March 2,1819,
chapter forty-seven, and December 14.1819.
The act of April 7. 1820, chapter thirty-nine, re-
duced the number of Representatives in the Seven-
teenth Congress from the State of Massachusetts to
thirteen, and gave the remaining seven to the re-
cently formed State of Maine.
The general apportionment act of March 7,1822,
gave to Alabama two Representatives. The follow-
ing year a special act, January 14,1823. chapter two,
gave her an additional member upon fuller inform-
ation as to the number of her inhabitants, The act
of Mareh 6, 1820. chapter twenty-two, enables Mis-
souri to form aState government with one Represent-
ative until the " next general census." She was ad-
mitted to the Union by joint resolution March 2.
1821.
The act of June 15,1836, chapter one hundred, ad-
mitted Arkansas to the Union with one Represent-
ative " until the next general census."
The legislation by which Michigan was admitted
to the Union was attended with much difficulty. It
will be found in the acts of June 15, 1836, chapter
ninety-nine, of June 23, 1836, chapter one hundred
and twenty-one, and of January 26,1837, chapter six,
and its difficulties are illustrated by the debates of
the two Houses. In the present purpose it is deemed
sufficient to refer to section three of the act of June
15,1836. which provides that as soon as the people of
Michigan should have complied with certain funda-
mental conditions the President should announce
the same by proclamation; and thereupon, without
further action of Congress, 44 the Senators and Rep-
resentatives who have been elected by thesaid State"
should be entitled to take their seats without further
delay; nothing appearing in the statutes to indicate
the number of Representatives.
The act of March 3,1845, chapter forty-eight, for the
admission to the Union of Iowa and Florida, provides
that" until the next census and apportionment" each
State be entitled to one Representative. Iowa was
not, in fact, admitted under this act and not until
near the close of the following year, act of December
28.3846. chapter one; but no further provision was
made lor her representation.
The joint resolution of December 29,1845, chapter
one, admits Texas to the Union with two Representa-
tives until the next apportionment.
The act of August 6, 1846, chapter eighty-nine,
enables the people of Wisconsin to form a State gov-
ernment, with two Representatives "until another
census" and apportionment.
The act of September 9,1850, chapter fifty, admits
California to the Union, with two Representatives,
until the next apportionment. Before that time the
seventh census was taken pursuant to the act of May
23. 18oU, and California declares, by virtue of her
ascertained numbers, to be still entitled to two and
only two Representatives; and yet Congress thought
proper, by actof Juno2,l£62.chaptcminety-one, for
reasons appearing in the body of the act, to accord to
li^r one additional Representative in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress.
The act of February 26.1857, chapter sixty, enables
the people of Minnesota to form a. State govern-
ment. and provides for the taking of a census in the
Tonitoiy with a view to ascertain the number of
llcpi esentMtives to which, as a State, she would be
on titled. The act of May 11.185S. chapter thirty-one.
admits her to the Union, with two Representatives
" until the next apportionment."
The act of February 11,1859, chapter thirty-three,
admits Oregon to the Union, with one Representa-
tive "until the next census and apportionment."
The act ot May 4,1858, chapter twenty-six, pro-
viding for the admission to the Union of Kansas,
under the Lccompton constitution and that of Jan-
nary 29.1801, chapter twenty, admitting her under
the Wyandotte constitution, both declare her enti-
tled to one Representative "until the next general
apportionment."
The art t f December 31,1862, chapter six. erects a
portion of the State of Virginia into the new State
of West Virginia, with three Representatives, leav-
ing unchanged the number to which Virginia is
entitled.
The act of Mareh 21, 1864, chapter thirty-six, en-
ables the people of Nevada to form a State govern-
ment with one Representative " until the next gen-
eral census;" and on the 19th of April, 1864, an act
similar in all respects was passed by the people of
Nebraska, under which act both States have been
admitted to the Union, completing the present num-
ber, thirty-seven.
These various acts have been collated at some
pains to show how completely the number of Repre-
sentatives in the House has been contested at the dis-
cretion of Congress, a discretion scarcely less abso-
lute than that of each House over**the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
This is illustrated by the arbitrary, nay, artificial
numbers at which the ratio was successfully fixed
by allowing Representatives for the fractions of the
ratio, by the admission of new States with one, two,
three, or more Representatives according to their
estimated populations, by reducing the representa-
tion of a State whose population had been reduced
by the excision of part of her territory, by increas-
ing the representation of States, as in the case of
Alabama and California when it was manifested that
their population had been underestimated, and by
determining the aggregate numberof the House and
requiring our executive offieer to make the appor-
tionment among the several States.
It is illustrated even more forcibly, if possibl e, by
the aet of March 4,1836, chapter thirty-six, which
increases the number of Representatives from 233,
the number established by the general law of May
23,1850, to 241, giving to Pennsylvania. Ohio, Ken-
tucky, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Vermont, and
Rhode Island each one additional member to which
they were not entitled under thd general law.
In a word, these acts establish the general prop-
osition that Congress has complete jurisdiction to
adjust the representative numbersof the House, and
has repeatedly and constantly exercised it at discre-
tion, according to the varied equity cf cach partic-
ular case.
Case of Tennessee.
The case of Tennessee is this: according to the
census of 1860 the inhabitants of the United States,
reckoning all free persons and three fifths of all
others, numbered29,553,273. Divide by 241, the num-
ber of members now composing the House, it gives
122,627 as the present representative ratio. Tennes-
see had 834,082 free inhabitants, white and colored,
and 275,719 slaves; a total of 1,109,801. Three fifths
of her slaves, however, added to her free population,
on the principle of the representative enumeration,
made 999,514, by virtue whereof she has now eight
Representatives.
In February, 1865, she, by voluntaryact, a popular
vote, manumitted and emancipated her 275,719 slaves,
nearly one fourth of her population. Two fifths of
this number, 110,288, are thereby added to those
already entitled to representation. This, with a pre-
vious representative fraction, leaves 128.785.for which
the State has no Representative, counting only the
population as it was in 1860. This excess of popular
numbers over the number of her present Represent-
atives is not the result of growth or natural increase,
in which the several parts of the country are pre-
sumed to keep pace, at least until the contrary is dem-
onstrated by the census, but of a great political act
as conspicuous and distinctive as would be the an-
nexation of a foreign territory containing so many
people. For the purpose of this inquiry, it is as if
the boundaries of Maine were by treaty extended
to embrace Nova Scotia, with 110,288 inhabitants.
Is it equitable and just that\hey should be denied
a Representative? The undersigned think not.
Since the voluntary action of Tennessee in eman-
cipating her slaves Congress has taken not only an
important step toward settling the status of Amer-
ican citizenship, but also indicating a further proper
basis of representation. On the 16th of June, 1866,
what is known as article fourteen was submitted to
the Legislatures of the different States. On July 20,
1868, this article was formally proclaimed as apart
of the Constitution of the United States by the Sec-
retary of State. The second section of said article,
to which particular attention is invited, reads as fol-
lows :
*4Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for the choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, the ex-
ecutive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one
years of age and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the
number of male citizens shall bear to the whole num-
ber of male citizens twenty-oneyears of age in such
State."
This section, though general in its terms, was
adopted with particular reference to the recently
emancipated colored population, and is a declara-
tion to the several States in which this population
is found that if they are enfranchised the State shall
be represented accordingly; if not, representation
shall be diminished. It either moans tills or is a
mockery and means nothing.
As soon as possible after the promulgation of the
proposed amendment—on the 10th of June, 1s66—
Tennessee convened her Legislature and ratified it.
She then changed her franchise laws to conform to
the spirit of this amendment by removing from all
colored people within her boundaries all civil and
political disabilities, and conferring upon them the
Tight to elect and to be elected to every office, from
the highest to the lowest. Having done this, and the
fourteenth article having become valid as a part of
the Constitution, what was before a claim for lull and
complete representation, resting in thediscretion of
Congress, became now an absolute, constitutional
right. For it must be borne in mind always that this
action of Tennessee has been her own, independent
and in advance of executive proclamations, consti-
tutional amendments,and reconstruction acts. She
has met all the conditions of the Constitution in *
spirit of the most cheerful loyalty, and has created
in her favor an obligation which cannot be candled
by being denied.
Her Legislature, viewing the matter in this obvious
light, has by appropriate action provided for the
election of an additional Representative. On tbe 3.1
day of November, 1868—the day of the late presi-
dential election, and the day designated by law tor
the election of members of Congress in Tennessee—
the people of that State, fully impressed that they
were fairly entitled to an additional Representa-
tive, proceeded to elect, and did elect Hon. John B.
Rodgers to the Forty-First Congress.
It was a matter of general notoriety in Tennessee
some tiise before it occurred that such an election
would be held. The people of the State were duly
advertised of the fact by the act of tbe Legislature
and executive proclamations. The friends of the
present applicant for a seat brought him forward as
a candidate at a popular convention, unusually
largely attended, at the capital of the State. The
popular will was fully reflected at the polls in the
fact thatthe applicant received nearly as many votes
as were cast in that State on the same day for the
prevailing presidential electoral ticket. Tbe places
for voting in this case were the same as those at
which votes were given by persons of different polit-
ical proclivities for different candidates lor Congress,
and candidates for electors for President and Vice
President. Returns of the result in different coun-
ties were made in due form to the secretary of State,
as appears in official documents?, duly certified to.
On these returns, after having been duly canvassed,
the result was declared, and a certificate of election
issued by the GovemorofTennesseetotheclaimant,
which has been presented to the House and properly
referred.
Thus stand the important facts in the ease. The
entire proceeding, from its inception to its consum-
mation, has been remarkably regular and consistent.
The precedents cited as bearing upon the case are
as weighty and significant as tbey are singularly
numerous. It is believed they have not been, or can-
not be, successfully met or explained away. These
pointed examples of the unreserved exercise of legis-
lative authority are in themselves a powerful war-
rant for the course which has been pursued by Ten-
nessee. The vital point in the matter, however, is
that Tennessee has not only followed "the line of
safe precedent," but has conformed strictly to the
true intent and meaning of the fourteenth article of
the Constitution.
The fact that Tennessee happens to be the first
State to claim the practical applicationof theinesti-
mablc rights conferred in said article should Bot be
regarded as anomalous or involving a precedent of
doubtful or "dangerous policy."
Objections founded upon any such reasoning are
altogether likely to be speculative and fallacious,
and lead to great injustice and wrong.
To admit the correctness of the somewhat sweeping
statement sometimes made,thatthe admission ot the
claimant would be " a most dangerous precedent,"
would certainly be a most severe commentary upon
many of the deliberate acts of the Congresses pre-
ceding the present.
In the present instance Tennessee claims no rigbt
or privilege she would not willingly concede to any
other State having a similar record.
If upon a fair investigation of the grounds upon
which she bases her right to an additional Represent-
ative it is found her cause rests upon merit and jus-
tice, and is sustained by unquestionable authority,
her demand should receive a prompt and favorable
response. To deny to her a manifest constitutional
right upon tbe questionable and untenable objection
that some other State may set up a similar elaim
would surely afford abundant grounds for criticism,
and come in direct antagonism with the policy here-
tofore maintained and pursued by Congress.
The part borne by tbe sixty thousand raen of Ten-
nessee who rallied to the standard of the Union in
the late great struggle was one upon which the whole
country may look with gratification for all time Of
this number twenty thousand were colored men.whose
devotion and patriotism was illustrated upon the
historic and sanguinary fields of Franklin and Nash-
ville. Surrounded as Tennessee was by a cordon of
slave States, she has no reason to look other than
with pride at the course she has pursued m securing
for our common couutry universal emancipation.
It is notorious that a new era has been inaugu-
rated in our country as to popular rights. By tho
wonderful results of the late rebellion long-enter-
tained theories have been overthrown and repulsive
dogmas forever obliterated. Four million bondmen
have been raised from a position of abject servi-
tude to the high and responsible position of American
citizenship. Tho conferring of additional repre-
sentation in the case of Tennessee will not only be
a proper recognition of the claims of the recently
enfranchised portion of our fellow-citizens, but will
evince a consistent regard for the late decree of the
American people expressed in their written Con-
stitution.
The committee therefore recommend the adoption
of the iollowing resolutions:
Revived, That John B. Rodgers, upor. the facts
and circumstances shown in his ease, will be entitled
