THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope not. Let us go on
with the regular business, and not devote the
evening sessions to discussion alone. There
are very important matters to be acted upon
during this week. Every hour of time that is
. occupied in discussion is keeping back proper
legislation. I hope we will have an evening
session for business.
Mr. BECK. Am I entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has the floor. The Chair is
waiting for an arrangement to be made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield what time I can to the gentleman from
Kentucky, if that will do, but I cannot help
noticing the fact that gentlemen 011 the other
side voted yesterday to have no session to-day
at all.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. What does the gentle-
man mean by giving as much time as he can?
It seems to me very uncertain.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All that
I have a right to out of one hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. Did not the gentleman
distinctly admit in the presence of the House
that he did agree that the Opposition should
have reasonable time to discuss this bill ? Now,
what is reasonable time ? Let any gentleman
look the bill and consider the consequences
which it reaches and say what would be rea-
sonable. My colleague [Mr. Beck] says one
hour is needed by him. I know another gen-
tleman who wants half an hour. I would value
thirty minutes very highly myself. There are
othei* gentlemen who would probably wish to
occupy from fifteen to thirty minutes. I suppose
that nothingless than three hours would be con-
sidered reasonable time for discussing this bill
on this side of the House. The question is not
whether the gentleman will dole out to us a
few minutes according to his sovereign pleas-
ure, but whether he will stand to his agreement
and give us a reasonable time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The diffi-
culty I find is this: there is behind this bill all
the other business of the House, and to give
time to discuss it, when, in my judgment, it
will not alter the opinion of a single man on
either side after all that will be said, is only to
delay the business of the House. If the House
want to discuss it I have no objection. I do
not want to discuss it myself, and I am willing
to give all my time to the geatlemen on the
other side.
Mr. WOODWARt). Will you give us three
hours?
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say a word to
the chairman of the committee. The subject
of the Georgia bill was before the Committee
on Reconstruction. The chairman of the com-
mittee proposed to take a vote. My colleague
then asked whether an amendment could be
offered and it was refused. Then I asked the
chairman of the committee whether or not the
bill would be open to discussion. I said I
desired to discuss i t. He replied that it would
be open to free discussion, or words to that
effect.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know if what took place in the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction is properly debat-
able on this floor?
Ihe SPEAKER. Gentlemen must gener-
ally be their own judges of propriety in such
matters.
• ®^rLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentlemen opposite all the time I
have.
Mr. MORGAN. For my part I accept no
such offer.
Mr. BECK. I only wish to say to the
aouse that I am prepared to show by facts
*hich cannot be disputed that Georgia has
conformed to all the requirements of the re-
*jonstruction laws and is as much entitled to
representation here as any State in the Union.
I am prepared to show that the fourth section
of this bill punishes with imprisonment from
one to five years every man who involuntarily
gave any aid to the rebellion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
will the gentleman from Kentucky take the
time I offer him and go on and discuss the
bill?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; I will leave it to the
House to say whether they will afford us an
opportunity to discuss this bill or whether they
will second the previous question under the
ai >>A|i m
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will leave it for the decision of the House by
calling the previous question, and if it is voted
down I cannot help it. *
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 53, noes 61.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldridge were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 61, noes 67.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has thirty-five min-
utes of his hour remaining.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not some gentleman
who opposed the previous question entitled to
the floor?
The SPEAKER. .He will be when the gen-
tleman's hour expires.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, concluded
his remarks, which he withholds for revision.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to argue with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] whether it is necessary for
Congress to do what is proposed by this bill in--
order to secure the passage of the fifteenth con-
stitutional amendment; that may be, and it may
be equally necessary to take the same course in
regard to Indiana and New Jersey for the same
purpose; but I do propose to prove beyond
all question that the passage of the bill would
be the most flagrant act of usurpation that
this or any other Congress has ever attempted,
and I will do so by the recorded acts of this
Congress, and by the action of all the depart-
ments of the Government, legislative, execu-
tive, judicial—and military.
Before the House can consider understand-
ing^ the propositions contained in this bill
it is indispensable that the present status of
Georgia should be fully understood and care-
fully considered, because 1 assume that there
is no man so radical—I might say, so utterly
regardless of decency—as to vote to set aside
and annul her State government if she has fully
complied with your own reconstruction acts,
and especially if Congress has so decided.
I propose to show briefly that she has ; that
Congress and especially this House has so de-
clared ; and that you might with as much pro-
priety pass this bill in relation to New York or
Massachusetts as in relation to Georgia.
I propose to admit for the sake of argument
what, ot course, I do not believe, what 1 do not
suppose any man on either side of this House
believes,^ that your reconstruction laws were
all constitutional, or at least properly enforce-
able ; and think I can show that Georgia has
complied with all their requirements, you being
the judges.
By the fifth section of the act of March 2,
1867, entitled " An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the States,'1 Georgia
being included, it is provided:
"That when the people of anyone of said rebel
btates shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the
Umted States in all respects, framed by a convention
ot delegates elected by the male citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever race
color, or previous condition, who have been resident
m said State for one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation m the rebellion or for felony at com-
mon law; and when such constitution shall provide
that the elective franchise shall be enjoyed by all
such persons as have the qualifications herein stated
tor electors of delegates; and when such constitution
shall be ratified by a majority of the persons voting
on the question of ratification who are qualified as
euiHTs L <le*esates, and when such constitution
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, and Congress shall have approved
thesame; and when said State, by a voteofits Legis-
lature, elected under said constitution, shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the
United Sta'es, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress and known as article fourteen; and when said
article shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, said State shall be declared enti-
tled to representation in Congress, and Senators and
Representatives shall be admitted therefrom on their
taking the oaths prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter the preceding sections of this act shall be
inoperative in said State."
By this act and the acts supplementary
thereto full provision was made for the sub-
mission for ratification of such constitution as
might be framed to the registered voters. Sec-
tion five of the act of March, 33, 1867, pro-
' That if, according to said returns, the constitu-
tion shall be ratified by a majority ot the votes ol the
registered electors qualified as herein specified, cast at
said election, (at least one half of all the registered
voters vo.ting upon the question of such ratification,)
the president of the convention shall transmit a copy
of the same, duly certified, to the President of the
United States, who shall forthwith transmit the same
to Congress if then in session, and if not in session,
then immediately upon its next assembling ; and if
it shall, moreover, appear to Congress that the elec-
tion was one at which all the registered and qualified
electors in the State had an opportunity to vote freely
and without restraint, fear, or the influenceof fraud,
and if the Congress snail be satisfied that such con-
stitution meets the approval of a majority of all tho
qualified electors in the State, and if the said consti-
tution shall be declared by Congress to be in con-
formity with the provisions of the act to which this
is supplementary, and the other provisions of said act
shall have been complied with, and the said consti-
tution shall be approved by Congress, the State shall
be declared eniitledto representation, and Senators and
Representatives shall be admitted therefrom as herein
provided."
Under these acts a convention assembled in
Georgia and framed a State constitution, which,
after full consideration, was approved by Con-
gress, a single modification of it being required;
it was duly ratified by the people 5 State officers
and Representatives in Congress were elected
under it. The act of Congress which passed
on the 25th of June, 1868, by a vote of at least
two thirds of each House over the veto of the
President, reads thus;
An act to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia. Alabama, and Flor-
ida to representation in Congress.
Whereas the people of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance ot the provisions of an act en-
titled " An act tor the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and the acts
supplementary thereto, framed constitutions ol State
government which are republican, and have adopted
said constitutions by large majorities of the votes
cast at the elections held for the ratification or rejec-
tion of the same : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States 0/ America in Coagrexs assem-
bled, That each of the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida shall be entitled and admitted to representa-
tion yn Congress as a State of the Union when the
Legislature of such State shallhaveduly ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the 'Ihirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, upon the following iundamental
conditions: that the constitutions of neither of said
States shall ever be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizen or class of citizens ot the United
fetates of the right to vote in said State who are
entitled to vote by the constitution thereof herein
recognized, except as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereot they
sha.l have been duly convicted under laws equally
aPPncabje to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, rhat any alteration of said constitution may
be made with regard to the time and place of resi-
dence of voters; and the State of Georgia shall only
be entitled and admitted to representation upon this
^rther lundamental condition: that the first and
third subdivisions of section seventeen of the fitth
article ot the constitution ot said State, except the
proviso to the first subdivision, shall be null and
void, and that the General Assembly of said State by
solemn public act shall declare the assent of the State
to the ioregoing fundamental condition.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if the day
? •  « meeting of the Legislature of either
ufi l €S by theconstitution or ordinance thereof
shall have passed or have so nearly arrived before
the passage of this act that there shall not be time for
the Legislature to assemble at the period fixed, such
Legislature shall convene at th© end of twenty days
irom the time this act takes effect, unless the Gov-
ernor-elect shall sooner convene the same.
Sec.,3. And be it further enacted, That the first sec-
tion of this act shall take effect as to each State,
except Georgia, when such State shall, by its Legis-
lature, duly ratify article fourteen of the amend-
ment* to the Constitution of the United States pro-
Posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and as to the
otate of Georgia when it shall in addition give tho
assent ol said State to the fundamental condition
hereinbefore imppsed upon tho same; and thereupon
