1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
the officers of each State duly elected and qualified
under the constitution thereof shall be inaugurated
without delay; butnoperson prohibited from hold-
ing ofhee under the United States, or under any State,
by section three ol cue proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, known as article
fourteen, shall be deemed eligible to any office in
eitiier ot said States, unless relieved from disability
as piovided m said amendment; and it is hereby
made the duly ot the President, within ton days sitter
receiving olhcial information of the i atific.ilion of
said amendment by the L\gislatuto of oil her of said
States, to lisue a proclamation .jnnouneitig that fact.
SCHUYLUii COLFAX,
Speaker oj the iious-c of It-'urcscdtativcs.
U. h\ WADE,
President oj the Senate pro tempore.
Under this law the Legislature of Georgia
met and promptly gave the assent of the State
to the fundamental condition required by the
act I have read, and also ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, forwarding
their action in that regard to the President of
the United States, who caused the following
proclamation to be made, which proclamation
Congress has at least by its acquiescence tally
approved and indorsed.
A. Pt oclctniation.
Whereas by an act of Congress entitled "An act to
tjdrnit the States ot jNorth Carolina, Sou eh Oaiolma,
Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Eiomia to leprc-
seiitacion in Congress," passed the £>tii day of June,
IStiS, it is declared tliat it is made the duty of the
President within ten days after receiving official in-
formation of the ratification by the Legislature of
eilhorof t>aid States ot si. proposed amendment to the
Constitution, known sis article fourteen, to issue a
proclamation announcing that fact; and whereas a
paper was leceived at the Depaiiment of State this
27th day of July, 18(53, purporting to be a joint reso-
lution of the senate and iiouse of representatives of
the General Assembly of the State ot Georgia ratify-
ing the said proposed amendment, and also purpos-
ing to have passed the two said houses respectively
on the 21st of July, 18(j8, and to have been approved
by llutus IS. 33uilock, who therein signs himself Gov-
ernor ot Geoigia, which paper is also attested by the
signatures of Benjamin Conley, as president ot the
senate, an-, li. L. McWhortcr, as speaker of the
house of representative-, and is fuitner attested by
the signatuies of A. E. Marshall, as secretary of the
senate, and M. A. Hardin, as clerk of the house of
lepre&entatives:
Now, theiefore, be it known that I, Andrew John-
son, President of the United States ot America, in
compliance with and execution of the act of Congress
before mentioued, do issue this my proclamation,
announcing the fact of the ratification of the said
amendment by the Legislature of Uie Stateot Georgia
in the manner hereinbefore set forth.
In testimony whereof I have signed these presents
withrnj hand, and havecaused the seal of the United
States to be heicunto affixed.
Done at the cuy of Washington this 27th day of
July, in the yeat of our Lord, 18(53, and ol the inde-
pendence of the United States of Arnei ica the uinety-
tmrd.
[l. s.] ANDREW JOHNSON.
By the President:
William li. Seward, Secretary of State.
General Meade on the 22d of July officially
notified General Grant that Georgia had com-
plied with the fundamental condition required
by Congress in the following telegram :
Headquarters Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 22,18t>3.
Yesterday the Governox--elect of Geoigia notified
me officially that both houses of the General Assem-
bly ot Georgia had by solemn act complied with the
requisitions of the act of Congress which became a
law June 25, 1868; and to-day I have witnessed the
inaugui ation of the Governor-elect.- The State of
Georgia is, therefore, under the acts of Congress, en-
titled to representation. The official documents will
be carried to-day by Brevet Brigadier General R. C.
Drum, sent to Washington for tni? purpose.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General United Stutes Army.
General U. S. Grant, Wa-vhington, D. C.
After all this was done the Representatives-
elect from Georgia to the Fortieth Congress
came here and presented their credentials as
such. They were referred to the Committee
of Elections, and on the 25th day of July, 1868,
Hon. Henry L. Dawes, chairman of the com-
mittee, made the following report, which I read
from the Congressional Globe, second session
Fortieth Congress, page 4471:
"Members-elect from Georgia.
" Mr. Dawes. X am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report back the ere lentials of J. W.
Cliftand C. II. Prince, members-elect from the State
of Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other
respects having conformed to the requirements of
law in regard to the admission of that St ite. These
gentlemen will take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1862.
" The report was agreed to.
"Mr. Clift and Mr. Prince appeared and qual-
ified."
41st (Jong, 1st Sj&s.—No, 38,
It is unnecessary to say to this Iiouse. three
fourths of whose members were membeis of
the Fortieth Congress, that all the Represent-
atives from Georgia occupied seats on this
floor during the remainder of the term, by voice
and vote taking part in and controlling the
legislation of the country, and it. is equally cer-
tain and equally well known that if the Sen- i
ators elected by the Legislature of Georgia had i
reached here and presented their credenlials !
at any time before the adjournment of the sec- '
ond session of the Fortieth Congress they
would have been Bwornin as Senators without
one word of objection from any quarter, unless
there had been objection to them on grounds
purely personal. That simple, plain, unvar-
nished statement of the facts and the laws
would seem to me to conclude the question
and render the defeat of the proposed bill abso-
lutely certain.
But that is not all; the question as to the
eligibility of the members of the Georgia Legis-
lature and their right to take their seats as
members thereof, without being lequired to
take any oath other than that required by the
constitution of Georgia, was not only not over-
looked, but was thoroughly and carefully can-
vassed at the time they took iheir seats, although
the act of Congress of June 25, 1808, which
provided that "the officers of each State duly
elected and qualified under the constitution
thereof shall be inaugurated without delay,"
would seem to exclude the possibility of the
assumption of Governor Bullock and of this bill
that any other oath can be required. The then
General of the Army, now President of the
United States, and the lending lawyers of this
House were consulted by General Meade, who
was then the military commander in Georgia,
and they all agreed that no oath could be re-
quired except such as the constitution of Geor-
gia imposed, and that no disqualification except
that imposed by the fourteenth amendment
could be considered. Perhaps the most con-
clusive and satisfactory proof 1 could furnish
of that fact would be from the official report
of General Meade to General Rawlins, chief of
staff, dated Atlanta, Georgia, Octobcr31, 1808.
General Meade says.
" Theio is one point in regard to the admission of
the State of Geoigia. to which I fool callcd upon to
make special allu>H>n. When the Legislatuie was
con vcued by the provisional governor and Governor-
elect the question aiose whether as military com-
mander I w.is called on to inquiic info the eligibility
of the member?, cither under the United States laws
or the constitution ot Georgia, The convention of
Georgia had, in its ordinance calling an election,
directed that all returns should be sent to the mili-
tary commander ol the district, who was requested
to issue the nececsaiy ceitiiicates of election. In
carrying out this requestot theconvcntion I deemed
my duty simply required that I should give the mem-
ber having the greatest numberof votes the ordinary
certificate of election, and that it would be for each
House to decide on the eligibility of those mem-
bers whose scats were on any grounds contested.
While I admitted, as district commander executing
the law, I was to sec that no one ineligible to oftico
under the fourteenth article constitutional amend-
ment should be allowed to take office, I did not see
that in the case of a parliamentary body I was called
on to decide on the qualifications of the members,
in this view I was sustained by a telegram sent to
me foi my information from the War Department,
which had been sent to the Governor of Louisiana
and the military commander ot the fitch military
district, and which I quote:
Washington, June 30,1858,
To Governor Waemoth, New Orleans:
We think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of the amendment to tho Constitution
of the United States are not eligible to your Legisla-
ture. This is to be determined by the respective
houses, but no oath can be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
JAMES WILSON,
Chairman Judicutry Committee.
GEORGE F. BOUTWELL,
J. I?. tfARNSWORTH,
H. E. PAINE,
iieconstruction Committee.
"It will bo seen by the above telegram that the
distinguished gentlemen whose Rameg were attached
were of the opinion, first, that no one ineligible to
office under the fourteenth article could take a seat in
the Legislature; second, that the respective nouses
were to judge of the question; third, that no oath
testing this eligibility could or should be prescribed
in advanco of tho meeting of the Legislatuie* Jhese
views being in accordance with my own, I acted on
them, and was present at the organU*U<*n of tho
two houses of the Georgia Legislation: to Uie mem-
bers declared in my order as having the highest num-
ber of votes there being administered on!y the oath
piesciibed by the Stale constitution. After rheso
houses were organized, the piovisional governor in-
forming iuo officially oi their oiganiaation, but that
us far as iic could learn no is rep* had ueon taken to
test the question ot tlie eligibility ol members under
tiie fourceentu article, I replied to the governor that
until the .State wa>3 actiuuted to repitseiiuition the
Legist a tui e a ud ail the o Ulcers were otiiy provisional,
and subjectto tue parauiountauthoriiy of thedistiict
coiumaiidei, and that in the cxcici-e of this power I
fdlouid consider all aei  ol the LtgUlulurc null and
void untd satislaetoiy evidence was presented to me
that each home nnd purged nself of ineligible mem-
bers under the_ fourteenth ai tide, piovideti theio
were any sucti in either hou^c; and I desired the
provisional governor to oommunicatc these views to
each house. On tho receipt of this letter each house
at, oneo ordered an investigating committee and in-
quired into the qualification of each member and
duly reported this fact thiough the provisional gov-
ernor, stating at the same time that neither house
had found any member ineligible.
"The provisional governor, in transmitting these
communication:?, expressed tho opinion founded on
evidence presented to him that several members m
both houses were ineligible, and called on me to ex-
orciso my power and requno said members to vacate
their seats. On leffecting upon this subject I could
not see how I was to take ttie individu.it judgment
ot tho piovisional governor in tho face of ft .solemn
act of a pailtauientary body, especially a^s fiom Ujo
t estimony presented 1 did not, in several easca, agi ee
wuh the judgment of tho provisional governor. Tho
question was simply wiiother in the construction of
a law «ind in ciuisidcuug the Iacts of individual
eases 1 should make myself tho judge, or take tno
opinion of the piovisiomil governor in the face of
the official intomnitioii that a parliamentary body
had gravely ami loimaiiy through a. committee ex-
amined, leporled, and acted on these cases. JMy
judgment was decidedly that I had lulfilled my duty
in compelling the houses to take tho actiou they
had. and that having thus acted 1 had neither au-
thority, nor was it politic or expedient, to overrule
their action and feet up my individual judgment in
opposition. By an inspection ot the telegram sent
July 18, and the reply of the General-in-Chief, July
2S, it will be seen that my views and actions wore
appioved. 1 allude thus in extenso to this subject,
because his Excellency the Governor ot Georgia, m
:i public speech recently delivered at Albion, New
York, is pleased to attribute the tailuro ot Geoigia.
to bo properly reconstructed to my action m failing
to purge the Legislature of his political opponents,
he having advised mo, whon he urged such action,
that Ins lriends had boon relieved ot their disability
by Congress.'"
'The telegrams to which General Meade
refers are as follows : m
Atlanta, Gkorgia, July IS, 1S68.
General U. S. Gka.nt, IVa*hin[/ton, D. G, :
On the 8th instant, having been officially notified
by tho provisional governor of Georgia that both
houses of the Legislature had repoited to him they
weic organized and leady for any communication
from him. 1 instructed the governor to communicato
to both houses that until compliance was had with
tho laws of Congress 1 oonsideied them provisional
and subject to my contiol, and that I could not con-
sider cither house legally organized until it had ex-
amined into and decided on tho eligibility of its
members under tho fourteenth article. On receipt
of this communication each house appointedacom-
mittee to investigate and report. In the senate a
majority ot thecommittccreported all eligible. Ono
member of the minority icported two ineligible.
Another member of tho minority report© 1 nine in-
eligible. The senate, after heariug.the reportof the
committee and excluding the senators reported against
from voting, indorsed and adopted tho report of the
majority declaring none ineliAible. This action is
to-day transmitted to me by tho provisional gov-
ernor who adopts the extreme report ot the minor-
ity, gives his judgment that the action ol theinajonty
of the committee and of the senate is illegal, and
that the nine members are ineligible; states, how-
ever, that he has official information that certain of
these members have had their disability removed
by Congress, aud calls on me to overrule thedecision
of the seuate and declare vacant the seats of those
members reported against by one member of the
minority whose disabilities have not been removed.
I am not disposed to alter the position I have as-
sumed thftt it is the prerogative of each house to
judge of the facts and the law in the cases of mem-
bers of their houses. I consider I have performed
my duty when I called their attention to the law and
required action to be taken under it, I do not feel
inyaeif competent to overrule the deliberate action
ot a legislative body who report they have conformed
to the rule I laid down for their guidance. If I was
the sole rftod exclusive judge of the qualifications of
members I should have exercised my prerogative
before allowing the houses to organize. I construed
the dispatch of Mr. Wilson to Governor Warmoth,
prohibiting any oath but such as the constitution
prescribed, as prohibiting any test in advance of the
house having control, and as leaving to each bouse
the right to decide.
My judgihent, therefore, is to acquiesce in the
decision of the senate, and leave to Congress such
actiou os may hereafter bedeemed proper in case the
senate iui« failed to comply with the law. To adopt
the course proposed by theprovisional governor, and
overrule the action of the senate, will bring me in
I immediate conflict with tho Legislature, and pro-
1 duce results which, in my juagnwnt, will beworsQ
