596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
urer of the State, $35,000 on the following
diafts':
Copy of First Draft.
No. —. New York. October 29,1868.
I'ourth National Bank of the city of New York
pay to the order oi , $17,000.
RUFUS B. BULLOCK,
$17,000. Governor oj Georgia.
Copy of Second Draft.
No. —. Nfw York, December 3, 1S5S.
Fourth National B ink of the city of >'ew York,
pay to iho order of R. B. Bullock, $8,01)0. Cha ge
account State.
RUFUSB. BULLOCK,
$8,000. Governor oj Georgia.
Copy of Third Draft.
(Indorsed on back: H. I. Kimball & Co.)
December 12, 1868.
To the Fourth National Bank, Nov York:
Pay to the order of H. I. Kimball & Co. $10,000, and
charge samo to the account of the State of Georgia.
RUFUS B. BULLOCK.
Governor.
By the Governor;
EUGENE DAVIS.
Secretary Executive Department.
In his reply to the charges preferred against
him by the treasurer he says, in a communi-
cation to the Legislature dated January 21,
1869:
"I found it necessary, in order to secure the full
completion oi the capitol building and public offices
in time for the lec^ption of the General Assembly,
to make certain advances of mon-y to ilie Meatus.
Kimball, and obtained the monev for such advances
from the Fourth National Bank upon my official
drafts. I do not propose, however, in this communi-
cation, to argue the propriety of that course, but
simply to state the fact."
Yet. strange as it may seem, it is neverthe-
less tiue that Governor Bullock, in an elab-
orate message to the Legislature da'ed January
13, 1869, while he speaks of the financial con-
dition uf the State, of " the clear and compre-
hensive leport of the treasurer," of''tue full
and able report of the comptroller general,"
&c., does not say one woi d about this $36,000.
nor of the necessity of advancing money to
the Messrs. Kimball in order to secure the
full completion of the capirol building, &c. On
the contrary, he says, near the close of that
message :
"The satisfactory manner in which the enereetic
and able contractors, Messrs. Kimball, have exe-
cuted their contract with the city oj Atlanta cannot
fa.il to reeeivo your approval.
"You now have legislative halls, committee-
rooms, and public offices, superior to any found in
the southern Slates and equaled by few of those in
the North. The removal and establishment of the
new capitol hasbeen accomplished at comparatively
trifling cost to the State."
The contract of the Messrs. Kimball it seems
was with the city of Atlanta, and not with
the State of Georgia. That city having agreed
in consideration of the removal of the capitol
from Milledgeville there to furnish the State
with suitable buildings; but I am not going to
enter into that, nor do I care at present to
consider whether Mr. Angier, the treasurer,
was sustained in making such charges as he
did against the Governor, nor whether he was
right in his suspicions as to the interest the
Governor had in any property in common with
the Kimbalfs. I willread however an extract
from his report to the finance committee of
the house of representatives.
Mr. Angier says:
"The Governor knew when he penned the above
that I had made warfare on several of his warrants,
audrefused payment because of illegality: he fur-
ther knows that he urged me to pay mileage to a
subordinate clerk, which he knew was "unlawful
expenditure '* and downright robbery. lie has em-
ployed and paid three times as many elerks as has
been customary in the executive department, al-
lowing some full, even extra pay, when they were
absent half the time. Ho issued a warrant of $2,000
upon an account running from 1858 to 1863, which
Governor Jenkins and the Legislatureofl866 refused
to pay. He advocated the paving of Messrs. Kim-
ball $25,000 rent per year for the opera building, and
seemed anxious I should lend my influence in that
direction, which led me to infer tbathc was interested
m the building-, and the unauthorized use of the
amount stated above strengthens my conjectures.
" I must say the Governor's imagination was very
fruitful and greatly in error, and his vanity easily
flattered, when ke stated I assured him of my confi-
dence in his integrity."
I find in the proceedings of the house of
j?epresentativea of February 18 the following,
reported by telegraph from Atlanta to the
Macon Telegraph :
"The minorty report of the Committceon Finance
was lead. It says: 4 Messrs. Kimball had brought in
bills amounting to 857,000 against the State, which
the Governor should have icpoited to the Gcncial
Assembly, and that the funds were unlawfully urawn.
Furthoi, the State w as not bound lo pay for painting
and £< s-fixlu!es.; oldfmmture was sufficient to an-
MVi.r their purposes. Neither the city of Atlanta nor
the Lcgihl.ttuie ever contemplated such extrava-
gance. The conductof the Governor was wholly un-
authorised by law or precedent. The payment of the
wariant was reinsert by the TreaMiior in accordance
with his duty, and.he deserves tho thanks of the
people.'
" It recommends that no payment of these bills be
made until all matters arc invest) era led fully.
"One biliforpaintmg calls for 815,000; for gas-fix-
tures ^(>.000; chairs, including desks, frlO.UOO ; caipets,
$(5,000; shelves, $6,000.
" The previous question was called upon the adop-
tion of the minority report. The report was adopt-
ed—yeas 86, nays 37,"
I have not been able to see the majority or
minority reports in full bearing on these mat-
ters, but the information given to the Recon-
struction Committee is that the matter as to
the Governor in regard to these transactions
is still pending and undetermined, and there-
fore the breaking up and disbanding of that
Legislature would be an easy solution of the
whole matter, as it would be an easy matter
with the absolute power conferred upon him
from the time this bill takes effect till the
Legislature is again convened to see that none
of those likely to give him trouble should be
again allowed to take their seats. 1 may per-
haps as well add the following from the pro-
ceedings of the house of representatives of
March '2, 1860, as showing the phase the con-
troversy was assuming then. It is taken from
the Macon Telegraph:
"On motion of Mr. O'Neal, the rules were sus-
pended to take up the Sena :e resolution appointing
a joint committee to decide who is the responsible
party for the 331,000drawn by the Governor m favor
of the Messis. Kimball.
" Mr. Shumate amended as follows :
'"But baid committee shall not be regarded as
aibitratois, and its fmuing shall not be an award;
but its duty shall simply be to repoi t facU and i ecom-
mend any action they may think proper.'
" Mr. Scott hoped that this house w<mld not concur
in the Senate resolutions appointing a joint commit-
tee of arbitration from tho senate and house and the
city council of Atlanta to settle a dispute between
Governor Bullock, the city council ot Atlanta, and
tho Mcsj>rfe.Kunball. Wo tie not a judicial tribunal
to settle t ho construction of contracts between other
parties. We are not here to decide upon points of
law, but to make laws, leaving their construction 10
tho courts. Tlio city of Atlanta has, under its con-
tract with the State of Geosgia, furnished a magnifi-
cent building with ample conveniences for the use
uf this General Assembly. No complaint has been
inado on our part that this building is uot suitable,
ample, and convenient. Governor Bullock,without
tho authority of law, furnished one of the contract-
ing par. ies $31,000. to bo used in heatingand lighting
the house, Tlie Governor, in his message read yes-
teiday, states unequivocally that under tho con-
tiact between the State and city of Atlanta Georgia
is not hound for a dollar invested in this building
and its fixtures. And he does not ask an appropria-
tion to cover the amount that he has paid out. The
city of Atlanta has not intimated to this body that
she has done more than was required by hereon tract,-
and has not asked to be relieved of any part of the
burden. Whence, then, the necessity of this com-
mittee if Georgia is not a party to this dispute £ A
committee has already been appointed by this house
to devise ways and means by which the $3o,000drawn
on the credit of the State by the Governor may be
secured to the State. Let, therefore, this message be
referred to that committee, and not thrust Georgia
into a controversy to which she is not a party, lie
repeated that the only legitimate way in which this
subject can be brought before this house is by a bill
or by message asking an appropriation. No such
request hasbeen made, and if made would not be com-
plied with." * *******
" Mr. Shumate's amendment was agreed to, and
the resolution adopted."
Passing from that, I will next notice the
unwarranted statement in the preamble that—
"It appears that the local authorities in said State
are wholly unable or unwilling to protect the lives,
liberties, and property of lawful and unoffending
citizens of said State from lawless violence, and re-
frain purposely, or from want of power, from bring-
ing such offenders to justicc."
I assert that the reverse appears, and that it
only requires a reading of the printed testi-
mony in the Georgia case, taken by the Recon-
struction Committee of the Fortieth Congress,
which is, I presume, jn £he possession of every
member of tliis House, to verify ijjy asser-
tion. I do not propose to analyze £his t$asg of
evidence, nor even to state the prominent facts
proved by the witnesses I will content mj se r
with laying before the House the ciiculai sent
by Hon. Nelson Tift, one of the members or
the fortieth Congress from Georgia, to tae
judges and other officers in his State, and his
statement in a reply to Governor Bullock as
to the character of responses received b> him,
all ot which is fully sustained by the printed
testimony which you all have:
House of Representatives United States,
washington, i>. 0., December R3, lbbS.
To the honorable judges of the supreme court, judges of
the .superior corn U\ judues oj courts oj ordinal y, and
mayors of cities in the &tate of Georgia :
The prcsentcondition of affairs in Georgia is being
investigated before the joint Committee on Recon-
struction with a purpose of adopting such action by
Congress as may seem to them necessary and proper
to insute the faithful and prompt administration of
the laws, and protection to the rights of all classes of
persons and property.
Certain parties from Georgia, and amongthemher
present Governor, with the avowed purpose of in-
ducing Congress to de.-troy the present organized
government of that State, and remand her people to
military luie oi to the dictatorship of a provisional
governor, with the Army and Navy of the United
States to enforce his edicis, arc representing here tho
imperative necessityot a etiange iu the government
ot Georgia, on account of lawlessness, anarchy, and
lack ol protection to life, liberty, and propeity, and
the pcisecuuon and crueby which the white people
are inflicting upon innocent negroes and Union men
in that State.
It is important to the character and interests of
Georgia that the truth should be known on these
subjects, and as one other Representatives in Con-
gie>s I take the Ilboi ty to ask you, as an officer ol the
State, to furnish me with a brief statement of your
pci&onal knowledge oi the truth or falsehood of tho
representations winch are being made ot affairs in
Georgia, and your opinion ot the efiect upon the
mteiests of Geoigia and the Un ted States of the
adopti m of the above measures which are now being
urged upon Congress.
_ My objec t m this communication is to place yourtes-
tiinouy before the Recon&ti uction Committee, which
will meet here January 5,1869, and subsequently, if
necessary, before Congress:
1. Are the laws of Georgia faithfully and impar-
tially administcied ?
2. Is there any organized orunorganizedresistanco
to the law?
3. Are the officers of the law faithful to their duties?
4. What is the disposition, feeling, and treatment
of the white people toward the black people?
5. What toward Republicans?
6. What toward nortuern men visiting or desiring
to settle m Georgia?
7. Do the people desire peace and a restoration of
their proper relations to the State and Government
of tho CJnion ?
8. Is there, in your opinion, any necessity or justi-
fication lor the proposed destruction of the piCv-ent
government of Geoigia and the establishment of a
militaiy or provisional government?
Please answer as early as practicable.
Direct to me here as member of Congress, and it
will come free of postage.
Yeiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
NEL-ON TIFT.
Mr. Tift says in his reply to Governor Bul-
lock :
Of those who sent answers to my circular two
aic judyes of the supreme court, four judges of the
superior eourr,, the Srate treasurer, sixty-eight judges
of the court ot ordinary in as many counties, eleven
mayors ot cities, six clciks of superior courts, nine
sworn statements, one United States assessor, and
others—making one hundred and eight persons, one
hundred and seven of whom agree in all essential
particulars in opposition to J he policy advocated by
Governor Bullock and in denial of the statements
made to Congress which were intended to show that
his policy was necessary. 1 stated my opinion that
these witnesses ot tho truth were chiefly Republicans.
Governor Bullock thinks I am mistaken. It may bo
so. I know that they reprcsentallshades ot political
opinion—extieme Republicans, moderate Repub-
licans, reconstructionists, original Union men. and
Democrats; but what is more important is, that with-
out the possibility of preconcert they are m general
agreement as to the facts, and their veracity is unim-
peached.
In closing this review ot Governor Bullock's let-
ter, I confess with sorrow the humiliation I feel in
the necessity which makes it my duty, as a Repre-
sentative, to defend the people and State of Georgia
against the slanders and machinations of her Gov-
ernor. Whatever may have been the motives which
dictated his course, instead of acting as the guardian
and defender of her rights,her honor, and her inter-
ests, as duty and manhood required, he has been
foremost among her detainers and the chief enemy
of her peace and prosperity.
The order and comparative prosperity which now
exist in Geoigia are due to the wisdom, moderation,
and forbearance of her people. They believo that
truth and justice will yet prevail, and their rights
as a State in theUnion be recognized and respected.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
NELSON TIFT.
How the draftsman of this bill in the face
of the evidence before him could have drafted
