1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
such a statement as I have read in his pre-
amble would be peif'eetiy amazing if we did
not know how little this House oaied for facts
anu how few take any son of pains to infonn
themselves in regard 10 them. Thedraftsman
has had large experience, and knows that bold
assertion and outer denunciation goes further
and IS moie potent with the mass of his party
ii iends than facts that are unpalatable to them,
however clear the evidence may make them.
The whole scheme, as Mr. Bryant, a leading
.Republican from Georgia, alleged and proved
to iny satisfaction, at least by his argument
before the committee on Tuesday last, is to
break up the present Legislature of the State,
and by the imposition of new test-oaths not
required and not contemplated either by the
constitution of Georgia or any other State, or
b\ the people or the candidates when the elec-
tion was held, declare men ineligible who
weie clearly eligible tilt this bill becomes a
law, and instead of providing that a new elec-
tion shall be held to fill vacancies caused by
the rejection of those declared ineligible, which
it will be observed this bill carefully avoids, it
is part of the plan under the provisions of the
laws of Georgia to declare the defeated oppo-
nents of the rejected members duly elected,
and in this way {ill up the Legislature with
negroes and white creatures of Bullock for the
purpose of electing him and Foster Blodgett
United States Senators from Georgia; two
men, perhaps, more universally and justly
odious to the people of the .State than any two
men 111 it. And to enable Governor BulicJck
the more certainly to accomplish his purposes,
he is not required to summon the Legislature
to meet for six mouths; the troops of the Uni-
ted States are to be stationed in Georgia in
such numbers as may be necessary—the Gov-
ernor, of course, to be the judge of the neces-
sity—the officers are to obey the Governor,
andrpnderhim such assistance as he requires
in the protection of life and property, and in
the administration of justice in said State.
United States troops aiding in the adminis-
tration of justice is a new phase in American
junsprudeuce. Such protection as Governor
Bullock will order them to afford his political
opponents will be such as the wolf afforded the
lamb. ]f with all these appliances Governor
Bullock does not draw as many drafts on the
State funds as will relieve him and his fiiends
from pecuniary embarrassment hereafter it will
be wonderful, and it will be still more wonder-
ful if any treasurer or other official will have
the courage to call his acts in question. The
pending investigation will cease: Angier will
hale to emigrate, and Bullock and Blodgett
will, alter glinting their vengeance in Georgia,
take their seals 111 the Senate of the United
States.
fhe reinstatement of the negroes in the
Legislature without investigation is another
arbitrary proceeding. By what authority does
this Congress constitute itself a court to decide
as to the validity or invalidity of an act of the
Georgia Legislature? We can pass laws: if
we are dissatisfied with them or find that they
are being evaded we can alter or amend them,
but I (ltd not suppose we had any authority to
decide judicially that an act. done or a decision
given by a legally organized comt. or Legis-
hume, relative to a matter which by law they
are authorized to pass upon and decide, is
Void, as the third section of this bill does. I
lime known for some time that Congress was
rapidly centralizing and monopolizing all the
pci\wts ot Government, legislative, executive,
and judicial, in itself, but it has generally done
it In ct ippiing the other departments, by hostile
or disabling legislation. Here we takea bolder
stand and declare llie construction given to
laws by the tribunals authorized to decide a
void decision. We have just the same right—
pei hups this is to be the precedent—to declare
any distasteful decision of the Supreme Court
o! the United States void, and 1 have no doubt
a inajoiily of the Radicals here would do so
if their leaders lolcj them that the success of
the party required it.
If negroes are eligible to office in Georgia
it is because the Constitution and laws of the
United States and of the State of Georgia make
them so. if they have been wrongfully de-
prived of any of their rights pass laws granting
the right of appeal from the courts of Georgia
to the courts of the United States and to the
SupremeCourt; and if theyareeligibletooffice,
and that august tribunal so decides, any act of
any tiibunal in Georgia depriving tliem of that
right would be declared void, and the decision
ot the Supreme Court and all rights under it
would and ought to be maintained by all the
power and authority of the United States. But
for Congress, in advance of such decision, to
assume judicial power and declare the act of
a body empowered to decide the question void.
is palpable usurpation. If the Legislature of
Georgia had attempted to set aside any act of
Co ngress or any undoubted constitutional pro-
vision about which there is or could be no dif-
ferences of opinion, there might be some ex-
cuse i'or this provision of the bill. But the
question is certainly a mooted one. and judges
not only we!] may, bat do actually, differ as to
the right of negroes to hold office in Georgia;
at least one of the judges of the supreme court
of Georgia—one of Governor Bullock's ap-
pointees, and evidently a man of ability—has
recently, in an elaborate and carefully consid-
ered opinion, decided against their right under
the constitution and laws as they now stand.
Probably it is to declare the judgment of that
court as well as the act of the Legislature void
that the third section of this bill was framed
without giving the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States a chance to affirm or even to revise
it. The case I allude to is thus stated, and the
opinion published in the Savannah Republican:
Superior Court—Hon. William. Schley. Judge, Presiding.
**Friday, March 26—Thecourt wasopened at half-
past ten o'clock a. m.
"The State ex rel. William, J. Clements vt. Richard
W. White, acting clerk of the superior court of Chat-
ham county. Quo wui ranto. On demurrer.
"The decision ot the court ou the question raised by
the duinurier ill ibis case wasaunounced aslollowa:
"State of Georgia, e.c relatione. W.J. Clements
vs. Kichard W. White, clerk ot the superior court
ot Chatham county. Quo warranto. In Cnatham
superior court.
"The writofffMo warranto alleges that the respond-
ent, Richard W. White, is a person of color, having
one eighthof negro or African bloodin his veins,and
that he is for that reason disqualified to hold the office
of clerk of the superior court, the functions of which
he is now exercising.
" The respondent demurs to the sufficiency of this
ground in law, and I sua c illed upon to decide the
question of respondent's eligibility to office in G-eor- i
sriii. In other words, the question is, can a negro i
hold office in Georgia? " !
The judge, after showing, as I think con-
clusively, that the fourteenth amendmenttotbe
Constitution of the United States does not con-
fer the right of suffrage on any Citizen in any
State, giving his reasons and authorities for
this opinion, which 1 am happy to say agree
with the views I had the honor to present on
this floor in the closing days of the Fortieth
Congress when opposing the bill of Governor
Boutwell on that subject, and after showing
that the constitution of Georgia while it con j
fers the right of suffrage on negroes does not 1
invest them with the right to hold office, closes I
his opinion as follows : !
This disposes of the provisions of theeonsritution
bearing upon this question, and we are bruught, ;
final , to the statute laws of Georgia. Do they con-
tor ou the colored citizen the risht to hold officio? .
Tne code, which was adopted by the constitution as
i iw, divides the natural person? in Georgia into lour
classes: citizens, residents not <-iti7,ens nliens, and ;
personsot color. It mivs that among the richtsoi cit-
izens are the elective tianchi>e and the right to hold
office. And as the constitution has made persons of
color citizens, u is msi-te'l, as a nece^aiy conse-
quence, that rhey have all the ri?hts which were given
to citizens as they were define 1 when the code was
passed, and afterwards adopted by the convention. 1
But we have been that persons of color, before the .
adoption of the code, h id no political rights. We ;
have seen, also, that polu icil rights are not conferred
by implication of l.iw; and that the removal of one
disability doo> nor im lude the removal of any other, ;
unless the. one removed be the gu'ater. Citizenship 1
was first eonterred. That did not remove neeessa- i
uiy fhe disability as to the elective tranehise: for ;
i( u dnl so for the person <>t coh«r—who. bv the class-
ification given above, ranks lower m the State than ,
white fern lie*, who were citizens—ir must,a fortiori, j
tuve removed that disability from aU IVm lies.
If declaring a negro to be a citizen made him a.
citizen in the sense intended in the code, all females
and all minors are likewise clothed wito tbe elective
franchise and the-right to hold office; it theyarenofc,
then the constitution, by making persons of color
citizces, elevates them above white females and
minors. Bu? will it be pretended that females cau
vote or hold office in Gooigia ? Can the conclusion
be avoided, however, if the monstrous construction
be put upon the code whereby the lowest cl it* of
natural persons, and who rented under every dis-,,
ability before the constitution was adopted, are re-
lieved of all disabilities by the grant ot mere citizen-
ship. the want ot which was the least ot his disabil-
ities? If the convention intended to give this con-
struction, why did they, by positive enactment, go
one step further, and confer therightto voteon per-
sons of color? If citizenship gives the right, why
confer it in express terms? If the convention con-
sidered that this right to bold office was conferred
by the code, as incident to citizenship, why was not
the right to vote also considered ? And if so, why
expressly confer the less right and remain silent as
to tue greater right? If the constitution had given
in express terms the right to hold office, the silence
as to the elective franchise would have been proper,
not to say logical, because the right to hold office
necessarily carries with it the riarht to vote. I can
put no other construction on this action of fhe con-
vention than that they meant to give onlv such
rights as are given in express terms. And this con-
clusion is made certain by the record ot their pro-
ceedings, wnich shows that they by solemn vote re-
jected the amendments which were offered to give
the right to hold office to persons of color. If, then,
we are to be controlled by the express grant of polit-
ical rights to our constitution to persons^f color, the
right to hold office iu Georgia does not belong to any
person of color.
tThe demurrer is therefore overruled,
W. SCHLEY.
With this decision in their favor, and in the
absence of any judicial decision to the con-
trary. it is at least fair to assume that the Legis-
lature of Georgia believed they were decid-
ing in accordance with the constitution and
laws of the State of Georgia when they de-
cided that negroes were not eligible as mem-
bers of the Georgia Legislature, and Congress
is in this bill assuming powers not only not
granted to it by the Constitution, butexpressly
withheld, and vested exclusively in another
department of the Government, so that instead
of declaring their act void, we ought if neces-
sary to facilitate the decision of the principle
at least, by the Supreme Court.
I will close my remarks by noticing the
fourth section of the bill, which is intended
not only to apply to Georgia, but to all the
States. I think it is improperly inserted in a
bill of this character. It is a subject that
should be examined and reported on after care-
ful consideration by the Judiciary Committee of
the House. It is a subject that does not per-
tain to the duties of the Reconstruction Com-
mittee, and in this instance was crowded
through without discussion or examination, and
without a niajoiity of the committee having
either examined orunderstood its intent, scope,
or meaning. It pretends to be iuaerted to en-
force the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, but it goes far
beyond that : it creates offenses, and inflicts
cruel, inhuman, and infamous punishments by
a law so obviously ex post facto that every man
in the House must know that he is violating
the Constitution of the United States when he
votes for it. The third section of the four-
teenth amendment, which alone bears on these
questions, reads as follows:
"Xo person shall be a Senatoror Representative in
Congress, or elector of President or Vice President,
or hold any office, civil ormilitary.underthe United
States or under any Sfate, who having previously
taken an oath as a member of Congress or as an
officer of the United States or as a m-mber of any
State Legu-dature or as an executive or judicial offi-
<-('i of any State to support the Constitution of the
United States shall have engaged m insurrection or
reb llion against the s.inv4 or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof. BuiCongie-s may by a vote
of two thirds of each House remove such disability.
Under this provision, if it is applicable at
all to past offenses—winch I deny, but propose
to admit for the purpose of this argument—no
man is ineligible to any office unless he had,
as a member of Congress or as an officer of
the United States or as a member of a State
Legislature or as an executive or judicial officer
of a fStaie. previously taken an oath to sup-
poi t the Constitution of the United Stutesaml
aftemard engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the satue, or £ave aid or coustort totbe
