1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
ognized by every department of this Govern- ;j came a law June 25,1868;" that the Governor-
men t as bttmg m legal, actual existence. This ^ elect had been inaugurated, and as a very nat-
great fact fonns a bold, high promontory trom
which to observe the subsequent course of
Cougiess over stormy and untried sea?. While
the liaitie raged these States stood erect. So
said the Executive, so  aid the courts, and so
said Congress in a hundred times repeated
solemn record.^ When the battle ceased, then
they fell. Their destruction was not the work
of war. They were slaughtered in the hours
of peace. The act of reconstruction, as it is
called, abolishing the State governments of
ten States, was passed March 3, 1867, almost
two years after the last battle was fought. By
this law the Army of the United States took
possession of Georgia and her sisters in dis-
tress, drove out civil authority at the point of
ural conclusion, that •' the State of Georgia is
i therefore under the acts of Congress entitled
:! to representation."
■ But there is evidence still more binding upon
| this body than any I have yet produced; it
! consists of its own recorded action. The State
l( of Georgia, toiling back onee more into polit-
- ical life through all the conditions imposed
upon her, at last reached the point where she
|i was permitted to elect members of Congress.
ii They came here, and only eight short months
;1 ago the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
j! Dawes,] then chairman of the Committee of
j Elections, made a report that Georgia had rati-
roving and a restless spirit. It is confined by
I no sectional boundaries, but seeks its prey in
i every^ latitude and in every land. It has been
j permitted to ravage one portion of the States,
I and now I see it turning its gleaming, hungry,
; and insatiate fangs toward all the others. If
! the people rest supinely in a false security it
will banquet on all their liberties everywhere
until the sun will rise and set no more upon a
free Government in America.
But let us look a little more closely at the
details of this second attempt upon the life of
the State of Georgia. What are the pretexts
assumed for the second destruction of this un-
happy State? They are set forth in the pream-
ble. It ir. there stated that the Legislature
fied the fourteenth amendment to the Consti- j1 elected under the new constitution refused to
tution of the ^L rnted States, " and in all other ■' purge itself of members who were disqualified
the bayonet, and trampled into the dust those respects" had conformed to the requirements by the fourtee'ntlTamendmeiVt^
Meat principles of legal hberty which ages of j; of law in regard to her admission as a State into j! tion of the United States. The report of Gen-
toil and blood and sacrifice have alone suf-
ficed to establish in the councils of men.
Georgia as a State was dead. She was one
of the old thirteen, and was born with Ameri-
can independence and had survived the re-
bellion, but by the act of reconstruction she
ceased to exist as a member of the American
Tj ii ion. But by this act provision was made
by which she might live again. The condi-
the Union, and that her members were entitled
to their seats. This report, with its import-
ant and conclusive statements, was adopted
by this House, and the Representatives of
Georgia took their seats in the Fortieth Con-
gress. This closes the record of reconstruc-
tion, and is the last process known to the law
upon that subject. What more can there be ?
| Is there no end to the movements and powers
tions were prescribed and presented to her |i of the Federal authority over the State? If
with the^sword ov«jr her head suspended by a
hair. The terms were carefully considered
and most rigidly fixed. She had no voice.
You held a prisoner in chains and gagged,
and then for yourselves and in your own way
coolly and deliberately wrote down and en-
acted the conditions on which you would re-
store her to liberty. Her conduct was pointed
out and directed by the iron hand of a mas-
ter. It was not hers to question, but to obey.
Has Georgia complied with your terms? Is
she anywhere in default before the law ? The
very able, comprehensive, and exhaustive dis-
cussion of the facts made by the distinguished
gentleman Irom Kentucky [Mr. Beck] on this
subject places the answer to this question be-
yond the region of doubt. By the fifth section
of the act of reconstruction provision was made
for the election of a constitutional conven-
tion, for the formation of a constitution by
that convention, for the submission of the con-
stitution to the people, for its examination and
approval by Congress, and for the ratification
oi the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States by a Legislature elect-
ed under the new State constitution. When
these circumstances have taken place, the sec-
tion from which I quote provides that "said
State shall be declared entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall beadmirted therefrom on their
taking the oath prescribed by law." There-
upon the civil authority rises into active being
in such State, and the military arm is with-
drawn.
In March, 1868, the constitutional eonven
tion of Georgia, acting in pursuance of the act
of reconstruction, adopted a constitution, sub-
mitted it to the people, by whom it was ratified
in April by a majority of the registered voters,
all parties taking part in the election. I cite
the report of General Meade as my authority
for this statement. When this constitution was
presented here it was examined and approved
by Congress with certain modifications set
forth in an act entitled "An act to admit the
States of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to
representation in Congress," passed June 25,
1868. General Meade, speaking on this point
in his report says : i; And the Legislature which
convened in July, making these modifications
and otherwise complying with the require-
ments of the reconstruction laws, the State,
together with Alabama and Florida, were by
act of Congress formally admitted to repre- >
,-entation." In his telegram to General Grant
of July 2:2. 18t'>8, he also state
that "bosh houses ofthe Gem:
Georgia had by solemn act. complied with tliQ
i equisiuons of the act of Congress, which be-
Georgia is not now a State upon terms of
equality with the other States of the Union,
when will she be? I hold that she is to-day a !
State as independent of Federal interference I
as Massachusetts or Indiana. Her work is i
done in strict obedience to the command of I
Congress. The task you gave her to do is
finished. Who can rise up and deny my state-
ment on this point? Not Congress; for, by
adopting the report of the gentleman from j
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] this body has |
admitted in the gravest form possible that
Georgia had conformed in all respects to the ■
requirements of law on the subject of her ad- !
mission into the Union. Xor can the present j
Executive; for, as the General of the Army, j
he sanctioned the views and official action of j
General Meade. Here, then, stands a State, j
a perfect State, in full and perfect relation to
•the Federal Government. i
And it is now deliberately proposed by this j
bill to invade this State and again strike down !
and destroy its civil powers. We are asked to
pull down the building which was framed and
reared under the dictation of Congress. This
bill, among other lawless provisions, author-
izes and directs the Governor of Georgia to
convene by proclamation the members of a
Legislature whose functions have expired and
whose duties have been performed. Where
does this body get the power to convene the
Legislature of a State, or force a Governor to
do it ? We have a written Constitution which
gives us all the authority we possess over a
State. What clause of that sacred instrument
warrants this measure? As well might I ask
what chapter in the teachings of the Saviour
gives license to murder. The bare question is
its own answer. We are considering a meas-
ure which is simply a dangerous and audacious
outlaw. It is a flagrant and undisguised attempt
to usurp by a law of Congress the legislative
and executive powers of a State. If this can
be done in one instance it can be done in every
State in the Union. Every limitation upon the
action of the Federal Government is broken
down by such a precedent. Every right re-
served to the States is surrendered by the
triumph of the principles ofthe bill before us.
You can next lay your hands on any other
State whose acts displease you or where a party
ascendency has been secured contrary to your
wishes. Indiana may be your next victim.
Indeed, measures have already beenintroduced
in both Houses of Congress aimed atthe recent
conduct of the Legislature of that great and
noble Commonwealth on the subject ofthe last
report c -  
eral Meade, pages 8 and 9, shows this statement
to be untrue. It will be seen there that as com-
mander of the department of the South he re-
quired steps to be taken to test the eligibility of
members under the fourteenth amendment as
soon as the Legislature convened. Each house
ordered a committee of investigation to inquire
into the qualification of its members, which
was done, their reports made and adopted, all
to the satisfaction of the distinguished officer
in command. If this duty properly belonged
to the Legislature of Georgia and the other
States under process of reconstruction, how
can its action upon the subject be called in
question here or anywhere else? I have high
authority on this point. I hold in my hand a
telegram to Governor Warmoth, of Louisiana,
dated June SO, 1868, which reads as follows:
I We think that persons disqualified under the four-
l teenth article ofthe amendment to the Constitution
: of the United States are not eligible to your Legisia-
i ture. This is to be determined by tbe respective
j houses, but no oath eau be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
; JAMBS P. WILSON,
j Chfiinnnn Judiciary Committee.
UEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
J. F. KARNSWOaXM,
H. E. PAINE, .
Reconstruction Committee.
It is here asserted by these distinguished gen-
tlemen that under the reconstruction laws the
eligibility of members of the Legislature is to
be determined by the respective Houses. This
was done, as I have shown, by the Legislature
of Georgia, and Congress has no more power
over the question than it has over the tides of
the ocean. But it is further asserted in the
preamble to this bill that certain negroes were
found by this Legislature to be ineligible, and
were refused seats in that body. Sina illce
lachrimce! But in judging of the qualifica-
tions of their members, as it is conceded both
houses had tbe right to do. I am not aware
that because a man who claimed a seat was
black lie therefore rose above this rule and
became exempt from the same judgment which
white men had to undergo. Or is it claimed
by the friends of this measure that while the
Legislature of a State may determine the eligi-
bility of the Caucasian to office it is the pro-
vince of Congress to judge for the AfricanI
presume, sir, that one rule will be found suffi-
cient for both races, and if wrongs or errors
are committed toward either the judiciary is
competent to correct them. Georgia has taicen
the necessary and proper steps to determine
in the courts this question of African eligi-
bility under the constitution of the State which
you examined and approved. There the mat-
ter must rest unless we are willing to engage
in a revolution by the means of legislation.
One more reason, however, is giveu in this
preamble for the proposed enactment. It ia
broadly asserted " that the local authorities in
said State are wholly unable or unwilling to
protect the lives, liberties, and property of
lawful and unoffending citizens of said State
from lawless violence, and refrain purposely or
s very explicitly :j proposed amendment to the Constitution. You - from want of power from bringing such oflend-
?ral Assembly of.!! may as well coerce the legislative depaituient ers to justice." Here is a sweepingstatement
 <..J 1..A:  -<? /•> - ------ aiul perhaps it will ; jjiat no protection, none whatever, is gjvea by
lawless power is a > the local authorities of the State ot Geoigia to
of Indiana as of Gjporgja
