602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April %,
life, liberty, or property; that they are wholly—
not partially, but wholly—unable or unwilling
to do so, or to bring criminals to punishment.
Is there a man in this House who believes this
to be true? Does not every intelligent being in
the United States know it to be false? Human
society is nowhere exempt from crime, but are
the annals of Georgia bloodier or darker than
those of many of her northern sisters ? It is
true that the effects of civil war in the midst
of a conquered people are disastrous for a time
to social order. It is true that a victorious
army marched through this State leaving dis-
order, confusion, dismay, and ruin in its wake;
and out of this condition arise necessarily and
by the laws of human nature some evil spirits,
who for awhile remain a disturbing element
and then pass away. It is true, too, that two
races representing the opposite extremes of the
human family—one the highest in the scale of
creation and of development and progress, the
other the lowest by nature and with no develop-
ment or progress—have been suddenly and
violently brought into an absolute political
equality.
Under all these circumstances the philo-
sophic statesman would not expect society to
wear at once a wholly smooth and placid sur-
face. He would expect the healing processes
of time to be necessary for a perfect cure of all
these ills, and he would seek by kindness and
confidence to beget the same emotions toward
the Government in the breasts of that people.
But I appeal to the history of the times in
vindication of Georgia against this wholesale
and frightful accusation. Comparisons are an
ungracious work, but if the commission of crime
is to warrant Congress in laying its destructive
hand upon the government of a State, then
let us be impartial in our work. In my study
of crime, connected with the duties of my pro-
fession, I have found the darkest and the most
satanic committed in staid, intelligent, and
civilized .New England. I say this in no accus-
ing spirit; far irom it. Daniel Webster said
the same thing of his own State of Massachu-
setts. 1 am not called on to account for this
fact, or perhaps I might be able to do so. I
only cite it to show the wretched pretense
which supports the measure now under discus-
sion. The land of the peaceful Pemi, the City of
Brotherly Love—will some gentleman be kind
enough to tell us how many murders of men,
women, and children, of every age and condi-
tion, have taken place there within the past
three months? Is it one a day ? Perhaps not
quite that average, but certainly enough, if oc-
curring in the South, to call for the enactment
of at least ten such bills as this. Why not level
one at Pennsylvania? She is no more aState
than Georgia, and 110 more independent of
Congress. As I am speaking of other States,
for illustration I will also speak of Indiana,
a portion of whose people I represent. Have
her borders been unstained by crime and vio-
lence? Let my colleagues who support this
measure ill relation to Georgia answer. Are
the local authorities of the northern States
always able or willing to bring criminals to
justice? Do none go unpunished ? Sir, I here
assert that in my solemn opinion, based upon a
personal knowledge of the affairs of the South,
quite equal to that of any other gentleman upon
this floor, these allegations in this preamble lie
with no more justice against Georgia than they
would against two thirds of the other States of
this Union. They are the stale, worn-out refuse
o t an exciting presidential canvass, when a large
measure of the capital of a great party consisted
in making the people of the South appear as
criminals in their daily lives and practices. For
this purpose men went into that section to cre-
ate riot and disturbance, and sometimes suc-
ceeded. They carried with them ready writers
as correspondents of newspapers, who recorded
alike what, they saw and what they did not see,
what they heard and what they did not hear.
A harrowing story of an outrage, whether it
occurred or not, would help to carry the elec-
tion, and where facts were wanting fancy sup-
plied their place. And the essence of their
cruel and atrocious calumnies is here embodied
in the preamble to this bill and assigned as the
last and final reason for its passage. The pre-
amble contains the indictment against Georgia
and the bill enacts her punishment.
In the brief space of this debate I am aware
that I can but very imperfectly discuss the
various sections of this most pernicious meas-
ure. I am confiningmyself purposely to almost
a bare statement of facts and principles. By
the second section it is required that the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Georgia shall take
the oath prescribed by Congress for officers of
the United States. Only in June last it was
held that under the reconstruction laws " no
oath can be imposed except the oath pre-
scribed by the State constitution," as I have
already shown by the telegram from the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee and the mem-
bers of the Committee on Reconstruction to
Governor Warmoth, of Louisiana. Will some
gentleman show me where the power of Con-
gress exists to enact a new oath to be taken by
the members of a State Legislature who have
been once qualified according to law? The
constitution of every State in this Union pre-
scribes the oath to be taken by the members
of its Legislature. Even the mention of a dif-
ferent rule has been unheard of in our history
until this day. Georgia is singled out for the
experiment; but if it is accomplished upon
her the signs of the times indicate that she
will not be long alone in her degradation.
But the deep malevolence and unequaled
atrocity of the bill before us is more thor-
oughly concentrated, as I understand it, in the
fourth section than in any and all others, and
to that I now turn. I characterize this section
in strong terms, and I appeal to every candid
mind for my justification. I proclaim it with-
out a parallel in the annals of the civilized
world. There is not a statute, edict, or decree
like it in the archives of any Government
upon earth to-day ; nor will all the dark realms
of ancient heathenism, before Christ came to
illumine the hearts of men with a softer and
warmer light, furnish its peer in wickedness.
I call upon this House and I call upon a
Christian people to bear witness to the truth
of my assertions, as they listen to the fact that
this section provides that any one—■
Who shall have exercised the duties of any office
or public station where by law he was required to
take an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and thereafter engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the United States, or gave
aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered voluntary
or involuntary support or aid to any insurrection or
rebellion against the United States, or held any
office under or gave any support to any government
of any kind organized in hostility to the United
States or levying war against the United States, un-
less he shall have been relieved by act of Congress,
as provided by section three of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, from
the disability thus incurred, shall be punished on
conviction before the district court of the United
States by imprisonment for not less than one year
nor more than Ave years, and in addition be forever
duqUEihiiedirom holding any office of honor or profit
under the laws of the United States.
Sir, this section, as I have just read it,
provides that if a man in Georgia before the
the war held an office, however lowly, which
required him to be sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and when the
war came he gave it any support however
small, whether willingly or forced to do so with
a bayonet at his throat and a pistol at his head,
he is a criminal before the laws of a nation
which boasts of its civilized jurisprudence.
He may have been a justice of the peace of
his township; he may have been opposed to
secession and faithful to the Union, but if as
such humble magistrate he has once prior to
the war taken an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, and afterward
been compelled by a company of soldiers to
pay taxes to the confederate government dur-
ing tbe rebellion, he is liable under this act to
prosecution and imprisonment as a felon, and
be disfranchised forever as a man dishonored.
This is too monstrous for calm contemplation."
St calls far deep and universal condemnation".
II is a, crime against nature and a revolt against
the eternal principles of truth and justice. I
do not believe that such a measure can receive
the sanction of this or any other legislative
body in Christian lands anywhere beneath the
sun. The fierce passions of mutual hate are
dying out, and party rancor is losing its hold
upon the public mind. The dawn of a better
day, I trust, is at hand, when peace and order
will reign in our midst, and when such fright-
ful measures of legislation as this will be
unknown forever ill our national councils.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire, Mr.
Speaker, to detain the House at great length
with the discussion of this measure. I deeply
regret that this bill has been reported by the
Committee on Reconstruction for the consid-
eration of the Congress of the United States.
I ventured to say, when the honorable chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts] insisted upon the passage of the bill
under the previous question, that it was liable
to fatal objections. I desire in the outset, Mr.
Speaker, to call the attention of the House to
the fact that no human being hearing the
chairman's statement of the bill previous to
his demand of the previous question would for
a moment have entertained a thought that it
was a bill affecting every State of this Union.
Why this concealment or omission? Was the
gentleman afraid or ashamed of the work of
his own hand? I presume not that, but that
he supposed the House had read and under-
stood it. I undertake to a'ssert that this is a
bill to add qualifications or disqualifications
for holding office in every State of this Union,
in violation alike of the Constitution of this
country and of the constitution of every State.
It has no parallel, Mr. Speaker, in your past
legislation. I deeply regret that the honorable
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Vookuees]
deemed it his duty in the discussion of this
measure to divert the House from the question
before it by referring to the past legislation of
Congress ; for that legislation bears no rela-
tion whatever to this now proposed, and fur-
nishes no justification or colorable excuse for it.
I was surprised at the remark of the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts that this
bill was an attempt to enforce the fourteenth
article of the amendments of the Constitution.
The gentleman will look in vain iu the four-
teenth article for any provision disqualifying
for office by wholesale the great body of the
people in many States, as does the fourth sec-
tion ol this bill. He will look in vain in that
article, the third section of which touches the
qualifications for office, for that word, in the
fourth section of the bill, "involuntary." It
is not there. He will look in vain in what is
known as the test-oath act passed by Congress
in 1862, and restricted by its very terms to
officials under the United States Government,
for any such phrase as " involuntary participa-
tion in rebellion." In short, sir, he will look
in vain through all the legislation of this coun-
try, and I might add all the legislation of even-
civilized country, for any such provision of law".
It is in vain, sir, that the gentleman under-
takes to find any sanction for this legislation in
the Constitution of the country. It is too late for
any man, whatever may be liis powers—and 1
acknowledge the ability of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts—to say that the organ-
ized States of the Union have not rights reserved
to them by the veiy words of the Constitution-
rights as sacred as the rights of any of the in-
dividuals composing the body of the Common-
wealth. The man who would lay violent
hands upon any poiiimi of the Constitution of
this country ought to ' >■ held a public enemy.
Surely no member of this House inteuds that.
The position I assume touching this measure
is that it is fojbidden by the Constitution of
the United States, and I am not to be diverted
from it by any suggestions about endangering
the proposed fifteenth article of amendment.
Why, sir, what is the fifteenth article worth,
if the sworn Representatives of a fr«o people
break through the entrenchments of the Con-
stitution as sanctioned by the voice of the
nation, under which we have come to be all
