1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
out and go back to a military government, nor
do we accept Georria as a State completely
maintaining her normal relations to the other
States and to the Government. It'we are not
to go back and restore a military government,.
I see no eolation of the difficulty except in
leaving Georgia, for the present at least, to see
whether shy can herself furnish a solution of
the question.
I find by consultation, I may say anxious
consultation, with Governor Bullock and those
v,ho agree with him upon the one side, and a
large number of leading Republican citizens
of Georgia taking a different view of this sub-
ject, that the loyal people of that State differ
among themselves on this question ; and I am
assured by those whose views differ from those
of Governor Bullock and his friends that all
that, is necessary is to permit the supreme court
of the State to go on and decide as a legal ques-
tion whether a colored man, under the laws of
thp United States as well as of the State of
Georgia can hold office in the State ; that upon
that bench, constituted as it is, there are judges
who will, almost, without question, decide for
maintaining the right of every black elector to
hold office as white electors do.
Mr. HOAR. I would like to ask the gentle-
man how the supreme court of any State can
decide the question as to the eligibility of per-
sons to either branch of the Legislature?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman had
waited a moment he would have heard my
answer, as is generally the case when one is
interrupted in his argument. I do not pretend
that the court can decide the question in re-
gard to the eligibility of members of the Legis-
lature, each branch of which is the judge of the
returns and qualificationsof its own members.
The question is not proposed to be made with
regard to a member of the Legislature ; but it
is proposed to be made with regard to another
officer in that State, upon the assurance that
the Legislature is expected to acquiesce in
what ruay be decided in regard to the general
power ot the black man to hold office.
Mr. HOAR. Is a Legislature any more
bound by the decision of a court on such a
question than the court is bound by the de-
cision ofthe Legislature?
Mr. SCHENOK. No, sir; I have notsaid
or intimated anything ofthe kind. I have said
in as broad terms as the gentleman himself
can use that I lecognize the power of each
branch of the Legislature to judge of there-
turns and qualifications of its own members,
including iheir right to seats. But I say that
i have as>urances to winch f am disposed to
give a ^ood deal ofcredetice. that if the supreme
com t of I lie State shall decide, as upon the case
ot oiikers w till respect to whom the question
may be made in the courts that the black man,
biiug an elector, has the right to hold office,
the two branches of the Legislature will acqui-
esce in that decision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of this bill be postponed
until the first Monday of December next; and
on that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
had four or five speeches on the other side and
oniy twenty minutes of explanation on this.
Wiil the gentleman call for the previous ques-
tion and not let the loyal men have a word of
reply?
„ Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is not due to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that we were
allowed any opportunity for debate on this
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the demand for the previous question will be
voted down.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
oD, noes 72.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
CLKKKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Accounts, reported the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the following committees be au-
thorized to employ clerks during the present Con-
gress at a salary ot $4 80 perday: Banking and Cur-
rency. Pacific Railroad, Commerce, Naval Affairs,
Post Office and Post Roads, Roads and Canals, In-
dian Affairs.Foreign Affairs,Ninth Cen&us,Plinting,
Territories, District ot Columbia. Invalid Ppnsions,
and Revision of Laws; that the Committee on Recon-
struction be authorized to cmoloyaelerk at the same
rate of compensation from March 4 to December
5. 1839; thnt the messenger of the Committee on
Appropriations shall be continued and paid as for-
merly for the present Congress or until otherwise
ordered; and that the cleik of the Committee on
Accounts shall continue to be paid at the same rate
per day as during the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. This is another piece of
extravagance; andl demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAICE. It provides for no more clerks
than there were at the last session of Congress.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 90, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,Bird, Brook?, AmasaCobb,
Conger, Dickinson, Ela, Kld'idge, Getz, Hamill,
Hawkins, Uay, Hoiraan, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Lash, Marshall. Muyham.McCormick,
McGrew. McXeely, Moffet, Morgan, Kiblack, Ran-
dall, Rice, Rogers. Slocum, William J. Smith,
Sweeney, Trimble, Ward, Cadwalader C. V/ash burn,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, "Winchester, and Wood-
ward—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Axteii, Banks, Beatty, Beets,
Bmgham. Bowen, Buffinton, Burdett, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Colkin,
Cessna, Churchill. Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Crebs,
Cullom, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Finkeinburg, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan,
Goliaday, Griswold, Haldeman, Hale,Hawley, Hill,
Hoar, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Keteham, Knanp, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan,
Mercur, Dauiel J. Morrell, >.'egley, O'Neili, Packard,
Packer. Palmer, Pheips, Pomoroy, Potter, Reeve15,
Root>, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shank?, Sheldon, Worthms'on C. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Taffe, Tanner, TiUman,
Townsend, TwicheM. Upson. Van Auken, William
B. Washburn, Welker. Whittemore, Wilkinson,
Williams John T. WUson, and Wueher—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Bailey,
Beaman. Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs, Blair, Boles,
Boyd, Claike, Cleveland, Cook. Oowles, JDavis,
Dawes, Deweese, Dockery, Dyer. Ferry, Fisher, Fox,
Greene, Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton, Heaton,
Hoag, Hooper, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Loughridge. Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
MoCrary, Eiiakim II. Moore. Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Samuel P. Morrill. Morris?ey, Mungen,
Orth, Paine. Peters, Poland, Prosser, Reading,
feehuinaker. John A. Smith, JosephS. Smith, Sules,
Stokes, Stone, Stouchton, Scrader. Strickland,
S'.vann, Tyncr, Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wheeler, Wiliard, Winans, and Wood—67.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved ihatthe motion to reconsider be laid on '
the table. j|
The latter motion was agreed to. jj
recoxs t ruction. |)
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire, Sj
before I proceed further with the pending bill,
to have the message of the President of the j
United States now on the Speaker's table read
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. }!
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of :
order. I desire to know the extent of the rul- f
ing of the Chair on the questional" order 1 j
raised m regard to the gentleman Irom Massa- ,
ehusctts being allowed to speak again upon ■-
this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overruled the
point of order on the ground tha; the question
pending, which the gentleman trom^Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] submitted at the closeol his remarks,
was to postpone the bill to a day certain, and
on that the gentleman from Massachusetts
obtained the floor, the Mouse having refused
to second the previous quotum, Th-e pending
motion admits of limited debate, not involving ■
the merits of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed it would not
admit of general debate. That is all I desire.
The SPEAKER. The Chair Jays before the
House a communication from the Presidentof
the United States, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
While I am aware that the time in which Congress
proposes now to remain in session is very brief, and
that it is its desire, as far as is consistent with the
public interest, to avoid entering upon the general
business of legislation, there is one subject which
concerns so deeply the welfare of the country that I
deem it my duty to bring it before you.
I have 110 doubt that you will coucur with me in
the opinion that it is desirable to restore the States
which were engaged in the rebellion to their proper
relations to the Government and the country at as
early a period as the people of those States shall be
found willing to become peaceful and orderly com-
munities, and to adopt and maintain such constitu-
tions and laws as will effectually secure the civil and
political rights of all persons within their borders.
The authority of the United States, which has been
vindicated and established by its military power,
must undoubtedly be asserted for the absolute pro-
tection ofallits citizens in the full enjoymentof the
freedom and security which is the object of a repub-
lican government. But, whenever the people of a
rebellious State arc ready to enter in goodlaith upon
the accomplishment of thisobject,in entire conform-
ity with the constitutional authority of Congress, it
is certainly desirable that ali causes of irritation
should be removed as promptly as possible, that a
moro perfect union may be established, and the
country be restored to peace and prosperity.
The convention of the people ot Virginia which
met in Richmond on Tuesday, December 3, 1807,
iramed a constitution lor that State, which was
adopted by the convention on the 17th of April, 1868,
audi desire respectfully to call the attention oi Con-
gress to the propriety of providing by law for the
holding of an election in that State at some time
during the months of May and June next under the
direction of the military commander of that district,
at which the question ofthe adoption of that consti-
tution shall be submitted to the citizcnsof the State;
and if this should seem desirable I would recommend
that a separate vote be taken upon such parts as
may be thought expedient, and that at the same time
and under the same authority there shall be an elec-
tion for theofiicers provided under such constitution,
and that the constitution, or such parts thereof as
shall have been adopted by the people, be submitted
to Congress on the first Monday of December next
for its consideration, so that if the same is then ap-
proved the necessary steps will have been taken lor
the restoration of the Stare of Virginia to its proper
relations to the Union. I am led to make this rec-
ommendation from the confident hope and belief
that the people of that State are now ready to coop-
erate with the national Government in bringing it
again into such relations to the Union as it ought as
soon as possible to establish and maintain, and to
give to all its people those equal rights under the law
which were asserted in the Declaration ot Independ-
ence in the words of one of tue most illustrious of
its sons.
I desire also to ask the consideration of Congress
to the question whether there is not just ground tor
believing that the constitution framed by a conven-
tion of the people of Mi««i?Mppi lor that State and
once rejected might not be again submitted to the
people of that State m like manner, and with the
probability of the same result.
U. S. GRAXT.
Washington*, D. C., April*, 1S69.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to refer the message to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and that it be printed.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it be in order to
move its reference to the Committee 0:1 the
Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It would, as an amend-
ment, and that motion would take precedence,
because that is a standing committee, while the
other is a select committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to give a reason for
making the motion. I wish to state that in the
matter of Mississippi 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How did
the gentleman from New York get the floor?
I was on the floor and made a motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to debate the motion to refer?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1es,sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is then
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 demand
the pre\iou3 question.
The SPEAKER. That cannot cut oft the
motion to amend.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that. I only desire to say that it this
bl'.all °"0 to the Committee on ReconsLiuction
they can leport at any titne> and there ar©
lour members of that committee in the minor-
