1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
South Carolina; which weie referred to the '
Committee of Elections. I
.JO11N i; GEOHCJE. ;
The SPEA KER al=o laid before the House ,
the petition of John E. George, of Texas, for .
the removal of disabilities; which was referred j
to the Committee on Reconstruction. i
The question was upon the motion to ad- ;
jouin, upon which tellers had been ordered ;j
and appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported ' j
that there were—ayes 64, noes 47. ;i
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at five o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) j
the House adjourned. t
PKTITIOXS, KTC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate j|
cosrmintees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
masters and owners of vessels, prajiug for the
constiuctiou of a liglit-boat on Winter Quarter
shoals.
By Mr. HOAR '• The memorial of the Amer-
ican Institute of Instruction, concerning a
national department of education.
By Mr. JULIAN : The memorial of Joseph
L. Smith, relative to reformed schools in the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 50 citizens of the State
of New Yoik, praying the right of suffrage for
women.
Also, the like petition of 30 Citizens of the
same.
Also, the petition of 12 citizens of the same,
praj ing the same.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: The petition
of Eliza Bragdon and Mary 11. Loring. pray-
ing for an amendment of the pension laws.
IN SENATE.
Thursday. April 8, 1869. ;
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Nkw- ,
max, D. D." ^ t |
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan- j
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of ;
yesterday was dispensed with. ' j
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have two or j
three minutes to take up a couple of bills that ]
are on the table and which it is very important i
should be acted upon.
Mr. ITAMLIN. I object. Let us proceed
with the regular order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ,
from Maine insists on the regular order of
business. The iiivt business in order is the
presentation of petitions and memorials.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of :
James F. Patterson, of Staunton, Virginia, •
praying the removal of his political disabil- j
ities; which was referred to the select Com- j
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities, i
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi- ;
zens of Washington and Georgetown, in the i
Distiict of Columbia, praying such action as |
shall provide a uniform and impartial system ;
of public schools tor the enhre District of
Columbia under one board ot management :
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. ;
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of Michael Louveste, now of Norfolk, Virginia,
a colored man, who represents that he was
born abroad, and has been in this country
thirty-six years. Some twenty years of tin.-
time lie has been in the Na\y of the United
States, and lie was in the Navv dining all the
war of the rebellion, and he desire:- to he nat-
uiaiized. He finds that tlieie is an impeoi
lin-nt in his way trom the word '' while in
the naturalization laws, and he now mak*s an
appeal, which is sustained by the Republicans
who are among his neighbors, to have the law
cliaiiKed so that he can be naturalized. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which has that sub-
ject in charge.
The motion was agreed to.  
Mr. SUMNER. I also ask leave to offer a
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet in
order. The Senator from Maine insists on the
regular order being observed.
Mr. WILSON presented the petitions^of
Warren Nobles and James H. Bell, of Texas,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON. I also present the memorial
of Andrew J. Lewis, of Port Gibson, Missis-
sippi, prajing the removal of his political dis-
abilities. As his case has been acted on by
the Senate I move that his memorial lie on
the table.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the pas-
sage ot a law authorizing the holding of a term
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Kansas at Leaven-
worth City, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered jj
to be printed, ij
He also presented the petition of Robert ■
Hudgin, of Virginia, praying the removal of t!
his political disabilities; which was referred j
to the select Committee on the Removal of ,
Political Disabilities.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of John
E. Penn, of Patrick county, Virginia, praying [•
the removal of his political disabilities; which |
was referred to the select Committee on the .
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
a very large meeting held in the city oi Cin-
I cimiuti, composed of many of the leading cit
izens there of all parties. pra\ing for the inter-
position of the national Government m favor
i of the release of Colonel W illiam G. Hal pi n.
, now ill prison in Great Britain under charges
of a political character. They make a long
i statement with regard to the illegality of his
j arrest and unlawful detention. They assert
| that he was detained simply for offenses cotn-
' mifted in the United States, in violation of in- ;
| ternational law as well as in violation of the \
j laws of the United States and the laws of Great
| Britain. I move the reference of the petition ,
1 to the Committee on Foreign Relations. j
j The motion was agreed to. '
! Mr. BO REMAN presented the petition of
! Jeremiah Beatty, of Wood county, West Vir-
ginia, praying compensation for property lost
' in the Government sen ice in 1862 ; which was
! referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Rol-
lin White, praying an extension of his patent
: for improvements in pistols ; which was re-
i ferred to the Committee on Patents,
i REPORTS OE COMMITTEES.
: Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims.
! to whom was referred the petition of Margaret
! A. Laurie, reported a bill t,S. No. 270) for the
! relief of Mrs. Margaret A. Laurie ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
: Mr. IIOWE, from the Committee oil Claims,
to whom was leferred the petition of Mrs. Ellen
J. Brosman, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken and converted to Government use,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on the
Pacific Railioad. to whom was referred the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 48) granting the
right, of way for the construction of a rail-
road from a point at or near Portland, Oregon,
to a point west ot the Cascade mountains, m
Washington Territory, have directed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage, and 1 should iike to put it on
its passage at once. It is a very short bill. ^It
grants no lands or anything else, and can be
disposed of in tive minutes.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 object.
Mr WILSON I m-'.-! ■'  the i--a.ih'i "i d.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 403) to estab-
lish certain po.it roads, to report it back with
amendments; and as there is no legislation in
this bill, and there are some few amendments
reported, I hope it will be considered at once.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator's own State
is interested in if.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us go on with the regu-
lar oider.
He. RAMSEY. Very well. The Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 256) in relation to
bridges across the Ohio river, have directed
me to report it, with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill t'H. B.
No. 367) making an appropriation for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1869, and the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, have directed me to report
it back and recommend its passage ; and if the
Senate will consent to allow this hill to be read
I am sure they will give unanimous consent to
put it on its passage. It is very brief, and will
not take over half a minute.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is printed. I ask
that it be read. It is very brief.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no object in read-
ing it. It takes time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
The VICE PRES1DEN I\ Reports of com-
mittees aie in older.
Mr. CONKLIXG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 237) for the encouragement ofjachtmg.
' improvement in naval architecture, cultivation
i of naval science, and amendatory of the act
i authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
1 license yachts, reported it with an amendment.
, FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
j Mr. MORTON. I offer a joint resolution,
! and ask that it be read.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
I lution will have its first reading it there be no
objection.
Mr. WILSON. That requires unanimous
con-ent. I believe. Does it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand that the Senator from Indiana
asks for action at the present time.
Mr. WILSON. Does it not require unani-
mous consent to introduce it ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does, if no
notice has been given.
Mr. WILSON. I am under the necessity,
! then, not a very agreeable one, of objecting.
I, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects.
ij Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a con-
j; current resolution which does not require unan-
II imous cohsent. It mavbc read at the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
; ported, but requires unanimous consent tor its
i! consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
! follows:
Resolved ly the Smote, itbe Hou^e ot Ronrej'i'iit-
atives eoucunins:,> That tne ies<>!uuon rdjounin;'
the two Houses oi Congress on Saturday, theluui ••t
Apul, is hereby rescinded.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire action on that.
Mr. L>AYIS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky objects.
Mr. MO 11 TON. I ask to have my resolution
read tor information, if it is iti order.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution
offer v-d bv Mr. ScMS'ER.
Mr. MORTON. Thai is not the resolution
[ d,..-ired to have read.
