008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not yet ruled upon the objection made by the
Senator from Kentucky. The Chair overrules
the objection of the Senator from Kentucky.
He is of opinion that when it is in order to
introduce resolutions in regard to the adjourn-
ment of Congress they are to be governed by
the same principle which governs the adjourn-
ing of each House from day to day, and being
before the body it can act upon them without
their lying over.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I ask action on the
resolution which I have introduced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts offers the following resolution
in regard to the adjournment of the two Houses
of Congress:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the resolution adjourning
the two Houses of Cougress on Saturday, the XOth of
April, is hereby rescinded.
Mr. WILSON. I ask a question for inform-
ation. I ask if it is in order to introduce a
coneurrentresolution when bills and joint reso-
lutions are in order?
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. That has been the
usage, it being in the nature of a joint resolu-
tion, though not requiring to be read three times.
A concurrent resolution partakes of the nature j
of a joint resolution, except that it is read but j
once in each House. It is joint, but requires j
only one reading. 1
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the resolution be |
read for information that I sent up a while ago, !
and to which the Senator from Massachusetts I
[Mr. Wilson] objected. |
Mr. SUMNEIl. I hope the Senator will allow |
action on my resolution.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be reported for I
information. '
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts is before
the Senate; pending that, the joint resolution
of the Senator ironi Indiana will be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it resolved, t&e., That before the States of Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, Texas, and Georgia, shall be ad-
mitted to representation in Congress their several
Legislatures which maybe hereafter lawfully organ-
ized shall ratify the fitteenth article which has been
proposed by Congress to the several States as an
amendment to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I should be glad if the Sen-
ator would allow me to have that referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, as they will
be called upon to acton the subject imme-
diately.
Mr. "WILSON. I desire to do what is right
in the matter. I will not serve the Senator
from Indiana as he did me yesterday morning,
and I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to say one word
in response to that. I proposed to take up a
resolution yesterday morning to which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts objected. He then
immediately asked the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up something on his part, to
which I objected. I simply wanted to inform
my friend that if the rule was good on one side
it was good on the other.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say that I did not
object -y I simply said to the Senator that that
was a disputed point and I wished he would
not press it.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
to object distinctly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Indiana maybe considered
as read twice and referred, by unanimous con-
sent, to the Committee on the Judiciary. Is
there objection?
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts is before
the Senate, and the question is on agreeing
to it.
Mr. HAilLIN. I wish to say simply that I
have objected to the introduction of other mat-
ters solely for the purpose of keeping all obstruc-
tion out of the way that precisely that resolu-
tion could be offered to the Senate. It was not
from a disposition to disoblige Senators, but it
was to prevent other matters coming up here
that might consume the time of the Senate. I
had a resolution on my table to the same effect
as this. My object is now accomplished. I
slfhll vote for the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read. I have just come in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will again be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the resolution adjourning
the two Houses of Congress on Saturday, the 10th of
April, is hereby rescinded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before taking action oil
that I will ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to make a report from the Judiciary
Committee which possibly may have some
bearing on this Question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] that he has instructed the Secretary to
regard as a notice of the introduction of this
resolution the offer to introduce it to-day, so
that it will be in order to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to make a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary
which I thought possibly might have some
bearing on the question of rescinding the res-
olution for adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks consent to make a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary. Is there objec-
tion ? The chair hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Judiciary Commit-
tee, to whom was referred the message of the
President of the United States in relation to
the restoration of the States of Virginia and
Mississippi to their former relations in the
Union, have instructed me to report it back to
the Senate with the recommendation that its
further consideration be postponed until the
first Monday in December next. I make that
report under the instruction of the committee.
It was not my own opinion individually.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This recom-
mendation cannot be acted upon at the present
time except by unanimous consent, and the
Senate resumes the consideration of the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Spmner.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not had the benefit
of hearing any discussion upon this topic,
because I was necessarily absent; in fact, I do
not know that there has been any ; but I should
be glad to have some Senator state the neces-
sity, the commanding necessity such as ought
to exist if we are to rescind a resolution of this
sort. The appropriation bills are in a good
state of forwardness, I believe ; and there does
not seem to be anything remaining for us to
do except that which we do all the time and
may continue to do from now till October,
unless we go into the consideration of the sub-
jects referred to in the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States. Those are subjects
that have not escaped the attention of Con-
gress before. They have been under consider-
ation during the whole of this winter, and I had
supposed—and the action of the two Houses
has certainly justified me in supposing—that
it was thought wise and best to leave the three
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas where
the law left them, for the present, under mil-
itary government, that everybody can see
secures life and property rather better than
they are secured in some of the States that Iwe
been entirely restored in a legal sense, and suf-
fer the administration of General Grant, vigor-
ous and piompt and kindly, as we all know it
will be, to hold those States who have by their
own voluntary conduct left themselves where
they are, until we can have ample time for
deliberation next winter, and sec how they
behave during the summer and fall.
It is suggested to us by the President—there
is entire propriety, of course, in his making the
suggestion—whether we ought not to act as it
respects two of those States; but I am satisfied,
and have been a long time, that the subjects
upon which he suggests action are subjects
entirely within his discretion now. He can
permit the people of Virginia to-morrow, upou
notice, to hold an election upon their consti-
tution. fie can permit them to hold it, with
separate votes upon one part or another, just
as in his discretion, under the advice of the able
and patriotic statesmen who surround him, he
ma.y think it wise to do as a practical question.
Why, therefore, stay here to legislate more
upon a subject where the law now covers the
whole ground upon which we ought to act or
may act, and interfere with the beneficent oper-
ations of the law, as they are certainly benefi-
cent in these disturbed districts as they are
now?
Just so in Mississippi. The people of Missis-
sippi can be permitted to-morrow, by the com-
manding general of that district, to assemble
themselves in convention by their delegates and
frame another constitution, which can again
be submitted to the people. There is plenty
of law on the statute-book for that. What
shall we gain, then, by deciding in haste in a
legislative form precise questions of detail and
of administration which may be safely left to
the Administration as it is, and which we have
by law already provided for in such a manner
that the Administration may deal with them ?
We should be much more likely, in my judg-
ment, to make a mistake in undertaking to
direct by law, in the hurry we should now do
it, what shall be done than we should by leav-
ing the statutes of 18G7, that have come to be
perfectly understood, and that are now to be
enforced by a friendly, zealous, and vigorous
hand, to their operation. Therefore, Mr. Pres-
ident, lam opposed to our rescinding this res-
olution of adjournment.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Vermont is more familiar with the recon-
struction acts than myself; and I wish he would
be good enough to lay before the Senate the
clauses to which he refers conferring on the
President power to take the proceeding he
alludes to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the statutes
in my hand.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask merely for informa-
tion.
Mr.EDMUNDS. lean explain toiny friend,
I am sure, what I mean and the causes in sub-
stance on which I rely for that authority. The
authority under which these States are to re-
construct themselves, my friend will remember,
is not coercive; it is merely permissive; the
people are permitted by delegates to frame a
constitution; otherwise they are under mili-
tary control. When they wish that removed
and to frame a constitution the law points out
the method by which the military commander
may have a registration and appoint officers,
and all that sort of thing. The military au-
thority being in supreme control, it being a
purely military government, the authority of
the people being permissive, granted to them
through the" law and through the commander
of the department, at any time when the com-
manding general thinks fit the people may be
permitted to assemble themselves together and
elect delegates to hold a convention. That is
in perfect harmony, as I understand it, with
the statute as it stands.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, according to the
honorable Senator from Vermont, the calling
of one convention would not foreclose the right
to call another, provided the first convention
failed to perform its duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. HOWARD. So that several conven-
tions may be authorized if necessary to ho
called from time to time, with a view to estab-
lish a constitution and lay it before Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, in my view, is
clearly the law.
Mr. HOWARD. I liava been of that opinion
