1869.
THE CCL\TGK1SSIQNAL GLOBE.
609
myself all along; and if that be so—and I
have no doubt of it—I confess I am not able
to see the necessity of protracting the session
of Congress longer with a view to further legis-
lation 011 that subject. I may be mistaken.
Certainly I have the utmost respect for the
recommendations of the President, and would
be very glad jo comply with them if thereshould
appear to be a necessity to do so; but it ap-
pears to me there is not any such necessity,
and the fear is that if we remain here longer
than next Saturday we shall embark upon gen-
eral legislation—reconstruction among other
subjects—and no one can foresee that the pres-
ent session of Congress will close before per-
haps the 1st of August; and I do not think the
country expects us to remain here longer than
we have fixed by our concurrent vote. I think
we are gaining nothing by remaining longer and
attempting to legislate, and I think we shall
do more service to the country by adjourning
on the day which we have fixed than we could
do if we should undertake to protract the ses-
sion and accomplish all the objects which seem
to be contemplated in the President's message.
At all events- I think there ia ample power
already granted to the President and to the
military authorities in the reconstruction acts
to accomplish all the ends which the message
read to us yesterday contemplates. I am,
therefore, opposed to rescinding the resolution
of adjournment.
Mr. POMEROY. While I think U would
not be desirable, perhaps, to continue the
session any great length of time, still, in view
of tlie communication to us yesterday and
what we know of the public business, my
belief is that we ought to have at least a few
moredaysthan wecan have this week. Instead
of rescinding the resolution, I thought of
moving to amend it by saying " Saturday, the
17th." That would give us one more week.
The resolution, as it now stands, which we
have passed, adjourns the House on Saturday,
the 10th. I think we can iix Saturday, the
17th, and we shall have a week to accomplish
what is recommended. I do not know how
much importance there is in it, but the exec-
utive department of the Government thinks
there is some importance. We certainly can-
not do it between now and Saturday. I am
not charged with these subjects myself, but it
occurs to me that if we continue our session
one week longer than is now provided for
it will be sufficient. I should not like to have
the resolution rescinded indefinitely, for then
we do not know where we may turn up; but I
think a week will enable us to act on the very
subjects, if we confine ourselves to them, that
the Senator from Massachusetts and others so
much desire. But if we had adopted another
rule, which the Senator from Massachusetts
has always opposed for good reasons, I sup-
pose, so as to have some limit to debate, or
iix some time when a question could be taken,
we could have accomplished these and various
other things and adjourned long ago, and the
country, I think, would have been as well off.
But as long as there is a persistent opposition
to placing any limit on debate or fixing any
time when a question can be taken, we may
as well continue in session, or else neglect
those measures that are of so much import-
ance to the country and excite so much de-
bate. Reconstruction is a fruitful field for
debate, and if there is no limit to debate we
must extend the session, or else abandon the
field. 1 shall move to amend the resolution
so as to provide for an adjournment on Satur-
day, the 17th, instead of rescinding the former
resolution entirely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas proposes an amendment to the resolu-
tion, winch will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to add
afier the word u rescinded " the following:
And thai tne Speaker of the House and the Presi-
dent of tho Bonate be dueeted to adjourn their
r^prctivo Houses without day oil Saturday, the
17tU instant, at twelve o'oiook m.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that we
41st Ooxg. 1st Bess.—No. 39.
cannot see precisely to-day when we shall be
in a condition to adjourn. The proposition of
my friend from Kansas assumes that a week
from Saturday we shall be able to adjourn.
How does he know it ? If the Senate embarks
in the consideration of the questions to which
the President has invited its attention the Sen-
ator knows very well it will not be easy in
advance to assign the time when that debate
will be brought to a close. I know well that
Senators may suggest that that may be a rea-
son why we should not begin the debate. I
do not recognize the force of that suggestion.
I see in the question proposed for our consid-
eration an importance and magnitude in ref-
erence to the public welfare which will justify
any debate.
The Senator from Michigan reminds us that
in his opinion the people do not expect us to
stay here after next Saturday. How does he
know that? Where have the people signified
any such opinion ? Sir, the people expect us
to stay here to do our duty. They expect us
to remain in our seats so long as there is any-
thing before us to do.
Now, the President has invited our attention
to an important question, to which already
Senators on the floor had invited the attention
of the Senate. Will you not stay to consider
that question ? I know the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee; but will you not consider
that report? Will you not consider whether
the committee is well-founded in its con-
clusions? Are you willing in the face of the
invitation of the President, in the face of the
invitation of some of your own members, to go
home, leaving that great subject without any
consideration? Sir, if you do you go at your
perii, and at the peril of the public peace.
What assurance have you that the peace,
during these long intervening months, can be
preserved in those States to which allusion has
been made? Constantly we hear of outrages.
Constantly the law is set at defiance. The
President invites us to consider what shall be
done in order to bring about that era of peace
and reconciliation which all profess to desire.
Shall we leave our seats and abandon this
great duty? I hope not.
Already this morning the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Moktos] has proposed to us a
very importaut proposition, nothing less than
a new requirement of four of the unrecon-
structed States, to the effect that they shall, as
a condition-precedent, to their readmission to
the privileges of this Capitol, ratify the consti-
tutional amendment lately adopted by Con-
gress—a most important proposition. Already
we are admonished by the opposition that that
amendment has encountered in various States,
that it is important for us to take all possible
safeguards to the end that it may become a
part of the text of the Constitution. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is right, I submit, in bring-
ing forward the proposition that is now on
your table. Sir, what is our duty? Is it not
to meet the proposition, to discuss it, to vote
upon it, and, I say, to adopt it?
But all that requires time; and yet Senators
say " Let us go home." Sir, I cannot under-
stand the sentiments, I cannot enter into the
hearts or the ideas of Senators who, in the face
of such aquestion, say, *' Let usgo home." It
was said in antiquity of an eminent Roman
that he believed nothing done so long as any-
thing remained undone ; and I know no better
rule for the Congress of the United States
than to believe nothing done so long as any-
thing remains undone.
And now, sir, I have to submit that with
regard to the completion of reconstruction
much does remain undone. There is much
that you must do before you can confidently
expect that reconciliation and peace which is
to be the crown of all your efforts.
But this is not all. There is other business
on the table of the Senate which demands your
attention. There is the whole subject of nat-
uralization. Pardon me if 1 call your attention
to it. It was much considered during the win-
ter. Tt has been reported upon, I believe,
during the present session. The bill is on your
Calendar. Why will you not consider it? Sen-
ators 6ay, " Postpone it to the next session."
Why so? The next autumn will then produce
its crop of frauds and that unhappy condition
will become still more chronic than ever. Why
allow it? Why not, before we leave these
seats of ours, see that that great justice is done?
Why, sir, I have a letter here that I have just
received from one of our friends in New York,
in which he says:
" I fear that Congress will adjourn without giving
relief, especially m this State, trom the frauds so
outragous and vile which have been practiced by the
Democratic ringleaders, and which they have in
view in the future in a still greater degree. One o(
the greatest combinations that ever existed has been
formed and is in working process now; I mean Tam-
many Hall and the Erie Railroad Company. I hon-
estly believe that if the ialse papers issued by our
judges last fall are not open to revision by the Dni-
led States courts through an act of Congress and the
future power of this terrible combination checked
we can never gain any election in our State."
In the face of these representations Senators
say, " Let us go home."
I only call attention to what may be consid-
ered the great busiuess of the country. Seu-
ators know well that there are other questions
having no such transcendant importance, but
which, nevertheless, at this moment invite our
attention. Here is a bill that has been under
diseussion for some two or three days for the
protection of the interests of the United States
in the greatest enterprise, perhaps, ever at-
tempted by man ; I mean the Pacific railroad.
One or two days it has been discussed and we
have not yet come to any conclusion. Will
you go home and leave that great interest in
jeopardy, and leave the private interests which
are involved with the public also at stake? I
allude to that as one of the other questions. I
might take up your Calendar and show you
question after question to which I insist you
ought to give your attention before you leave
your seats.
Mr. STEWART, I think it is all-important
that we should adjourn on Saturday, i see no
reason for staying here longer. The public
measures that are talked about have been un-
derstood as well since last fall as now, and I
should like to know if the Senators who are so
anxious that they should be now considered
have been known to press them ? Take the
case of Georgia. It was understood among
our friends that we would do something in the
ease of Georgia. The benator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] had it in charge. He called
the attention of the Senate to the measure on
various occasions, and tried to get it up ; but
it was voted down for private bills ; it could
not be considered. We have been here long
enough to consider all those measures if there
was any disposition to consider them.
If we rescind this resolution now, it means
that we are to go into a general system of legis-
lation. Congress has been in session almost
incessantly for the last four years, and it does
seem as if the country could consent to a vaca-
tion of Congress. It is not going to be one
of the usual vacations, because we have had
now over a month of session. I believe that a
vacation of Congress would be a stronger evi-
dence to the people that peace had returned
than anything else. General Grant in the
mean time will keep the peace in the South.
It is only for a few months. There will be
ample time then to legislate, and to provide for
holding elections in the States referred to.
If the legislation suggested be entered upon,
legislation for all those States and reconstruc-
tion measures generally are to be discussed,
if we are to enter upon a revision of the natu-
ralization laws, ana then a system of legisla-
tion on private bills, we shall stay here all the
summer. Are we never again to have % vaca-
tion of Congress? I beiteve the people, for
! a change, aiter four years of almost continuous
j session, would like to have a vacation lor a
j little time.
' There was a general understanding among
| our friends that only certain matters should be
j considered at the present session, I have en-
> deavorea to obey that understanding, and have
