612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
DETENTION OF OVERLAND MAILS.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by uuanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be directed to inquire ioto the cause of
the interruption and detention of the overland maifls
to and irom the Pacific coast, and that they be
authorized to send for persons and papers.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That Julia Whistler have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate her petition and
papers.
internal revenue.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 140)
to amend an act entitled " An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
otber purposes," approved July 20, 1868.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we may act on
the amendments of the Committee on Finance
as we pass along.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendments as they are reached.
The bill was read, and each amendment acted
on as reached in its order.
The following was read :
23c it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives oj the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, 'jL'hat an uctentitled "An act imposing taxeson
distilled spirits and tobacco, and tor olhcr purposes,"
approved .July 20,1868, be amended as tollows, to wit:
That section eight be amended so that m case ot'a
di&tiller or distilling apparatus erected priur to the
20«.iu ot July, 1868, on a tractor lotoi land held under
lease or other evidence of title less than tee simple,
which was not required by thelaws ot the State to bo
recorded in order to be valid at the time ol its exe-
cution, or in any case where the owner is possessed
of the lee but incumbered with a mortgage executed
and duly recorded prior to the said 20th ot July, 1868,
and not due, or where the fee is held by a femme
covert, minor, person of unsound mind, or other per-
son incapable of giving consent as required by said
act, a bond may be taken as provided tor in said sec-
tion lor a distillery erected on land the lease or other
evidence ot title to which was duly recorded prior to
the passage ot this act.
The Committee on Finance propose to amend
the clause by inserting in line thirteen, after
ihe word "case,'5 the words where the title
is m litigation, or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Furnace to report, an amendment of
the phraseology, to strike oat all after the word
"act," iu line nineteen, to the end of the clause,
and in lieu thereof to insert:
May, if he deems it best for the public interest,
take a bond as provided tor in said section for a dis-
tillery erected on land the lease or other evidence
of title to which was duly recorded prior to the pas-
sage of the said act of July 20.1868: Provided, That
notmng herein contained shali be so construed as to
apply to any distillery or distillery apparatus not
erected prior to the 20th of July, 1868.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
That section twenty bo so amended that in case of
distilleries having a producing capacity of less than
one hundred gallons in twenty-lour hours, and in
which gram or meal is mashed by hand and without
the use of steam, sixty gallons of mash or beer
brewed or fermented irom grain shall represent not
less than one bushel of grain.
The Committee on Finance proposed after
this clause to insert:
That section fifty-six be amended so as to extend
the urne lor withdrawing distilled spirits from
bonded warehoube until the 30th of June, 1869, but
subject to an additional tax on each prool gallon
deposited and bonded in warehouse at the rate of
one cent, for each month alter the 20th of April, 1869,
and until withdrawn: and any distilled spirits re-
maimng in bonded warehouse alter the 30th day of
June, 1869, shall be forfeited to the United States and
disposed of as provided in said section.
Mr._ SPRAGUE, I only desire to occupy
attention one moment. My information as
regards this is in this wise: there are special
manufacturers engaged in the distillation of a
superior article of whisky which cannot be
brought to sale before it lias had time to mature.
This amendmentcompels those parties to with-
draw from bonded warehouse before July next
a very large amount of this product that will
require two or three years to perfect. I am
told by those who are engaged in this business
that if they are compelled at this time to raise
the money to withdraw this whisky it will be
not only of serious embarrassment to them,
but it may lead to bankruptcy ; and from my
knowledge of the existing state of things in the
money market I believe that their statements
are true. I trust my friend, the Senator from
Ohio, and the Senate will consider the informa-
tion I bring to them, for it cannotbe the inten-
tion of the Senate by a provision of this kind,
if I have stated the case properly, to embarrass
or to break down those who are engaged in this
business.
Mr. SHERMAN". I can assure the Senator
from Rhode Island that we have not only care-
fully considered this matter, but we have heard
all the parties in interest, and have so far
yielded to the pressure, to the equitable de-
mand on the part of the dealers in whisky, that
we have extended the time from the 20th of
April, when by law they are required to take
the whisky out of bond, until the 1st of July.
The House of Representatives refused to grant
any extension. The Senate Committee on
Finance were disposed to follow the same
course, but after full examination concluded
it was the interest of the Government to give
the parties who hold the present stock on hand
until the 1st of July to withdraw it. Further
than that we ought not to go. We cannot
make our revenue laws to enable people to get
up whisky for the Senator and me to drink.
We must establish general laws. The subject
has been fully considered, and I suppose the
Senate does not care to hear more about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause of the bill was read, as fol-
lows :
That section fifty-nine be amended so that every
person who rectifies, purifies, or refines distilled
spirits or wines by any process other than by ori-
ginal and continuous distillation from mash, wort, or
wash, through continuous closed vessels and pipes,
until the manufacture thereof is complete, and every
wholesale or retail liquor dealer who has in his pos-
session any still or leach-tub, or who shall keep any
other apparatus for the purpose of refining in any
manner distilled spirits, and every person who, with-
out rectifying, purilying,or refining distilled spirits,
shall, by mixing such spirits, wine, or other liquor,
with any materials, manufacture any spurious, imi-
tation, or compound liquors, for sale, under the
name of whisky, brandy, gin, rum, wine, spirits, cor-
dials, or wine bitters, or any other name, shall be
regarded as a rectifier and as being engaged in the
business of rectifying; and so much of the act to
which this is an amendment as re'ates to compound-
ers of liquors, and as is inconsistent with the pro-
visions of the section hereby amended, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend, in line thirty-nine, by inserting after
the word "that" the words "on and after the
1st of May, 1869."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert after the word " repealed," at the end of
the clause, the following amendment:
And said section fifty-nine is further amended as
follows: strike out the fourth paragraph thereof,
relating to retail liquor dealers, and the fifth para-
graph to and includmgthe words "shall be required
to pay the special tax of a wholesale dealer," and
insert in lieu of the portion stricken out the fol-
lowing :
Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty-five dol-
lars. Every person who sells or offers lor sale foreign
or domestic distilled spirits, wines, or malt liquors in
less quantities than five gallons at the same time
shall be regarded as a retail dealer in liquors.
Wholesale liquor dealers shali each pay $100.
Every person who sells or offers for sale foreign or
domestic distilled spirits, wines, or malt liquors in
quantities of not less than five gallons at the same
time shall be regarded as a whplesale liquor dealer.
Dealers m liquors whose sales, including sales of
all other merchandise, shall exceedS25.000shalleach
pay an additional tax at the rate of one dollar for
every $100 of soles of liquors in excess of such $Zo,000;
and on every $1,000 ot sales of other merchandise shall
pay at the same rate as a wholesale dealer: and such
excess shall be returned, assessed, and paid in the
same manner as required of wholesale dealers. But
no distiller or brewer, who has paid hie special tax
as such, and who sells only distilled spirits or malt
liquors of his own production, at the place of manu-
facture, in the original casks or packages to which
the tax stamps are affixed, shall be required to pay
the special tax of a wholesale dealer on account of
such sales.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read, as follows:
That section sixty-seven be amended so as to re-
quire that hereafter all special revenue stamps for
the payment of the tax on tobacco and snuff in pack-
ages of one pound or more in weight shall be num-
bered in continued series for each collection district,
and shall have a blank space for the written sig-
nature of the collector to whom they may be fur-
nished, who shall sign the same when sold by him ;
and a registry shall be kept of the amounts and the
numbers of the stamps furnished to any collector;
and manufacturers or other persons authoriz d by
said section to purchase st imps shall purchase only
of collectors within their respective districts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments to this clause will be read.
Mr, SHERMAN. Since agreeing to the
amendments the committee have directed me
to ask that this whole paragraph be stricken
out from line eighty-eight to line ninety-nine.
I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was read :
That section eighty-eight be amended so that
either the proprietor's name or the manufacturer's
name shall be printed on the label for cigars pro-
vided for in said section.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert at this point, as a new section :
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That section one
hundred and fifty-five of the act entitled " An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and tor
other purposes," approved July 30,1861, as amended
by the ninth section of the act of July 13, 1866, be
further amended by adding thereto the following:
And the fact that any adhesive stamp so bought,
sold, offered for sale, used, or had in possession, as
aforesaid, has been washed or restored by removing
or altering the canceling or defacing marks thereon
shall be prima facie proof that such stamp has been
once used and removed by the possessor thereof
from some vellum, parchment, paper, instrument,
or writing chaiged with taxes imposed bylaw m
violation of the provisions of this section."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out the
second section of the House bill, in the follow-
ing words:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That any person
having in his possession any tobacco, snuff, or cigai^
manufactured prior to the 23d day of November,
1868, liable to a tax or duty,and on which the tax ot
duty has been paid but not stamped, s.taii, witum
sixty days after the passage of this act, make a state-
ment of the class, weight, and number of package?
which constituted his inventoried stock of tobacco,
snuff, and cigars on the 1st day of March, 1869, and
returned by him according to the provisions ot set lion
seventy-eight of the act to which this is an amend-
ment, deducting therefrom whatever may have been
sold or removed sincc that period, and an exuetstate-
ment ot the class, weight, and number ot packages
into which it may be required to be repacked, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of said act.whicli state-
ment shall be made under Odth or affirmation to the
assistant assessor, who shall make careful and per-
sonal examination thereof, and compare the same
wi th his in ventories; and if found to be correct, said
assistant assessor shall make oath or affirmation ot
the correctness of the same to the assessor of the dis-
trict, who shall immediately make a true abstract of
such statements and transmit said abstracts to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And any person
having in his possession any tobacco, snuff, or cigars
manufactured before the imposition of any tax or
duty thereon, shall within sijety days after the pas-
sage of this act make a like statement of his stock,
to be verified, examined, compared, and reported in
like manner to the Commissioner.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the honorable
chairman of the committee from which this
bill comes to state why that provision adopted
by the House of Representatives is stricken
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do "not know whether
the Senate care about listening t£> this matter ;
but this presents a very important question,
and perhaps I ought to make a brief statement
in regard to it, as it may come back to us from
the House of Representatives.
Under the law as it now stands all tobacco
sold after the 15th day of February must be
stamped, or it raay be forfeited at any time to
the United States. This will probably involve
the retaxing or restamping of a portion of the
tobacco on hand, perhaps a very large portion.
An attempt has been made by the House of
Representatives to relieve those who have paid
the tax so as to allow that tobacco to be stamped
with free stamps, as tbey arc called. The Com-
mittee on Finance, after the most patient ex-
amination of this question, hearing the tobacco
men, hearing the Commissioner of internal
Revenue, and all parties concerned^ are now
satisfied that the House provision would lead
