1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
to interminable frauds; that there would be no
end to them. I believe we all agreed that it
would be far better to stamp at once all the
tobacco on hand in the United States rather
tli,111 to pass the second, third, and fourth sec-
tions as they stand, because they invite and
would lead to any amount of fraud; and the
result. would be that stamps would be issued to
cover all the tobacco on hand, and those stamps
might hereafter be fraudulently used. It would
be better at once for us to provide stamps for
all the tobacco on hand, rather than to under-
take to carry out the machinery of this bill.
Of that opinion was the Commissioner of In-
ternal .Revenue, who examined the matter with
great care.
We then tried various plans to meet the
manifest equity of those persons who have
honestly paid the tax on their tobacco; but we j
have not been able to fix upon any plan that j
would give them relief without doing much
greater damage to the Government in the loss
of revenue. After all, when we came to ex-
amine the matter, even if the tobacco 011 hand
is required to pay a second tax, it will be far
less injurious than many Senators suppose, far
less than I supposed myself in the first instance.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
now considering the subject and preparing
carefuliy an amendment to carry out a certain
idea. It is not yet ready ; it is intended as a
substitute for the House proposition, and prob-
ably it will be presented in the House of Rep-
resentatives where the question can be consid-
ered again when this bill goes back. We have
had three orfour meetingsof the Finance Com-
mittee 011 this subject, and we have not been
as yet able to agree on any substitute for the
House proposition ; but I believe we have come
to the conclusion wiih great unanimity that
rather than pass the House sections in the form
in which they now stand it would be better to
make the people who hold this tobacco submit
to paying a second tax upon it. There may
be some hardship and injustice and inequality
in this; but it has been done several times
betore in the history of our internal revenue
system, and in my judgment it is better in
every respect to do that than to pass the sec-
tions as they are presented to us by the House
of Representatives.
This is about all the explanation I can make
to the Senate. I have here a great number
of documents which set out the impracticable
nature of these sections, among others a state-
ment made by Mr. Kimball, of the Internal
Revenue Bureau, who has charge of the tax
on tobacco, indorsed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and I have a statement of
the tobacco men that is in print. These doc-
uments are very voluminous, and I do not think
it is worth while to take up time by reading
them.
Mr. CONKLING. I lost the idea which the
Senator intended to convey about the prob-
ability of a substitute for this proposition being
inserted in the other House. I wish the Sen-
ator would be kind enough to explain what he
means in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance were dispose to act on this idea: that
wliereany tobaccohas been manufactured since
the pass-age of the act of July last and the tax
lias been honestly paid upon it, but it has not
been stamped in accordance with the law, re-
lief should be afforded ; and no doubt a section
of that kind will be proposed either in one
House or the other; aud that is as far, in my
judgment, as we ought to go.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not propose it now?
Mi. SHERMAN. It is not prepared. The
Commissioner of Internal Eevenue, after a
patient examination this morning, has gone
now to prepare that amendment, and it can be
oiRied in the other House as well as here. I
(hi not wish to delay the bill for that reason.
The Senator fiom New York will see that the
present revenue stamp on tobacco is no guard.
1 have here, aud exhibit to the Senate, that
stamp, which costs $19 20. There is nothing
to prevent a skillful person from detaching that
stamp from a tobacco-box and using it on any
other. Means are now being taken to provide
a new stamp with serial numbers to guard
against that.
Another difficulty grows out of the fact that
this stamp, bad as it was, took four months to
provide in the internal revenue office. The
law was passed in July, and they did not fur-
nish the stamp until November following, a
period of four months. In that time tobacco
was manufactured which paid the tax. We
propose to relieve it from the payment of a
second tax, so that all the tobacco that has paid
a tax under the existing law will not be again
required to pay tax. The details will be left
rather to the regulation of the Commissioner
of the Internal Revenue than be settled bylaw, j
This is all the explanation I propose to make
unless the Senate want me to go into the
details as to the impracticability of these sec-
tions. I think that if the Senator from New
York will read them over with his usual care he
will find that it is utterly impossible to guard
against all sorts of frauds, perjuries, and abuse
under the bill as it stands with these sec-
tions in.
Mr. CONKLING. I of course have no wish
to waste a moment unnecessarily on this sub-
ject, and still less wish to interpose in behalf
of anything which is liable even to the sus-
picion that it might produce or suffer fraud.
A great many constituents of mine, as the Sen-
ator from Ohio knows, are very largely inter-
ested iu this subject. They feel, and I think
very properly feel, the injustice which would
be done to them, likely rather to be inflicted
1 in the ratio in which they have been honest
j dealers, were we to provide for double taxa-
tion, were we to provide that those men who
have honestly and fully acquitted themselves
of their obligations and paid their tax should
be visited with a second tax, and should suffer
in the future by as much as they have been
honest in the past. Of course I need not argue
to convince Senators that that would be very
harsh and improvident legislation. I asked
the question I did of the honorable Senator in
view of the fact that there is no suggestion
appearing on the face of the hill that in liea
of the matter to be stricken out anything is to
be inserted. I am very glad to hear from him
that something is to be inserted, because it
removes somewhat the surprise I felt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that by two o'clock the Commissioner will
probably furnish that amendment, and I will
j submit it to the Committee on Finance, and
; if it carries out our views we may be able to
i present it as a substitute for the House prop-
1 osiiion before the bill is disposed of.
I Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad attention
is called to it, for when this matter shall come
up hereafter on the report of a conference
committee or otherwise I shall ask the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator and the Senate
to this subject, feeling very sure that we ought
not to provide double taxation on honest deal-
ers without some attempt to propose a better
provision.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I regret
that time should not have been afforded to
1 provide a substitute for the sections now pro-
I posed to be stricken out. I was unabl^ 111
,| committee to give my assentto the proposition
|| to strike out these sections, and in part for the
II reason indicated by the honorable Senator from
" New York. I can see how this Government
may afford to lose money, but I cannot see how
, it can afford to lose character and fail to keep
! good faith with the citizens. It is plain that
1' under the laws as they now exist large quan-
li tities of manufactured tobacco have paid all
!; that they justly owed the Government. It is
11 plain that the law now imposes a double tax,
j! which would be a plain violation ot good faith
| with those who paid all the tax theretofore
J1 required by law.
ij I am aware that there are very great diffi-
j; culties attending this question. I am aware
ij that it will be very difficult to settle the true
amount of this commodity upon which taxes
have been paid. I am aware that there will
be liere a loop-hole possibly for the dishonest
dealers to claim stamps free of payment upon
a large amount of tobacco which they may
assert had previously paid the tax, because
there is a want of means, owing to the loose-
ness of existing laws, in discriminating be-
tween tobacco that has paid its tax and that
which has not.
I trust that the United States Government
in dealing with its people will always set the
great example of the uttermost good faith with
those who have striven to keep their obligations
with it; and if under existing laws there be
imperfections in ascertaining the proper amount
of tax to be levied I think that the Govern-
ment should suffer from that, and not the peo-
ple who have striven to do their duty toward it.
There were several propositions tending to
establish some limit as to the time when this
law should operate. It is well known to Sen-
ators that under existing provisions of law
returns were to be made by various manufac-
turers on the first day of every month, and it
was proposed as a just and equitable settle-
ment of this question that the returns should
be taken as of the 1st day of February last, and
that from those returns deductions should be
made for all tobacco subsequently sold. I
think that would have afforded a sufficient safe-
guard against fraud. I think that would limit,
and limit very reasonably, the amount of tax
which this Government could under any possi-
bility lose or gain. But these proposed amend-
ments have never been properly matured ; they
are not in shape; and I regret exceedingly that
there could not have been a postponement
probably of a single hour to enable these prop-
ositions to take definite and proper shape. I
would ask the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee of which I am a member whether it
would be advisable in the present state of busi-
ness to postpone the consideration of this ques-
tion and let the bill pass over for a singlejiour
until these propositions take some reasonable
shape, that we may know precisely what we are
to do ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. SpraGue] tells me that he wishes
to address the Senate on this bill, and I have no
objection to his going on now. In the mean
time we will try and prepare a substitute for
these sections.
Mr. BAYARD. I am satisfied with that
course.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to confine myself strictly to a dis-
| cussion of the measure before the Senate. I
! observed a moment since that the effect 011 the
I distiller and manufacturer of whisky of com-
I polling him to withdraw his whisky before it
| had ripened for sale would be injurious to him.
! I did not say that it would invite speculation,
j but such will be the result of it. The compel-
ling of a manufacturer to raise large sums of
money at this time at an exorbitant rate of
interest is an oppression toward that manu-
facture. and that assertion cannot be gainsaid.
The effect of placing upon the market large
amounts of this commodity will certainly be to
depress for a time the market, and there are
. those who stand ready to seize that favorable
opportunity, based upon the distress and the
j! misfortune caused by the action of the Govern-
! ment, first forcing them into this condition,
!| and then forcing them out of it at a time when
j! they are not prepared and when the market is
ij in such a state as almost to putthem in acon-
ji dition of bankruptcy if this policy be per-
il sisted in.
j. In another point of view the discrimination
, between those who import from foreign conu-
n tries and those who manufacture at home must
' be considered by the Senate aud by anybody
' that reflects on this subject. Those who import
!' foreign productions are entitled to three years
! time previous to the withdiawal from ware-
i, house of the article that they import. This is
' in my mind ft measure that has not received
Ij the consideration, based upon information from
the correct source, that it ought to receivc. It
