614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
ought not to pass this body. This constant
legislation affecting existing interests by Sen-
ators who cannot be and are not conversant
with the interests of this particular subject is
unfortunate. How can they be conversant with
it? What I complain of here and elsewhere
is this constant tampering with the interests
in which the' people are engaged, in order to
force from them Government revenue. The
whqle legislation here is to protect the Gov-
ernment; and there is in my deliberate judg-
ment very little attention paid toward pro-
tecting the interests in which the people are
engaged.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to interrupt
my friend, but I desire to say to him that there
is not a single clause or section of this bill
which is not demanded by persons engaged in
the busiuess themselves. Every section of this
bill is for their relief, not for the relief of the
Government.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Complaints come to me
from those engaged in this interest. They have
satisfied my mind with the correctness of the
statements they have made, though they have
not apparently affected the mind of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. President, the attendance to-day is sig-
nificant. "Whether the crowd in the galleries
are here from curiosity or from a deep interest
in the present condition of the country, each
one that occupies these seats can better judge.
If they feel as do those who communicate with
me on paper and express themselves concern-
ing the present condition in which this country
is as regards the action of the Government on
the interests of the people, they are not here
from curiosity, bat from a deep anxiety con-
cerning the welfare of the country.
It was observed by my friend, the Senator
from Nevada, some time since, that I had united
in the measures which had prevailed in Con-
gress. I did not think then to state as I now
do that it is not only right, but the duty of
every man, whether he occupies a private or a
public station, when new light breaks in upon
him, or when the information and reflections
that crowd upon him are of such weight as
force him to a different conclusion from that
he has heretofore held, to at once change his
ground and act according to his honest con-
victions. I came into this Chamber some time
ago irom a deep sense of duty, to communi-
cate to the Senate and to the country my reflec-
tions on the state of affairs and the great anx-
iety that was a second nature to me, that had
become a part of my being. It is the policy
and practice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, notwithstanding there is new light
011 an old subject, to give to the new subject
with new light the decision that it gave to the
old subject with the old light. It is for the
purpose of maintaining their prestige, regard-
less of the merits of the case. That is the
policy and the practice of all interests that
design to perpetuate themselves and to increase
their power. There is no other reason why
Senators should hold to the opinions that they
have heretofore held except it is to be con-
sistent, strong, arrogating to themselves and
to the body poorer without regard to the change
of circumstances and conditions around them.
Have the people of the United States ob-
served, have reflecting Senators and members
of Congressobserved, have politicians observed
that there is in our form and system as now
practiced no check whatever in any of the
branches of the Government or among any of
the privileged interests of the people ? As to
the Executive, what has been the spectacle
that has exhibited itself to the country ? Was
there not an effort that convulsed the country
and blanched the faces of thoughtful men to
bring the President of the United States to the
bar of the Senate to be checked for what the
Senate thought was an arbitrary grasp of power?
What is the spectacle that has been presented
to the country in the last few weeks? The
Senate have held on to power with a tenacity
equaled only by the hold on power of uncon-
trolled and unchecked tyranny in the past. I
referred a moment ago to the judiciary, in
the appointment of which this body shares.
Certainly, on a consideration of these three
branches of the Government by thoughtful
men, they must decide that the powers now
exercised by the Senate in connection with all
these three branches of the Government are far
in advance of those that were exercised by them
when the Constitution was first established.
We find, too, in the country two great reli-
gious bodies arrogating to themselves not only
the powers of their holy calling, but exercising
an almost controlling power in the political
affairs of the country as well as upon the social
condition of the people. I will not point to
those who lead in directing the interests of
either one or the other of those great institu-
tions ; but I point the attention of the reflective
mind to their growth and influence otherwise
than was originally contemplated or desirable
when this people first established for themselves
a republican form of government.
We had before the Senate the other day the
spectacle of a contest between two great monop-
olies. The great railroads across the conti-
nent have been here at the bar of the Senate
to contest their claims to an aggregation of
more power than they would otherwise have.
I point to those great monopolies, and I ask the
people of this country if it is a pleasing spectacle
to them to find Senators of the United States
concerned on the one side or the other in advo-
cating the claims of each ?
I point to the trades of the country. Is it a
pleasing spectacle to witness in the great city
of New York the growth of one or two great
interests and the poverty of all the rest ? And
when I speak of poverty, those of whom I speak
will respond to the words I utter. I point also
to the great manufactories, greater now, far
greater than when I first came into the arena
of private or public life. I ask the people
about and around those great interests whether
or not they prefer the present condition of
things to the condition intimespast, when there
were other smaller interests, but who had power
as well, and who neutralized and cheeked the
growing and overshadowing influences of the
great concerns ?
The example of the Government in arro-
gating to itself superior powers is followed by
the people; and I shall show before I take my
seat tfiat it is owing to a condition of things
growing out of the construction of the Gov-
ernment-itself.
Sir, I have aroused the attention of the coun-
try to their affairs. That must be patent to
every Senator. I have not spoken words that
have not been spoken at other times, but they
did not then touch the popular heart, and why ?
The popular heart and. the popular mind was
never before in its present condition, for the
reason that the future never looked so dark to
the people of the United States as it looks to-
day. They do not know what the difficulty is
or how to remedy it. They do know that there
is a pressure upon them that they cannot throw
off. They look to Congress, who have absorbed
the powers that I have enumerated, to give
them relief; and when they hear woids differ-
ent from the words that have heretofore been
uttered those wordscommand the public atten-
tion. That is the simple reason that affects
to-day the public mind in consequence of the
words that I have spoken.
Another reason is that the people know from
those utterances that I am conversant with
their condition ; that I know the causes that
have produced that condition ; and they feel,
from the foreshadowing of the idea of the
remedy, that there is hope for them.
I have not come before the Senate or the
country for any idle display, or for any pur-
pose of sensation. I certainly do not desire
to be the object of the gaze of the people of
the United States. I would have preferred to
leave this country and to take myself far from
the sight and far from the hearing of that
which I believe to be, know to be, its ruin
unless there is a reversal of the policy and
the acts of this body. 1 am convinced of it
beeause the facts themselves have impressed
it upon me, and because the condition of the
people of this country now presents to me an
exact parallel to the condition of other peo-
ple when they commenced their downfall.
The Senate of the United States may well
have misunderstood me. It has always been
my nature to hide myself from the public gaze.
It was my boyish nature. If I was to be foun<i
in earlier times it was easy to find me re-
moved from the confusion and from the ob-
servation of all, devoted to my own reflection*
upon the subjects that were presented to me at
the time. Such, sir, is my nature ; and there
must have been a strong power that could have
forced me to the expression of my views and
reflections, so contrary to the general senti-
ment of the tody, so- at variance with the
party now carrying on the affairs of the coun-
try. Were I to consult my own convenience
and pleasure alone I would eorrtimre, as I had
done, silent and apparently inattentive to the1
business and affairs going on about me. Butr
sir, I could not do it. I could not resist the
pressure that compelled me to speak that
which I thought, that which I knew to be the
truth, and that which, if not ultimately acted!
npon, would carry the country to ruin ami
servitude as certain as things went on.
I do not speak from feelings or opinions
formed now for the first time. For some time
I have noticed the general tendency of things.
If I needed any confirmation of my views I
have it in the fact that the condition of the
masses of the people to-day is far more unsatis-
factory than it was a year ago. From the
South and from all parts of this country come to
me letters asking for employment. I am sup-
posed to be rich, and I am made the objective
pointforthese solicitations, perhaps, more than
the friends around me. The inquiries that I
make and the information that they give con-
firm me in my opinions, if I needed confirma-
tion.
One great difficulty that exists is that those'
who possess large interests come herewith then-
attorneys, men familiar with the legal mind,
and their case is presented in a legal way and
meets the judgment of the legal mind. The
business man, familiar simply with the routine
of his own business, not looking much beyond
it from day to day, brings to bear upon his in-
terests no language, no information that can
draw the attention of minds thus constituted.
It is for that reason that the great business
interests of this country, without which the
Government is_ of no avail and the object of ita
establishment is a failure, suffer.
I think I shall prove conclusively to the minds
of all who read that the condition of the coun-
try to-day has a parallel in the history of Spain
under'Philip I, when she lost her possessions
and commenced her downward career. I shall
point to the Netherlands as another parallel,
showing that by the adoption of the plan shad-
owed forth by me she maintained that suprem-
acy which was the wonder and the astonishment
of the world.
Before entering upon my proof I design, as I
have heretofore omitted to mention it among
the great powers now absorbing all the inter-
ests and all the privileges of the people, to
speak of the press. I have a word to say to
the press. You are agreat power in the land;
greater than all the press in other lands com-
bined. With this great power in your hands
one notices that you have not, considering the
condition of the country, used it to promote
the prosperity of the people. You are repre-
sented here by your reporters and correspond-
ents. I speak directly to you both. You pre-
tend to give wholesome advice and right direc-
tion to the thoughts of the people. I believe
you assume to be the champions of liberty.
Freedom of the press is said to be the synonym
of freedom for the people. Of course you are
always thus engaged. No influence otherwise
affects you. ^ In fact, you cannot be bribed into
the special interest of anybody ! The young
men about me, acting as your correspondenis,
who find it difficult to live on the pittances doled
