1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
we fortify our position; that we should not
go back like sheep to Washington; that we
should not be further disgraced. Sir, what
was their action? I went to sleep ; and about
two o'clock the stillness awoke me. All had
tied ; had been gone for hours. I saddled my
horse, jumped the fences, and reported to
Lincoln ; and begged him to send forward new
troops which he had to stop the disorder.
-My petition was of no avail.
The million was asked to wait a week. The
enemy were coming on. Sir, why not stop in
a place^ of security? Certainly no one would
now refuse. A rat will fight in a corner; a
coward will sometimes be worked up to a
frenzy. Sir, the million dollars would not
stay. The very next train put distance be-
tween them and their fancied pursuers. Thus
the mechanics were sacrificed. They would
not have been had the enemy not found all
his forces operating on a short line.
One hundred men paid the penalty. They
were poor men, however. The battle was lost
beyond a peradventure by the influences that
kept the forces in the rear. As splendid a
body of men as ever shouldered a musket,
other than the million dollars, were disgraced.
A nation was paled and discouraged ; a State
hung its head, and only in its mechanics, in
the infantry and artillery, had she a decent
place in history.
Sir, it was the influence of the million dol-
lars that struck at me.
They went home ; paid clacquers were ready,
and an ovation followed. The feelings the
clacquers gave rise to embarrassed me when I
was in the field. A spirit of disorder and dis-
union was engendered in every regiment the
State sent into the front. One was hardly
formed before this counter influence was at
work. Is this the kind of direction for a brave
people ? Is this the sort of influence that it is
desirable the American people should build
up? I say no; a thousand times no.
How did the country and my colleague and
this Senate reward that action? By a com-
mission as brevet brigadier general!
Besides this, be it understood, that there
was a solemn oath taken by the million dollars
to bear the breast to the bullets of the enemy,
and I had taken no such oath. I was but an
actor without commission or authority, but did
act as I have related.
Did not the power, in subsequent political
action, send a man to Congress who has cov-
ered the business interests of the State with
disgrace ?
It is influences of this kind, now at work in
every community throughout the country in a
greater or less degree, that I propose to reduce
to a position where they will cease to rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will my colleague allow
mo to ask him to whom he refers?
The VICE PBESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island yield to his colleague?
Mr. SPBAGUE. J^o, sir. My colleague
says it is painful to him. To me there is no
pain when gathering instruction from the past
for the guidance of the present. He may say
that one of the representatives of the power
lost his life. True, sir ; the million dollars mis-
took the character of the man on whose staff
he was, and placed a member of the family
there who fell with his chief. It made some
atonement, but where are the one hundred men
dead? How atone for a battle lost, a nation
humbled, twelve hundred men for life cut off
from the enjoyment of believing that their
efforts, if properly and courageously directed,
would have saved a nation from humiliation,
.1 State from disgrace, and themselves from
bitterness. One life does not always repay for
a work of this kind. The life must be a great I
one. We have heard of such a one, but it does |
not belong to this account. We gather this
moral from this chapter in history—that a peo-
ple under such control and direction become
cowards and slaves ; and gather this also, that
under any oilier (lovermnont on the face of the
globe death would have been the penalty, not
the highest honor ol the State.
Mr. President, I will not burden the Senate
describing similar influences that worked dis-
aster to the army of the Potomac. I will forego
that for the present. But I am cautioned to
exercise policy; that the adversary must be
approached in parallel and zigzag lines. Are
the people forced into such danger that they
cannot approach but under cover of the institu-
tions built by their consent and sanctioned by
their labors ?
Following out the illustration of the influences
I have described as at work in Rhode Island,
let me ask the people of my State how they
like the increasing growih of these two great
houses—my own and that of the great family
I have mentioned ? They are now at war ; sup-
pose they were to join hands: what independ-
ence would there be among a people so largely
composed of the manufacturing class ? Let us
understand the whole case. The condition of
affairs in our State, which is but an aggra-
vated one in its application to the whole coun-
try, is this and nothing less. Go back with
me to the Middle Ages and see how by per-
sonal courage and daring great chiefs sprung
up, surrounded themselves with vassals, and
intrenched themselves with castles, the ruins
of which still interest travelers, though they
do not often instruct them. Thus established,
baron warred on baron, destroying castles and
capturing vassals and lands and adding them
to his own. For a long period leaders and
people were occupied in war, and continued
so until trade and commerce were established.
Is not our situation similar, except that instead
of noble daring among the leaders and manly
courage and virtue among the people there
are at work those secret influences which make
cowards and paupers? Does not the great
capitalist destroy and absorb the less, as the
great baron destroyed the smaller? And was
not the baron who possessed himself by force
of the castles, lands, and vassals of another
like the great capitalist absorbing to himself
the property and business of his weaker com-
petitor ? As for me, if I were called which to
choose, the condition of the Middle Ages or
now, I should choose the former. Then the
lands of the people were laid waste by the con-
tending chieftains, and the despoiler aggre-
gated the spoils to himself. Do we not see
wasted our lands, our property, our commerce
and trade; our business of all kinds absorbed
by the great moneyed institutions growing up
about us ? Will not these great interests war
on each other, and whoever triumphs will
not the people, in like manner, suffer and be
impoverished ? Sir, I certainly think so.
The power of the barons was only checked
and destroyed when the barons and people
united in the selection of a leader, the better to
protect themselves from foreign inroads and
from one another. This seems to me signifi-
cant; but that significance euds when a power
at the disposal of the people and the one I
indicate is brought into being.
I have illustrated this with a purpose. I
have given the history of the influence of
money, of the power of money in its operation
on the men that influence legislation, society,
business, and everything in this country, with
a purpose. It, is no easy task for any man to
stand up against the overshadowing money
power. I know the essence of money; I
know what forces it will bring to bear as well
as any man who hears me or who may read
what I say. I know that the influence of any
one representing simple capital on this Con-
gress in affecting the legislation of the country
is as certain to be in antagonism to the liber-
ties and interests of the people as in the war
instance I have illustrated. I do not desire to
point a finger that will in any way destroy
them ; they are proper and necessary in their
place : but when they come here and use this
Senate as their agent, and manipulate laws in
their interest to control the whole Government
of this country and the people's interest, then
1 denounce it: then I desire, as the people of
the country desire, that there shall be an agency
at work that will regulate, that will control,
that will reduce them to subjection to1 the peo-
ple's interests. There can be no mistake in
the picture that I have drawn. Senators must
stop and consider. They must see that in
the_ influence, in the encouragement they are
giving to these overshadowing powers there is
danger; and when they further consider the
anxieties and cares and sufferings and poverty
that are growing upon the people every day
and every hour, it seems to me that it is time
for ttiem to pause and consider if the policy
they have pursued is the correct policy. I say
it is not; the people say it is not. Then, sir',
why not pause and consider whether you are
right or they? '
The Governments of England and of the
continent know that your system of finance,
or rather your want of a system, has rottenness
in it, and that under it you cannot go on and
pay your debts. The only danger attending
the adoption of the plan I propose is that Great
Britain and the other Powers seeing you estab-
lish yourselves upon a sound financial bottom
may seek to prevent you. Will they go to war
to prevent you ? It is not impossible. They
have looked with suspicion at your securities ;
while those of Great Britain bring ninety to
ninety-five at three per cent, interest, yours at
six per cent, bring only eighty. They know
yours have no real bottom on which to rest;
but they will sell to you as long as you have a
dollar to pay for their goods. They will take
advantage of your poverty so long as your lands
sell at half or a quarter of their value. This
is going on at a rapid rate ; and you see by
the increase of importations—indicative of tho
unemployment of your people in manufactures,
produced by the extortionate rates of interest
established for your public securities—that the
increase in the cost of your manufactures is so
great that the tariff has become of no possible
protection. But you cannot increase the tariff,
you cannot increase the taxes, and operatives
are unemployed. There is a less and less market
for your agricultural productions. Existing
prices are starvation prices, becauseyour people
are in great numbers in the position of unem-
ployment. You cannot ship it, as you cannot
compete and pay the transportation with a pro-
duction on your part of five to twelve bushels
to the acre against a production of twenty-
seven and tweuty-eight; and all you sell at one
hundred and forty per cent, here, being equal to
a production of seven to ten dollars to the acre,
will not pay the labor you put on it; so that
your agricultural commerce is already lost.
Your manufacturing and mechanical interests
are going the same way, as may be seen by
the facts I have enumerated. What, I ask,
have you to rely on to give credit or to give
strength to national or any other of yonr se-
curities? Of course, while this state of things
is going on the world will look on aud laugh
at you. That they will send back their bonds
just in time to save themselves and take more
of your capital now in your business is a fact,
I believe, patent to everybody. The vast
amount of bonds now in Europe unsold, on
which bills of exchange are drawn, gives a
fictitious appearance of strength to your mar-
ket. I repeat that it may be that when Eng-
land becomes convinced that your eyes are
opened, that you see your real condition and
are about to apply an effectual remedy, and
that remedy one that will take from her her
supremacy of trade with you ; that you will
through its means establish your republican
institutions upon solid foundations, restore
your manufactures and your commerce inde-
pendently of her—at that moment she may
allege a pretext for war upon you. But with
a substantial financial system fully ingrafted
on your political system you can laugh at the
world and defy them all. Without a good
financial system you are weakness itself. 1 on
all take warning, I hope, by my words. 1
quote some instructive sentence^:
"It is the constant interest of tuuiin-r
never to undertake ofieusi\e w:u.- i<u- the s.ik- "!
srlory a lid conquest. They iuvi.-t lun.im .[■■■•. ■■
defensive, and not come, lo an open luiitnn v. ^ U : Ueir
noighbors but upon the utmost neei^-nie?.
