620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
"This is a settled maxim with all countries that
depend upon traffic. But as there is no rule that is
not liable to an exception, there are certainly some
cases in which it would be the interest of the "United
Provinces to declare war against Spain, notwith-
standing the inconvenience which the republic must
suffer from a suspension of her commerce."
Such was the attitude of the Dutch toward
Spain. Such may become the attitude of Great
Britain toward us.
I look with pleasing anticipations on the
results of the measure 1 advocate. 1 feel that
when it is in complete operation the people will
not be compelled again to look to a single man
for relief or safety, nor to no party will they
surrender their destinies, and to no Congress
as a point toward which they must turn their
eyes m anxious forebodings. The people will
have safety in the strength of their own posi-
tion. I am confident they will accept my meas-
ure, and that they will ultimately protect it as
the apple of their eye.
In conclusion, I pray the people of the South
to turn from the contemplation of their wrongs,
and the people of the North no longer to blame
the South as the cause of their sufferings. Let
them come to the conviction that the cause of
their troubles is in the imperfection of govern-
ment. Let them reflect thatan important ele-
ment in the Government, one that would have
given it superior strenglh and vitality, was
omitted. Let us set at once to workto remedy
the imperfection, and by the help and blessing
of God the bitterness engendered by the war
may be done away with, and we, as one peo-
ple, move onward to permanent prosperity and
.happiness, and to a higher and higher and
higher civilization.
Mr. Anthony rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sen-
ator from Rhode Islaud [Mr. Spbagde] con-
cluded?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I notice that my colleague
desires to propound a question to me. He
understands to whom I refer. The people of
Rhode Island understand! I shall not be cate-
chised by him. I shall answer whatever he
deems fit to say whenever I have carefully
considered the same.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not rise to cate-
chise my colleague. I am desirous of know-
ing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] is still
occupying the floor. He has not responded to
the Chair's inquiry whether he has concluded.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I yield the floor.
Mr. AN THONY. Mr. President——
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Rhode Island, I move that at
fifteen minutes of five o'clock the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. AN I'tlONY. I am content, so that I
have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that at fifteen minutes to five
o'clock the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Several Senators. Say five o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will say five.
I move that at five o'clock the Senate take a
recess until half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the uouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 405) authorizing the sub-
mission of the constitutions of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas to a vote of the people,
and authorizing the election of State officers
provided by the said constitutions and mem-
bers of Congress ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) to regulate
the hours of labor of Government laborers,
workmen, and mechanics.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 354) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30, 1869, and June 30,1S70,
and for other purposes, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon and had appointed Mr. F. C. Beaman
of Michigan, Mr. William Loughridge of
Iowa, and Mr. William E. Niblack of In-
diana, managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill [S. No. 11) to renew certain grants of
land to the State of Alabama; and
A bill (H. IT. No. 404) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of New Mexico imposing a
capitation tax on bovine cattle.
virginia, mississippi, and texas.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the bill in
relation to Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope not. I hope it
will lie on the table, and then it may be taken
up to-morrow. If it goes to the Judiciary Com-
mittee we know that when the report is made
to-morrow one objection will carry it over a
day. If it lies on the table it can be taken up
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the Senate
will order that the bill which has just come
over from the House be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am informed by the
Secretary that in order to have the bill printed
it must be read twice and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered. It is consid-
ered as read twice, and the order to print will
be entered.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, in answer to the resolution of
the Senate of the 27th of May last, in relation
to the subject of claims against Great Britain.
Mr. SUMNER. Accompanyingthatmessage
is a very voluminous correspondence relating
to our claims upon Great Britain which I have
slightly glanced at. With the little knowledge
I have of it now I do not feel able to make the
proper motion with regard to it. I will there-
fore ask that for the present it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie ob the
table for the present.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 354) making ap-
propriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal years ending June 30,1869,
and June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN,
Resolved, That, the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House oa the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho Sen-
ate be appointed by the Yice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
fessendeif, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Ramsey.
executive session.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island yield for that motion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
ljusiness. At five o'clock the doors were re-
opened and the Senate took a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to give me ten or fifteen
minutes of time to act on three or four bills
which it is important should be disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection if
they do not give rise to debate and I have the
floor at the end of the fifteen minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to postpose the con-
sideration of the pending business fifteen min-
utes. The Chaic.hears no objection.
adjutant general's department.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 43, concerning vacancies
in the adjutant general's department.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It provides that
the vacancies existing in the adjutant general's
Department at the tim^ of the passage of the act
approved March 3,1869, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, shall be
exempted from the operation of that act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know what that
means.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator it
means precisely this: nominations were sent
here to fill these vacancies, and a. bill passed
and was signed on the 1st day of March for-
bidding the filling of vacancies. We had not
time to act on the nominations before the 3d
of March. The result is that there is no Adju-
tant General of the Army now. General Thomas
has been retired, and there is only an Assistant
Adjutant General. This is to fill his place.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that the only office it applies to is
that of Adjutant General of the Army ?
Mr. WILSON. And the promotions that
follow it. The Adjutant General, General
Thomas, is retired: GeneralTownsend is pro-
moted. That makes one or two other promo-
tions follow.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the difficulty
under the law if these offices are provided for
by law in filling up the vacant places by nom-
ination and confirmation in the usual way?
Mr. WILSON. We passed a law, which was
signed on the 1st day of March, preventing
the filling up of vacancies in any of the staff
departments of the Army. We supposed when
we acted on that bill that we should get the
confirmation of an Adjutant General before
that bill became a law; but it so happened that
the bill was signed on the 1st of March and
the action of the Senate on the nominations
did not take place until the evening of the 3d
of March. So that that department was not
filled up at all. Had the confirmation pre-
ceded the approval of the bill we should not
have had any need of this action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Theu I understand it
merely in effect permits the office of Adjutant
General to be filled, and then one promotion
in line up to that.
Mr. WILSON. That is all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I have no objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
collection of s0ld[ers' claims.
Mi\ WILSON. I move now to take up Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 58 for the protection
of soldiers and their heirs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 58) for
the protection of soldiers and their heirs. It
proposes to direct the accounting officers of
the Treasury and pay department, who are
charged with the settlement and payment of
bounties due to soldiers or their heirs, to pay
or cause to be paid the sums found due to the
soldiers or their heirs in person, or by trans-
mitting the amount to them direct in a draft
