622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
he can in a word, what the effect will be now
under the first of these sections, I should be
very glad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so. The House
bill authorized the issue of prepaid stamps
for all the tobacco on hand which had paid
tax; but the mode of ascertaining that was so
indefinite and so dangerous that we were not
inclined to agree to it. We have provided a
mode by which all taxes paid after the passage
of the act of last July and prior to the time
when the stamps were furnished shall upon
their being paid the second time be refunded.
I am not entirely satisfied even with going that
far, but there was a kind of equity that seemed
to require something of that kind.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the-effect of the
first of these sections?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply to require a state-
ment to be made of the amount of the tobacco,
snuff, and cigars that paid the tax after the
20th of July, after the passage of the act of last
year and before the stamps were ready.
Mr. CONKLING. What precedes that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Nothing. That is the
first clause:
That any person having in his possession any snuff,
tobacco or cigars manufactured prior to the 23d day
of November, 1843, and after the 20th day of July,
1868, liable to a tax, &e.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the first section,
then, of this amendment that comes in place
of the second printed section of the bill ?
Mr. SHERI&AN. Yes, sir. Thenextsec-
tion requires the tax to be refunded, and the
third section is simply the fourth section of the
House bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will not require an apology if, in replying
to some portions of the extraordinary speech
to which we listened this afternoon, I do not
touch heavily upon the question under consid-
eration, which my colleague, in the larger part
of his remarks, altogether avoided. The Sen-
ate, too, from my long forbearance, will bear
witness to the reluctance with which I enter
upon this controversy, which has been forced
upon me. I can be silent under crude theories
of political economy and exploded schemes of
finance ; I can be silent under long extracts
from history and biography and in consequen-
tial and unconnected comments upon them; I
can remain silent under personal aspersions ;
but I will not remain silent, when men among
the most respectable of my constituents are
assailed, and when the honor of Rhode Island
is insulted.
I submit, in the first place. Mr. President,
that if a newspaper with which I have for
many years been connected is to become the
daily subject of discussion in this body, it should
receive the treatment that is accorded to other
matters that are properly under our consider-
ation ; it should be referred to a committee,
and the reports of the committee should lie over
one day, unless by unanimous consent. Other-
wise, as I am little in the habit of parading the
concerns of my private business before the
Senate, I may not be ready to take part in dis-
cussions of matters which, however improperly
•obtruded, I cannot altogether ignore.
My colleague, with a perversity of judgment
which I can as little explain as I can any of his
speeches, latterly, persists that a friendly par-
agraph in the Providence Journal, and upon
which he has already commented, was an attack
upon Ins mercantile credit. How absurd was
thechargelneednothaveexpressed, but unwil-
ling to believe that my colleague was actuated
by a positive and predetermined purpose to
force a quarrel upon me, I took immediate occa-
sion to disavow the construction which he and
nobody else put upon this harmless paragraph.
Mr. President, he might as well have said that
it was an attack upon his religious feith or
upon his personal appearance. Now, so far as
the Providence Josi'nal is concerned, I should
not at any period, much less  t this late day of
the session, occupy the timeofi.be Senate with
 ny further discussion upon that subject. I
leave the Journal to take care of itself. Its
own columns will furnish its own defense.
But, sir, I shall not sit silent and see ray
constituents unjustly assailed. It has pleased
my colleague to drag before the Senate the
name of an eminent banking and manufactur-
ing house in Rhode Island, and to charge upon
its members the responsibility of a paragraph
with which they had no more to do than you,
Mr. President, which perhaps they never saw
till my colleague gave it such singular notori-
ety. Whether it be an honor or a discredit to
be connected in any way with the Providence
Journal, except as among its readers, these
gentlemen cannot claim the one, nor are they
liable to the other. They have no more to do
with the Providence Journal than they have
with the South Bend Register, a paper formerly
edited by the Vice President. I question if
they would thank me for defending them against
an allegation so ridiculous, or against the more
serious charges which my colleague has brought
against them to-day; yet since the names of
private citizens of most respectable character,
my constituents, have been draggednnto this
Chamber, and held up to reproach by one who,
as one of their representatives, should have
been among the first to defend them, I shall
not suffer the subject to pass from the con-
sideration of those whose attention has been
called to it, till I have said that it is a name
of high respectability in Rhode Island and
throughout the country. The men who first
made it respectable antedate the Revolution,
and it furnished a member of the Continental
Congress. Those who have borne the name
have inherited, with the wealth which came
with it, that which does not always accompany
wealth, which too seldom goes with wealth
rapidly acquired—a sense of theresponsibilities
as well as the power of money. Riclrwithout
ostentation, powerful without arrogance, they
enjoy a political influence which they use for
what they deem the public good, and not for
their own personal ambition. The wealthiest
men in the State, no one overheard them boast
of their money; the largest manufacturers in
the State, I think the largest in this country—
but there may be some greater in Massachu-
setts or New Jersey—no one has heard them
vaunt the establishments which they have built
up, or the variety and perfection of the fabrics
which they produce. They do not so manage
their business as to crush "out the business of
others. Their prosperity is not based upon the
ruin of their neighbors.
_ One member of that House was for a long
time the president of the New England Emi-
grant Aid Company, to the funds of which he
largely contributed. The services which that
organization rendered to freedom, what it did
toward bringing Kansas into the Union a State,
my friend from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] bears
cheerful testimony, as I see by his expression.
When the rebellion broke out, there was but
one member of that house within the military
age, or at all near its limits. Rising from a bed
of slow and impatient convalescence, he has-
tened to offer his sword to his country. He
volunteered in the naval service, to which his
tastes and habits inclined him. Hevolunteered
in his own yacht, which «as armed and used
by the Government, and for which, as well as
for his own services, he declined any compen-
sation. His record is a most honorable one.
He stood, by the side of Burnside, on the prow
of the Pickett, when that adventurous boat,
amid storm and darkness, over shoals and
obstacles, pushed her daring course into Hat-
teras inlet, where the gallant general received
the surrender of fifteen thousand rebels. He
rendered valuable service in the Potomac flo-
tilla, which at one time, in the absence of his
superior in rank, he commanded. Exhausted
by his exposures and labors in unhealthy posi-
tions, he carried his shattered constitution
abroad, and died in a foreign land, died of
disease which, although not contracted in the
service, was greatly aggravated, and the fatal
result of which was hastened by it.
The senior partner in this house had an
only son, as promising a young man as ever
rewarded a father's care orreturned a mother's
affection; educated, traveled, accomplished,
ingenuous, modest, pious, the heir to great
estates. Leaving a home embellished vvitli
everything that wealth and affectiou could
lavish upon it, he entered the Army. After
honorable service, he rendered up his young
life on the bloody field of Antietam, fighting
with Burnside and falling with Rodman. He
survived the fatal wound long enough for
some of his nearest kindred to reach his dying
bed and to receive his last words—words of
high courage and hope and consolation. They
were the words of a patriot and a Christian,
mingled with messages to his friends and re-
quests for benefactions to the church of which
he was a member and to the charities of which
he was.a supporter. Not underestimating the
value and the pleasures of life, reckoning at
their full worth his own advantages of for-
tune and of affection, he held that all these
only garlanded the sacrifice which he willingly
laid upon the altar of his country, and that he
never dies too young who dies for freedom and
fatherland. Dulce et decorum est pro patria
mori. He felt that he had done his duty,
that his State would cherish his memory, and
that those who lamented his fate would nevei
blush for his conduct. Little did he think that
a Rhode Island Senator would rise in this
Chamber, and attempt to belittle the sacrifice
which he had made.
I know that I am carried too far, that I am
intruding upon the privacy of domestic life,
when I relate an anecdote of a woman, who is
also one of this house, by inheritance from her
father—a widowed mother, of venerable years
and of exemplary virtues, being called upon in
the course of the war for a subscription in
aid of one of our regiments, she said, as she
laid down the pen, after complying with the
application, " Tell those whom you represent
that I have given so many thousand dollars
and three sons to the war, and that I have
more of both, if my country needs them." A
saying worthy of a Spartan mother or a Roman
matron in the best days of Sparta and Rome.
And these are the persons—private citizens,
holding no public place, intruding themselves
nowhere before us—whose names are dragged
before the Senate by one of their own Sen-
ators, and held up to obloquy; and for what?
Because a newspaper, printed in their town,
with which they have no more connection than
yon have, said that the Senator took too gloomy
a view of public affairs when he held that there
was neither credit in commerce, intelligence in
men, or virtue in society.
But individuals are not sufficient to gratify
the vengeance of my colleague. He assails the
whole State, by charging the first regiment with
pusillanimity and Burnside with incompetency,
if not with cowardice. Burnside incompetent!
What does Tennessee say to that ? What does
Indiana say to that? What does Ohio say
to that? What does North Carolina say to
that? I know what Rhode Island will say to it.
The first regiment fills one of the proudest
chapters in the history of Rhode Island. Spring-
ing to arms at the sound of the first gun on
Sumter, it was composed of some of the finest
young men in the State. They came from all
classes and conditions of our people. The
millionaire stood shoulder to shoulder with
the mechanic, the student with the plow-boy,
each respecting the other, all animated by a
common purpose and burning with a common
patriotism. And though the unfortunate field
of Bull Run was lost, it was lost by lack of dis-
cipline and military experience, not by lack
of valor; least of all by lack of valor on the
part of the Rhode Island troops or of the
gallant soldier who led them. I shall not do-
tain the Senate with any defense of them or
of their leader. It is not necessary here: at
home I would as soon attempt to prove the
multiplication table. He who has assailed them
is the one that needs defense.
There is one other part of my colleague's
remark's in a fonner speech which [ regard aa
