624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
And when questioned why, if he is so pros-
perous, others, engaged in simitar business, are
overwhelmed with ruin, he replies in the ex-
traordinary statement which I will quote in his
own words: " My prosperity is owing to the
breaking down of everybody engaged in the
same interest with me." It is not forme to dis-
pute the principles on which men conduct their
own business, but I am happily able to relieve
him of the natural apprehension which he must,
feel of the damaging effect upon his fellow-
citizens, who rejoice in his prosperity, quite
unconscious that it has been built on the ruin
of their own. The manufacturing interest, in
our State, and throughout the country, is not
crowded out beneath the weight of his gains,
nor from any other cause. There are spinners
in Rhode Island whose business is as exten-
sive, and I have no reason to doubt that their
business is conducted with equal skill; and,
leaving out exceptional cases of fortunate or
uufortunate operations, I can see no reason why
it should not be conducted with equal success.
My colleague is not the only man who under-
stands his business, if he be the only one who
regaids it as an assault upon his credit to bo
told that he gives attention to his business.
There are men in Rhode Island on whom the
pressure of money does not fall, for they do
not have occasion to borrow it. If they did
not in the long run find it more profitable to
employ their capital in spinning than in bank-
ing, they would not put their investments in
the former ; and if spinners who work, as most
of them do, on borrowed capital did not find
it profitable in the long run and taking one
year with another to pay the rates, they would
not continue the business. But-I am not going
to discuss questions of finance. I do not know
even so much on that subject as the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessendex] and the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
We are suffering no evils at home such as
my colleague holds up to a horrified country.
Tiic manufacture of textile fabrics has some-
what exceeded the demand, and, by the plain-
est law of political economy, the over supply
presses oil the price. But it is not on account
of any crushing out to which others have been
subjected by ihe operation of the same law
which has conducted another man to greater
prosperity. In the present stagnation of busi-
ness, and in the present stringency of money—
a little relieved, [ am happy to note, by the
last accounts—some of the mills may be com-
pelled to stop, some of the weaker ones may
go to the wall. These are the ordinary changes
and chances of trade. They occur periodically,
but the returning wave of prosperity washes
away the wrecks that were stranded, in the last
year's disaster, and advances still further the
high- water mark of national wealth. When I last
heard from the valley of my native river, the
busy hum of industry resounded through all
its meandering course. High above the roar-
ing of the falling waters, every drop taxed to
the full extent of its motive pow.er, rose the
souud of the whirling spindle and the sharp
clatter of the loom. And daily, with the morn-
ing sun, thousauds upon thousands of con-
tented people, men and women, rose from
tables, spread with wholesome food, left their
comfortable dwellings, and resorted to the
avocations of honest and healthful toil. An
ancient mill which throws its evening shadow
over the house where [ was born, and a portion
of which descended to me, with my modest
patrimony, was in full, and those who managed
it thought not altogether unprofitable, opera-
tion. And although within pistol-shot of a
newer and, I think, much larger establishment,
belonging to the power which marches to
wealth over the ruins of competition, it still
dared to turn its presumptuous wheels, "and to
roll out the fleecy fabric, as it had done from
a period before my colleague was born, before
I was born. And if its operations were not so
profitable as might be desired by its stock-
holders, it yielded abundant reward to those
who were engaged in the production. Nay,
those who manage it, all unaware that they
stand "on the brink of au avalanche,"—in
which exceedingly uncomfortable position ray
colleague left the industrial interests of the
country a few days ago: and as they were not
to be relieved till his bill for loaning out the
money of the Government to Wall streetopera-
tors had passed, I presume they are there
still—have audaciously laid the foundations of
another and a larger mill. The financial rain
and the moral degradation which my colleague
has discovered had not penetrated that ''happy
valley." If, as I believe, the ruin and desola-
tion, the corruption and degradation, exist only
in the imagination of the man who paints it,
let him console himself, that as he has de-
tected evils that no one else has seen, he has
invented a remedy that no one else would have
thought of.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
joseph p. fyffe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up and pass a little private
bill, the only one in which I have any interest,
which has been reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. It is House bill No. 358. I
suppose there will be no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. II. No. 358) for the relief
of Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
States Navy. It directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay Joseph P. Fyffe,
commander United States Navy, the differ-
ence between the pay of a lieutenant and that
of a lieutenant commander on tlie active list,
from the 16th day of July, 1862, to the 2d of
March, 1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
joun e. reeside.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up Senate joint resolution No. 2.
Mr. CONKLlNG. What is it?
The Chief Clerk. "A joint resolution (S.
R. No. 2) for the relief of John B. Reeside."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Senators are calling up
private bills. There is a public bill 
Mr. HARLAN. Let this be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of this joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for one moment to a public
bill which ought to be passed, and which is
one of the measures which it was understood
would be acted upon at this session. I refer
to the bill to enforce the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment; and I think we had better
take it up and act upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. This resolution will take
but a minute or two.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not interpose any
objection to the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for
the relief of John E. Reesido. It directs the
Quartermaster General to settle and pay, upon
the bills of lading, the accounts of John E.
Reeside, for transportation of public stores at
the contract price, for the amount of public
stores actually transported under his contract,
dated April 4, 1867, on route No. 2, for Kan-
sas, Colorado, and New Mexico.
Mr. CONKLlNG. From what committee
does this come?
Mr. HARLAN. From the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Does the Senator know
that it is all right?
Mr. HaRLAN. I,believe it to be perfectly
right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report ?
Mr. HARLAN. There is a printed report
accompanying the joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report
read.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Thayer from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs on the 2d instant:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the Senate joint re-oluiioo No. 2, for the
relief of John E. Reesido, having had the samo
under consideration, respectfully beg leave to report:
The testimony before the committee shows tiiat.
John E. Reesido was the contractor on route No. 2
lor the year 1867; that he commenced in good faitti
to carry out his contract, but unprecedented rains
deluged the country, and for weeKs at a time the
roads were imp.iss.ible, bridge-; swept, awav, and tho
streams not fordable; that about this time tho Indian
war brolto out, and freighters could not be induced
to go on tho road without extraordinary compensa-
tion; with combination of other circumstances over
which he had no control, rendered it impossible to
carry out this contract without any fault or neglect
of his own. These facts are fully substantiated and
proven by the letters of General Hancock, Captain
Bradley, the quartermaster at Fort'Riley, General
Easton, chief quartermaster department of Missouri,
General Rucker, acting quartermaster general, and
uncontradicted affidavits of parties who are fully
conversant with the facts.
As nothing is asked but the payment of John K.
Reesidefor the workdoneunderalmost insurmount-
able difficulties, and as the evidence all shows he is
entitled to it, the committee recommend tho passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to inquire of the
Senator having knowledge of this matter
whetherwe pay this person at his own price,
or according to contract price so far as he op-
erated ?
Mr. HARLAN. According to the contract
price as far as he has performed the work, and
no further.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 367.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire what
that is ?
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (H. R. No.
367) making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869, and the year ending
June 30. 1870."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
called up to-night.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be read at length.
It will not take a minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know what it is with-
out its being read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. Ft appropriates the suni of
$2,000,000 for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and the year ending June 30, 1870, to be
expended for the repair, extension, preserva-
tion, and completion of works for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors under the direction
of the Secretary of War; and the Secretary
of War is authorized to cause such expendi-
tures to be made so as best to subserve the
interests of commerce; and he is required to
report to Congress, at the opening of its De-
cember session, all expenditures tnade under
the provisions of the act up to that time in
detail.
^Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it that that bill
will necessarily lead to debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all. It will lead
to no debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations is not here.
Mr. CHANDLER. He was here a moment
ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not. suppose that
a bill appropriating $2,000,000 is to pass with-
out consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. It received the consid-
eration of the Committee on Commerce, and
that is sufficient.
