THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
qualifya man from holding office under a State
for one offense, why not for any other? If ^
man violates any one of the provisions of the
revenue laws why may not tl>e court sentence
him to disqualification for office ? 1 know some
Senators will not agree with me in my views
of the last clause of the fourteenth amendment.
They think that it confers a broader power
upon Congress than was conferred by the famil-
iar clause which was in the original Constitu-
tion. I have only to say that after giving the
subject the greatest consideration of which I
am capable I believe that it is not one particle
broader than that original provision.
The Senator from Kentucky has well said
that the fact of having previously taken an oath
to support the Constitution did not add such a
deep dye to the crime of treason that the peo-
ple thought it was a crime never to be for-
given, for they have provided in the Constitu-
tion that two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress may relieve a party from all disabilities,
not only relieved from punishment, but abso-
lutely rehabilitated and made capable of hold-
ing office again. That is what the people have
said that two thirds of both branches of Con-
gress may declare by their votes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Coxk-
ling in the chair.) Will the Senator from
Ohio give way to allow a message to be received
fx'om the House of Representatives ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
indian appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of I he
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. N o.
123) making appropriations for the current and
contingent, expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
80, 1870.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Ohio be good enough to allow me to call up
the Indian appropriation bill?
Mr. THURMAN. I will not occupy five
minutes more of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am obliged to go to
another committee of conference, which is
now sitting. It will take but a moment to
accomplish what I wish.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of
conference of the two Houses on the Indian
appropriation bill have agreed upon a report,
which has been adopted by the House, and I
submit the report on the part of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. It. wo. 123) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1870, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 0, 18, 25. 63, 64. 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72,
73, 74, 75, 76, 78. 79. 80. 81. 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89,
125,140,141, 142,145.
That, the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 2. 4. 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14,19, 20,21,22, 23,
24, 26, 27, 28, 31, 34, 35, ?6, 37, 38, 39, 40,41, 43,44, 45,46,
ii' S' §2' 51- 82' 53' 5i- 55> 59- 60- *31.62,77, 90.91,92,
?7- 9S- "• 10°- 101- lu2- 103' 1°4- J®. 306,
Wn' i§?* i U1'112' 113- n4- 115.110,117,118,119,
il' Ws 127i128.130,131,132,135,136,137,138,
L 'I n ' au" a«ree to the same.
inat the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same, with an ameudment, as follows: in line
six of said amendment strike out all after the word
and to the end of said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof the following words: "twenty-five thou-
r and dollai s: Provided, That thesaid sum, if accepted,
shall he m lull for the claim of said Blackburn as
above stated:" and the Senate agree to the same.
lhat the Senate recede from theirdisagreementto
the amendment of the House to the fifty-seventh
amendment of the Senate; and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House tothe one hundred and
forty-sixth amendment of the Senate; and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from all of their one hun-
dred and fifty-second amendment after tiie enacting
clause, and the House recede from their amendment
to the same, and agree to the section in the follow-
ing words, to wit:
That there be appropri"ted the further sum of
$2,000,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
enable the President to maintain the peace among
and with the various tribes, bands, and parties of
Indians, and to promote civilization amongsaid In-
dians, bring them, where practicable, upon reserva-
tions, relieve their necessities, and encourage their
efforts at self-support, a report of all expenditures
under this appropriation to be made in detail to
Congress in December next; and for the purpose of
enabling the President to execute the powers con-
ferred by this act he is hereby authorized, at his dis-
cretion, to organize a board of eommisssoners, to
consist of not more than ten persons, to be selected
by him from men eminent for their intelligence and
philanthropy, to serve without pecuniary compen-
sation, who may, under his discretion, exercise joint
control with the Secretary of the Interior over the
disbursement of the appropriations made by this act
or any part thereof that the President may designate;
and to pay the necessary expenses of transportation,
subsistence, and clerk hire of said commissioners
while actually engaged in said service there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of 125,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained, or in any of the pro visions thereof,
shall be so construed as to ratify or approve any
treaty made with any tribes, bands, or parties of
Indians since the 20th of July, 1867.
W. P. FESSENDEN,
JAxWES HABLAN.
M'.inO'jei a on the part of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES.
JOHN A BINGHAM,
JAMES B. BECK,
Managers oil the put.t of the Mouse,
The report was concurred in.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 114) to enforce the fourteenth article of
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thubman] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. When I gave way I was
speaking of what the people thought of this
crime as shown by their granting authority to
two thirds of Congress to remove all disabil-
ities. What did this Senate think of it when
it confirmed the nomination of James Long-
street to an important office ? He had taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States. It is true he did not fall within
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution;
but he had taken a solemn oath to support the
Constitution of the United States as a cadet
when he entered West Point, and at each step
of his promotion ; and if theie was auy man
who ought to have felt bound by his oath I
submit that it was a soldier and an officer in the
Army of the United States. And yet the Sen-
ate did not consider his crime of that deep dye
that he ought not to be confirmed for an im-
portant office under the Government of the
United States. And now what you have sanc-
tioned in him you make a crime punishable
by fine, imprisonment, and perpetual disfran-
chisement in the poorest and humblest and
lowest individual that can be found in the whole
country if he happens to hold or attempts to
hold an office under the Government of the
United States or of a State.
_ Why, sir, what would you do if some other
disqualification for holding office were under
consideration? This is the first time in my
life that I ever heard of a man being indicted
and punished for holding or attempting to hold
an office. Suppose we go further; suppose
there were a proposition here that if any man
who was not born within the United States and
had not been naturalized, or in a word an
alien, should hold or attempt to hold an office
in the United States, under the Federal Gov-
ernment or the government of a State, he
should be punished by fine, imprisonment, and
perpetual disqualification, how many votes
would it get in this Senate? Suppose it were
proposed to punish by fine, imprisonment, and
perpetual disqualification for office any minor
who should hold or attempt to hold an office ;
how many votes would it get here ? And
where are you to stop if you once begin on
legislation of this kind? What is to be the
circle outside of which you are not to step, if
you once begin to visit with pains and penal-
ties, imprisonments, fines, and the worst of
all, because the most degrading of punish-
ments, a disqualification like this? It will
not do to say these men were rebels. If j-ou
are ever to restore that good feeling which we
all so much desire, and which every Senator on
this floor professes, and no doubt honestly, to
desire so igiucii, it is not by such bills ot pains
and penalties as this that we are to bring it
about.
Mr. President, perhaps I have spoken some-
what warmly upon this subject; but I cannot
help entering my protest against what seems
to me to be a novelty in legislation, and a
novelty that cannot recommend itself to the
sober second thought even of the honorable
gentlemen who have reported it to the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the amend-
ment to the bill now presented proceeds upon
the presumption that a person holding office in
contravention of the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution is in office;
that he is an officer de facto, and that all his acts
as such officer must, inter partes, be regarded
as valid and legal. I think I do not misstate
the theory upon which the bill must be founded.
The fourteenth article of amendment declares
that a certain class of persons shall not hold
office or be eligible to office either in the Fed-
eral Government or the government of any
State. That is the fundamental rule before
which all our legislation and all the legislation
of the States must bow and yield. I am by no
means certain that the acts of an officer hold-
ing office in contravention of that article of the
Constitution would be valid, even between the
parties to the suit or any other transaction that
took place before him. I am not quite pre-
pared to say that the judgment even of a court
exercising functions in violation of that article
of the Constitution would be valid. It is a
question of some difficulty, I confess. But,
sir, I shall nevertheless vote for the first section
of this bill, although I entertain very serious
doubts of the necessity for it. If the person
claiming to hold an office is in fact as well as
de jure no officer, if instead of being in office
he is actually out of office by virtue of that
clause of the Constitution, then it is somewhat
difficult to see the propriety of instituting the
proceeding of quo warranto for the purpose,
in the language of the first section, of removing
him from office. I cannot exactly understand
that; but still I am willing to support the bill
rather for the purpose of removing doubt than
otherwise.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, who
moves to strike out the second section, has
difficulty in seeing the source of authority
claimed for punishing a person who holds office
in a State in violation of the fourteenth article.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allon
me to interrupt him?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator quite mis-
conceives me. The difficulty I have is that it
is to be part of the sentence of a Federal court
that a man shall be disqualified from holding
office under a State.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, Mr. President.
That does not change the status of the issue
between us, that I perceive, or the nature of it.
I think I discover very clearly the source of
this authority. The fourteenth amendment
declares—
''That no person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath," &c.
There is a positive fundamental prohibition
against any person falling within this category
to hold office even in a State. He is prohibited
by the express terms of the article from doing
so. Now, suppose he does so or attempts to
do so in the teeth of this prohibition, have not
Congress, under the last clause of the amend-
ment which declares that "the Congress shall
have power to enforce by appropriate legisla-
tion the provisions of this article," power to
punish him for this violation of the Constitu-
tion ? Most surely.
