1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. THUKMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him again?
Mr. HOWARD. Yea, sir.
Mr. THIJRMAN. That is not at all the
proposition that 1 was discussing. I have not
denied the right of Congress to punish a man
for holding office, whether it be State or Fede-
ral. if he holds it in violation of the'fourteenth
article. It was the last clause of this bill which
says that he, as a part of the punishment, shall
be .disqualified from ever holding a State office,
that I objected to specially.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I was com-
ing directly to that. That is incorporated in
the punishment as a part of the punishment—a
prohibition henceforth to hold office in a State.
He is prohibited by the fourteenth article to
exercise such an office. He attempts to exer-
cise it or actually exercises it. Now, what in-
compatibility, I ask, is there between that por-
tion of the punishment and any other portion
of the punishment? How is that particular
portion of the punishment prohibited either by
the Constitution, by the common law, or by
common sense? The Constitution declares
that he shall not hold this office in a State;
and if he attempts to do it can we not say that
he shall forever be disqualified for doing an
act in direct violation of the prohibitions of
the Constitution? Certainly; I see not the
slightest difficulty in it.
But there seems to be lurking in the mind
of the honorable Senator from Ohio the idea
that there is something in the nature of State
sovereignty or State rights which lifts the ac-
cused so high that he cannot be reached by a
penalty inflicted under an act of Congress for
attempting to hold an office in a State. Well,
sir, if there be such a State right as is implied
in the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, if the State privilege be of the character
he contends for now, it utterly annuls and
destroys the third section of ihe fourteenth
amendment so far as holding office in a State
is concerned. In other words, a State may
confer this privilege upon an unrepentant rebel,
and he may hold and exercise the office given
hitn by a State in open and secure defiance of
the prohibition of the fourteenth amendment.
Surely I do not suppose the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio would set up a claim like this
in favor of a State, that its edict should over-
ride or could override a solemn clause of the
Constitution of the United States, an instru-
ment which declares that the Constitution itself
and the laws passed thereunder shall be the
supreme law of the land? If it be the supreme
law of the land, then the law of the State, be
it in the form of a constitution or of a statute,
is subordinate to the supreme law, and must
yield to its mandate. That is no new doctrine,
certainly, to the honorable Senator from Ohio.
Again, sir, he complains that thesecond sec-
tion of this bill inflicts a severe penalty for a
crime which he seems to regard as inconsider-
able, I will not say insignificant. What is the
crime for which a man is thus punished in
reality? What is the motive lying at the bot-
tom of the third clause of the fourteenth arti-
cle? Plainly this: that a man who has once
held a Federal office or a State office, and has,
as required by the Constitution of his country,
taken an oatli to support the Constitution of
the United States, and has afterward broken
that oath, committed perjury, deliberately for-
sworn himself by drawing his sword against
his country and attempting to overthrow the
Constitution, shall not be eligible to office.
That is the motive of the third clause of the
fourteenth article; and that article declares
that he shall not, having committed that great
crime, again be intrusted with the performance
of official duties, either of a Federal character
or of a State character. Why? Because a
man who has once committed perjury is not
again to be trusted. It is onlv an illustration
of the saying of the ancient Grecian philoso-
pher, who on being asked what ought to be the
punishment of a man who had told a lie delib-
erately, answered "not to be believed even
when he has spoken the truth." That is no
new doctrine, 1 trust, to the honorable Senator
from Ohio. He has practiced law too long in
the courts of Ohio not to have applied and
insisted on frequently the doctrine of the law
of evidence—falsus in uno falsus in omnibus.
Besides, this second section not only pun-
ishes for the crime of holding office, but at its
foundation lies this other idea: it punishes
the person for committing the double crime
of perjury; first, in breaking his oath to his
country, the Constitution of which he had
sworn to support; and secondly, for deliber-
ately taking another oath to support the same
Constitution of his country, which declares, in
the third section of the fourteenth amendment,
that he shall not hold that office. Is not that
sufficient? Is a man who will commit perjury
twice in succession against the Constitution of
his country a proper person to hold office? Is
he not a party who ought to be punished even
with imprisonment, even with disqualification
to hold or exercise office?
Sir, with great respect, surely, for the opin-
ions of the honorable Senator from Ohio, I
can hardly conceive that he has seriously and
fully investigated the principles which lie at
the bottom of this bill and the principles upou
which the third clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment was founded.
While I am up I beg to call the attention of
my honorable friend from Illinois to one amend-
ment, which I think ought to be made to the
second section of the bill. It is claimed that
thissection contemplates two offenses ; the first
that of holding and exercising actually and in
fact an office contrary to the third clause of the
fourteenth amendment, and the second is the
attempt to commit that crime; for the bill says
" or who shall attempt to hold or exercise the
duties of any such office." I hardly think we
should retain that clause. In the first place, it
will be extremely difficult to determine, upon
the facts of the ease that may arise, what is an
attempt to hold and exercise an office. How
would a court naturally hold; what facts would
it require to be presented to a jury in order to
make out the attempt to hold an office? It is very
difficult for me to see how that could be made
out, and as the other offense is one perfectly
well known, easily determined, both in fact and
ia law, I should think this clause was unneces-
sary in the bill, and at the proper time I shall
move to strike it out, for I deem it superfluous.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very unwilling to
occupy any more of the time of the Senate at
this late hour of the night; but I cannot per-
mit the remarks of the Senator from Michigan,
whose known legal abilities and whose great
weight in the country attract attention to every-
thing he may say, to pass without notice, flis
position is such as to make it material to every
one to respectfully answer whatever objections
he may present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if he will give way for a motion to ad-
journ ? It is very late.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall not occupy the
Senate ten minutes, and I hope the Senator
from Vermont will allow me to say what I have
to say.
It is upon no fanciful idea of State sover-
eignty that I based the objection that I made
to the puuishment prescribed by this bill. I
am willing to take any definition of the rights
of the States that the Senator from Michigan
himself will give : and I think he will not dis-
agree with me that the right to prescribe the
qualifications for office and the disqualifica-
tions—I speak now of State offices—belongs
to each State respectively, limited only by the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States. I think everyone will agree to that.
Very well, then ; what are the limitations in the
Constitution of the United States upon the
right to hold State offices? There is this lim-
itation in the fourteenth amendment which dis-
qualifies certain persons from holding either
Federal or State offices. Undoubtedly that is
binding on every State. I have not contended
for a moment that any State cam disregard
that. -
But that provision in the Constitution is
coupled with another provision, that Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House,
remove that disability. That is what the peo-
ple have said in the Constitution ; and that is
the limitation which is upon the States, that
no person who is within the class mentioned
in the third section of the fourteenth article
shall hold an office unless his disabilities have
been removed. That is the only limitation
upon the power of the State to prescribe the
qualifications of officeholders under the State.
But now what does the judgment or sentence
provided for by this bill presuibe? It is pro-
vided that, as part of the sentence for a crime
committed against the Federal Constitution,
the individual shall be forever disqualified to
hold any office under a State. It does not leave
the disqualification under the fourteenth article,
for if it left it there it could be removed by a
two-thirds vote of Congress, but it makes it a
sentence of a court that that individual shall
be forever disqualified from holding any office
either under the Federal Government or under
;i State. Congress may the very next day after
that sentence is pronounced, by a unanimous
vote of both Houses, remove the disability, but
it cannot annul that sentence, for Congress
has no pardoning power whatsoever. The par-
doniug power belongs to the Executive. That
is the difficulty.
If you pass this law and a man is convicted
under it, and you remove his disabilities the
next day, he is still to be disqualified, accord-
ing to the language of this bill, from holding
any office. Disqualified by what? By the Con-
stitution? Not at all; for under the Constitu-
tion you have removed his disabilities. Dis-
qualified by the State constitution or laws?
Not at all ; for they do not disqualify him, bat
disqualified simply by an act of Congress, and
by an act of Congress that takes away from
Congress the right to. remove his disabilities
and restore again his eligibility to office,
say that Congress, in my humble^ judgment,
has no such power as that. That is the ques-
tion I was arguing, and not the question
whether Congress could set the Constitution
at defiance.
None of the gentlemen who have spoken
have answered the objection I made to this
section. If any man holds a Federal office in
violation of the fourteenth amendment he must
commit perjury in order to hold it, for he must
take the test-oath; and if he is disqualified
under the fourteenth amendment and takes the
test-oath he is guilty of perjury, and the act
prescribing the test-oath provides for bis pun-
ishment as a perjurer, and to that this second
section superadds another conviction and
another punishment. You punish him twice.
You punish him for the perjury and theu you
punish him again for holding the office. No-
body has answered that.
Again, Mr. President, it is said by the hon-
orable Senator that I ought to know that/a&M«
in uno, falsus in omnibus. Is that the princi-
ple upon which we go, that because these men
have once sworn to support the Constitution
and afterward went into rebellion they are
never afterward to be trusted? If that is so,
I pray the Senator from Michigan to tell me
why it is that Congress passes disability bills
and relieves men from their disabilities by the
hundred? If the doctrine is true that once
having forsworn themselves they are never to
be trusted, how is it that this Senate but yes-
terday passed a bill relieving one thousand
men from the disabilities of the fourteenth
amendment and qualified them to hold office ?
My honorable friend from Michigan did not
rise then and say to the Senate, falsus M
uno. falsus in omnibus ; these men were per-
jured once, and never can be trusted again.
These are all the remarks I desire to make ;
and I beg pardon of the Senate for having
occupied so much of their time. I have no
more feeling upon this bill than any one else.
