630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
With great respect to those who advocate it, I
cannot help but consider it as a blot upon our
legislation should it ever find a place in our
statute book. I hope the motion to strike out
the second section will prevail.
Mr. MOHTON. The proposition of the
Senator from Obio, as I understand it, is that
the provision in this second section providing
as a part of the punishment that any one con
victed shall forever be made ineligible to hold
any office is in conflict with the provision in
the fourteenth article which enables Congress
by a two-thirds vote to relieve any one from
disabilities. Is that tbe proposition?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; and therefore the
act would be" unconstitutional and void.
Mr. MORION. I understand that to be the
proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator if he
will give way to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. MORTON. I cannot. I hope we shall
finish this bill. I will take but a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. Not only dp I say it is
inconsistent with that provision of the Consti-
tution, but I say further that no power is con-
ferred upon Congress to provide any such dis-
qualification for holding office under a State.
Mr. MORTON. The disability provided in
the third section of the fourteenth article is a
bar to holding office. The theory of it is that
Congress may for good cause, for good con-
duct, or for subsequent loyally, remove that
bar and allow the person to take office after
that time. But suppose a man attempts or
exercises the functions of an office before the
disability is removed, that, under this bill,
becomes amisdeineanor, and that misdemeanor
may be punished in such way as the law may
prescribe. It may be punished by imprison-
ment ; it may be punished by line ; or it may
be punished by makirg hitn ineligible to hold
any office after that time. Therefore this in-
eligibility under the law comes in as a punish-
ment for tiie offense. It is a punishment that
may be inflicted for larceny, for burglary, or
for any misdemeanor. It is a part of the pun-
ishment; and [ see no objeononto fixing it as
part of the punishment in this case more than
the others 1 have stated. Suppose after a man
has been thus made ineligible Congress should
come forward and remove his disabilities, what
would be the effect of that?
The removal of the disabilities would take
effect from the time of the action of Congress ;
but he has been punished by the decision of a
court for a misdemeanor committed before
that time, and that punishment would stand
as having been inflicted by virtue of the law;
and I think it is a very proper punishment for
a man who attempts to hold office in violation
of the Constitution of the U uited States. The
Sena-or says that when lie takes that office it
myoives peijury in taking tbe oath.. I say that
it is very proper as a punishment that lie shall
never afterward be allowed to hold any office.
There is no inconsistency whatever between that
and I he provision of the Constitution. It is a
part of the punishment that may be attached
to any offense, and is attached to very many
by State laws and by Federal laws.
judicial system.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial
system of the United States, with an amend-
ment ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn. 'There is no hope of getting a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to withdraw the motion to allow me
to move concurrence in the House amendment
to the judicial bill.
Mr EDilUND.S. YTe can do that in the
morning. 1 insist on my motion that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up and concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to our
ameudments to the judicial bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to look at that,
and I object, to action at the present time.
Mr. TitUMBQLL. Then I move to suspend
the business under consideration for tbe pur-
pose of acting on that amendment.
Mr. EDMUND^. You cannot suspend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I move to post-
pone the bill under consideration for the pur-
pose of taking up the judicial bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order. The Senator from Illinois moves
to postpone the present and all prior orders of
business for th3 purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the amendments to the bill
(S. No. 44) to amend the judicial system of
the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the amendments
of the Senate to the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial
system of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I move that the
Senate concur in the amendment made by the
House of Representatives to our amendments.
Mr. edjiua'ds. i want to hear it read,
so as to understand it.
The PRES i D NO OFFICER. The House
amendment, will be read.
Tbe Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of liepre-ientatives, which was in line
three of section five of the Senate amendments
to the House amendinentafterthe word "who"
to insert "having held his commission as such
at least ten years;" so as to make the section
read:
That any judge of any court of the United States
who, having held his coaimii on :is su<*h at least ton
years, sha I, after having attained the age nfseventy
years, resign his office, sli ill thereafter, during the
ref due of his natural life, receive the saiae salary
which was by law payable to him, &e. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was concurred in.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker had signed tbe following
enrolled bills and joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 8-58) for the relief of
Joseph P. Fjffe, commander in the United
States Navv ;
A bill (H. R. No. 867) making an appro-
priation for the improvement of rivers and
harbors for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and the year ending June 30,1870 ; and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 43) concern-
ing vacancies in the adjutant general's depart-
ment.
army judge advocates.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill (H. R. No. 124)
to declare and fix the status of judge advocates
of the Army.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When this
bill was formerly under consideration, a mo-
tion was made and carried to postpone it
indefinitely, and the question now is on recon-
sidering the resolution by which the Senate
postponed the bill indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read for
information.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. ABBOTT. This bill has been reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs. I have
tried to get it up several times, and 1 ask the
Senator from Michigan to allow us to get it
through now.
1 Mr. HOWARD. It cannot be passed to-
il night. I insist on my motion.
! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
i adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 8, 18G9.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
attorney ueneilal/s office, etc.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Commiitee on the Judi-
ciary a bill (H. It. No. 2-13) to provide for the
publication of the Opinions of the Attorneys
General, and for oiher purposes.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I object.
Mr. COOK. - I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable me to report the bill for
action at tbe present time.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether he desires to put that bill
on its passage without any discussion ? I would
like to be heard upon it briefly.
reconstruction".
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] that
unless unanimous consent, be granted the bill
cannot be entertained until the pending ques-
tion on which tbe House adjourned lasi even-
ing shall be disposed of. The previous ques-
tion had been ordered upon the question of
referring the President's message. The pend-
ing moi ion was to refer it to the Committee on
the Judiciary, on which, aftera division, tellers
had been called for.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand that some
action has been taken by the Reconstruction
Committee which is in accordance with the
recommendation of the President. Because
of that understanding I do not wish to press
my motion ; and, with the consent of the
House, I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER, if there be no objection
the motion will be withdrawn.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion to refer the President's message to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
The moiion was agreed, to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider thevote by
which the message was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid oa
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
attorney general's office.
The SPEAKER. The question is now ujion
the motion of the gentle man from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook.} to suspend the rales for the purpo.-eof
authorizing him to report from the Committee
on the Judiciary a bill (11. R. No. 234) to pro-
vide for the publication of the Opinions of the
Attorneys General, and for other purposes.
Mr. COOK. On that motion 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cook and
Mr. Whittemore were appointed.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask that the bill be read
in full before the House divides upon the
question.
The bill was read. The firstsec'ion author-
izes and empowers the Attorney General of
the United States, whenever in his opinion the
public interest may require it, to employ and
retain, in the name of the United States, such
attorneys and counselors at law as lie may
deem necessary to assist the district attorneys
in the discharge of their official duties, and to
stipulate with such assistant counsel for the
amount of their compensation, which shall be
payable from and out of the moneys appropri-
ated for the legislative, executive, a.nd judicial
expenses of the Government.
,The second section provides that in lieu of
the three clerks authorized to be appointed by
the Attorney General by the fifth section of
the act of June 25, 18G8, entitled "An act to
provide for appeals from the Court of Claims,
and for other purposes," there shall be ap-
pointed by the Attorney General two persons
learned in ti e law, to be called solicitors of
the United States, to assist, under the diree-
