1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
tion of the Attorney General, in tbe prosecu-
tion and defense of all matters and suits arising
in the Court of Claims on behalfof the United
States, whose salaries shall be $3,000; and
also two clerks, at annual salaries of §1,800,
and one clerk of the first class.
The third section appropriates the sum of
$3,000, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay for the editing
and the price of the sets of two volumes of the
Opinions of the Attorneys General of the United
States, to be published and distributed in con-
formity with the provisions of the act to pro-
vide for the publication of the Opinions of the
Attorneys General of the United States, ap-
proved March 3, 180-5; such sum to be dis-
bursed on vouchers approved by the Attorney
General.
The fourth section provides that the salaries
of the solicitors and clerks authorized to be
appointed by the second section of this act
shall be paid out of any moneys appropriated
to pay the salaries of clerks in the office of the
Attorney General; the increased expenditure
thus authorized for the salaries of solicitors
and clerks to be defrayed out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Tbe fifth section provides that the said soli-
citors and clerks, as well as the Assistant At-
torney General on duty in the Court of Claims,
shall be admitted to the use of the Congres-
sional and Law Library.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. 1 believe this bill con-
tains an appropriation, and must go to the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules, which would include the rule requir-
ing the bill to go the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COOK. I ask that a letter from the
Attorney General on this subject be read.
The SPEAKER. That would be in the
nature of discussion, which is not in order
■while a motion to suspend the rules is pending.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that
the letter be read.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, unless I shall
be allowed to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to suspend
the rules tellers have been ordered, and will
take their places.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman having charge of this bill whether he
will allow me to offer an amendment, which I
think will meet the concurrence of the House,
providing that the money paid under this bill
to any attorney employed for the Government
shall not in the aggregate amount to So,000 in
any one year?
Mr. COOK. I do not think any such amend-
ment is necessary, but I will allow it to be
offered.
The SPE A KER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 70, noes 39.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
• KITTERV AND CHARLESTOWN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Naval Affairs
a bill directing the appointment of a commis-
sioner to inquire into the propriety of consoli-
dating the Kittery and Charlestown navy-yards.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 object.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and call up the report of the Committee
of Elections upon the contested-election case
from the third district of South Carolina. _
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. CESSNA. I will do so if the gentle-
man proposes to consume but very little time.
Sl'RYEY OF WYOMING.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House
to hear one single suggestion. The President
of the United States has appointed a surveyor
general for Wyoming. There is no survey ex-
tending over that Territory. I ask unanimous
coasent to report back from the Committee
on the Public Lands House bill No. 134, to
establish a land district in WvomingTerritory,
and for other purposes.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the regular order of I
business. It is the next to the last day of the j
session, and we have not time to consider these ;
questions.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not object to the state-
ment.
Mr. JULIAN. There is an absolute neces-
sity for some law authorizing a survey of the
public lands in Wyoming. A surveyor gen-
eral has been already appointed and perhaps
confirmed. The need of this survey is con-
ceded on all hands. Parties have now to go
hundreds of miles to preempt their lands.. I
hope the gentleman wil I withdraw his objection.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is this not within the
territorial limits of Dakota?
Mr. JULIAN. It is not. The survey
of Dakota will not answer the purpose for
Wyoming.
Mr. WOODWARD. If my colleague with-
draws his objection I will renew it.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CESSNA. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
IIOGE VS. REED.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That upon the papers referred to the
Co remittee of Elections in the contested case of S. L.
Hoge vs. J. P. Reed, from the third congressional dis-
trict of South Carolina., S.L. Ho^e is prima facie enti-
tled to a scat in the House as the Representative of
said district, subject to the future action of the House
afi to the merits of the case.
Mr. CESSNA. That is the case from the
third district. The case of Wallace vs. Simp-
son, from the fourth district of South Carolina,
is precisely like the one from the third district
in every particular. If there be no objection
I will suggest that they be considered at the
same time. They merely settle the prima facie
title, leaving the merits of the cases to be de-
cided hereafter. The certificates in both cases
are the same word for word, and the facts,
which are not disputed, are alike.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. The gentleman
says that they are alike in every particular. I
admit so far as the law is concerned they are
alike ; but the gentleman will recollect that the
two gentlemen he proposes to seat in this House
were defeated by from three to four thousand
votes in their respective districts.
Mr. CESSNA. The explanation of my col-
league does not alter the statement I made to
the House. The question of the merits of the
cases is not before the House at this time. I
will confine myself to the case of Hoge vs.
Reed, from the third congressional district of
South Carolina. In this case the first inquiry
of the committee was in reference to the eligi
bility of Mr. Reed, and we had no trouble in find-
ing that he was ineligible. It is proper to state
that both gentlemen brought certificates from
the properly constituted authorities of South
Carolina. But before proceeding further I will
ask the Clerk to read the law of South Caro-
lina so far as it applies to this question.
Mr. RANDALL. Read the entire law.
Mr. CESSNA. I will have read what I think
applies to the case. When I conclude iny col-
league can have it all read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The secretary of State shall appoint a meeting of
the State canvassers, to be held at his_ office, or some
convenient place, on or before the 15th day of De-
cember next after such [each] general election, for
the purpose of canvassing the votes of all officers
voted for at such election." « « *   "
" Sec. 35. The secretary of State, comptroller gen-
i oral, attorney general, and treasurer, shall consti-
! tute the State canvassers, three of whom shall be a
■ sufficient number to form aboard."
I * * .x *. •= *
!j *'Skc.S7. The board, when thusfovmcd, shall, upon
i! the certified copies of the statements made by the
n board of county canvassers, proceed tonvike a state-
i; ment of the whole number of vutes given at such
'! election for the various officers, and each of them
voted for, distinguishing the various counties in
1 which thoy wore given, 'l'hey shall eeruly such
statements to becorreet, and subscribe the same with
their proper names.
" Sec. 38 Upon such statements they shallihen
proceed to determine and declare what persons have
been by the greatest number of votes duly elected to
such otlicea or either ot them.
"Bec. 30. They shall make and subscribe on the
proper statement a certificate of such determina-
tion, and shall deliver the same to the secretary
of State.
" 8kc. 4:2. He shall without delay transmit a copy,
under the seal of his ofliee, of such certified determ-
ination (o each person theicby declared to be elected,
and a like cop; to theGovernor.
'* And by section forty-four of the same act it is
required of tbe secretary that—
"lie shall prepaie a general certificate under tbe
seal of tile State, and attested by htul as secretary
thereof, addressed to the House of Representatives
of the United States in that Congress for which any
person shall have been chosen, of the due election of
the persons so chosen at such election as Represent-
atives of this State in Congress, and shall transmit
the fame to tho said House of Representatives at
their lirst meeting."
Mr. CESSNA. Now, sir, in pursuance of
the laws of South Carolina which have just
been read, it appears that the board of can-
vassers are required to meet early in Decem-
ber, not later than the 15th. The board did
meet and proceed to examine the returns of
the several elections held within the State.
They continued in session several days. The
exact number does not definitely appear, but
it does appear from the evidence before tbe
committee that all their labors were completed
before the loth of December, as required by
law. The first certificate which they issued
we have published as a part of the report ot
the committee. Accompanying that certificate,
and in the judgment of the Committee of
Elections as a part of their action relative to
the same question, the board of canvassers filed
a written protest, and they proceeded from
time to time, as a majority of the committee
believe, in strict accordance wi:h and obe-
dience to the law of South Carolina, to revoke
that certificate and to grant another in favor of
Mr. Hoge.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it was decided by a large
majority of the House of Representatives in
the case of Morton vs. Dailey, from the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, that the authority granting
a certificate of election in any case imme
diateiy upon the discovery of fraud has a right
to revoke that certificate and grant anoiher to
the other party, and in that case the person
receiving the subsequent certificate was admit-
ted to a seat in the House._ Now, sir, not only
have we a similar condition ofthings here,
but we have one which, to my mind, has very
much more force and which appeals more
cogently to the judgment of the House than
the case referred to.
At the very time when this board granted
the first certificate they accompanied it with a
protest stating t hei r reasons for their action, and
appealing to this House to regard that certifi-
cate as invalid. Tue protest is published. I
will not consume the time of the House at this
late period of the session by reading it. Every
member has access to it in the printed report
now lying on their desks.
That certificate was followed also by au
absolute and unqualified withdrawal of the sig-
nature of one of the gentlemen who signed it
as a member of the board of canvassers. Under
the law of South Carolina four persons con-
stitute the board. The certificate as given was
signed by only three persons, and ona of these
three, J. L. Neagel, afterward withdrew his
signature for the reasons stated by him, as fol-
lows :
" X therefore desire that the aforesaid certificate be
considered as though my name was not attached, and
: this same certificate to have a 1 tho force ot a ccrtm-
I cate of the election ot Hon. S. L. Hoge m fuli force
I and effect."
] That left but two names to the certificate,
: which under the laws of South Carolina are
! insufficient, as 1 hold, to give it validity. J he
' board in accordance with the law of the State
1 proceeded further to consider that question,
and finally revoked the certificate given to Mr.
: Reed, and" without any dissent for reasons given
i by them the four members of the board joined
• in issuing a certificate to Mr. Hoge. Under
