THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
this state of facts the committee have submitted
their report. And now, having no desire to
discuss ihe question at length, 1 )ield the floor
for half an hour to my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. BurbJ to state the views of the
minori t.v.
Jlr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, it is not at all
in accordance with my disposition to~take the
floor upon a case like this under a limitation
of thirty minutes. I hardly think it is the
intention of the House to limit the discussion
of this case, and I prefer to take the floor in
my own right. If I can finish in thirty min-
utes I will do so.
Mr. CESSNA. Then I will call the previous
question.
Mr. BURR. I appeal to the majority on
this floor to allow this to be discussed.
Mr. CESSNA. I insist upon the previous
question. I believe under the rule I shall be
entitled to an hour, and I will give as much of
it to the other side as we shall take 011 our side.
Mr. BURR. Jf I can conclude iti twenty
minutes I will do it, but I do not want to be
limited to less than an hour.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to state that 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate if the
gentleman hns not civility enough 
Mr. CESSNA. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 64, noes 24 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
adjourn.
MESSAGE I'ROJI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Jlr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate No. 11
entitled " An act to revive certain land grants
to the State of Alabama."
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 854) making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations! for the service of the Govern-
mentfor the fiscal years, ending June 30, 1869,
and June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
deficiency appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. BEAMAN,by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 354) making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1869, and June 30, 1870,
and tor other purposes, were taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
OliDER Oi? BUSINESS.
The question being on the motion of Mr.
Randall that the House do now adjourn,
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken; and it was decided
sn the negative—yeas 15, nays 121, not voting
60 ; as follows :
_XEAS-~M< S3rs. Adams. Archer, Beck, Bises Bird
Eldridge. Getz, Ilaldeman, Thomas h. Jones. Mc-
ijeely, Morgan, Randall, Swarm, Sweeney, and
woodward—15.
Armstrong. Arnell, Asper,
Axte 1, Bailey. Banks. Beaman, Beatty. Blair. Boies
ler pM*nn Pi'01!; Bu4rll<stt- Burr Roderick R. But-
S';, Jesana, Clarke. Amasa Cobb. Clinton L. Cob\
Gobuin. took. Conger, (Jowlcs, Cullom, Dawes De-
wees?. Dickey, Uiekinson. Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
filrfifl/flMfiuh^ ssiFisher.Fitch!
«arn .d. WUfiJlnn.Golladay.Grriswold, Hnle HamiU
Hawkins, Hawley Hay, Ueaton. H("r. ilofman
Jlotehkiss, Ingcrsoll, Jenckes, Alexander II Jones'
J«dd. Juhan, Keiley, Kelsey. Kerr, Knapp.'L^flin'
Lash, Lawrence, Lousrhridge, Lynch! Marshall IVliv'
nnrd. AloCornnck. MoCrnry, McSrew, Mercur, Wil-
luin Mooi-P D.inie! J. M'jrreli. Samuel P Morrill
jSejfley, 0 jieiil, Ortti. Packard. Packer Paine C-i 1'
rner 1 helps. Polnnd, Pomerpy, Potter,'Prosser, Rice.
Kimfs. Sjn ord, S.irgeut. Sc.henolt Sfolield. Shanks
Sbeklon, Slopmn, John A. Smith, William J. Smith
Wortlnngton C .Srnirji, William Sin.vfh. Stevens'
Stokes, Mmie, btonsrhton, Strickland, T.irmer, Till-
m.m, rnmble, Iwichel] Tyner, Ui.-on. Ward, Cnd-
t wri " JSi'Sh^urn. William I!. Washburn. Wel-
k r Welh Whee'er. Whitteinore. Willard, Eugene
VOTIKG—Messars. Allison, Ames,BeaJamin,
Bennett, Benton, Binuharo, Bo wen. Boyd, Benjamin
F. Buffer, Cake, Catkin. Cburciiiil, Cleveland, Crebs,
Davis, Duval. Dyer. Ferry, Fox, Greene, Haierbt,
llambleton, Hamilton, Hill, Hong, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Johnson. Kctcham. Knoft, Logan, Mayiiam,
McCartbv, Moffet, Eliakim II. Moore. Jesse H.
Moors, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Peters, Read-
ing:. Reeves, Rogers, Sawyer, gchumaker, Joseph
S. Smith, Stevenson. Stiles, Strader, TafTe, Town-
send, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trumn. Voor'nees,
Wilkinson, Williams, John i'. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—60.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to report from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion a bill in reference to Texas, Virginia, and
Mississippi.
Mr. PAINE. I make the point of order
that that report cannot be received while the
House is engaged in considering the report of
the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Recon-
struction has a question of privilege, and is
authorized to report at any time. Jt is for the
House to say whether they will consider their
report.
Mr. PAINE. The Committee ou Recon-
struction can uialse privileged reports, but the
Committee of Elections report questions of
piivilege.
The SPEAKER. There is no such language
in the resolution organizing the Committee on
Reconstruction. It is authorized to report at
any time; and it is for the House to determine
what they will do with their reports.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to give way until
we can have one vote on this question, and
then 1 will make no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
I will do so.
ELECTION CONTEST IIOGE VS. REED.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections in the
contested-election ease from the third congres-
sional district of South Carolina of Hoge vs.
Reed.
Mr. CESSNA. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections be adopted.
Mr. BURR. I submit the question to the
majority on this floor whether they will, in
violation of parliamentary law and courtesy,
deprive the minority of an opportunity to be
heard on this case under the rules?
Mr. CESSNA. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move that the House
adjourn ; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
that motion ; but he advises the House that
under the rules he will be incompetent to
entertain any other motion, that being nega-
tived, until the vote shall be taken on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
J he SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
ilr. SCOFlELD. My point of orderis that
no business has intervened since the vote on
the motion to adjourn.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cessjja] has made the motion to
suspend the rules, and a viva voce vote has been
taken on that motion. The result of tha vote
has not been announced, but the Chair will
hold that there has been intervening business.
Ihe question was on the motion to adjourn.
Jlr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a question more
highly privileged than the motion to adjourn.
I move that when the House adjourns to day
it be to meet to morrow at eleven o'clock.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair declines to en-
tertain the motion, being forbidden by the rule
to do so,
Mr. EEDRIDGE. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain any appeal at this time, as the rule
forbids him to entertain any dilatory motion,
except ene motion to adjourn.
\
Mr. RANDALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and ir was decided
in the negative—yeas 15} nays 121, noi voting
GO ; as follows 5
Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Biggs, Bird.
Eldndge, Getz, Hnldem in, Thomas L. Jones, Mc-
£jcely, .Morgan, Raudali, Swaun, Sweeney, and
Woodward—15.
*N.A^r^css£s-AmbJ>er' Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Ax tell, J3aiiey, L>ao ks, Be a in an, lieat ty, Blair, .Boles,
Brooks, Bulhnton, Burdctt, Burr, Roderick K But-
ler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, (Jimton L. Cobb
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowley Cullom, Dawes, De-
weese, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon. Dockery, Donley
Ela. Parnswortb, Ferries, 3?inkeln burg, Fisher, Fitch!
Garfield, Gilfillan, Golladay,Griswold, Hale, liaimil,
Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hoar, Holmun,
Hotchkiss, Jngersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Laflm,
Lash,Lawrence, Loughiidge, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard, McCorraick, MeCrary, McGrew, Mercur. Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel Moriiil,
.Negley, O'Neill, Ortb, Packard, P'aoker, Paine, Pal-
mer, Phelps, Poland,Poineroy,Potter, Proper,Rice,
Roots, Sanford. S.irgent, Sehenck, Sirofield, Shanks,
Sneldon,Slocum, John A. Smith, Willijim J. Stnitb,
Worthuigtou C. Smith, Willi,im Smyth, Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Stougbron, Strickland. Tanner. Till-
man, Tiimble, TwiehelJ, Tyner, Unson. Ward.
C.idwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welkcr, Wells, Wheeler, Whittemore, Willard,
i^ugene JI. Wilson. Winans, and Witcher—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Benjamin,
Bennett, Bentou. Bingham, Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin
1. Butler, Cake. CaJkm, Churchill, Cleveland, Orebs,
Davi>, Duval, Dyer, Perry. Pox, Greene, Haisht,
ihimbleton, Hamilton, Hill, lloae, Hooper, Hop-
kuis. Johnson, Ketcham, Kuott, Logan, Mayham.
McCarthy, Moffet, JSluikim H. Moore, Jcs.<e H.
Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack. Peters, Read-
ing. Reeves, Rogers, Sawyer, Sehumaker, Joseph S.
Smith. Stevenson, Stiles, Sfrader. Taffe, Townsend,
w?i Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump. Voorhees,
Wilkinson, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—60.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was on the motion to suspend
the rule;?.
ihe SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rules under which thje Chair declines to enter-
tain any dilatory motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
''Pending a motion to suspend the rules, so as to
take au immediate vote on a proposition, a motion
lor a recess is not in order.
41 Pendinga motion to suspend the rules, the Speak-
er may entertain one motion, thattheliousedonow
adjourn ; but after the result thereon is announced
he shall not entertain any uther dilatory motion till
the vote is taken on suspension."
Mr. BURR. Some days since I received
from the House permission to make a report
on behalf of the minority of the Commiitee
of Elections in the contested-election ease of
Hoge vs. Reed. I now ask permission to make
that report, and to submit such remarks upon
it as may be proper.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
receive the report at this time. The pending
motion is to suspend all rules) among them
the one under which the gentleman was
granted leave to make a report.
Mr. ELDiliDGE. 1 rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry.
^ Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIOGE. I desire to state that I
never understood the rule which the Chair has
caused to be read to mean that we could not
lix the time to which the House should ad*
journ before the question is taken upon the
motion to adjourn. It was upon that ruling
of the Chair that I desired to take an appeal.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair dec! ines to
entertain the appeal, being strictly forbidden
by the rule to do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I desire to say that
1 protest against, such ruling by the Chair.
t he SPEAKER. That the gentleman has
a right to do, of course.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 desire to enter a motion
to lay on the table the motion to suspend the
rules.
_ Ihe SPEAKER. Such a motion is never
in order.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules,
l^he yeas and nays were ordered.
^ The Clerk will now call
the rail.
