THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
gress, and all unjust and oppressive laws may
be, suspended until the Legislatures can act
upon them. I yield to tke gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I approve of
the main purpose of tliis bill, but I am about
to propose to the House a substitute for the
first and fourth sections. Before I do so, how-
ever, I desire to make a word of explanation,
so that my substitute may be understood when
it shall be reported.
This bill, as proposed by the Committee on
Reconstruction, authorizes the President of
the United States to submit the constitution in
each of the three States named to the registered
voters of the States respectively, and at the
same time authorizes him to submit any clauses
or provisions of those constitutions separately
which lie may deem it best for the public inter-
est to so submit. On the other hand, I propose
in my substitute to authorize the President to
subimt, in the first place, these constitutions
as a whole; and in the next place, the constitu-
tions as they will stand with the objectionable
clauses stricken out.
Now, see what the difference is. Take the
case of Virginia for example. In that State
there is great objection amung the members of
the Democratic party to certain provisions in
the constitution called disfranchising clauses.
On the other hand, a large number of Repub-
licans in that State insist tliat those clauses
shall stand in the constitution. If the submis-
sion is made according to the bill proposed by
the committee, then the people of Virgiuia
must vote on the constitution as a whole and
upon those clauses separately. See now what
the result will be. Republicans in Virginia
are willing to vote for the constitution if those
clauses shall stand in it; but many of them will
be unwilling to vote for it if they shall be
stricken out by the people. On the other hand
there are large numbers of Democrats in that
Statewho would be williqg to vote for the con-
stitution if those clauses shall be stricken out,
but would never_ consent to do so if it shall
Stand. On election day these Democrats and
Republicans will know not what to do, for they
will be called upon to vote for the constitution
generally and to vote upon these clauses sep-
arately, and many of them, therefore, will be
obliged to vote for a constitution which, as it
will turn out, will be a disappointment to them,
because it will not be a constitution which they
expected to have. '
For example, suppose these obnoxious
clauses shall be stricken from the constitution,
then a large number of Republicans will have
voted for it who would not have voted for it if
they had supposed that would be the result.
On the other hand, suppose those clauses shall
stand, then many Democrats will have voted
for the constitution who would have lost their
right hands before they would have voted for
it it they had supposed those clauses would
remain. Now, my proposition will give all
parties, Republicans and Democrats, an oppor-
tunity to vote for or against the constitution
they want.
Mr. StOFIELD. Suppose a voter wants
to vote against the constitution in either shape,
how can he make his vote effective ?
-Mr. PA.1NE. Under my plan he goes to
the polls and votes against both.
Mr. BARNS WORTH. It may be, and it
probablyistrue, that there are three provisions
in the constitution of Virginia that the Presi-
dent would think proper to submit to a separate
vote. Now, some man might be in favor of
two of these provisions and against the third,
so that there w,ould be some embarrassment
unless you submitted the constitution in tripli-
cate or quadruplicate, submitted it with each
one of those^provisions stricken oat.
Mr. PAINE. I can answer the gentleman
easily. He says suppose there are three or
four provisions which the President wishes to
submit separately, will there not be a difficulty
under the amendment which J propose? I
answer no ; because if there are three or four
.alauaes .which-the Piesident proposes to sub-
mit separately he must have three or four votes,
and according to the plan I propose he will
only have three or four votes. It makes no
difference so far as that is concerned. I now
ask that my substitute may be read.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Strike out the first four sections of the bill and
insert in Hen thereof the following:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Staiesof America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United States be, and
he hereby is, authorized, at such times as he may
deem best for the public interest, to submit the con-
stitutions which were adopted by the conventions of
Virginia, Texas, and Mississippi,respectively, in the
years 1868 and 1869, in pursuance ot the reconstruc-
tion acts of Congress, to the registered voters of said
States respectively for ratification or rejection; and
to submit at the same time to said registered voters
for ratification or rejection the said respective con-
stitutions, with such provisions stricken therefrom
as lie may direct: Provided, That no election shall
be held in either of said States for any purpose until
the President shall direct.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That at the elec-
tions herein provided for the voters of said respective
States may vote for all the officers of said States pro-
vided for by said constitutions, and for members of
Congress; and the district commanders may cause
the lists of registered voters of said States respect-
ively to be revised and corrected according to law
prior to such elections, and may appoint such regis-
trars^ shall be necessary for that purpose; and said
elections shall be held and the returns thereof made
in the manner provided by the conventions which
framed said constitutions lespectively.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say to
the House that so far as the provisions of the
bill reported by the Committee on Recon-
struction relate to the State of Virginia, I have
seen a good many men from that State of dif-
ferent politics since the substance of it -was
introduced into the House, and I believe they
all concur in the opinion that it is satisfactory.
Besides, the bill was agreed upon—and it is a
little remarkable, and I hope that it is an augury
of better times—-it was agreed upon unani-
mously this morning by the Committee on
Reconstruction, both Republicans and Dem-
ocrats, and I do not think that we can better
the bill by adopting the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Wisconsin. [Mr. Paine.]
I would call his attention to the fact that in
the bill as reported by the committee it is
expressly provided that the President may sub-
mit these constitutions in such manner as he
deems best for the public interest; in other
words, in just such manner as he sees fit. He
may submit the entire constitution to one vote
or he may submit it 111 separate parts. It
leaves the whole matter to the President of the
United States to direct how the constitution
shall be submitted in each one of these States,
to direct when the election shall be held, and
make sufficient provision for a revision of the
registration lists and the returns of the election
to be held in accordance with the reconstruc-
tion acts, and the election ordinances adopted
by the conventions. It takes the matter out
of Congress until those States shall have held
their elections according to the directions of
the President, and we can again assemble and
have la.id before us a report of their action.
It provides for the assembling of their Legis-
latures on the fourth Tuesday after the election,
whenever that may be. Of course it is well
understood by the people of those States that
when their Legislatures have assembled it will
be expected of them that they wilt act upon
the fi.teenth constitutional amendment, and
that they shall so conduct themselves in all
respects as to commend their States to Con-
gress for the admission of their Senators and
Representatives at the next session.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. If I have caught cor-
rectly the spirit of these two bills, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin TMr.
, Paixe] is merely a suggestion to the President
| of a mode of submitting these constitutions.
! Now I want to inquire of the gentleman from
j Illinois; [Mr. Fauxsworth] whether if the bill
: reported from the committee should be passed
i the President of the United States may not
| aoopt,the plan.o,f the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin mider-tiiat bill it he should deem that the
best mode of submitting these constitutions to
the people of those States? And can we not
get all the advantages which the gentleman
from Wisconsin think,? may be obtained under
his plan, even if we pass the bill reported from
the committee?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think so ; and tl 
gentleman from Wisconsin can very properlj
make his argument and suggestion to the Presi
dent.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield t&
me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. It seems to me impossible
that gentlemen can be so blind in regard to
the language of this bill reported from the Com-
mittee 011 Reconstruction. It does not author-
ize the President to do any such thing as gen-
tlemen suppose ; it does not authorize the
President to submit these constitutions in two
forms as entireties so that the people can vote
for what they want and against what they do
not want, but it authorizes the President to
submit the constitution as a whole, and then to
submit to separate votes of the people par-
ticular provisions of the constitution. Let me
read a clause of the bill, so that there may be
no mistake about it:
And may also submit to a separate vote such pro-
visions of said constitution as be may deem best.
Not a constitution with certain provisions in
it and another constitution with certain pro-
vision stricken out, but a constitution with cer-
tain provisions in it and then those provisions
by themselves. And in that way those who
are opposed and those who are in favor of
those constitutions, with certain provisions in
if, and also without certain provisions in it, will
have to go to the polls and vote blindly with-
out knowing what the constitution for which
or against which they are voting will be when
finally adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I still hold that
under the bill reported from the committee
the President may submit the constitution iu
whole or in part. He may submit the entire
constitution, and he also may submit right by
the side of it one section of that constitution,
or all the sections but one of that constitu-
tion. He may submit ten sections separately,
or twenty sections separately ; he may submit
the constitution in part, or as an entirety, or
in both ways. This bill unquestionably covers
the whole ground.
Now, the very troubles we want to avoid, the
very rock, the avoidance of which enabled us
in the committee to agree unanimously—and I
trust that will be the case in Congress—the
troubles we want to avoid are the details of
this submission, which we propose to leave to
the President to deal with and decide. That
is what we have done, leaving the matter to
the President, giving him a sufficiently wide
scope, I think, to enable him to submit these
constitutions in such forms as will satisfy the
people of the several States.
This is about all I desire to say on this sub-
ject. It seems to me this bill does not require
much debate. And I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts [.Mr. Butler] will call for
a vote as soon as he can consistently do so,
so that we may send the bill to the Senate.-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the exact difference between my friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Famsworth,] my colleagueson
the Committee on Reconstruction, is this:
this bill, as reported from the committee, pro-
vides that the President may submit the con-
stitution to a vote of the people, or he may
submit such separate provisions as he pleases.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe]
proposes that the President shall submit sev-
eral entire constitutions, if I understand his
proposition correctly. For instance, he may
submit the entire constitution with the disfran-
chising clause ; then the entire constitution
without the disfranchising clause, or any other
particular clause about which there may be a
question. Then one voter can go up to the
polls and say, " T like the constitution best
