638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
election in those parishes, it only invalidates
the election ill that part of the district.
Hie committee have reported in favor of the
proposition that where violence occurs in a
part of the district, only—and in this case there
is no evidence of any material violence m bat
one part of the district—the returns from that
portion shall be disregarded and set aside
and the returns from the rest of the district
counted.
Let us look a moment at the consequences
of any other rule. Suppose we should adopt
a rule that if violence occurs in any part of a
district Ihe whole of the district shall be set
aside. What would be the effect? it would
put it in the power of men wherever they
choose to make the attempt either to defeat
a.n election or to return their own candidate.
They would have it in their power to prevent
the election of the candidate they desired to
defeat, and say to this House, either take our
man pr none. No such doctrine ought to pre-
vail, and I hope this House will now take the
ground that when the Union men of the South
anywhere are able to preserve the peace and
hold a fair election, and in another part of the!
district they are overcome by violence so that
a fair election has been prevented, the voice
of those Union men calling upon us for pro-
tection shall be heard and regarded by this
House, and that the right of representation
shall not be defeated by any such acts of vio-
lence and fraud. I now yield half an hour to
Ihe gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BUiUt. Mr. Speaker, this case was
substantially examined by the Committee, of
Elections in the Fortieth Congress, was passed
upon iu the form in which it was there pre-
sented, and as one of the members of that
committee (Mr. Kerr] is, by virtue of the
examination he then made, much more familiar
with it than I have become in the hurried
examination I have made in the committee of
this Congress, I yield to him to present his
views upon the subject.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to allow me to make a privileged report,
ilr. BUIUl. I do so.
deficiency bill
Mr. BEAMAN. The Committee on Appro-
priations have had the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the deficiency bill under consideration,
and haie instructed me to make a repoit con-
curring in certain amendments aud uon con-
curring in others.
Mr. FAR.N SWORTH. I would in quire if
the committee has concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate making an additional
appropriation for the Post Office Department?
Mr. BEAMAN. No, sir; we have non-con-
eurred in that, and 1 hope it will be allowed
to go to a committee of confereuce without
discussion.
Mr. FAllNSWOBTH. I desire the House
to concur in that, It is upon the recommend-
ation of the Postmaster General.
Mr. BEAMAN. The committee havingsome
doubt about the facts have thought it best to
report a non-concurrence, and have it go to a
committee of conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The Committee on Appropriations, to whom was
referred the bill (II. R. No. 354) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
trie service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June SO. 1869, and June 30. 1870, and for other
purposes, together with the Senate amendments
thereto, having considered the same, beg Jeave to
report as follows:
They recommend concurrence in the amendments
numbered 2,3, 4. 5,6, 8,9, 21, 28. 28, 29,33.34, 35, and
3u. X hey recti at mend mm-concurrence in the amend-
ments nambei ed I, 7,10,11,12,13,14. 15,16,17, 18,19,
20, 22i 23; 24,2$. 27, 30,31,32, 38, 37,38, 39, 41, and 42.
Mv. HOLMAN. It seems to me the amend-
ments in which the committee recommend a
concurrence had better be reported.
Mr. BEAMAN. i have no objection if the
House will take the time, but I was in hopes
the'repart would be adopted aud the matter
referred to a committee of conference.
Mr, HOLMAiL I do not insist.
The report was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House Messrs. Beaman, Lough-
ridge, and Niblack.
election' contest-—iitjnt vs. sheldon.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections in the
contested-election case of Hunt, vs. Sheldon.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
who has charge of this case for the Committee
of Elections, in what he has stated to the
House omitted to state an exceedingly import-
ant part of the facts connected with the case
and necessary to be understood by the House
in order to arrive at any just or intelligent con-
clusion. It is an observable fact that this kind
of omission is not at all unknown iu this Con-
gress on that side of the House. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,] who a
while ago presented to this House another case
of election contest and rushed it through with
such indecent and cruel haste, forgot to state
the facts to the House upon which the House
or any sensible or honest man could have formed
any just conclusion as to its merits.
Now, [ invite attention, and I hope every
gentlemen on the floor will hear me, to the
fact in this case omitted lo be stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, that the whole number
of votes cast at this election was, for Mr. Hunt,
18,341, and for Mr. Sheldon, 8,714, giving
the reimukable result of 9,627 majority for
Mr. Hunt. If you reject every precinct or
parish in the entire congressional district that
was rejected by the board of State canvassers,
except the parish of Orleans, the- majority of
Mr. Hunt would still be 9,135 votes. Now,
does this important fact count for nothing? Is
it of no value in determining a case like this?
Is it too unimportant to be mentioned to the
House as a part of the case? Is it to be
brushed aside, and absolutely forgotten by the
honorable gentlemen whose duty it is to give
this House the facts contained in the recotd?
lias it become the policy of this House, fixed
and immutable, to place in seats upon this
floor minority candidates in all cases? Is there
to be no judicial determination of any case?
If there is, 1 say, in God's name, here is fur-
nished a most excellent case in which to illus-
trate the capacity of the House to make a
judicial determination, in which to consider
the case upon its law, and upon such of its
facts as are before the House, even within the
limited purview of a prima facie investigation.
1 hope I shall have the indulgence of the
House while 1 consider in detail the objec-
tions that are made in this ease to the admis-
sion of Air. Hunt. I shall not follow the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] in what
he has said, because, with all respect to him,
I must say that he has wholly omitted to dis-
cuss the most material questions that arise in
this case, both upon the face of his own report
and upon the face of the report of the minority,
i shall, therefore, follow it in very different
order, and as nearly as I may be able in the
logical order in which its questions of fact and
law arise in the record.
First, then, it is said by the gentleman from
Ohio that the committee ha,ve decided this case
as a question of prima facie title; that they
have simply looked beyond the question of
prima facie title, and that they have not ex-
amined the merits at all. I ask the gentleman
what was the scope of the inquiry which was
referred to the Committee of Elections? Was
it a mere inquiry into the prima facie title, or
did it involve also an examination of the case
upon its merits? Thefirstresolution, introduced
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
does refer to the committee & prima facie m-
quiry alone ; but the second resolution, intro-
duced by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] involves very much more than a
mere prima facie inquiry. It requires the
committee, as to all the cases from Louisiana,
to look not alone into the question of prima
facie title, but also into the question of the
validity of the elections iu that State.
What is involved in an inquiry into the valid-
ity of an election? Is it simply to determine
whether the papers upon their face are regu-
lar and sufficient, or does it require more than
that? It may also be remarked here that the
last resolution on this subject gives the com-
mittee power to send for persons and papers,
and to aid their inquiries by all the ordinary
machinery furnished by the power of this
House m such cases. It is, then, by the action
of the committee, by the arbitrary determina-
tion of a majority of the committee, or by the
assumption of the committee,-to be limited to
a mere prima facie inquiry? I submit that it
ought not to be. and that that is no fair way to
determine a case like this. It is not the per-
formance by the committee of the duty with,
which it was charged.
The validity ot' an election embraces an
inquiry into the entire conduct of it, the com-
pliance or non-compliance of the officers with
the requirements of law, the legality of the
organization of the election boards, and the
regularity of their returns. This necessary
scope of the examination, as imposed upon
the committee, was therefore such as to make
it their duty to ascertain and report upon the
legal sufficiency of the grounds upon which,
the State board of canvassers rejected the
returns from certain parishes, and thus made
a pretext for finding in favor of Mr. Sheldon.
If they had done this duty the House could
now be in no doubt as to its duty. But they
did not. They can explain, perhaps, why they
did not.
I invite attention next to the very important
fact in this ease that one of the papers referred
to the committee along with the credentials of
Mr. Sheldon was a certificate issued by the
proper officers of the State of Louisiana to Mr.
Hunt, which paper was recognized by the com-
mittee as a proper official paper to bo referred
to them for their consideration in connection
with this case in order to enable them justly to
determine what the House should do.
Gentlemen who see fit to take the trouble to
examine the reports iu this case will fitid this
certificate set forth in both of them. The first
certificate issued to Mr. Sheldon is in the or-
dinary form of a certificate of election. The
second one, issued by the same officeis to Mr.
Hunt., is in the more comprehensive form of a
certificate of facts connected with this election.
In that certificate of facts alone we find a state-
ment of the whole number of votes cast, in
what parishes and precincts they were cast,
and for whom they were cast. And we also
find there official statements of the reasons
why any of these returns were rejected by these
officers.
Now, if I take the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] and the majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections upon their own ground, I
shall be compelled to go beyond the mere
examination of the first certificate, which pre-
sents the prima facie case, and to look into the
second certificate. And just so far as that
second certificate states facts in this case, or
the law applicable to this case, and which will
govern its determination both before the House
and the country, I find that even the prima
facie inquiry alone involves the entire range
of this investigation and makes it the duty of
the House not alone to look into the mere
technical, formal sufficiency of that first cer-
tificate, but to look into the legal sufficiency of
the grounds on which the officers of the State
of Louisiana rejected the votes of the parishes
that are named in the second certificate.
I trust that I may not be esteemed unreason-
able when I request, gentlemen of this House
who are now sitting in a judicial capacity in
the discharge of a solemn judicial duly to turn
to this report and to look for themselves at the
reasons that are stated by the State officers for
their rejection of these votes! And first as to
the parish of Orleans, which is the most im-
portant one, because the number of votes cast
in that parish exceeds, I believe, the entire
number of votes cast elsewhere in that district.
The officers say in regard to that parish—
" The returns from that part of the parish of
