THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
ELECTION CONTEST—H0NT VS. SHELDON.
Mr. POLAND. I call for the regular order
of business.
* The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is a resolution reported from the Commit-
tee Of Elections, pending at the time of taking
a recess this afternoon. The Clerk will read
the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
_ limolved, That Lionel Allen Sheldon, claiming the
right to'represent the second congressional district
of the State of Louisiana in the House of Represent-
atives of The United States, be admitted to a peat in
this House, without prejudice to the right of any per-
son to contest such seat according to law.
"The question was taken upon adopting the
resolution; and upon a division there were—■
ayes 70, noes 34.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, called for-the
yeas and nays.
:The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 37, not voting
75; as follows ;
YJ3AS—Messrs. Ambler, • Arnell, Asper, Banks,
Bcatty, Bingham, Bowen, Buffinton, Bardett, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn,Dawes,Dixon.Donley,Duval. Fcrriss. Ferry.
Jfinkelnburg, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hawley,
Heaton, Hoar, Huge, Hopkins, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Keteham,
Knapp, Lush, Lawrence, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary. MeGrew, Morcnr, Eliakim H.
Moor-, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Negiey,
O'Neill, Orth, Paekard, Packer. Paine, Palmer.
Phelps. Pomeroy, Prnsser, Roots, Sargent, Schenck,
Scofleld. Shanks,Sheldon, John A. Smith. Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Taffc,
Tanker, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Yan Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker. Wheeler, John T. Wil-
son.Winatis, and Witeher—85.
x>?j ■§T".'^<S?rs- Adams, Archer, Axtell.Beck,Biggs,
Bird, Blair, Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cook, Dickinson,
«et|. Goliad ay, Griswold, Hamill, Holmau, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr. Knott. Loughridge, Mayham, Mc-
Cormick, MeNeely, Moffet, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
Jack, xJeadincf, Reeves, Slocum, Sweenev, Trimble,
* an 1 rump. Wells, Eugene -VI. Wilson, Winchester,
and Woodward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
 ' SyV,'Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Boles,
Boyd, Benjamin F. Butler, Cuke. Clarke, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Crebs, Calloin,
JJavjs, Deweese, Diokey, Dockery, Dyer, Ela, Eld-
J}"?6;, farnsworth, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Greene,
Haigbt, Haldeman, flambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins,
May,Hill, ilO'.g,- Hooper, Hotchkiss. Ingersoll, Jolin-
son.i,aam.Xiogj,n, Marshall, JesseH. Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill. Morrissey. Peters, Poland, Potter, Ran-
dan, ltice, Rogers, San turd. Sawyer, Sehuuiaker,
Josepb S. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
StUes.SWne,Stoughton.Strader, Strickland. Swann,
,van4".l!,?';>Voorhees. Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wil-
lards Williams, and Wood—75.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
. T.he latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now ask that the oath
of office^ be administered to Mr. Sheldon.
Mr, Sheldon' then came forward and took
the oath of office prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one-of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 43) concerning vacancies in
tbeadjutant general's department.
The message further announced that the
oenate had passed the following joint resolu-
tions } la which the concurrence of tha House
was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. S6) respecting
the retirement of Brevet Major General S. P?
ileintzeiman; and
A joint resolution (S. E. No. 68) for the
protection of soldiers and'their heirs.
.judiciary.
Mr. BfJvGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's, table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the amendments of the
Honse to Senate bill No. 44, to amend the
judicial system of the IJnited States, for the
purpose of moving a non-concurrence in the
Senate amendments, and asking for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] state the difference be-
tween the Senate and the House upon this
proposition?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is but a single point
of material difference. The Committee on the
Judiciary seem to be unanimous 111 thisthat
if we provide for retiring judges or for the
judges resigning upon their salary it should
also be provided in the bill that they shall have
served a certain number of years. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary reported in favor of the
term of ten years. But the Senate amendment
does not provide for a previous term of service
of even two weeks. And upon thatpoint alone,
to say nothing further, it seems to me the bill
as amended by the Senate is altogether defect-
ive. I therefore ask the House to non-concur
in the Senate amendments and to ask for a
committee of conference, so that we may have
an opportunity to correct the Senate amend-
ment upon that point if it shall be finally
adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the House will
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and for reasons other than that mentioned by
my colleague on the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, [Mr. Bingham.] I am aware that these
are revolutionary times, and that our action
has been characterized as somewhat revolu-
tionary by both sides of this House. I have no
want of confidence in the distinguished general
who is now at the head of the Government of
this country ; but I think we shall take a step
which we shall have occasion to regret in future
years if we place in the hands of any one man
as the representative of any one great party
the authority to organize the Supreme judiciary
as a political court, it must be apparent to
everybody, not only in this House but in the ,
country, that if the representative of the great i
party now in power in this country shall ap-
point the number of judges for whose appoint-
ment this bill provides, the court must neces-
sarily be from this tinu on until their term of
office shall expire under the Constitution, a
political court. I hope that we shall never be
guilty of organizing the court upon any such
principle. I trust that the committee of con-
ference when appointed will take into consid-
eration this question, and will consider it as
statesmen, not as partisans.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to know, Mr.
Speaker, that my colleague on the Judiciary
Committee, the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] agrees with me in desiring
non-concurrence.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That motion is unneces-
sary. The form of the question will be, as a
matter of course, upon concurring.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
take notice of the fact that eveu if we should
be unanimously of' opinion that the Senate
amendments in general ought to be accepted
the neglect to limit the right of retiracy upon a
pension by requiring prior service for a term
of years is a latai defect in this bill. I think I
am right in saying that on this point the Judi-
ciary Committee were unanimous, as I think
the House will be when it comes to flnderstand
the question : for it is simply absurd that a
man verging on the age of seventy should be
appointed today a judge of the Supreme Court,
and at the end of next month, having attained
the age of seventy, should retire uoon a pen-
sion for the residue of his life, the bill as
amended by this House required a service of
ten years prior to retiracy.
1 appeal to my honorable friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] not to insist on concur-
rence. I do not say that I shall not myself
come to the conclusion that with only tlie
°uanfe 1 have indioated it would be better for
the .House to concurj but without a change in
this respect the bill is, I am quite well satisfied,
fatally defective. I think that every one of my
colleagues on the Judiciary Committee will,
on reflection, concur with me in this opinion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] whether
these amendments of the Senate amount to
anything more than he has indicated?
Mr. BINGHAM. They do amount to more.
I am free to answer the gentleman that the
Senate amendments strike out the fifth and
sixth sections ot the House amendment, strike
out all the provisions in relation to the retiracy
of judges bearing commissions for life, and
provide only for filling vacancies in cases of
resignation.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that the difficulty
in the mind of the gentleman from Ohio has
arisen entirely out of an amendment which he
introduced to the Senate bill when it was here-
tofore under consideration here. It was the
Judiciary Committee of this House that intro-
duced this subject of retiring judges at seventy
years of age. There was nothing of the kind,
I understand, in the original Senate bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly not.
Mr. WOODWARD. Now, Mr. Speaker,the
bill as it originally came from the Senate was
to my mind a better bill than we made it by
our amendments adopted under the auspices
of the gentleman from Ohio. If the amend-
ments which the Senate has now made bring
us back to substantially the bill which that
body originally passed, then I am in favor of
them.
Mr. BINGHAM. They do not.
Mr. WOODWARD. As I understand the
gentleman's answer to my question, these Sen-
ate amendments strike out a large part of the
amendments which the House inserted. There-
fore, they bring us at least nearer to what the
bill was originally. If such is the effect of
these amendments I am in favor of concurring.
Mr. BO fLER, of Massachusetts. 1 think I
can state to the House, so that the exact dif-
ference will be quite apparent. The Senate
passed a bill creating nine circuit, judges and
one judge of the Supreme Court, with certain
provisions to make it an operative measure.
When it came over to the House, after a great
deal of examination the Judiciary Commiitee
reported in addition certain provisions that
after a judge had served ten years and arrived
at seventy years of age he might apply to the
President to be retired and draw his salary
during the rest of his life and an acting judge
might be employed in his place, and that Hie
court might consist of certain acting judges.
Now, then, when the bill went back to the Sen-
ate they struck out those provisions and put in
a provision that at seventy years of age a judge
might resign and have his salary for the rest
of his life.
The difficulty in the Senate, a3 T learn from
the debates, was they were afraid lhat some of •
these retired judgef, for the purpose of meet-
ing a political question one way or the other,
might come back and put themselves on the
bench exactly when they were not wanted, and
also that it would be difficult to determine what
would be a quorum. For that reason the Sen-
ate struck out the provision for retiring, and
put in a provision for resignation at seventy
years, which amounts to the same thing, the
only objection to that being that if a judge
resigns Congress might refuse lo pay his salary,
which they could not do if he were retired, lie
then still being a judge. But it was argued,
and I think with great force, that no Congress
under such circumstances could be found to
take away the salary of a judge.
The difficulty is this, and I think it ought to
be guarded, that the Senate in drawing that
amendment to our amendment left, out the ten
years limit of service. We ought not to allow
a judge to be appointed to morrow and resign
the next day, because he became seventy ytiars
of age, and draw his salary for the rest'of his
1'fe- There may be an abuse in that; ami as
this giving him a salary for the rest of his life
was an appreciation by the. country of long and
