1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
faithful judicial service we put in the limit of
not less than ten years, so that a man might
be appointed at sixty and resign at seventy or
appointed at any earlier day. What is designed
by non concurrence and a committee of con-
ference especially is to get that provision cor-
rected, and then there will be no difficulty on
the subject.
There is only one other amendment. The
Senate put in a provision that the bill shall not
take effect, so far as the appointment of judges is
concerned, until December next, so as to give
am pie time for the selection of judges and other
action under the law.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman yield i
to me?
Mr. B CJTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. VOOR.HEES. I have not had time to
examine the bills and amendments, and I wish
to ask the gentleman whether they compel in
any sense the retiracy of a judge from the
bench ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No. sir.
Mr. VOORHEE8. It makes, then, the re-
tiracy of these judges voluntary, and makes
provision also for the payment of their salary
for the rest of their life?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOORHBBd. When this measure was
brought here first, and it was suggested after
a judicial officer had served long and faithfully
he should be retired when he thought it neces-
sary with the payment of his salary for the rest
of his life, it struck ine with favor, for there is
no calling of life which excludes a man from the
usual avenues of gain as that of the judiciary. As
mail may serve liia country faithfully fora quar-
ter of a century as a judicial officer and make
no gain out of his salary, and when the wintry
time comes with him, when the opportunity to
make money and his power to do so have gone
by, i see no impropriety in making provision
to retire him with the payment of his salary
for the rest of his life. On the contrary, I see
every propriety in doing so.
But it was suggested to me when the bill was
under discussion before that it was somewhat
compulsory in its nature. If there be no pro-
vision making it compulsory, still it will be a
delicate thing for judges to remain in office
after the passage of this bill. I would not vote
for a measure that makes it an indelicate mat-
ter for a judge after seventy y ears to remain on
the bench, because there are many of them
who have their powers unimpaired after that
period of life. But I will vote for a measure
that leaves it to the judge himself to say when
after that time he is willing to retire and be
supported. It is to this point I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from Massa-
cbusGtts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will say,
in answer to the gentleman, that there is noth-
ing in th^iouse amendment nor in the Senate
amendmentthat renders it necessary or proper
for a judge to retire unless of his own free will,
except in the single case where he is _so dis-
abled that he cannot exert his will, as in case
of paralysis or insanity. There is nothing now
but resignation perfectly voluntary, so that we
meet exactly the case put by my friend from
Indiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. We all agree, both the Sen-
ate and the House, in relation to the substance
of this bill. Everybody who is familiar with
the business of the United States courts under-
stands that they are unable to do the business
that comes into the Federal courts. There-
fore both Houses have agreed as to the sub-
stance of this bill that there shall be an addi-
tional judge of the Supreme Court, making
nine, and an additional circuit judge in each
one of the circuits. That is the substance of
the bill. All that we disagree about is in rela-
tion to these provisions in relation to pensions
to old judges.
1 was so much in favor of that
principle that I was willing to vote for that
amendment reported by the Judieiary Com-
mittee in the House, although I thought it was
very clumsy and awkward to leave these men
with one foot in the court and the other in the
grave, and nobody could tell whether they were
dead men or live men. But the Senate have,
in my judgment, made the provision in regard
to that very much better- 1 should be entirely
satisfied had they left it as my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says they ought to have
left it, so that none of these judges should
have the privilege of retiring with a pension
unless he had served for ten years.
It is said the President may appoint a man
sixty-nineyears of age, who may retire in afew
months upon a pension. Is there any possible
danger of such a thing? None at all. No man
was ever appointed to the bench, I believe, over
sixty years of age, or ever will be ; so there is
no difficulty about this whatever. This pay we
give after these men go out of office. It is not so
much forthepurpose of payingthem fortheser-
vice they have rendered as judges as it is that
we may have a mode of inducing them to leave
the bench when they become too old to perform
good service upon it. Therefore, although I
would have been entirely content had the pro-
vision for ten years' service been left in, I think
I am just about as content with it left out.
One word as to the objection of my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Ei.dr.idge.] He does not
like to give the appointment of so many judges
to any one President. Now, how does my
friend expect they are to be appointed, if we
have not a sufficient number? What kind of
machinery does he expect to get by which they
are to be appointed?
Mr. ELDttlDGB. Does the gentleman de-
sire an answer?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I would not have this
revolution all accomplished in a day. I would
not have the revolution carried out in this
court as the gentleman's party is carrying it
out in the other departments of the Govern-
ment. I would leave these things to change
more slowly, not all at once; and I trust some
piovision tnay be made by which the change
can be made gradually.
Mr. POLAND. If we did not now need nine
additional judges it would be very proper indeed
that the appointments should be made as the
gentleman suggests. But as the business of
the country requires the additional judges now,
there does not appear to me to be any sufficient
reason for defining the appointment of any
number of them for four years. There would
be something in this objection provided this
, was making up a court. If there were nine |
I judges of the Supreme Court to be appointed, [
there would be some force in the objection that j
it would be improper that they should all be
appointed from one political party. But these
are nine distinct and independent courts. The
judges are never to sit together.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend will allow me
to suggest that this want seems only to have
been discovered at this particular moment.
Mr. POLAND. Not at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why should not this
increase of the judicial force be gradual ?_ Can-
not the wants of the country be met without
any such great change as the appointment of
nine judges by a single President from a single
political party? Let us provide for one or two
appointments now, and four years hence, if it
be necessary, we can provide for other appoint-
ments which will not then neccssarilv he filled
from one political party.
Mr. POLAND. This very necessity of in-
creasing the courts has been felt for many
years. Congress has been at work tor many
years trying to devise some scheme to do it.
Three years ago a bill was passed for the pur-
pose of removing this very difficulty. I he
trouble has been that Congress has not been
able to agree upon any means of doing it. ^ -f
may say that although until within a very few
years nearly all the judges of the district courts
of the United States were members of one
political partjr—members of the gentleman s
political party—I am not aware that any diffi-
culty was ever experienced growing out of that
fact.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There was never any
difficulty growing out of the judges being of my
political party; but difficulties might gro.w out
of the judges being all of the gentleman's
party.
Mr. BINGHAM. X will yield three minutes
to my colleague on the Judiciary Committee,
[Mr. Kerb,] who desires to make a statement.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to make a privileged
report. I submit a report from the committee
of conference on the Indian appropriation bill.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II It. No. 123) making appropriations for tho
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending Jane 30,
1870, having met, after lull and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, fco their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 6, 18, 25, 63, 64, 65. 66,67.68,69,70,71, 72,
73. 74, 75. 76, 78, 79,80, 81, 82, 83, 81, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89,
125. 140.141,142.145.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 2. 4, 8, 9. 11,12,13,14,19, 20,21, 22.- 23,
24. 26, 27,28, 31, 34,35, 36,37, 38, 39, 40, 41,43.44,45,48.
47, 48,49, 50,51,52, 53, 54, 55, 59, 60,61, 62,77, 90.91, 92,
93. 94, 95. 90, 97, 98, 99,100. 101, 102, 103,104.105, 106,.
107, 108, 109,110, 111, 112, 113,114.115,116,117,118. 119.
120,121. 122.124,127,128,130, 131,132,135,136, 137,138,
139.144.147,153; and agree to the same.
That the House reeedc from their dl°tgreement to
the sixteenth amendmentof theSenate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
six of said amendment strike out all after the word
"and" to the end of said amendment and insert in
lieu thereof the following words: '* twenty-fivetliou-
siuid dollars: frotii'rfec/,That thesaidf urn. if accepted,
shall be in full for the claim of said Blackburn aa
above stated ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recedeirom their disagreement tc
the amendment of the House to the fil'ry-soventh
amendment ot tho Senate; and agree to the same.
Tnat tli  Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendmentof the House to theonehundred and
forty-sixth amendment of the Senate; and agree to
the same. .
That the Senate recedo from all of their one hun-
dred and fifty-second amendment after tho enacting
clause, and thellouse recede from theiraraendment
to the same, and agree to the section in the follow-
ing words, to wit: ,
That there be appropriated the further sum of
$2,000,000, or so much thereof as maybe necessary, to
enable the President to maintain the peace among
and with the various tribes, bands, and parties of
Indians, and to promote civilisation among said In-
dians, bring them, where practicable, upon reserva-
tions, relieve their necessities, and encourage their
efforts at self-support, a report ot all expenditures
under this appropriation to be made in detail to
Congress in December next; and tor the purpose of
enabling the President to execute the poweis con-
feired by this act he is hereby authorized, at, his dis-
cretion, to organize a board ot commissioners, to
consist, of not mare than ten persons, to be selected
by him from men eminent for their intelligence and
philanthropy, to serve without pecuniary compen-
sation, who may, under his discretion, exercise joint
control with the Secretary of the Interior over the
disbursement of the appropriations made by tins act
or any part thereof that the President may designate ;
and to pay the necessary expenses of transportation,
subsistence, and clerk hire of sa.id commissioners
while actually engaged in said service there is hereo>
appropriated, out of nny money in tbo Treasury uoi
otherwise appropriated, tho sum of $25,000, or s*j
much thereof as may be necessary.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That nothing jr
this act contained, or in any of the provisions thereof,
shall be so construed as to ratify or approve an>
treatv made with any trrbes, baiids, or partus ot
Indians since the 110th of July, 18(?7. ^
II. L. DA   Iwo.
JQUN A. BIN(iHAil.
JAMES B. BEOK,
Managers on the part of the Hoi'pe
Vf. P. FFSSENDEN,
JA11ES HARLAN,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I will state to
the House very briefly tho result of the con-
ference. The Senate have yielded to the House
on the question of substituting an appropria-
; tion of $2,000,000 to be placed at the disposal
'I of the President for the treaties executed !>v
|! the peace commission, adding thereto the sub-
,i stance of a seetiou which they hwl addea to
ij the biil, authorizing the Presidentatms discro-
tion to appoint these men.. They were desirous
ii of throwing around the §2.000,000 more sate-
il guards if they could, and they felt that there
