1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
case now, and the gentleman can be heard
afterward.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will first report
the pending resolutions.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ilexoloed. That John Moffet is not entitled to a
seat m tliisIIou^easaKe'iresentative from the third
congressional district ot Pennsylvania to thel'orty-
Fust. Congress.
Revolved, That Leonard Myers is entitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative from the third
congressional district of Pennsylvania, to the Forty-
lurst Congress.
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman yield for a
motion to adjourn? Jfthe House shall refuse
to adjourn I will accept its decision without a
murmur,
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not yield for any
such motion.
Mr. Speaker, we have this morning tried a
question of violence. We try to-night a ques-
tion of fraud. There are but two ways of doing
wrong. One is by fraud and the other by vio-
lence. In the last presidential election both
these means were resorted to. In the city of
Philadelphia it wasfraud. In the city of New
Orleans it was blood. We have decided that
bloodshed and violence shall not prevail. It
is now for us to say whethercunning fraud shall
win. In this case the sitting member had an ap-
parent majority of 127. In that majority there
was an error in the count.of 35, which reduced
his apparent majority on mere calculation to
92. By a careful examination of the evidence
and counter allegations on both sides it is
found by the committee that there were illegal
votes enough cast in the district one way and
another, making a close calculation and mak-
ing a liberal allowance to the sitting member,
to destroy this apparent majority of 92, and to
give to the contestant an actual majority of
90. By reference to the report made in this
case by the majority, on page 3, this calculation
will appear. Taking the sitting member's
admis&ions of fact, the result would stand :
Majority for Mr. Moffet, after corrections of mistakes
in addition   92
Less votes not assessed and not proved, sixth
division, seventeenth ward, cast for him, as
will be presently shown  82
Less votes not assessed and not proved, sev-
enth division, seventeenth ward v... 72
Less illegal votes, (personations.) sixth divis-
ion. seventeenth ward 21
Less illegal votes, (personations,)seventh di-
vision, seventeenth ward  24
Less illegal votes in rhe remainder of the dis-
trict  41
— 240
Majority for Myers  148
From which must be deducted, of the unas-
sessed votes, six'h division, seventeenth
ward, cast for him   ._  5
Illegal rotes, in all, whicii incumbent claims
were east for Mr. Myers  53
— 5S
Leaving a clear majority for Mr. Myers of.  90
There is another element in this case, that
of fraudulent naturalization. The committee
do not rely upon that, and the case does not
turn upon it, yet it is a matter of so much im-
portance that it is deemed necessary to allude
to it. There were 159 illegal voters on what
are called the ''supreme court naturalization
.papers.'' Judge Head, in his opinion given
in the supreme court of Pennsylvania at nisi
yrius, out of which these papers were issued,
presents an alarming state of facts. He says
more than six thousand eight hundred persons
were naturalized in one month—more than
two thousand eight hundred in a week, seven
hundred and twenty in one day of five hours ;
no court authorized to naturalize being in ses-
sion—a single judge sitting—as Judge Read
stales, there being "no examination at all,''
unless by tipstaves, and as proved, no inter-
preter where parties could not speak English—
professional vouchers making citizens by the
dozen—a lack of obedience not only to the
letter of the law, but its scope and intent.. Tiie
elective franchise will become worthless if
such proceedings are not soon checked. \\ e
could decide this question on this alone, but
we do not rely on it, and I merely allude to it
in passing.
There is anothej point, the question of the
illegality of votes in the sixth and seventh di-
visions of the seventeenth ward in the city of
Philadelphia. In these two divisions there was
a gross disregard of the law. The judges of
the election disregarded the laws of the State
of Pennsylvania, which required that no per-
son shall be allowed to vote unless he is on
the assessor's list, except he shall prove his
right to vote by his own oath and the oath of
another. That is the clear provision of the
law of Pennsylvania. Now, in these two di-
visions there was a gross disregard of the pro-
visions of law as admitted by the judges on
both sides, and not denied by the incumbent
and his counsel. In the sixth division of the
seventeenth ward 82 unassessed voters were
permitted to vote without proof or voucher.
In the seventh division 72 such were permitted
to vote. In the sixth division, in addition to
these, 21 illegal votes were cast, that is person-
alors, persons who came up and said they were
other persons, and repeaters, persons who voted
twice or more.
In the seventh division of the ward there
were 24 such ; in the sixth division there were
only 4ti2 votes cast. 103 of which were illegal,
nearly one fourth ; in the seventh division,
where there were only 352 votes east, 98 of
which were illegal, more than one fourth. And
yet there sat judges who had lived in the ward
for nearly a score of years, who knew these
voters personally, who lived in the same houses
with some of them ; and in each of these divis-
ions the majority judge, who was disregarding
the law inside, had a relative outside to crowd
in the voters.
These are the facts as to those two divisions.
It is claimed by some that the law is simply
directory. I will here refer to the law punish-
ing the disregard of these provisions. It is
truly cited on page 3 of the contestant's brief.
And here I will say on behalf of the contest-
ant, after having spent two days and one night
in examining the evidence in the case with the
greatest care, I have never known a case in
which a lawyer acting for another man, much
less in a case where he was interested himself,
has been so scrupulously correct-'a his citation
of evidence and law.
The act already cited (section one hundred
and five, Pamphlet Laws, 542,) imposes a fine
of §200 on any inspector or judge of elections
who knowingly rejects the vote of a qualified
citizen or receives the vote of any person not
qualified, or conceals from his fellow officers
any fact on the knowledge of which such vote
should by law be received or rejected.
The act of April 17. 1860, (section three,
Pamphlet Laws, 970, Brightly's Digest, page
1425,) imposes a fine of Sl.OOU and an impris-
onment not exceeding two years upon the elec-
tion officers of any division, whenever it. shall
appear in any contested election case that such
officers shall have willfully received the votes
of ten persons or upward whose names are
not contained in the list of taxable inhabitants
furnished to the election officers of sueli divis-
ion by the city commissioners, without requir-
ing proof of the payment of taxes, citizenship,
and residence required by law.
Here, then, was a statute making it an offense
punishable by a fine of SI.000 or imprisonment
not exceeding two years for receiving ten votes,
and these judges sat there and received thein
by the score knowingly ; and yet it is claimed
that this is directory. If it be so the violation
of that direction may direct a man into the
penitentiary.
But what do the courts of Pennsylvania say
on thesubject? In 2 Parsons's Reports, page
581, Judge King says :
"The language of this law is so clear, and the
policy of it so obvious, that it admits of no construc-
tion qualifying its letter as respects persons not
found o-i the list. It is from votes offered bv this
class of persons that the greatest danger of election
frauds arises. If election officers should^ receive
votes from such persons, without tho inquiry as to
residence required by the act, the consequence mas-
be easily divined. Whoever eoufd proeuro tho
greatest number of reckless men ready to ofu r votes
in districts where they were not. entitled to vote,
would be certain of triumph. For such men 'jould
operate not merely at one poll, but in all others
where votes should be received with the same
facility."
Judge Allison, in delivering the opinion of
the court, in 1807, in a case in Philadelphia,
and I believe in reference to one of these
wards where similar practices had been com-
mitted, said :
" These requirements are in no proper sense di-
rectory merely; they are in all particulais in which
the law directs that they shall be ascertained by the
officers before the vote shall be received absolutely
essential to a due election."
I will not detain the House to recite further
authorities. Gentlemen certainly cannot go
contrary to their own decisions or their own
law. And certainly this is the rule of law not
only in Pennsylvania, but in this House and
everywhere else, as I understand it.
Then, resting the case on these grounds, what
is the result? By referring to page 6 of the
report of the majority the calculations will be
seen showing the result of throwing out these
two divisions of the seventeenth ward and of
purifying the vote for the contestant; for it
may be remarked here that the contestant
purified his vote, but the contestee did not
purify his; if he had he would have purified
nearly the whole of it away. 'Ibrowing out
those two divisions of the seventeenth ward
leaves a majority for the contestant, Mr. Leon-
ard Myers, of 647 votes. Now, is there any
question but that those two divisions must be
thrown out?
There is, if this is passed, but one question
left in the case, and that is the question whether
the tenth divisionof the nineteenth ward, which
the incumbent claims must be thrown out, is to
be thrown out or not. The la>v of Pennsylva-
nia provides—
"Til-it whenever a new election division or divis-
ions has been or shall becreated in any of the wards
ot the city of Philadelphia by the councils of said
city, the officers to conduct the election next thei c-
after occurring shall be chosen a*s follows: if such
division shall be formed entirely out of an old divis-
ion, the officers elected to conduct the election if said
divi-ion shall appoint the officers for the new divis-
ion, the judge appointing the judge and each of the
inspectors appointing an inspector."
Now, in this case a new division was formed,
and the question was whether the officers of
the old division should sit there as judges or
whether new judges to be appointed by them
should sit We construe this law to mean that
the old judges should sit in the new division.
They did so sit. There was no violence. The
judges who claimed to sit there retired without
force. The old judges sat and the election was
held. There is no allegation that there was
any violence or fraud. The pioof on the part
of the contestee is that it was one of the most
peaceable elections held for years in that divis-
ion. But if that division should be thrown out
it would still leave the contestant with a major-
ity of about 500. So that we conclude that
either upon a calculation of the illegal votes
and errors in the count or upon these irregu-
larities in these two divisions in the seven-
teenth ward, upon either ground, upon "both
grounds, the contestant is entitled to the seat.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to know how much
time I have occupied?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has occu-
pied twenty-two minutes of his hour.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Is it all a question of
time with the gentleman? 1 move that his
time be extended.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
asked for an extension of his time.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman prob-
ably does not know the object of my question.
The House having indicated, I think, its dis-
position to continue the case this evening, 1
now yield twenty minutes to my colleague on
the committee from Illinois, [ilr. Bubr,] he,
of course, having the right to assign the time
to whom he pleases.
Mr. BURK. I appeal to the House now to
permit this ease to go over until to-morrow,
