THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
when ray colleague [Mr. Randall] can be
li6&rd
Mr. STEVENSON. I am quite willing. I
will leave it to the decision of the House.
Mr. BURR. I refuse to take the floor for
twenty minutes to argue a case like this, and I
ask that the case shall go over until to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. That will test the dis-
position of the House.
. Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
House I would like to make a single state-
ment. I understand that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] the member
of the Committee' of Elections who has had
special charge of this case in behalf of the
minority, is unable to be here to-night, and
therefore it would be impossible for any mem-
ber1 of the Committee to follow the gentleman
who has just had the floor to-night with any
convenience, while in the morning, as I under-
stand, there will be no difficulty in the way of
either of the minority of the committee, or any
gentleman who takes the same views of this
case that the minority of the committee do,
taking the floor. I suggest, therefore, that
the House adjourn now so that we may take
up this case again to-morrow morning as the
unfinished business immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. STEVENSON. In case of an adjourn-
ment I wish it understood that I have not
yielded the floor except for some gentleman
to go on this evening.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has thirty-
eight minutes of his hour remaining.
enrolled bills signed.
• Mr. B.BATTT, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
sanae:
An act (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of
Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
_ States Navy; and
W An act (H. R. No. 367) making an appro-
priation for the improvement of rivers and
harbors for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and, the year ending June 30, 1870.
john w. massey.
Mr, K1LLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 409) for the relief
of Jotvn,W. Massey; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
metrical coinage.
Mr. ICELLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H.-R. Mo. 410) to promote
th^ establishment of an international metrical
system of coinage ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred- to the Committee
on Coinage, Weights, and Pleasures.
mess4ge from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on House bili No. 123, making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 80, 1870, and
for other purposes.
The message tether announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill of the House,"No. 140,- to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, find for other "purposes
approved July 20, 1868. - J
PARAGUAYAN DIFFICULTIES.
Mr. BAKES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Meo&lved, That the President bo requested to trans-
mit to the House, if not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest, in addition to the correspondence already
transmitted upon the condition of affairs in Para-
guay, the letter of General Webb to Admiral Godon
in answer to a letter of Mr. Wa-shburn, dnted October
1, 1866; and also a letter of General Webb to the
Secretary of State concerning his alleged interfer-
ence in defense of Admiral Uodon, and any other
correspondence not heretofore transmitted which
may, consistently with the public interest, be com-
municated.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, also
presented a communication from the Secretary
of State upon the same subject; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ventilation of hall op house.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 411) to provide for
improving the ventilation of the Hall of Ihe
House of Representatives ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
court-house, springfield, illinois.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at this time a joint
resolution to facilitate the construction of a
court-house at Springfield, Illinois. It merely
anticipates, as in the Bangor case, an appro-
priation already made, but which otherwise
will not take effect until July next. It is in
accordance with a communication made to
the House by the Secretary of the Treasury.
No objection was made ; and accordingly
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 75) to facilitate
the construction of a court-house at Spring-
field, Illinois, was introduced and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to make a
present application of the $25,000 appropri-
ated at the last session of the Fortieth Con-
gress for a court-house and public buildings
at Springfield, Illinois, the same to be applied
to the use provided in said appropriation, the
appropriation heretofore made not to be hereby
increased.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr: BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 38) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry; and
An act (S. No. 75) regulating the rights of
property of married women in the District of
Columbia.
expenses op mississippi convention.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution relative to
the convention in Mississippi, for reference to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the joint resolution be
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that, the outstanding and unredeemed warrants
issued in payment of the expenses of the con-
stitutional convention of the State of Missis-
sippi, assembled in accordance with the pro-
visions of reconstruction acts of Congress,
upon the '7th day of January, 1868, shall be
receivable in payment of all taxes due, or here-
after to become due, to the State of Mississippi,
and that the general commanding the fourth
military district is directed to carry into effect
the provisions of this resolution.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I object to the intro-
duction of the joint resolution.
national currency.
Mr. LYNCH entered a 111 '* Hill to reconsider
the vote by which the House referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency a bill
(H. R. No. 406) to amend the national cur-
rency act.
land district—wyoming territory.
Mr. JULIAN. - I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Public Lands,
for consideration at this time, House bill No.
134, to establish a land district in Wyoming
Territory, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
committee on election frauds.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I promised to yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that he might offer a resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the resolution which I send ta the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of seven shall be
appointed to be known as the Committee on Election
Frauds 
Mr. BROOKS. I object to that.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended to enable me introduce the resolu-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not yield for that
motion. I yield to the gentleman from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. Boles.]
washington and lincoln monuments.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 412) to secure the
completion of the Washington and Lincoln
monuments; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now insist on the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, on behalf of Lieu-
tenantColonel Wifliam G. Halpin, incarcerated
iu England.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 9, 18G9.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary, (George C. Gorham, esq.,)
called the Senate to order.
election of president pro tempore.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Secretary, in the ab-
sence of the Vice President I address you, sir,
and send to your desk a resolution which I ask
to have acted upon at once.
The SECRETARY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers the following resolution, and
asks for it3 present consideration :
Resolved, That in the absence of the Vico Presi-
dent Hon. HenuyB. Axthoxy, of the State of Rhode
Island, be, and he is hereby, chosen President pro
tempore of the Senate.
The resolution was adopted nem. con.
The SECRETARY. Mr. Anthony will be
pleased to take the chair.
The President pro tempore then took the
chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. SUMNER. I send a resolution to the
Chair, which I ask to have acted upon at once.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, andiutbrmhiui that, in the
