THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
each session to impose a new condition when
the States have gone on to take action under
the laws as Congress enacted them ? The
States are acting as they have done in Virginia
and Mississippi and Texas, all of which have
held conventions in pursuance of the recon-
struction acts ; all of which have formed con-
stitutions ; allof which have those constitutions
ready now to be submitted to the people; and
iri case they are ratified by the people, by a
popular, vote, and they comply with the other
conditions prescribed in the acts under which
this action is taken, Congress has given its sol-
emn pledge that those States shall be entitled
to restoration to their former position in the
Union. Now the Senator from Indiana pro-
poses to make an additional requirement that
they shall ratify another constitutional amend-
ment not deemed advisable at the time the
reconstruction acts were passed. Suppose the
States go on. and comply with that requisition,
(lieu are they to be told when they have done
that and come here at a subsequent session of
Congress, "You must do something else?"
Jfc seems to me there should be an end to
this, and ! think there is no practical import-
ance in it. Let me say to the Senator from
Indiana that I have not the least question as to
the adoption of the fifteenth constitutional
amendment by these States when they shall
organize under the reconstruction acts. Who
doubts that one of their first acts will be to do
•that? I think there is no reasonable doubt that
peh would be the case. But upon principle it
is wrong, as it seems to me, to require it in
advance. It is imposing a new condition; it is
breaking faith on the part of the Government of
the United States with these people, who have
been :proceeding under our acts to do those
very things on the completion of which we
have told them '' You shall be restored to your
relations with the Union." Now you propose
to impose a new requirement, that they shall
give their assent to another proposed constitu-
tional amendment. I see no necessity for
this; I think it is bad policy; and to insist
upon it will be very likely to lead to a pro-
tiracted_ debate, and may perhaps defeat any
legislation unless we prolong the session be-
yond to-morrow. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from Indiana should have offered this
amendment, and I hope he will not persist in
it upon this bill. If it is to pass let it pass as
a separate measure.
I regard this amendment
as of "the utmost importance. I shall certainly
not withdraw it. If the Senate chooses to vote
ltdown itcando so. Nor do I perceive the force
of the arguments against it. The Senator says
it would be a breach of faith. How a breach
of faith ? I hesc States have not accepted the
conditions we proposed to them. How are we
bound? They have accepted nothing; but they
have stood out in hostility up to this time against
the terms we have offered. It is our right to
propose as many conditions as we see fit, so
that they are proper and just in themselves.
I here is no faith to be violated, no promise to
be taken back.
The. Senator says that he has no doubt that
these States will ratify the fifteenth article any-
C , 6 e!Uertai."S "O doubt upon that, he
ought to have no objection to our putting this
on the bill. It cannoido any harm. It is not
imposing upon them anything that will be dis-
agreeable according to his own statement. Bu 11
have doubts. Some of the reconstructed States
would not have ratified the fourteenth article
if they had not been required to do it as a con-
dition of representation. These States have
stood out; they have been hostile to our plan
of reconstruction until another amendment has
become necessary, and it has been proposed by
Congress to the several States ; His an amend-
ment right in itself.
We have already required these States as a
eoudition that they shall put universal suffrage
in their State constitutions; aud if they pro-
pose to accept that in good faith in their State
constitutions what objection can they have to
putting it into the Constitution of the United
States? None whatever. If they shall object
to putting it into the Constitution of the United
States it will be because they do not accept it
in good faith in their State constitutions, and
are relying upon remodeling their State consti-
tutions and depriving colored men of the right
of suffrage. It is important that we have this
question settled, that it shall not hang over the
States for the next four years.
So far as I am concerned, T would rather see
this bill fail than to pass without this amend-
ment attached to it. I would rather see the
whole matter go over until the next session of
Congress. I will speak frankly here on the
subject. I know what the expectation of the
opposing party is. They know the prejudice
that has existed in the western States in regard
to negro suffrage, and I know tliat the Demo-
cratic party desire to keep this question open
as an element of political success in the elec-
tions of 1870 and of 1872. Look at what has
taken place in the State of Indiana. The Demo-
cratic party in the State of Indiana, for the
purpose of preventing the Legislature, which
has a large majority of Republicans in both
houses, from ratifying the amendment and to
keep it as an open question, broke up the Legis-
lature by every man of them resigning. That
Legislature was called together again yesterday,
and I am advised that the very moment the
amendment is presented the Democratic mem-
bers will again resign. They have made the
calculation that without the votes of Virginia,
of Texas, and of Mississippi the amendment
cannot be ratified unless it receives the vote of
Indiana. Indiana they regard, therefore, as
the pivotal State upon which the ratification of
the amendment is to turn ; but if it shall be
ratified by these three unreconstructed States
it will then become a part of the Constitution
without the vote of Indiana, and the revolu-
tionary measure that has been adopted in the
State of Indiana will net be successful after all.
Now, sir, if we shall make the ratification
of the_ fifteenth article a condition of the recon-
struction of these States just as we did the rati-
fication of the fourteenth article these States
will accept it at once, they will ratify it without
a moment's delay, and then it will become a
part of the Constitution; the question will be
taken out of our politics forever, and the Dem-
ocratic revolution in Indiana will have failed;
otherwise this question will be kept open during
the elections of 1870 and 1872. Therefore, I
repeat, I would rather see this bill fail and the
whole matter go over until the next session
of Congress than to have it pass without this
amendment. Sir, it is right in itself. There
is no breach of faith involved. It is of vast
importance to the country, and it is of vast im-
portance to the party to which I claim to belong.
If the people of the southern States in coming
iu are not willing to put this amendment into
the Constitution of the United States it will be
proof that they are not accepting their State I
constitutions in good faith, and that they are )
relying upon subsequently amending their State
constitutions so as to strike colored suffrage
from them.
, every point of view tliis amendment is
right, proper, and necessary ; and I trust that
no member of the Senate who is a friend to the
fifteenth article will refuse to vote to put it on
this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I had hoped that this
amendment might be voted on without debate,
and certainly I will not contribute to prolong
the debate now. I wish, however, to answer
one suggestion with which the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana begins and concludes his
remarks, and that is, that no breach of faith
would be involved in imposing now anew funda-
mental condition or condition-precedent to be
complied with before these States can be repre-
sented. Let me present to the Senate only for
a moment the case of Virginia. Has Virginia
refusedto comply ? Does Virginia stand mute ?
Is she in contempt or in default in regard to
• e reconstruction laws? On the contrary
complying as Virginia has done, as far forth as
sue Has been permitted, with every condition
having done every act set before her, she is
arrested in her progress here. How? By a
report from the commanding general that for
lack of money furnished by the United States
he was unable to hold that election, without
which Representatives from the State of Vir-
ginia could not take their seats in the two
Houses. Is it true of her, as the honorable
Senator affirms, that her recreance, her obsti-
nacy, her non-compliance, has left her properly
and fairly liable to the imposition of new and
unthoughtof conditions? Not at all.
The Carolinas, Alabama, Louisiana, and
other States to which I might refer, were for-
tunate enough without any more merit in this
respect than Virginia to be permitted to vote
upon the question of ratifying the proposed
constitution, and following necessarily upon
that have come representation and restoration
to those States. In consequence of her calam-
ity alone, with no default unless it be our
default, the State of Virginia is not here. And
now, having over and over again, here and in
all the forms of public discussion, put ourselves
upon the ground that we were justified in the
reconstruction policy of Congress, because it
did that and only that and all of that which
was right and necessary, the honorable Sen-
ator declares that he would rather paralyze and
prostrate this measure than that we should not
add to it a new suggestion, a new condition of
which we never thought, at which we never
hinted in the case of any State which has been
restored, iior in the case of the remaining States
to which these terms were tendered and which
Virginia was prevented by our act from enjoy-
ing an opportunity of accepting.
Now, sir, as a friend of the fifteenth amend-
ment, as a friend of restoration, as a friend
of its completion, I earnestly hope that no pro-
cess involving the force, at least, if nothing
more of this proposition will be resorted to as
a means of promoting that amendment. If it
can be carried at all it must be carried before
the honest sense, the enlighteued judgment of
the American people; aud as far as it is even
by inadvertence associated with unfair dealing,
with a breach of faith, with an act which would
be deemed overreaching between man and
man, and recreant looking to the pli hted faith
of a great Government, so far as it is asso-
ciated with anything like that, in so far it is
contaminated by a stigma and a distrust which
ought not to rest upon it.
The purpose of this bill, as to Virginia at
least, is simply to pnt her in statu quo; to put
Virginia where she would have been had the
Government of the United States been able
and willing to execute on our part the terms
of the proposed contract. On that we can
stand ; but I submit to the honorable Senator
from Indiana and to the Senate that we cannot
stand either upon the affirmation that we had
better destroy this bill than not to adopt the
amendment he proposes, or, even if we had
time fully to discuss it, if it did not involve the
danger of losing the measure, the proposition
that we ought now to retreat f)'om our own po-
sition and to attempt to impose upon the State
of Virginia a new condition when it is not her
fault, but our fault, if it be fault at all, that she
has not complied wi'h the terms and conditions
heretofore proposed lo her.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not propose to tax
the patience of the Senate with anything like
a speech, and I should, perhaps, have been
willing to let this bill pass without any amend-
ment or any discussion; but as this amend-
ment has been proposed, I hope it will be
adopted by the Senate, and the experiment
can be tried, at any rate, as to whether or not
the measure can be carried through Congress
with this amendment.
The objection made is, as I understand it.
that it will be regarded as a breach of good
faith toward the States not now reconstructed
to incorporate such an amendment into this
bill, but I think it is too late in the day to talk
about good faith in reference to these States.
I remember when some of the States iu the
South had proceeded in conformity with the
