1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
reconstruction acts of Congress and made their
constitutions and submitted them to Congress,
that the honorable Senator from New York was
one of the Senators who declared that it was
necessary that those constitutions should be
changed by Congress; that some fundamental
condition should be attached to those consti-
tutions by Congress and accepted bytheSlates
befoie they should be entitled to resume their
former practical relations to the Union.
Mr. CONKLING-. My honorable friend is
quite mistaken about that. If he will indulge
me for a moment, I beg to point out his error.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly,
Mr. CONKL1NG. I was not one of those,
though that is not important, who advocated
that policy, but speaking for those who did
advocate it, all the way through their propo-
sition was that under the reconstruction acts
those States having adopted their constitutions,
those constitutions came to us for consider-
ation, for approval. Neither Virginia nor any
other State merely by adopting a constitution
was entitled, as a matter of course, to come in;
but the constitution, in the language of the
reconstruction acts, was to be submitted to Con-
gress for its approval, and certain Senators held
that that approval might be a qualified ap-
proval, as in the case of Georgia, based upon
the condition that a certain portion of it should
be annulled. That does not involve any such
question as this; nor was I one of those in
iavor of adopting the policy to which the Sen-
ator refers, which I think is so distinguishable
from this.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I am not mis-
taken in saying that the Senator from New
York insisted before the Senate that a cer-
tain provision of the constitution of Alabama
should be amended before that State should
be allowed to occupy its former position in the
Federal Union, because he said there was some
provision in that constitution which interfered
with the rights of certain citizens of his State
who owned real estate in Alabama, and I re-
member distinctly that I had the honor of a
controversy with the Senator from New York
upon that question. I do not regard this
amendment as any violation of good faith with
these States. Nothing has yet been perfected
as to the States named in it; everything is at
this time unsettled; and I insist that so long
as Congress claims jurisdiction over these
States, as it now does by means of this legisla-
tion, it is right to legislate as in its judgment
the best interests ot the whole country may
require. If in our judgment the security of
the colored people in the South requires that
this amendment should be incorporated into
the Constitution ot the United States, we have
the right, I maintain, to say to those States
that they shall accede to this proposition by
making this amendment a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States before they
become entitled to representation in Congress.
We hare required these States to provide in
their State constitutions for the extension of
suffrage to the colored people of the South;
and weadd nothing in requiring them to agree
that this shall be a part of the Constitution of
the United States, because it is certainly no
greater hardship to require them to say that
colored suffrage shall extend to all the States
than to say that it shall extend to certain par-
ticular States ; and if I understand the feeling
of the people of the South, they desire that
this should be put into the Constitution of the
United States and made applicable to every
State of this Union, and not alone made appli-
cable to the people of the southern States.
Now, I regard this more as an invitation to
these people to adopt this constitutional amend-
ment than iu any other light, for if the Presi-
dent, should provide for holding these elections
iu these several States, and under the procla-
mations which he might issue the Legislatures
of those, States should assemble, they would
understand tliat it would be necessaiy to adopt
this constitutional amendment, and when Con-
gross assembled on the first Monday of next
December they would be here folly qualified
with Senators and members to take their seats
in Congress, and there would be no objection
upon the ground that they had not adopted
this amendment, or that they had not done
something else which a majority of Congress
might think they ought to do. °
1 hope, therefore, that this amendment will
be adopted. I believe it is right and proper
that this provision should be made applicable
to all the States. I think at this time it is
invidious and unjust to say to the people of the
southern States that they shall have negro suf-
frage, and that it shall not be extended to other
States of the Union. And it is desirable that
the^ question should be settled. It is a question
which agitates arid disturbs the public mind ;
it is a question which has led to revolutionary
steps in some of the States. It is desirable for
the peace and welfare of the whole country,
lor the white people as well as the black, that
the question should be settled; and now we
have an opportunity to say to the people of the
unreconstructed States, *fGo on; organize
your State governments; recognize this con-
stitutional amendment which we propose ;
agree that it shall be a part of the Constitu-
tion, and come here on the first Monday of
next December with your Senators and Repre-
sentatives and take your place in the Union."
I can see no serious objection to this, and I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shail
detain the Senate but a short time by saying a
few words on this proposition. I believe the
bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, with a very few amendments to make
its meaning more clear by removing some am-
biguities, would pass the Senate iu ten min-
utes. I know ot nobody that is disposed to
make war upon it, whether he will vote for it
or not. But if this amendment is to be pressed,
it is my view—and I say it with great deference
to the Senator from Indiana—that it defeats the
bill. Perhaps that is all that it is necessary
for me to say, but I do wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to one consideration.
_ This is not a question that concerns Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, and Texas alone; it is a
question that concerns every State in the Union
whether the proposed fifteenth amendment
shall be apart of the Constitution of the United
States. Now, what is proposed to be done?
The power given to Congress is simply a power
to propose amendments, and when Congress
has executed that power it is functus officio,
as the lawyers say ; it has no right whatsoever
to coerce the States into action on them. The
States arc entitled to their free and unbiased
judgment upon the proposition that Congress
is authorized to submit. The power of Con-
gress is at an end when it has made the prop-
osition. But now the Senator from Indiana
proposes that Congress shall not only propose
an amendment to the Constitution, but that
Congress shall coerce three States into the
adoption of that amendment, not for them-
selves alone, but for every State in this Union:
that they shall force that constitutional amend-
ment, not simply upon Virginia, Mississippi.-
and Texas, but upon Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois as well, whatever may be the opinion of
the three last-named States.
When you coerce Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas to put this article in the Constitution
of the United States, to vote for it as a part of
the Constitution of the United States, you do
not coerce them alone. You coerce Ohio, you
coerce Indiana, you coerce Illinois, you coerce
every State whose people are unwilling to adopt
the amendment. If I understood the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, it is for the express
purpose of overriding the will of Indiana, the
pivotal State, as he says, that he wishes these
three States to be coerced into an adoption of
the amendment. I may misunderstand him,
but it seems so to me.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to explain?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Not to override the will of
the people of Indiana, but to override a revo
lutionary movement in Indiana, by which the
Legislature has been broken sp to prevent that
Legislature from ratifying the amendment, as
it otherwise would have done.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, I do not think
the explanation of the gentleman relieves the
difficulty. If the people of Indiana are in favor
of ratifying the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution, why is the Senator from Indiana
afraid to trust them on the question ? Why
does he wish the question passed upon by a
Legislature that was elected upon no such
issues, that was elected upon the Chicago
platform, which declared that to every loyal
State—and he will not deny that Indiana is a
loyal State—belonged the right to decide for
itself who should enjoy the privilege of suffrage
within it? It was upon that solemn pledge of
your party tnat you got a Republican majority
in the State of Indiana, a State that not only
voted against negro suffrage, but that adopted
its present constitution, by which negroes are
even prohibited from migrating to the State,
by ninety-one thousand majority. Now, I say,
it the people of Indiana are in favor of the
fifteenth amendment they can be trusted to
adopt it. Are they in favor of it ? The Senator
speaksofarevolutionary movementin Indiana.
Why, sir, it is not the first time that a minority
of a Legislature have resigned in order to pre-
vent the jiassage of a measure, that they might
take an appeal to the people. I remember
right well in my own State when every Whig
member of the Ohio Legislature resigned
preventwhat they considered an unfair congres-
sional apportionment bill from being passed.
Did anybody condemn them ? No, sir ; nobody
condemned them for thus resigning and bring-
ing^ the question directly before the people.
There are times when it is the duty of a mi-
nority to prevent the passage of an act which
they firmly believe is contrary to the will of the
people of their State. It is a lawful mode.
They are not bound to sit in their seats and
hold office and see passed over their heads an
act which they know or have good reasou to
believe a large majority of the people of their
State condemn. I grant it is a measure to be
resorted to only in the last resort; it is an ex-
treme measure; but no man is bound to hold
ofiice.^ If he sees fit, therefore, to resign his
office in order to allow the people to pass upon
a question there i3 no right to say that that is
a revolutionary measure. How do the people
of Indiana think about it, pray? Every man
who resigned has been returned to his seat in
that Legislature. In almost every district those
in favor of the fifteenth amendment did not
even dare to run a candidate. In one district
they did ; and that was a, district which had
heeii changed after ttie election of the senator
by striking off, I believe, a Democratic county
and putting on a Republican county, and the
district was largely Republican at the last presi-
dential election. What was the result iu that
district? A most eminent man was set up by
the Republican party against the resigning
senator—a man of character, of talents, it man
remarkable for his power on the stump as I am
told, an elector for President, I think, at the
last election iu Indiana. What was the result
in that district, now largely Republican? Why,
sir, that man was beaten some four, five, or six
hundred votes. I think, then, it may be well
assumed here that the people of the State of
Indiana are not in favor of the fifteenth amend-
ment. 1 think the indications all point that
way ; and if so, are they to be coerced by the
Congress of the United States into its adoption ?
for, as I said before, when you coerce Virginia,
when you coerce Mississippi, when you coereo
Texas to adopt this amendment, you coereo
Indiana as well, you override Indiana ; instead
of leaving to each State the free and untram-
meled choice to adopt or to reject this proposed
amendment you by force make it a part of the
Constitution of the United States.
Perhaps I owe an apology for taking up even
this much time upon this question. The able
Senators from Illinois and New York, it does
seem to me, have made appeals to the major-
