m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
,lty ,of the Senate that ought to touch the heart
j>t every honorable man within it. I do not say
that a.man would be dishonorable who did
not thiiik as they do; but when I listened to
iheir* detail of ljow this Congress has pledged
to the "people of the South that if they did this
- |Mng and that thing and the other thing they
.should be restored to all their fights, and than
jjpipaght tt|at here^ was an attempt to add
Another" condition-precedent, and that if this
were.to prevail there would be no end to con-
| diiioos-precedent, it did seem to me that every
§ensrtor ought to feel that this amendment
Should not prevail. I hope that the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
. I am perfectly frank to say that with my
view of the Constitution I cautiot vote for this
biU, but I am not here to make any war upon
.it.. I repeat what I said before, that if this
'amendment is voted down then, with a few
SSm^ndaients to remove obscurities in the bill,
,1 believe it can pass the Senate in ten minutes'
time.
. "The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. DRAKE and Mr. MORTON called for
the' yeas and riays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Drake, Harris, Howard,
McDonald, Morrill, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool,
IJratt,"Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Schurz, Sher-
ifian, Stewart, Sumner. Thayer, Tipton. Warner,
lyiHtams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
-SFAxS—Messrs. Authony, Bayard, Boreman, Cas-
serjy, Cojakling, Davis, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry,
Bessenden, Fowler, McCreery, Norton, Patterson,
Sawyer, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbuli,
anO.Wilfey—20.
ABSENT — JH«ssrs. Cameron, Cattell, Corbett,
Cragin, Gilbert, ©rimes, Hamilton, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howe, Kellogg. Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Seott, Spencer,
affd Victors—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMB i/LL. There are some verbal
amendments that I think ought to be made to
the^ bill. Iu line seven of section one I move
to insert the word "then" before "regis-
tered." I will say a word in reference to this
amendment, and another which I shall also
propose in the second section to make the bill
a- little more specific. As the bill comes to us
from the House of Representatives it provides
.for,a correction of the lists of registered voters;
out it might be a little questionable whether
the constitution, as the bill comes to us, might
not he submitted to the persons already regis-
tered^ Senators will remember that the recon-
struction acts provide that at least fourteen days
before any election to be held under them  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
us .reminded of a remissness on his part.
,When the hour .of one o'clock arrived, it
became .the duty of the Chair to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone
that unfinished business until this matter is
disposed of; or let it be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside informally, if there be no objection,
and the consideration of the House bill No.
405 continued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reconstruction acts
provide that at least fourteen days before any.
election to be held under those acts the regis-
ters shall put upon the registry list all persons
j l ,? an(l are entitled to vote,
and shall strike from the list such as have been
improperly registered. The registration took
place nearly a year and a half ago in these
otateSj and of course since then many persons
have become of age who would be entitled to
vote and many have moved into those States
who would be entitled to v.ote. The original
law, and I presume the intention of the bfll as
it comes to us from the House, is to allow
these corrections to embrace the additions
which would be made by putting upon the lists
all those entitled to vote, but still it is not quite
clear. It would admit of the other construc-
tion, that nobody could vote except those who
were registered at the first making out of the
registry lists. In order to make it clear in that
respect I move, in line seven of section one, to
insert the word "then" before "registered,"
so that the constitution shall be submitted at
a time to be designated by the President to
" the then registered voters."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made if there be no objec-
tion. It is a verbal amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, in section two,
line seven, after the word "revised," to insert
the word "enlargedso that it will read :
And the officer commanding the district of Virginia
shall cause the lists of registered voters of said State
to bo revised, enlarged, and corrected prior to such
election.
So that it will admit of the adding of other
names.
ThePRESIDENT^iro tempore. That amend-
ment will be considered as adopted if there be
no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move, after the
word " election " in the same line, to insert
the words "according to law." The recon-
struction acts already provide how this is to be
done.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That amend-
ment will be considered as adopted if there be
no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee that the insert-
ing of the word "enlarged," unless it should
be put in the disjunctive, may be rather awk-
ward. Suppose nobody comes forward to be
added, how can it be enlarged?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably there
will be.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose there will;
but I suggest to him that it would be as well
to divide it by saying "or" instead of "and."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatamend-
m'ent will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Upon reflection I think
"and" is a better word, as the Senator from
New York will perceive; for if we put in the
word "or" it would be in the alternative.
Mr. CONKLING-. I only make the sugges-
tion. I think it is clear enough as it is now.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The word
"and" will remain as it is in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish further to amend
the latter part of this section. It now reads:
And such elections shall be held and returns thereof
made in the manner provided by the election ordi-
nance adopted by the convention which framed said
constitution.
_ The Senate will observe that subsequent sec-
tions provide for submitting the constitutions
of Texas and Mississippi. If the election in
Virginia is to be carried on according to the
mode prescribed by the election ordinance of
that State it would also have to be carried on
in Texas and Mississippi according to the or-
dinances of those States- The Senate does not
know what they are. I have the constitution
of Virginia before me, and I observe that the
ordinance providing for the election iu that
State is very similar to, I think to the same
effect _ as, the mode prescribed by the recon-
struction acts for conducting the election ; and
I think it will be better that these elections
should be conducted and the returns made
according to the mode prescribed by the recon-
struction acts in all these States. Then it will
all be the same and all be under the direction
of the commanding officer, and the returns will
be made to him. I think it would be better
that the election should be conducted under
the direction of the commanding officer rather
than according to the ordinances that have
been adopted by these various States. I there-
fore move to strike out in lines ten and eleven
of the second section the words "election
ordinance adopted by the convention which
framed said constitution," and to insert the
words " acts of Congress commonly called the
reconstruction acts;" so that the clause will
read:
And said elections shall be heldand returns thereof
mado m Uie manner provided by the acts of Con-
gress commonly called the reconstruction acts.
The .amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another slight
amendment that I wish to offer. In line four
of section five the word "States" should be
"State," and the word "respectively" ought
to be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
amendments will be made, being verbal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section six, lines four
and five, the word "respectively" should be
stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr.TRUMBULL. And then another a-mend-
ment should be made, as will be observed.
The section as it now stands authorizes the
President of the "United States to "suspend,
until the action of the Legislature elected under
the constitution, all laws that he may deem
unjust and oppressive to the people." That
would authorize the President of the United
States to suspend an act of Congress, any law
that he thought unjust or oppressive. That
undoubtedly is not the meaning of the authors
of the bill. They only intended to give the
commanding officer, under the direction of the
President, authority to suspend State laws or
pretended State laws in these rebel States.
The language, it will be seen, is too broad. I
therefore move to insert between the words
"all" and "laws," in the fifth line,-the words
"pretended or real State," so that it will
authorize the commanding officer, under the
authority of the President, to suspend all pre-
tended or real State laws that he may deem
unjust and oppressive.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Illinois whether it would not look a little
bad to authorize the President of the United
States to suspend a real State law? Why is it
not better to strike out the whole section and
leave it as the acts of Congress now do, a mil-
itary government? The commandinggeneral,
under the direction of the President of the
United States then can, in fact, suspend any
law except acts of Congress down there, be-
cause he can prevent their execution ; and
that, ih substance, is doing if. I should be
sorry to put into an act of Congress now a pro-
vision authorizing the President of the United
States to suspend a real State law, which must
be a constitutional and existing law of a State.
I suggest to my friend whether it would not be
better to leave it as the law now is?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the suggestion
of the Senator from Vermont reaches the ob-
ject which I have in view, and that this is
already provided for by the present recon-
struction acts ; but my desire was to ehange
this House bill just as little as possible, and
hkve no controversy with the House about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had better have it
right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite willing to
withdraw my amendment and let the sixth sec-
tion be stricken out. I do not think that there
is any object in it. I think the commanding
general has all the authority necessary under
the reconstruction acts, as they are called, and
if it will be more satisfactory to the Senate it
will be quite as much so to me to let the whole
sixth section be stricken out.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand, and I wish
to state to the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Vermont, that this very sugges-
tion was considered somewhat thoroughly in
the House, and it was deemed a matter of mo-
ment to have this section there; the conclusion
of the committee being, after an examination
of the ease, as I understand, that the Presi-
dent had not the power equivalent to thathcre
sought to be conferred. The purpose being to
adhere as nearly as we may to the bill as it came
from the House, perhaps we had better ponder
a moment before striking this sectiou out.# If
it can be so modified as to meet the views of
both these Senators without being expunged,
I think that would be the better course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I, of course, have not the
advantage that ray friend from New York pos-
sesses as to what the House of Representatives
think about this section; and I do not know
