1809.
THE CON GrliESS10iNTAL GLOBE.
m
that it would be an u,qv;iui age to me if I did
have that knowledge. But certainly if any one
thing is settled in the last three years under
the reconstruction laws, as we call them, it is
that the commanding general of one of those
departments, who is selected by the President
of the United States, has supreme military con-
trol over those people, and he may permit any
of the local authorities to carry on local gov-
ernment just so far and in just such a way as
he pleases ; and wo know, as a matter of fact,
that these military commanders have, under
those laws, stopped the execution of old State
laws, stopped the execution of civil adminis-
tration in whatever way they thought the peace
and good Older of those societies required.
Now, then, to go forward with this additional
section and propose to authorize the President
of the United States to suspend any law which
is understood, in either a political or a legal
sense as a law. it appears to me is a thing alto-
gether unjnstiiiable ; an authority that ought
not to be delegated to any functionary what-
ever, because it is purely legislative authority.
If. therefore, we leave supreme military con-
trol over the action of society there we reach
in another way all the practical results which
anybody ought to desire. The difficulty of
framing a proper provision oil the basis of this
section is the one which suggested itself to my
mind when the amendment offered by my friend
from Illinois was proposed. It does not do to
say meiely "pretended State laws,'' because
he has a right to disregard those now. Any-
body has a right to disregard a pretended law
that is not a real one. When you come to the
real one, which has the force of law because
it has been constitutionally enacted and is still
in force as a law, then you are imparting to the
President of the United Soatesa power that he
ought, not to possess, as it seems to me. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will be willing to let
this section go out, and to leave the recon-
siruciion acts which have not failed, so far as
I know, iu their practical administration, to
operate daiiiig this intervening period of time.
Air. COXKblXG. I did not refer to what
the House thought about this section. I am
sorry that by seeming to do so I entrapped my
honorable friend into a very damaging admis-
sion, which must go to the extent that some
part of the proceedings in the Globe he has
not read. If he had he would know what the
House aid say about it, although I did not refer
to it. I spoke of what the committee in the
House, as I was told, thought of it. That I
repeat upon information ; and I call the atten-
tion of the Senator, as he has referred to what
tin* Ilojse thought about it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will excuse
1110, I have not. except as deprecating that
what the House thought of it, or any commit-
tee of the House thought of it, was not a proper
subject for our consideration here.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I have not
stated, within the rule as to which the Senator
has shown some sensitiveness before, what the
House did think or what the committee thought.
Now, I will repeat what I intended to state,
which I believe is within the rule, that in the
House committee this matter was considered—
that the report shows—and it was there deemed
of substance. I think I am within the rule
also as calling attention to the published de-
bates of the House to show that it was stated
there—I have not the document before me to
which reference is made—-that the district com-
manders and the other military authorities had
themselves doubted whether they had the right
without this legislation to interpose, as the Sen-
ator from Vermont, argues they may. My
idea has been like his, that they had the power
under the reconstruction acts, but I am told as
to the poll-tax 111 Mississippi, and as to other
laws alleged to be oppiessive, the district com-
manders b; ve doubted, the military author
ities have dovbted. and the doubt, has gone so
far that they have withheld action upon it.
whether they had any right to interpose and
suspend such a law. Attention, I see, was
called to that fact in the House ; and whether
41*T !A)N0. LT >SK<S.-—"NO. J'2.
for that reason or for others, I do not know,
the committee of the House deemed this sec-
tion important. I agree with the Senator from
Vermont about the law, but I see no harm in
declaring the law as we believe it is rather than
to run the risk of having a subject of division
between the two Houses just now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on amending the bill by striking out the
sixth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to add the follow-
ing as section seven, or it will now be section
six, in idace of the section just stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana has offered a new section, which will come
in as section six. 1 presume.
Air. EDAIUNDS. Then I offer the follow-
ing as an additional section:
And be -it further enacted, Tfuit the proceedings in
any of said States shall not be deemed final or oper-
ate as a complete restoration thereof until their ac-
tion respectively shall be approved by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. The first section, asamend-
ed on the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
now reads, in the sixth, seventh, and eighth
lines, as follows:
On Tuesday, the 3d day of December, 1857. to the
then registered voters of said State for ratification
and rejection.
That means, as road, the voters who were
registered on the 3d day of December, 1867,
which I do not understand to be the intention
of the honorable Senator from Illinois. I theie-
fore offer an amendment, to strike out the
words "registered voters of said State," and
to insert in lieu thereof the words 14 voters of
said State registered at the date of said sub-
mission.*'
Mr. TRUMBULL. That makes it more
specific. I think the word *i then1' would refer
back to the submission for its antecedent, but
it is only to make it more certain. I have no
objection to having it made specific, which it
is by the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended to say anything on this bill $ but since
the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Moktox] 1 can-
not refrain, however unavailing it may be, from
expressing my opposition to the whole measure.
I was opposed to the bill as it came from the
House, but having understood that the people
of Virginia and Mississippi and Texas were
willing to accept it in the form iu which the
House passed it, I had determined to say
nothing upon the subject at all, and give a
silent vote. I might as well now give a silent
vote, I know, except that I want to enter ray
protest against the measure. If the people of
the States of this Union 
Mr. FESSENT>EN\ I ask my friend from
Kentucky if he will allow me to submit a re-
port from a conference committee which it is
necessary to act upon ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
report is presented the Chair will receive a
message from the House of Representatives.
JILSSAUE FE03I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 75) to facilitate tho construction
of the court-house at Springfield, Illinois ; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
}">EFi«"'n-:xCY APP!:onnT \ttox hill.
Mr. FES3EXDEN. The committee of con-
ference ou the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 004, being the dt-fieienev bill,
have agreed upon a report, whkh 1 send to tho
Chair; and I ask for its present consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as lollops :
The committee of conference o\i the  l«sag:i evin&
votes of the two Houses on the amendment:* to the
bill (H. R. No. dd4) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869,
and additional appropriations for tho year ending
June 80, 1870, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate reccde from their amendments
numbered 10,11,12,13,14,15, 16,17,18,19, 20, 30, 31,
and 36.
That the House recede from, their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 7,22. 25.
27, 32, 37, 38, 39, and 42, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said amendment tho words "fifty-three " and infert in
lieu thereof the words "forty-seven;"andtheSenate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
thetwenty-third amendment of the Senate andagrco
to the same with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following: "Pro-
vided. That any portion of the sums appropriated in
the three preceding items which mav be necessary
and also'any portion of the amount appropriated for
the court-house at Springfield, Illinois, by an act
making appropriations for sundry civil cspensesof
tbe Government for the year eoding June 30. 1870,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,1869, may
be expended daiing the current year;" and the Sen-
ate agree io the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the word " forty " and
insert in lieu the word "twenty;*' and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-first amendment of tho Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out all of said amendment alter the enacting clause
and insert in lieu the following: "That the Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company be, and they are hereby,
required to increase their rate of discount lor prompt
payment to eighteen and three fourths per ccnt.
from and after the 1st day of Novctnbernextand
the Senate agree to the same.
W. P. FESSENBEN,
HENRY WILSON,
ALEX. RAMSEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
F. C. BEAMAK,
\YM. LOUGHRIDGE,
W. E. NIBLACK.
Managers on the port of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an item in the
report which I think will obviate the necessity
for the joint resolution which has just come in
from the House of Representatives. I will
read it, and the Senator from Illinois can see
whether it does or not. There are two amend-
ments providing for expending this year money
appropriated for the next year for two custom-
houses, one at Portland and one at Ogdeus-
burg, and for another purpose. We have added
the following proviso:
Provided, That any portion of the sums appro-
priated in the three preceding items which ma> bo
necessary, and also any portion of the amount ap-
propriated for a court-house at Springfield, Illinois,
by an act making appropriations ior certain civil
expenses of the Guvernmentfor theyear ending Juno
30.1S70, and fur other purpo=e«, approved March 3,
1869, may be expended during the current fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that covers this
joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPbersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 19) enabling actual settlers to pur-
chase certain lands of the Great and Little
Osage Indians.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 140) to amend
an act entitled '' An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 20, 1868, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Ho'i^s iheiY'in, and had appointed Mr, R. C.
Schick of Ohio. Mr. VT. U. Allison of Iowa,
and Mr. S. Akchek of Maryland, managers at
the same on its part. ,
On motion bv Mr. SHERMAN, the benate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
