858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
bill (£f. B. No. 140) to amend an act entitled
"An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes," approved
July 20, 1808, disagreed to by the House; and,
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments fco the said bill disagreed toby the House of
Representatives, and njrree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Hou^t s thereon,
Ordered, That tbe conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Shkrman, Mr. MorrilLj and Mr. Bayard.
OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. PGMER05T submitted the following
report:
The committeeof eonference upon tbe disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon, the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 19) enabling actualsettlers to purchase certain
lands of the Grreat and Little Osage Indians, have
met, and after full and free conference have agreed
to reeommend,anddo recommend to their respective
Houses as fallows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
tbe aznendmentof the House and agree to the same
with an amendment, namely: strike out all of tiie
House amendwentfrom the word "acre" in the four-
teenth line to the word "under" in the nineteenth
line* < nd in lieu of those words insert "within two
years from the passage of thi3 act."
And at the end of the joint resolution insert the
fo lowing proviso, namely: " Provided hoivever, That
nothing in this act shall be construed in any manner
as affecting any legal rights heretofore vested in any
other party or parties;" and that the House agree to
the same,
S. C. P0MER0Y.
JAMES HARLAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
GEORGE W. JULIAN,
S. CLARKE,
THOMAS S-VVANN.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the result?
Mr.POM.EROY. The only difference from
what the Committee on Public Lands agreed
on is that the Senate passed a bill giving actual
settlers this land at $2 50 an acre; tbe House
voted to give it to them at §1 25 and allow
them two years time to pay for it in two equal
annual installments. Thecommittee of con-
ference agreed that the settlers may bave it
at $1 25, and we provided that the legal rights
of no party shall be affected.
The report was concurred in.
KNROLLKD BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker ot the House had signed the
following,enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 38) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the thir-
teenth Tennessee cavalry;
A bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial
system of the United Slates;
A bill (S. ^o. 60) legalizing the stamping
of certain subscription papers executed and
issued to the Iowa Northern Central Railroad
Company; and
A bill (S. No. 76) regulating the rights of
property of married women in the District of
Columbia.
VIRGINIA, MISSISSIPPI, AND TJiXAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. II.'
No. 405)^ authorizing the submission of the
eonstitutionsof Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
to a vote of the people', and authorizing the
election of State officers provided by the said
constitutions, and members of Congress.
. r- DAVIS. I was about to remark when
interrupted that among tbe most sacred rigtt3
and liberties of the people of each State of
the Union was perfect freedom in voting upon
the quesiion of all propositions to amend the
Constitution. It certainly presents a very
strange anomaly for Congress to pass a law for
the purpose of constraining a State in its vote
upon the ratification or rejection of a proposed
amendment to the Constitution. I hold that
nothing could be more improper or more cen-
surable for Congress to attempt to do. These
States now are proposed to be coerced as it
W#re intotha aceeptaaceoftbefifteenti amend-
ment of the Constitution. My belief is that
these three States have as much right to their
full self government and to express their will
in relation to all proposed amendments to the
Constitution as any other States of the Union.
I hold that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana, and which the Senate
has adopted, is entirely in destruction of that
right of the people of those States. Congress
would have as much power and there would be
as much propriety in endeavoring to coerce the
action of the State of Indiana or any other
State of the Onion upon the question of the
acceptance or rejection of the proposed fif-
teenth amendment. Sir, I never will give my
sanction to an act of Congress that has any
such feature in it, and I think it will be a pre-
cedent of great and incalculable evil to this
country in its future history. I cannot con-
ceive of a greater wrong offered to the people
of any State than such a motive to control
their vote as is held out in this bill now to the
three States of Virginia. Mississippi, and Texas.
It is an attempt to control them that has
never been applied to any State of the Union,
not even to the other States that were in re-
bellion during the late civil war; and by what,
reasoning or principle gentleman can recon-
cile themselves to give such a vote as that is
beyond my comprehension.
Mr. President, I regard the entire system
of congressional reconstruction as unconstitu-
tional and revolutionary. If my State were
in the predicament of these three States, I
never would give my consent to the accept-
ance of the measure as it passed the House,
much less with the greater and more objection-
able feature that has been attached to it by
tho amendment offered by the Senator from
Indiana. I would prefer a military govern-
ment for an indefinite period of time to a
government of negroes and of demagogues
erected upon the ruins of the State constitu-
tion, and in utter disregard of some of the
most essential principles of the Federal Consti-
tution. If I were a representative from either
of the States named there is no consideration
of temporary expediency or good, there is no
prospect of immediate rehabilitation as a State
in the Union that could be proposed by any-
thing growing out of or connected with the
reconstruction policy of Congress, that would
ever induce me to accept it. I would prefer
that my people should remain out of the Union,
under a military government or any other con-
dition of chaos that Congress might think fit
to impose upon them, sooner than to submit
to the deep humiliation of the terms proposed
by the measure as it passed tbe House. But
Submission to all that is not sufficient to
appease the majority of the Senate. They
require these States to turn their faces to Con-
gress and to be kicked by them ; and if they
consent to do so it only establishes that they
are ready to be slaves and ought to be slaves.
Mr. President, I do not intend to say many
words in this my protest against this measure:
but in connection with it 1 wish to read an ex-
tract from a Philadelphia Radical paper that
has relation to some of the transactions that
are now going on in San Domingo. Many of
the gentlemen on the other side have not lost
the fascination with which the idea of negro
suffrage has enchained them. Some of them,
I admit, are giving up that delusion. It will
not be many years before all of them will give
up that delusion, because the northern and
northwestern States, the old free States, will
learn that they cannot control the negro vote
of the southern States. They will learn that
there will be a peculiar sectional interest in
those southern States that will be embraced
and supported both by the white and negro
population : and the effect and consequence
of this sectional interest will be to form opin- j
ions and sentiments and schemes of aggrand- i
izement of the southern States peculiar to '
them that will isolate their entire vote, white I
and negro, from the control of the northern |
States and of their politicians. That dejwue- I
merit is certain to take place. The events of 1
the last few months prove it beyond all ques-
tion, and gentlemen may reconcile themselves
to its consummation in a veiy short time. The
white population in the States that have a
heavy negro population will take possession
of the negro vote. They will control it. They
will adopt a policy that will promote the inter-
ests and the views of the white and the black
population of their own section ; and in for-
warding this policy lliey will unite and they
will act together, and their action will be in
hostility to the policy of the old free States.
Gentlemen who entertain a different conclu-
sion than that hug a delusion, and it will not
be long before they will be aroused from it.
But my objection to the negro vote secured
by the fifteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion, and to every proposition that tends to
establish that principle, is based upon my per-
fect conviction of the utter inability of that
race to take any part in the great business of
self-government. If I believed now that the
party with which I am acting, or any party to
which I might belong, could control every
negro vote in the United States of America, I
would be as hostile to sharing political power
with negroes, by permitting them to vote or to
hold office, as I would be if I knew tiiat that
whole vote was to be thrown in conflict with
my policy and my views ; because 1 consider
that they will be but a disturbing element in
the government of tbe counti'3', and instead of
conducing to any good, the entire negro vote
will be used for purposes of demagogery,
either local or general. In the southern States
that have a large negro population a few men
will get the entire control of that vote. They
will manage it and throw it with a view to
their own interests and their own objects, and
those interests and objects will be m conflict
with the objects and the interests of the people
of their States at large.
I have during the last three or four years
oeci.iionally attempted to adduce some proof
of the entire unfitness and incompetence of
the negro race to take part in self-government.
I will advert for only a few moments to an-
other evidence that I have on my table. If
there ever was a negro community of which I
have any knowledge that was in a condition,
from numbers, intelligence, and the almost
entire absence of white population from
among them, to establish and maintain self-
government, it is the negroes of San Domingo.
They have been engaged in that experiment
now for three quarters of a century. Tiiey
threw off their domestic slavery and estab-
lished a negro community independent of tbe
whites in 1798, and every day's existence of
the Island of San Domingo and its population
from that day to the present time has demon-
strated the entire inadequacy of the negro
mind to the purposes of self-government. I
will read a comment on the existing condition
of things in San Domingo taken from a Phila
delphia Radical paper:
"Il.iyh.—Tho dispatches of Admiral Hoff, United
States J?avy, to tho Department aunounee iliat the
state ot affairs at A a x Oayes 13 111 a deplorable con-
dition. A revolting series of military executions has
been carried out at Aux Cayes by tbe rebel author-
ities. Among other persons shot was General Bugila,
who, although honorably acquitted before a cuurt-
raartiai tor suffering a defeat, in consequence of the
flight of his soldiers, was summarily executed, by
orderof Dominique, the rebel leader. General Men-
tor, who had refused to join thercvoliition, was ti ied
by court-martial and condemned to six month,--' im-
piisonment. Notwithstanding this sentence. Men-
tor, unable to stand in tionaeciuenoe of illness, was
taken out of his cell, tied in a chair, and, with others,
shot down with grape and canister. Several other
persons were shot without any torm of trial, upon
the mere denunciation of unlcnown individuals for
having spoken against tho revolution. Tho reason
for this wholesale butchery is given as follows: upon
tee arrival ot Silnave's forces before the town of
Aux Caj'es, ;tnd up, n the first attack, the prisoners
in the jail were ordered into the eourt-yaid of the
prison. Tile sieli were c irried down, the doors were
thrown open, and a di-a-harjre of nin-ketry wa* fned
into them, 'f his hebif; found msullieifnt to kill fast
enough, rounds ot grape ami cjm'-.U'r vycro directed
asaiiiit them to hasten their die.ullul butchery.
Many women wore tints saoiiiiecd, t'nowive.-- and sis-
ters of parties charged with having joined rial nave's
party. One hundred and nine pert,ons were in the
prison, aioong them ten women, who were all killed.
Cape Haytien is surruunded by thi! robels. and tho
