1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
entitled to representation? Not so, sir; fori
understand another amendment has been pre-
sented and adopted that again they must pre-
sent themselves before their captors, again I
pass beneath their bow and spear, to learn
what new terms may yet be exacted before
they shall be admitted to representation in the
two Houses of Congress. I do not suppose
that any opposition of mine or of those with
whom I act in this body can have any effect
upon this vote, but justice to myself and justice
to my State urged me to say what I have said,
and I believe it to be true in respect to this
measure now before the Senate, which I aver
to be a most dishonest act of legislation.
Mr. CASSEELY. Mr. President, what is
the character of the measure now presented to
us for final action? As it came from the House
it presented features which as an original ques-
tion must have excited for it the opposition of
those who think with me respecting the grave
constitutional objections to the whole series of
measures known as the reconstruction policy
of Congress. It was, however, as it came in
heie, a means provided for the carrying outof
f hat policy in the three States named, Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas. It was a compliance
aKo with the message received a few days ago
in both Houses of Congress from the distin-
guished man at the head of the Government,
put there by the party which controls the polit-
ical majority of this Congress. That message,
with the simplicity and directness which we so
often attribute to the soldier when he lays down
his sword to take up the pen, suggested for the
action of Congress two distinct points. First,
whether some steps should not be taken to
submit the constitution of 1868 to the people
of Virginia; and, in the next place, whether
similar steps should not be taken to resubmit
lo the people of Mississippi the constitution
rejected by them some time ago. They were
plain recommendations. They confined them-
selves to the object aimed at by the President.
What was that object? It was the restoration
of those States as speedily as possible to their
relations willi the Union.
These suggestions of the message were fully
considered in the other House of Congress, and
the result was the measure which has come here,
and which is of the character I have described.
Considering upon what inspiration that
measure was framed; considering under what
circumstances it was passed in the other House;
considering the object to be attained—the res-
toration of these States to their relations with
the Union ; considering how not a single Re-
publican Senator has spoken in this discus-
sion who lias not taken pains to declare that
nothing was so dear to his heart as the accom-
plishment. of that grand result; considering all
this, why is it that Senators have been found
to insist on interpolating into this measure the
amendment which has excited so much oppo
sition? But for that the measure would have
gone through this body almost as a matter of
course. The Democratic members of this body,
however opposed upon principle to the gen-
eral policy of which this bill is a part, and of
which it is in some sort the logical comple-
ment, would have contented themselves with
expressing their views by their votes. That,
however, lias not seemed to be the policy of
the gentlemen who control the political action
of this body. For reasons best known to them-
selves, and which we can only infer from the
surrounding circumstances, they propose to
alter in a material point the measure sent
here by the House. They propose to make it
as a condition of any result to be obtained
from the House measure that shall look to the
restoration of these States to the Union that
each of them shall by its Legislature_ accept
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution,
i have from the desk a copy of this amend-
ment to the House measure, which I shall
read, that we may all understand precisely
whnt is under discussion, and for what we are
asked to vote:
.1 ;..y hf it further enacted. That before the States
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas shall be admitted
to representation in Congress their several Legisla-
tures wbich may be hereafter lawfully organized
shall ratify the fifteenth article which has been pro
posed by Copgrress to the several States as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
This is the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Indiana, and adopted up to this
point in this body. Besides this the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr, Edmuxds] has
fastened on the measure another amendment
to the' general effect that everything done in
the three States under the resolution shall be
subject to the action of Congress. In other
words, although everything shall have been
done by the people of those States necessary
under the general scope of the measure to
restore them to the Union, even though they
may submit to the further and most unexpected
demand made upon them, that, will they nill
they, they shall adopt thefifteenth amendment;
that after all this, and notwithstanding all this,
they are still to be waiters on the discretion of
Congress; that Congress reserves the right to
say even then whether they are restored to
their relations to the Union; nay, that Con-
gress reserves the power to impose upon those
States new conditions, even more humiliating,
even more rigorous, if more humiliating and
more rigorous conditions there can be, than
those imposed by this bill.
What do Senators really mean ? They avow
their disposition to withdraw these questions
from politics; they have much to say of their
earnest desire for a settlement of these three
States; yet they refuse to adopt the House
measure, which, as it best secures these results,
should best satisfy them. They insist upon an
amendment which they must know is an ele-
ment of further disquiet, of new troubles, of
increased disturbance in the States of Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas, and in the country. Do
they not know—will any Senator say, upon
his responsibility as a Senator, that he does
not know that the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Indiana, backed up as it is by
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, will increase in a very marked degree
the repugnance of the people of those three
States to accept the terms proposed of the
House bill? Is there one man, in or out of
this body, who does not know it almost with
a judicial certainty of knowledge? Who does
not know that the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana will endanger if not defeat the so-
called reconstruction of those States and their
return into the Union? I ask, sir, is that the
precise effect aimed at? There may be another
object. I can understand how Senators who \
are struggling against an irresistible public \
opinion in their own States—a public opinion !
whichis inflexibly arrayed against this fifteenth >
amendment—should look anxiously abroad for 1
the means to force upon their States an odious
change in the Constitution which the people '
of those States are certain indignantly to re-
ject. lean readily comprehend that the Sena-
tor from Indiana, who gave us the first of the j
two amendments, has been so struck by the j
emphatic attitude of his own State against the j
fifteenth amendment, as described here by the i
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thuemax] without j
the possibility of contradiction, that he fiuds j
it extremely desirable to wring from these i
wretched States of Texas, Virginia, and Mis- !
bissippi. now to be brought into the Union with j
your halter of degradation about their necks, j
that support for the amendment which he 1
knows he can never obtain at home. \
I can understand, also, how my colleague, i
the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,] should ,
be willing also to vote for this amendment; ;
because, if he has my judgment of the people ;
of that State, he knows right well that no such :
majority has ever been given against any meas-
ure or any party in that State as that which
will be cast against this fifteenth amendment
whenever, with the blessing of Providence,
tliev have the opportunity to vote upon it. No
party in California has ever yet achieved a
triumph so sweeping as the triumph which
awaits the Democratic party of that State upon
this issue.
Senators sit here who know that their own
States are against them on this issue, who know
that to force the issue in their own States is to
consign themselves and their party to a lasting
political minority. Yet they are here by shifts
of ''reconstruction," by adroit devices of legis-
lation, sustaining themselves against their peo-
ple at home by means equally extraordinary
and oppressive, and toward the people of the
three States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Te^as,
nothing less than cruel. Why, sir, as well
stand upon the bank and say to your drowning
brother, " I can draw you ashore ; I can save
your life, which is now bubbling in its last gasp
upon your lips, but it must be at the price of
your own dishonor."
Mr. Piesident, I have not read aright the
history of the American people, I know but
little of their temper as to a measure like
this—cruel, nngenerous, unwise—a measure
which I have the high authorityof two Senators
of the majority of this body for saying is a
distinct and flagrant violation of the faith of
this nation, pledged through its Congress to
these States—I say I much mistake the char-
acter of that people, I have read their history
to little purpose, if the political party which
risks itself upon such a policy is not sooner or
later, and sooner rather than later, to meet
thatoverwhelming rebuke which the American
people are sure to visit oil those who have so
abused, for purposes of intestine discord and
sectional hate, the powers intrusted to them for
far different ends.
What will be the action of the people of the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
under this measure as amended of course no
one can positively foretell. All that the wisest
of us can do will be to forecast what it will be.
It is not for me to advise them. I should
shrink from the duty of obtruding advice upon
trials like theirs. It strikes me almost as an
intrusion upon the delicacy and the difficulty
of their situation so much as -to suggest what
I should be disposed to do under the like cir-
cumstances.
But, Mr. President, if it should so happen
that, unwilling to become actors, not merely in
their own degradation, but in a great wrong to
the people of the northern States, they shall
reject these humiliating conditions imposed on
them here to-day, what then will be the policy ?
What next will be the course to take ? What
then will gentlemen have to offer who have
been declaring here their purpose and their
desire to have a settlement of the difficulties
in those States and the restoration of the States
themselves to the Union ?
I am sure the people of these States "will act
in this matter with an eye to their own duty
and to the obligations arising out of the con-
dition of their own communities. Whatever
they do, I shall not be disposed to criticise it
in any captious spirit. One thing I will say.
If the State of my home on the Pacific coast,
to which I am bound by every tie that can link
me to the living or the dead, were to-day as
the State of Virginia is, upon whose hills we
look from these windows, and if the same
hard terms were proposed to her by this body,
I think I know that to the extent of my poor
abilities and wherever my weak voice could be
heard 1 should everywhere, at all times, in
season and outof season, urge upon the people
of cay State this eternal truth of history, of
j man, and Heaven, that a race can survive every-
I thing but its own dishonor brought upon it by
I its own act.
ij I shall not appeal to Senators, nor adjure
',| them, as they have been appealed to and
■] adjured by two of the ablest, most, eloquent,
'! and most distinguished of their own party upon
'! the ground of good faith-—an appeal that was
:i literallv scoffed out of this body. Have we
| lived to see the day when an earnest, candid,
.1 heartfelt appeal from one member of the polit-
! ieal majority of this body to his fellows of that
.! majority is" received with laughter, is iguo-
