THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
tn,iniousl-y turned out of doors? If we have
come to tin's I do not wonder that a measure
such as this is likely to receive the approba-
tion of this body.
Of course, sir, I am entirely aware that
nothing which can be said by me or by any
ona on this side of the Chamber .can exercise
tho slightest influence upon the action of the
majority. But I have felt it due to myself and
to the people who have sent me here that I
.should express, however imperfectly, though
i?ith earnest and profound-feeling, ray oppo-
sition to this measure in its present condition.
- I have contented myself with the briefest
possible expression on that head; far briefer
than;my feelings would have dictated; far
briefer than the magnitude of the subject would
have warranted ; far briefer than I should have
.fe!t_ myself justified in making it were the
-petiod of the session earlier than it is or the
conditio,a.ot'the business of this body differ-
ent from what it is. Were it the last word I
should ever speak upon earth I should say it
with the same sincerity and solemnity of con-
viction as though I were standing for my fin.il
judgment that I know of nothing which could
induce me to suppert a measure so fraught with
evil as this is ; so pernicious, in my humble
judgment, in its consequences; so degrading,
if it.shall succeed, in the result wl/.ch is aimed
at, tlie ratification of the filteenih amendment,
apt merely to the States which are.made the im-
mediate victims of this policy, but to the other
•States which are to be subjugated by this
■fifteenth amendment.
What, Mr. President, was not that amend-
ment sufficiently vicious in itself without re-
sorting to the worst means to give it success ?
Who does not know that it violates the most
established and admitted principles of free
government, m the States? Who does not know
■that the most essential element of government
in a State is the right to regulate for itself who
shall have a part in that government? When
you take away from u State and absorb to
Congress the right to determine the qualifica-
tions of voters you have stripped her of the
highest attribute of government; you have de-
stroyed the vital principle of the State ; you
have brought the States to your feet naked,
poor, halting semblances of the proud States
they once were. 1 warn those ancient Com-
monwealths represented heie, such as New
York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, which
have long had a place and aname in American
.history—no, I w.iit not warn them. 1 would,
even now, they could pause before it be too
■late. Who has not heard how
n" , . " Even-handed justice
Commend* the ingredients oJt'our poisoned chalice
io our own lips?"
. I would ask of those old Commonwealths
whether m the canons of the Almighty any
perpetual lease of power is given to them or to
their present dark policy; and what right have
they to expect that, another dominant party as
powerful as theirs to-day, as anogaut in its
strength, as reckless in the use of it, may not
Be set on by their example to strike them a
wouud as deadly to the heart ol their existence
as States?
ihere is among them one proud Common-
wealth which in times gone by has known
how to vindicate her dignity, her value, her
station as a State among her sisters of the !
U nion, I would that she might even now be
Wlse\ Much more do I wish that she had never
permitted herself to be carried off by the ignis
Jutiim of a false and morbid philanthropy.
W ou id that she had been content to stop at the
true line of equal protection in their natural
rights b^i oi e the law for these poor black people
in the States of the South, foe whom God forbid
that I should ever have or express any feelings
but those of Chiistian kindness. Instead of
Jimt wisecourse she has precipitated herself
find all of us beyond the true line into that un-
known, perilous, unbounded sea of cbauge iu
our government—change in the abdication of
t lie fu notions of government by the white race in
eightor ten principal States of this Union, and
the giving over of our institutions and of our
Government, so complex and difficult in its
workings that it has taxed the highest intelli-
gence of the most intelligent race this world
has yetseen—the American race—into the con-
trol and keeping of a people just freed from
slavery, and, as we have been told over and
over till the very air was weary of the repe-
tition, a people reduced by slavery to a con-
dition no better than barbarous 1 I 'would,
sir, that she and those who act with her in this
wreck of States and crush of institutions, this
general toppling down of the splendid fabric
of Americau freedom from its pinnacle to its
foundation-stone, could have learned to pause
in time. I would that she and all those who
stand with her might long ago have learned the
profound political truth that the worst enemy
of what is good in government is the rash and
fanatical pursuit of what is better; that she
and they could have been satisfied to let the
wheels of theirgreat power move on the ancient
lines of the Constitution.
It has not seemed well to her or to them so
to do; and in the hidden ways of the Provi-
dence which holds in the hollow of His hand
the fate of nations the policy forced by her and
them upon the country has thus far triumphed.
That it will triumph to the end I do not be-
lieve. Whatever may be the result of these
contests of the hour, trusting as I do most im-
plicitly iu the sober second thought, the sound
judgment, the majestic sense of justice of the
American people, and in the infinite mercy
which is over all, I do not now, and I hope I
never shall, despair of the Republic. Some
of us, perhaps, even of those who are now in
this Chamber will live to see a better day for
this country, will live to see a return to the
wholesome ideas of government which the best
men that this country or this world ever saw
aided to institute, aided to establish, and car-
ried forward to a great development. It may
not be my lotto witness that hour; it may be
that to me as to others of you that night shall
first come when no man of us can work. But,
feeling as I do, I believe that the day of that
great change of men and measures in this
country is only postponed for a time. And
what is the time of a generation of men in the
life of a great people?
1 am against this measure, sir. I shall cast
one unavailing vote against it, sad iu spirit
because it is unavailing on a question so vital;
yet somewhat consoled by the thought that
iu so discharging my duty I shall have none
of the grave responsibility which I feel that
the majority of the Senate assume in consent-
ing to this mischievous measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rut iu the chair.) The question is on concur-
ling iu the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the biil to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. 1IICJRMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 44, nays 9; as follows:
• —^-^srs.Abbott,Boreman.Brownlow,Buck- I
ingham. Carpenter, Callell, Ch.uiUler. Cole, Conk- i
ling, Oorbett, Origin, Drake, denton, Ferry, Fes^cn- I
uen, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howe, McDonald, 1
Morrill, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomcroy, Pratt, I
Kamsey, Rico, Robertson, Roas, Sawyer, Schurz, '
v-cott, sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer.
JLipton, irumbuli, Warner, Willcy, Williams, and
Wilson—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler ;
JtteCreery, Norton, Sprague, Stockton, and Thar- •
man—9.
Anthony, Cameron, Edmunds
brUbert, Grimes, Hamilton, Harlan, Kellogg, Osborn
Pool, Saulsbury, Yiekers, and Yates—13.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
t A message from the House of Representa-
tjves, byMr. McPhebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills :
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Seriate:
A biil (II. R. No. 134) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 243) to provide for the
publication of the opinions of the Attorneys
General, and for other purposes.
army jodge advocates.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy. ) The unfinished business is now in order,
it having; been laid aside informally, being
House bill No. 124, to declare and fix the
status of judge advocates of the Army.
Mr. ABBOTT. I want a vote 011 that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The question is on
reconsidering the former vote.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which this
bill was indefinitely postponed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion that the bill be
postponed indefinitely.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate, and the question is on order-
ing it to a third reading.
.Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
bill by substituting the word " number''1 in-
stead of u department." I do not understand
that there is a department of judge advocates.
We are having everything department now. I
move to strike out the word "department"
and insert " number;" so as to read :
That the number of judge advocates of the Army
be, ana the same is hereby, fixed at ten members.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me make a sugges-
tion. That amendment will not correct the
phraseology—" that the number be fixed at ten
members.'' That was not the design of the
person who drew the bill. This bill has passed
the House ; and if the Senate wants to consum-
mate this legislation, it seems to me it. is hardly
worth while to amend phraseology which will
be still incorrect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say " ten," leaving
out " members."
Mr. CONKLING. That might be well. I
agree with the Senator from Maine that tho
phraseology is not the best that could have
been chosen ; but I am inclined to think that
it is sufficiently explicit, and also that it is as
good as very much other phraseology that
goes into acts of Congress; and if it is the
pleasure of the Senate that the bill shall be
adopted, it seems to me it is hardly worth while
to jeopard its passage for the sake of a word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only a change of
phraseology, and no doubt the House would
concur in it at once. To call ten judge advo-
cates a department is an absurdity.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator irotn
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ^ROBERTSON. I move to strike out
" ten " and insert " eight." I have had some
conversation with the officers of the Army, and
those whom I have met were not interested in
the bill, and they say that eight is ample and
more than enough. Therefore I move the
amendment, relj'ing on their assertion.
Mr. ABBOTT. I did not intend to say a
word about this subject. I presume the minds
of the Senate are made up in regard to it. I
have examined thismatterfully and completely,
I have the information and the opinion of the
Judge Advocate General and several generals
of the Army in regard to it, and I do not know
a single exception who does not accord with
this bill. It was reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs unanimously, and it has
passed the House. I have been trying to get
it up for a week or two, and now I just want
a vote 011 the bill.
Mr. FERRY. I inquire whether this bill
was not reported from the Military Committee
before the reduction of the Army J and if since
