664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
of Representatives. I hope the Senator will
not insist- £n the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not absolutely con-
vinced of the impropriety of the amendment
beeausc it happens to be twenty-four hours
before the adjournment. If this would have
been a proper amendment two weeks ago or
two months ago, I take it it is a proper amend-
ment now, and I hope the Senate will not be
persuaded, unless they think it right in itself,
to pass a bill without amendment merely be-
cause we are oti the last twenty-four hours of
the session. Some better argument than that
ought to be brought forward against an amend-
ment which is designed to protect the Treasury
ot' the United States against unlawful and im-
proper drafts upon it.
This bill, as it stands on the point we are
now discussing, if passed commits the United
States to the whole theory of my friend from
Wisconsin—and we all know what that is—on
the subject of the duty of the United States to
pay southern claims. It declares that any
property of a particular kind now named—but
it does not make any difference whether it hap-
pens to be a ship or a horse or a house, ou
whatever it may be—belonging to a loyal per-
son resident in a loyal State, being in a south-
ern State taken in the course of the operations
of the war, either by contract, by charter, or
by impressment—and that is being taken by
the Government, or some pretended authority
under it, without contract and without charter—
shall be paid for ; and now what is the limita-
tion? Why, the simple limitation on this bill
is the fact that the owner of it must have re-
sided in Wisconsin or Vermont instead of
residing in South Carolina or Tennessee. I
totally dissent from any distinction based upon
such a ground as that. If I am entitled, re- :
siding in Vermont, to have my property which j
was located in the region of the rebellion paid
for because it was taken by the Government,
then the suffering patriot who resided there
and bore all the horrors and troubles of the
war, and whose property was taken m the same
>vay, is just as much entitled as I am, and more,
too. in my opinion, if ihere is to be any dis-
tinction, but m principle there is not.
Therefore, I say that Senators must not lose
sight of the fact that adopting this bill as it
stands is a pledge of the Government without
further investigation to the principle that any
property of a loyal person that was taken under
any circumstances, with contract or without
contract, in the insurrectionary districts is to
be paid for. Perhaps we shall come to that by
and by, but the questiou is whether this is the
moment of time when, without opportunity for
full discussion and consideration of our re-
sources and the principles upon which we ought
to proceed, we should adopt it.
1 he amendment that I propose relieves it of
that difficulty, and merely provides for payment
for vessels that were taken by the United States
from the region of peace into the region of
war. lo thai, I take it, nobody could object,
because it steers clear entirely of this disputed
principle about which so much has been said
in this body. It seems to me that we ought j
not to make haste to commit ourselves at this I
moment of time in favor of one particular class I
ot persons to a principle that has been so '
much disputed and that has occupied so much I
ot the attention of the Senate.
■ bill asstands does not '
involve the question that was under dispute !
uere for t.iree weeks. It only provides for '
paying tor a certain kind of property owned
by loyal persons and persons who resided in
the non-seceding States, and property which
got^ into the insurrectionary States by proper
mitnonty, either by charter, contract, or im-
pressment, or in conformity with the rules or
regulations established by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
_Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask my
friend from Wisconsin a questiou for explana-
tion. Suppose that a man living in the south-
ern States contracted with the owner of a steain-
b6ht in a northern State for the use of that
steamboat in the insurrectionary States while
he was using it there for rebel purposes or to
assist rebels 
Mr. HOWE. I will ask my friend would
that be 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am asking the Senator
a question.
Mr. HOWE. I hear the question, and will
answer the Senator by saying it would not come
within the purview of the bill because that boat
would not be "in the insurrectionary districts
by proper authority," and I ask the Senator if
he thinks it would.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The difficulty about the
bill is that it declares that these steamboats
must be "in the insurrectionary States by
proper authority," and then states what the
proper authority is, and one proper authority
is a contract. If it was there pursuant to a
contract, as I understand the bill it was there
by proper authority.
Mr. HOWE. If it was by contract with a
proper authority, and not otherwise.
Air. WILLIAMS. It does not quite say that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says the bill does
not say that. With all deference to his opin-
ion I think the bill does say that, because the
first condition is that it shall be "in the insur-
rectionary districts by proper authority'1 and
that qualifies every other term used in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask pardon of the Sen-
ate for speaking again on this subject; but it is
of too much importance to go by on the obser- !
vations of my friend from Wisconsin. If the j
bill was as my friend fiom Wisconsin has stated
it at this time on the point I was rising to I
would agree with him, because he says it is
only intended to apply to property that got
into the insurrectionary districts by proper
authorit}7 and in the lawful course of business.
1 he trouble is that the bill as it reads now does
not provide for that, but the reverse. It does
not say "property which has got into the rebel
States by proper authority," but it says any
property of this description that is in the rebel
States, and then being in the rebel States is
contracted for or seized. The very description
that my friend gives of the effect of the bill I
wish to give it by striking out the word "in"
and inserting the words "taken into,''" so as
to make the bill exactly the bill that my friend
from Wisconsin declares that it. ought to be, to
apply to property which has got into, or to use
the phrase of my amendment, has been taken
into the rebel States by proper authority.
There is the difference.
W hen you go a little further there is another
amendment that I propose to offer which will
relieve the bill of a great difficulty that now
exists.^ It uses the words as to what proper
authority is and as defining what proper au-
thority is, "namely, charter, contract, or im-
pressment." It does not say by whose char-
ter, by what contract, or by whose impressment.
It says " by proper authority," to be sure ; and !
then it immediately says, "namely," that is to ;
say that that is proper authority, for the pur- I
poses of this bill, which turns out to be a I
"charter, contract, or impressment." Now, !
I propose at the proper time to amend that by j
adding^" under the authority of the United i
States, " so that we shall pay for vessels which i
have been chartered, contracted for, or im-
pressed under the authority of the United j
States, provided those vessels were taken from j
loyai districts into disloyal districts. Then it j
will Be right. Until it does say that, it will be I
wrong. j
Mr. DRAKE. I would not say a word !
about this bill if it were not that probably I
have constituents who are interested in it. I
must confess my surprise at the view taken of
the bill by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont. I think it is perfectly plain on the face
of the bill that it needs no amendment such as
he proposes. A very few words will suffice to
show this to any Senator, I think, who will
give attention to the matter.
This resolution declares that the act referred
shall not apply to nor be construed to
to
debar the settlement of claims of steamboats
or other vessels taken without consent of the
owner or impressed into the military service
of the United States during the late war, in
States or parts of States declared in insurrec-
tiou; provided that such steamboats or other
vessels were in the insurrectionary district by
proper authority." There is the whole thing.
If they were taken without the consent of the
owner into the military service of the United
States, or if they were impressed into the mili-
tary service of the United States during the
war, and were in the insurrectionary districts
by proper authority, how could they be there
unless they- were taken there by the authority
of the United States? Therefore, to substitute
the words " taken into the insurrectionary dis-
tricts" for the words in the resolution now, to
wit, "in the insurrectionary districts," does
not add one single idea to the bill, in my judg-
ment, that is not already there.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to read a letter from the
quartermaster general's office t,o show one of
the cases the payment of which is prevented
by the existing law. It is a letter addressed to
a member of the last Congress :
"I have the honor to inform you that the claim of
Woodburn & Soott, of St. Louis, Missouri, for ser-
vices of and repairs to the steamer Geneva., has been
examined by this office and also by the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury,
"This claim having ^originated in New Orleans,
Louisiana, in June, ISoo, a State declared to b6 in
insurrection, the Quartermaster General and the
Second Comptroller are of opinion that its payment
is forbidden by the act of Congre=s ot February 21,
1867, and the papers in the case will therefore be
retained on tile in this office.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
"By order of the Quartermaster General:
"J. A. DANA."
That boat, I am instructed, was at the wharf
in St. Louis. The officers of the Government
insisted upon taking her to New Orleans,
loaded her, and said she would have to go
there by force if she was not chartered. A
charter was made. She was taken down there
and then taken for another purpose, over-
loaded, ran against, and sunk, and the repairs
the Government is asked to pay for, and they
say they cannot do it under the act of Feb-
ruary, 1867.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume that the pur-
poses contemplated by this bill are peifeetly
proper, but I should not be surprised if there
was a eat under this meal: or else I am not
able fully to comprehend the scope of this bill.
Now, sir, under the bill, in my humble opinion,
if our troops found a steamboat in the rebel-
lious States belonging to a man living in the
northern States, engaged in the rebel service,
and seized it on that account, the United
States will be bound to pay for it. What is
necessary under this bill to establish a claim ?
First, the owner of the boat must live in a loyal
State ; second, he must be a loyal man : and
then the steamboat must have been in an in-
| surrectionary State under a contract, charter,
j or impressment. The contracts may have
been made for the purpose of enabling the
rebels to use these steamboats ; the contracts
may have been made prior to the breaking out
of the rebellion, and the boats may have been
left there by their owners for the purpose of
enabling the rebels to use them for their pur-
poses ; and there is no sufficient limitation
upon this bill so as to protect the United States.
I think if it should become a law it will be con-
strued that any owner of any steamboat in the
southern States, whether by contract or im-
pressment, or under any charter, whose steam-
boat was taken by the armies of the United
States is entitled to pay for it, although it may
have been necessary to seize that boat and
destroy itto save the existence of the army.
I cannot possibly see that there is anything
here to prevent this construction. I know the
bill says that '' such steamboats or other vessels
were in the insurrectionary districts by proper
authority, namely"—defining the proper au-
thority—" charter, contract, impressment, or
in conformity with rules or regulations estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Tieasury." If
it was there under any charter made by any-
body it was there by ptoper authority. If it
