1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
by a Democrat, I think it is a great misfortune
to any party to have so large a majority :i3 we
have here—that it is hardly practicable to make
any such arrangement as to consult both
parties.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I should like to
finish what I have to say.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will allow me to make one remark as to our
returning to the former practice. I will state
to the Senator from Kentucky that some few
years ago—I should think within the last three
or four years certainly—It was suggested to
some members of the Democratic party that
they arrange their friends upon the different
committees, and I recollect hearing the late
Senator from Indiana, (Mr. Hendricks.) who
was then a prominent member of the Demo-
cratic party, say it was better for us to arrange
them; that there were so few of them that
we had better arrange them. He made that
remark to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. There isone other remark
made by the Senator from Kentucky that is
very properly made ; and that is, that the ma-
jority of this body assume the responsibility
of the Pacific railroad ; and therefore I have
felt that there was an imperative necessity dur-
ing the whole of the last and the present ses-
sion of Congress for the passage of such a law
as is now to be passed, I trust, by the general
vote of the Senate. Complaints have been
made that these railroad companies have made
very large sums of money. That cannot be
avoided. If they got the benefit of a good con-
tract from the Government of the United States
from a mistaken view of the condition of that
country it could not be avoided, and no one has
a right to complain of it. But we have a right
to exact of these companies a full compliance
with the terms of the law; we have a right to
demand the completion of a first-class railroad,
and I have felt that under the existing law there
was not sufficient security and guarantee for
the completion of such a road.
I believe that this joint resolution as it now
stands will give us every guarantee and every
security that we can possibly have for the com-
pletion of one of the best roads probably in
the world, because the whole matter will now
be left, so far as the inspection of the road and
its condition is concerned, to the judgment of
the President of the United States, enlightened
as it will be by all the information he can gain
by this commission and by the engineers he
may send upon the route ; and this joint reso-
lution will authorize hiin to retain in the pos-
session of the Government ample security for
tne completion of the road. Having accom-
plished that, I think we have done all we can
do to protect the interests of the Government.
Mr. MORIULL. 1 merely desire to say in
relation to the present formation of the com-
mittees that I believe if the Democratic mem-
bers will examine the list they will find that
thev are the hardest-worked members of the
Senate. That was the opinion of the commit-
tee in placing them, and they thought it was
unfair to give them any more labor than they
did.
Mr. CONliLING. I should like to under-
stand precisely what we are to vote upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Michigan as a substitute for the
first section of the amendment proposed by
the coni mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio. [Mr. Siiekmax.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read.
The Chief Ci.Kr.K. The amendment is to
strike out the second section of the amend-
ment reported by the committee and to insert
in iu'u of it:
And br it .fti.ih'-r resnlfdl. That to ascertain the
■ M'iu ' 111111 <>t t io Union Pacific railroad an;l tln^Leu-
lial 1>.K in.- rail lead the President of the Unitedbtates
is au'iioti'eil appoint a, board of eiiiincntcitizens,
not * xceedintf live in nu'-uber, and who snail not be
intere-tud in cither road, to examine anu report
upon the condition of, and what sum or sums, if any,
will be required to complete each of said roads to
the point of junction, as a first-class railroad, in com-
pliance with the several acts relating to the said
roads; and the expense of such board, including an
allowance of ten dollars to each for their services for
each day employed in such examination or report,
shall be paid equally by said companies.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out in the tenth line of that
section the words "point of junction" and
inserting the words "said terminus," to cor-
respond with the change already made in the
first section
Mr. CONKLING. That is stricken out. It
does not appear in the amendment as now
read.
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir. The amendment,
as read, in the tenth line is "to the point
of junction," which by the previous section,
before it was amended, was not fixed. The
first section, as it now stands in the resolution,
fixes the terminus, and therefore it is proper to
use the word "terminus" instead of " pointof
junction" in this section.
Mr. SHERMAN. "Point of junction" is
the better language, I think.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is in
the third degree, and cannot be entertained
unless it is accepted by the mover of the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any difference between "pointof junction"
and "terminus." If, however, the Senator
really prefers the latter word I am willing to
accept it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will not insist upon it,
because I think it is more precise as the lan-
guage now stands.
Mr. SCOTT. I will explain to the Senator
from Ohio why I make the motion : and if I
am tinder a misapprehension of course I will
not insist upon it. The first part of the second j
, section heretofore authorized the appointment j
| of commissioners for the purpose of determ- j
itiing where the roads should have a point ,
of junction. Under the amendment as it is
now proposed that is no longer left an open
question, but a terminus is fixed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes no difference.
The only change is that the first section of the
former resolution provides a mode of ascer-
taining it, and now it has been ascertained
definitely by the first section; so it makes no
difference.
Mr. SCOTT. But the provision is, that the
two companies shall go on and complete their
road to a certain point different from the point
of junction formerly contemplated, and that !
after that time payment shall be made by one 1
company to the other. I wish to avoid the
ambiguity which will certainly get into this
section between the terminus as now fixed
and the point of junction as heretofore stated.
It I am right, and there is any ambiguity about
it, I shall insist on the amendment. If I am ;
wrong, I shall withdraw it.
ThcPRESlDENT^ro tempore. The amend- !
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is not !
in order at this time. \
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; I will not press
it, then.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio will accept it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
embodied in the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How will it read then?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported.
!! The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec.2. And be it further rewhed, That to ascertain
! the condition of the Union Pacific railroad andthe
Central I^acific railroad the Piesident ot the United
' Stated is authorized to appoint a board ot eminent
' citi/ens, net exceeding live in number, and who snail
! not be interested m either load, to examine and
report upon tho condition of, and what sum or sum?,
! if any, will be required to complete eaeh ot said
I' roads to the said terminus as a first-class railroad, in
j. compliance with the several acts relating to said
l' roads, &«.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think that lan-
guage is as good as the other.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this joint
resolution, in every part of it, as I understand
it, except the third section, has been from the
outset exceptional legislation. I would not,
say a word iti regard to it nov? had it not been
put forward over and over again that here was
a joint resolution in fact, as a part of its title
implies, to protect the interests of the Govern-
ment somewhere in something. If that be true,
those who have looked with disfavor upon this
legislation have been standing here in opposi-
tion to a plan for protecting the Government
of the United States. Now, sir, although in
consequence, we are told, of some agreement
which has been made, it is jfroposed radically
to change the resolution, and I admit 10 take
from it its most obnoxious features, it still re-
mains true, as I understand, that no part of this
measure tends to the protection of the United
States, except all the time the third section.
That does. That has beea a good section all
the while, and I hope it will be retaiued.
The first section is for the purpose of inter-
posing, as the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Howard] said the other day in ref-
erence to another measure, and determining
by legislation a iawsuit. It is partial and in-
vidious legislation, and had it been insisted
upon in connection with what was first pro-
posed I should have felt it my duty, as far as
it was likely to be useful, to press upon the
attention of the Senate the objectionable
character it had. However, if the honorable
Senator from Michigan, and the committee of
which he is the head, deem it proper for any
reason that we should adopt such a section as
the first of those sections, so be it. I see noth-
ing incumbent upon me especially in regard
to it, because the attention of the Senate as to
that section has been sufficiently awakened.
Now, we are told that the second section, as
it is proposed toamend it, is going to advance
the interests of the Government of the United
States. Well, sir, if it is I want to vote for it.
If it isgoing to leave the interests of the United
States as secure as they are no# I am willing
to vote for it; but I do not believe it is going to
add to that security ; and I desire, if I can, to
have a doubt resolved whether it is not going
to impair it. Let us see. Here is a proposi-
tion that the President is to appoint five citi-
zens, we know not who, and they are to do
something; the precise thing I defer for a
moment in order to pass upon the proposition
to appoint five citizens. \Vho arc they to be?
The honorable Senator from Michigan the
other day proposed the names of five most
i eminent and competent citizens. That seemed
| to be very unsatisfactory to one or both of these
1 interests involved. Objection was made to it.
i And now a competition is to begin by the one
1 and by the other in order to obtain from the
appointing power the preponderance of this
commission. I have heard a great deal said
about other commissions here, and at an earlier
moment I meant to relate some facts in regard
to them which have not escaped my notice. I
have not been unmindful of the enterprise and
industry with which these companies on the
one side and on the other have procured the
appointment of commissions constituted m par-
ticular ways. Now, if we are to have any com-
missions for this purpose, I humbly submit that
the honorable Senator from Michigan is exactly
right when he proposes to nominate the men in
this resolution in order to relieve the President,
and everybody else from the uncertainties and
contingencies which a provision like this would
involve. . ,
But a little further : what is this commission
to do? It is, as 1 understand, "to examine
I and leport upon the condition of each of said
: ro.ids, and what sum or sums, if any, will be
required to complete each ot said roads to the
, said terminus as a first-class railroad,
'i should like to know precisely whatthat means.
'I I should like t.o know if it means as much as
'I the law means now, which, as 1 understand it,
ii clothes the President, with a nple power to do
