670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
all that, makes it his duty to do all that, atid
to do something more.
1 know it may be said that it is now the duty
of the President to appoint a commission when
it is stated that a particular section of the road
is completed, and it is the duty of that com-
mission to report, and upon that report bonds
issue, and there the authority expires. Yes,
sir; that is true. I know also that for at least
three reasons that can be found in these acts
it is all the time a condition-precedent upon
which alone these companies depend for their
existence and the enjoyment of their franchise
that they shall do everyone of the things from
one terminus to the other of their road which
this section undertakes to provide. Is there
not power for it? If their road is not built
and equipped so as to be thoroughly a first-
class road from road-bed to rolling-stock is
-Jhere not all the time sleeping in the Govern-
ment a power to forfeit the franchises of these
companies ? Is there not all the time a power
to put an end to that period during which in-
terest upon their bonds is suspended ? Is there
not all the time a power to do precisely what
has been done, to wit, to withhold their bonds ?
Surely there is.
Now, if this gives equivalent power we lose
nothing by the change. Let me ask the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan whether it is
clear that this is an equivalent power? This
commission is to look at the road and ascer-
tain .how much will be necessary''• to complete
each of said roads to the said terminus as a
"first-class road, in compliance with the several
acts relating to.said roads." Are they to begin
at Omaha on the one side and at San Fran-
cisco. on the other and review these roads ?
I do not see it in this section if they are.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps the Senator from
Ohio who presented the amendment would like;
to explain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to interrupt
the honorable Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. It will be no interruption.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will wait until the Sen-
ator gets through and then answer.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I have no wish to make
any observation on this occasion or any other
except for a practical purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. I can only answer, then,
that I do not see any force in the construction
which the honorable Senator from New York
gives to the language of this amendment of the
Senator from, Ohio. I think it certainly does
authorize these commissioners to examine the
entire line of the road from beginning to end,
from Omaha to Sacramento, to examine it
thoroughly in all respects with a view to the
requirements of the charter, and to report
thereon to the President of the United States.
Mr., CONKLING. It-certainiy ought to re-
quire that if it is to amount to anything-at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I will observe further, if
the honorable Senator will allow me, that the
several commissioners who are to be appointed
under the charter have not so broad a power
by any means. All they have to do is to
examine the several sections from time to
time, and to ascertain, to theirown satisfaction,
whether the road on that section has been built
m a manner to comply with the charter. There
may be numerous boards of commissioners
appointed by the President for that identical
purpose, as the road progresses from one sec-
tion t® another, but the special duty of each
board ot commissioners is confined to the sec-
tl°MS 'W 316 appointed.
Mr. CONKLING.- I should like just there
to ask the honorable Senator whether, under
the acts as they stand, the President has not
clearly the power to ascertain in his own way
all the time whether they are in truth complet-
ing, or have completed and are maintaining, a
first-class railroad or not; andwhetherthevdo
not forfeit their rights in default of that?
■^1^ HOWARD. Iam obliged to answer the
question ofjhe honorable Senator in the nega-
tive. I do not understand that the President is
at present vested by law with so broad a power
of examination.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator thinks,
if I understand him aright, that this section as
it stands will amplify, in truth, the power to
scrutinize these roads ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir ; I do so think.
Mr. CONKLING. If it does I want to vote
for it; but if it means that, I submit to the
honorable Senator it ought to be made explicit,
and this language certainly ought to be varied.
It is now that they are to look and see " what
sum or sums, if any, will be required to com-
plete each of said roads to the said terminus
as a first-class railroad." I think the Senator
will agree with me that it at least is a very open
question of construction whether that means
that they are to begin at the original starting
point of these two roads and scrutinize the
whole of them from one end to the other. My
honorable friend from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
says it does not, but it ought to do it. That
is what I am arguing. It ought to do, it; but
whether it does it or not I think is an open
question.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think there is any
doubt about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me if lan-
guage can be drawn stronger it is the duty of
the Senator from New York to propose an
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I propose to do that
before I abandon this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The plain meaning of this
section is to authorize a full examination from
Omaha to Sacramento and San Francisco. It
seems to me that that is the plain and obvious
construction. I examined very carefully the
Pacific railroad law to see whether or not the
President of the United States had any author-
ity to .appoint a commission. There is no such
authority conferred by law and none such im-
plied. The examinations that have been made
heretofore have been made by sections, by a
great variety of persons who have adopted
, different rules. In some cases they have gone
over the road with a very partial examination
indeed. The examinations that were made
last fall in the midst of the-political campaign
we all know were very imperfect indeed. So
that although some of the sections may have
been completed according to law other sec-
tions were not, and yet each succeeding board
of commissioners had no power to reexamine
that which had been examined before. The
purpose, and the only purpose, of this section
was to employ the power of the President, so
that he might call to his aid all the inform-
ation he could possibly get from public or pri-
vate sources to ascertain the fact whether or
not this road was a complete road in the lan-
guage of the law. It seems to me that any
commission appointed to examine this road
will commence at one end of it and go through
carefully the whole length of the road.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Secretary now
to read lines seven, eight, and nine of the sec-
tion, and then I will venture to propose an
amendment. It does not seem to me at all so
clear as it does to the honorable Senator from
Ohio.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
. To appoint a board of eminent citizens, not exceed-
ing fare m number, and who shh.ll net be interested
in either road, to examine and report upon the con-
dition of, and what sum or sums, if any, will be
required to complete each of said roads to the said
terminus as a first-class i-ailroa.fl, in compliance with
the several acts relating to said roads.
Mr. DRAKE. ^ I suggest ^at the interpola-
tion of a few words there would get at the idea
of the honorable Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, 1 should like, before we leave
the point which I rose to state, to propose an
amendment which I have in my own mind, and
if he can improve it I shall be glad to have him
do so. I move to amend this section by insert-
ing after the word " road," iti the eleventh line,
the words "for tha entire length thereof."
Mr. HOWARD. "Along the entire length."
Mr. CONKLING. "Alongtheentirelength"
or " for the entire length." Does the Senator
think along" tl  better expression ? •
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not Li. w that it is.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask he Secretary to
report it as it will stand then.
The Chief Clerk read as fol ows :
And report upon the condition of, and what sum
or sums, if any. will be required to complete each of
said roads tor the entire length thereof to the said
terminus.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that amendment.
It does not seem to me clear at all without it,
and I find that other Senators are of the same
.opiuion.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is in the third degree.
. Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think the only objec-
tion to it is that, like the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, it rather makes
obscure that which was before clear; but I
will accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is accepted.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio a still further amend-
ment in order to make the same idea complete ;
and that is, in the eleventh line to insert the
words "and to make the same in its entire
length ;" so that it will read :
What sum or sums, if any, will be required to com-
plete each of said roads to the said terminus, and to
make the same in its entire length a first class rail-
road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator will see
that the amendment I have offered comes in in
line eleven.
Mr. SHERMAN. When you speak of a
railroad, you speak of its .entire length. It
seems to me that this is hypercritical. It
stands just as well as it is ; but if Senators
wish to amend it by putting on superlatives
and putting the words "entire length" in
every line 1 have no objection ; I will accept it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire what became of
the amendment I proposed when this subject
was before the Senate the other day, and
which was adopted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ciniir
is advised that the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky was agreed to at the time.
Mr. HOWARD. It was agreed to, and
stands just as the Senator presented it.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make one or two
general remarks on this resolution. This cor-
poration has received an endowment from the
Government that has no parallel in the history
of all other works combined. Now, sir, there
are a few principles of law and of common
honesty that ought to regulate all such works
as the Pacific railroad. I will name some of
them. One is that all the current expenses
of the project ought to be paid as they arise.
After the current expenses are paid all the
revenues and produce of the company ought
to be appropriated to the construction of the
road. There ought to be no dividends de-
j clared and partitions made among the stock-
holders until the work is complete.
Mr. President, we were informed a few days
ago that there had been the most marvelous
amount of dividends declared among the stock-
holders in the eastern section of this road.
How did that come about? This road, it seems
beyond all question, is very far from being fin-
ished, and to a considerable extent that it has
been constructed the construction has been
very inadequate and the work very insufficient
to come up to the requisitions of the charter.
How happened it when the road was in this
state of incompletenes, and of imperfect exe-
cution to some considerable extent that such
a marvelous amount of dividends was made
among the shareholders by the directory?
We had a little inkling into this matter when
the subject was before the Senate the other
day. There was a director of" the eastern sec-
tion of this road, a member of the other House,
and there was the'chief engineer of ihe pro-
ject, and also a member of the other House,
who were confronting the Senate during the
whole time of the debate upon the subject. 1
ask how does it come about that the ciriof
