1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
engineer of the company instead of being upon
the line of the road and supervising and .super-
intending the road m its construction every
day through its whole length is found to be a
member of the House of Representatives? He
does not represent the private stockholders
alone. No engineer does. He is the legit-
imate and responsible representative of every
interest m the road. He represents the Gov-
ernment as well as the private stockholders
in that road ; at least it is his duty to do so.
Here he is a thousand miles or more away from
the field of his duties, a member of Congress,
voting upon every proposition in relation to
the interests of this road, when he ought to be
in the field exercising and executing the im-
portant duties of chief engineer of the road.
What is he here for ? Can he better represent
that road and all its interests by serving as a
member of Congress in the other House or by
being upon the line of the road performing the
high and important duties of chief engineer?
There was another member of that private
corporation from the other House on the floor
of the Senate during the whole of the debate.
He represents, it seems, and owns interest in
the road to the amount of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars. He was one of the directors
of the road. He was one of the three parties
to the contract that was read by the honorable
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] to which
the Credit Mobilier was a party. With all his
interest in the road, I presume, and I believe
the fact is, that he was voting upon every prop-
osition involving the construction of the road,
and of course his princely interests in it. Is
that a right condition of things? We have a
rule of the Senate, and there is a rule of the
House also, that positively interdicts any mem-
ber from voting upon any question in which
he has a direct interest. I suppose there was
no proposition in relation to these roads, and
especially in relation to the conflict of interest
and pretension and right to the endowment by
Congress of the roads to the enormous amount
that Congress has endowed them in which
there was not a rival interest between them,
and in which the personal interests of that
director and that large shareholder in the pri-
vate stock of the road, and also the personal
interests of the.chief engineer, were not deeply
involved ; and yet we have a positive rule of
both Houses that no member shall vote upon
any question in which he has a direct personal
interest.
Sir, are not these extraordinary features in
the management of this road, in the contracts
which are made for it by its directors in the
presence of two men who are as deeply inter-
ested in it as the two men to whom i have
referred, being members of the other House
of Congress, and voting on all the questions
involving at least the large pecuniary interest
of one of them? These matters ought to be
looked to by Congress. The members of Con-
gress, and especially the committee who have
charge of this great work, owe it to the coun-
try, owe it to the Government, owe it to them-
selves. to undertake a close examination and
supervision of all the interests of the road, and
especially of the conduct of that director and
ot the chief engineer generally. I do think
that this subject ought not to be dismissed by
the Senate, late as it is in the session, until
there are provisions attached to this joint res-
olution that will guard the interests of the Gov-
ernment and ot the country generally in the
road against the anticipated catastrophe of
the honorable Senator from Nevada. What
was lus prognostication? That this company,
bydoclatiug such an amount of dividends, was
making a case to go into bankruptcy.
Independent of the very munificent endow-
ment in lands and in money by the Govern-
ment, the country has a large interest in the
road. The managers of the road heretofore in
gelling charters from Congress and modifica-
tions of charters were nor. satisfied that the
Government should hold a first lieu upon the
road for the indemnity of the Government in
the leunbursement of the endowment that it
made to the road. They had the address and
the success to get the lien of the Government
postponed to a first-class mortgage by the com-
pany. The honorable Senator from Nevada
predicted, and I think he had but too much
reason^to make the prediction, that this road
was being managed in a mode to bring it to a
state of bankruptcy, in which event the first-
class mortgagees would be satisfied by the sale
and sacrifice of the entire road to liquidate
their debts, and then the Government would
be left to pay up the interest upon the bonds it
has issued as endowment to the road, and
eventually to pay the principal also. I believe
that there is too much reason to suspect and
to feel a conviction that the road has been
managed with a view to produce that result;
and to provide against that result and such a
disastrous termination of this road and of the
interest of the Government in it I think that
the honorable Senator from Michigan and the
honorable Senator from Ohio are bound to pro-
tect the interest of the Government in this
aspect of the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended, as
a substitute for the original resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. What becomes of the
third section ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no amendment proposed to the third section.
Mr. CONKLING. The third section stands?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The third
section stands. The question is on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear it
read.
Tne Chief Clc.ik. The amendment, ud
amended, is to strike out all after the resolving
clause of the joint resolution, and to insert in
lieu of the matter stricken oat the following:
That the stockholders of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, at a meeting to be held on the 22d day of
April. 1869, at the city of Boston, (with power to
adjourn from day to day,) shall elect a board of direct-
ors for the ensuing year; and said stockholders are
hereby authorized to establish their general office at
such place m the United Srates as they may select it
said meeting: Provided, That the passage of this
resolution shall not eonfer any other right upon said
Union Pacific Railroad Company than to hold such
election, or he held in any manner to relinquish or
waive any rights of the United Sutes to take advan-
tage of any act or ncglect of said Union Pacific Rail-
road Company heretofoi e done oi* omitted whereby
the lights of the General Government have been or
may be prejudiced: Provided, That the common
teruiinu^ ot the Union Pacific and Central Pacific
railroad-, shall be at or near Ogden; and tho Union
Pacific Railroad Company ahull build, and the Centra I
Pacific Btilroad Company shall pay forrnd own the
railroad from the terminus aforesaid to Piomontory
summit, at which point the rails shall meet and con-
nect and form a continuous line.
Sec. 2. And be it jurtner reto'vrd. That to ascertain
the condition of the Union Pacific railroad and the
Central Pacific railroad, the President of the United
States is authorized to appoint ft board of eminent
citizens, not exeeedmgfive in number, andwnoshall
not be interested in either road, to examine and
report upon tho condition of, and what sum or sums, if
any, will be required to complete each of said roads to
thesaid terminus as a first-ehi^s railroad, in compli-
ance wit It tho •seveial acts relating to fc.nd roads: and
theexpense of such board, including* an allowance of
ten dollars to each for their services for each day
employed in such examination or report, to be paid
equally by said companies.
Src. .*>. K^id be it .further resolved* That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized mid required to withhold
from each ot said companies an amount of subsidy
bonds authoiized to be Ususd by the United States
under said acts sufficient to secure the full comple-
tion as a firs'-class road of all sections of such road
upon which bonds have already been issued, or in
lien of such bond< he may receive as such security an
equal amount ot the firsf mortgage bonds of such
company; and it it shall appear to the President
that the amount of subsidv bond- yet to be issued to
either of said companies is inefficient to insure the
full completion ot such road, he may make requisi-
tion untm such company for a sufficient amount of
bonds already is-ued to siudi company, or m his dis-
cretion of their first mortgage bonds, to secure the
full completion of the same.
Sko. 4. And be it further resolved. That the Attorney
General of the United Siates be, ana he is hereby,
authorized and directed to investigate -whether or
not the charter and all the iruiehises of the Union
Pacific RuiYuad Company and of the Cental Pacific
railroad have not been forfeited, and to institute tho
necessary and proper legal proceedings; also to in-
vestigate whether or not said companies have or have
pot made any illegal dividends upon its stock, and
if so to institute the necessary proceedings to have
the same reimbursed; and also to investigate whether
any of the directors or any other agent-* or employes
of said companies have or not violated any penal
law. and if so to institute tho proper criminal pro-
ceedings against all persons who have violated such
law.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to make a
mere verbal suggestion which the Senator from
Ohio will agree to, I am sure. There is a sec-
ond proviso to the first section, and I think it
should read 4'and provided further."
Mr. HOWARD. The word "further" should
be added after the word 4i provided" where it
occurs the second *ime.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment, being a, verbal one, will be made if there
be no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr, President, I must con-
fess that I am somewhat doubtful about the
propriety at this time of adopting the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kentucky.
I do not see the necessity at this time, when
ample provision is made by this joint resolu-
tion to secure the construction of a first-class
road across the continent, of inserting in the
resolution a section which brings disereditupon
both companies before the country and before
the world, and may greatly embarrass them in
their efforts to complete this road. The legiti-
mate effect of that section, as it seems to me, is
to involve these companies in lawsuits of various
kinds and descriptions. It is made the duty
of the Attorney General to inquire into the
transactions between the different individuals
who may be interested in these companies.
Now, if a first-class railroad is constructed
across the continent by these companies, and
they receive the subsidies which the law pro-
vides, I do not see that the United States is
particularly interested in any controversies that
may exist among individuals connected with
those companies as to the distribution of divi-
dends or gains, or the management of any other
matters connected with the companies ; and not
seeing any particular necessity for the amend-
ment, and apprehensive that it may involve the
companies in unnecessary trouble at this time,
while they are making an effort to complete
their roads, I suggest to the Senate the pro-
priety of omitting that amendment and passing
the resolution providing for a point where these
roads shall connect so that there may be a
continuous line of road across the continent,
providing that the President of the United
States may take such steps as are necessary to
produce a first-class road, and then letting the
matter stand for the present until the roads are
completed.
It appears to me very evident that if under
this resolution, and it seems to be imperative,
the Attorney General commences proceedings
of various descriptions in the nature of litiga-
tion for the purpose of examining these roads
and ascertaining if the companies have not
forfeited their charters, ascertaining if the per-
sons concerned in them are not subject to pun-
ishment as criminals, and all that sort of thing,
it will tend to bring them into discredit ; it will
make it more difficult for them to procure the
necessary means for the prosecution of the
work, and will be productive of no good. I
submit the matter to the Senate.
I of course do not wish to appear in the
position of attempting to protect these parties
in any wrongs that they may have committed.
I only feel an interest in the speedy construc-
tion of this road. I should be unwilling to
see Congress throw any obstacle in the way of
these companies if they will go forward, as this
resolution without the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky requires them to do, and
with all possible dispatch inakt* a fir^t-elass
transcontinental iailroad. 'i tuu is what we
want, and that is all we want. Lvt these people
fight among themselves about their own pi iv ate
iuterests as they please; but ">et u- take pains
to see that we have a good railiuad across ihc
country.
