THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. DAVIS. It is not 1113' amendment that
■will bring discredit upon the road if it is to be
discredited. It will be the disclosures that have
been made in this debate of the enormous mis-
management 01 the road by its directory. I
understand that dividends have been declared
ta the amount of about twenty million dollars.
Iunderstand that the amount of subsidies which
this end of the road has received from the Gov-
ernment is about twenty-nine million dollars,
and that the amount of the debt which it owes,
and which it has secured the payment of by its
mortgage, amounts to $29,000,000. There are
then $58,000,000 of indebtedness by this com-
pany either due or to fall due, and the road is
unfinished. It will take a large amount of
money yet to finish it as a first-class railroad.
I ask the honorable Senator what kind of
direction is-it for a road'to make dividends of
$18,000,000 when it owes $58,000,000 to honest
creditor^, and the road is so far unfinished as
to require many millions more to make it a
first-class road ? Is there any fidelity, any hou-
esty, any good faith or morality in that sort of
management? Will that sort of management
of this railroad be tolerated by Congress? Are
the honorable Senator from Oregon and the
Senators who vote with him prepared to shut
their eyes and to '-'go it blind" and to sustain
this road when there is such an enormous mis-
management of its concerns as this discloses ?
Is it not a violation of common honesty, and
of all sound and correct management of roads,
when such dividends take place when the road
is incomplete, and when there issuehan amount
of debt due to creditors?
These facts are laid before the Senate. They
are uncontroverted. They are in an official
report which I have before me. We have the
admonition of the honorable Senator from
Nevada that this company is mismanaged with
the purpose beforehand of carrying it into bank-
ruptcy, selling the road to satisfy the first mort-
gage, the shareholders to pocket the enormous
dividends that have already been made, aud
others probably to be made, and to leave the
Government to pay the interest upon $29,000,-
000 of bonds with which this road has already
been subsidized, and to meet the principal
when the bonds fall due ? How can the hon-
orable Senator move that the amendment that
1 have proposed directing the first law officer
of the. Government to investigate these grave
matters shall be rejected, and he offer no pro-
vision whatever for the security of the Govern-
ment, or to reveal the iniquitous mismanage-
ment of the directors of this road? It is
monstrous that such a proposition should be
made in the Senate of the United States.
Sir, the directory of any great corporation
like this that declares a dividend of eighteen
or twenty million dollars and leaves a large
and important portion of its structure incom-
plete, and leaves $59,000,000 of debt unsatis-
fied and no provision to secure its payment, is
guilty of the most flagrant aud the most crim-
inal abuse of discretion and power. It is the
duty of Congress, it is the duty of every citi-
zen of the United States who is in a position
lrl.ves^§a^e these matters and bring them to
the light of heaven, and disclose them to the
people of the country, to act his part in doing
that work. But here the honorable Senator
trom Oregon i§ for suppressing all inquiry in
relation to the matter, covering it up and per-
mitting this derelict directory to proceed in
the consummation of its vast scheme of plun-
der and iniquity. Sir, I make my protest, at
y *ate  aga"ist the course recommended by
the honorable Senator .from Oregon. I want
this matter probed. I want it revealed. I want
it bared to the inspection of the country and
the people of the country. I want the man-
agement of this road understood. If it has
been faithful and honest I want those against
whom such suspicions and charges are made
to be justified. If they are guilty I want their
guilt revealed ; and if there is any law to punish
them I want them punished in the most signal
manner.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is enough
to make the heart sick to hear what we hear
and see what we see in regard to the railroads
of the country. All sorts of schemes are here ;
all kinds of interests are here; and it is a very
difficult thing to give a vote or utter a word
without subjecting oneself to the imputation of
being owned, or run, or directed by some cor-
poration or some combination or some ring of
men. But, sir, it is our duiy to take eare of
the public interests. We determined to build
a railway to the Pacific ocean, and that rail-
way has been pushed with a vigor and energy
never surpassed, never equaled in any portion
of the world.
But, sir, while this construction of the Pa-
cific railroad has been pushed with great vigor,
it cannot be denied that some actions have taken
place in reference to the building of that road
calculated to injure persons connected with
it, and it cannot be denied that the thieves
have made a raid upon the road and upon
everybody connected with it. The public mind
has been led to believe that there are wrongs
somewhere. We have had a great deal said
during this debate. The Senator from Ken-
tucky singles out two members of the House
of Representatives, one of them one of the
directors of this railway, and the other its en-
gineer, and he holds those gentlemen up before
the Senate and before the country under the
imputation of lobbying and managing in the
interest of their corporation. Now, I want to
state one fact to the Senator from Kentucky,
who talks about the changes that have been
made in favor of the corporators of the road.
Neither the engineer of that road, nor the
director of that road to whom he referred', has
in any way determined any measure that has
changod the laws in favor of that corporation
at any time, for the reason that no laws have
been passed in favor of the Union Pacific rail-
road since Mr. Ames had anything whatever
to do with it; on the contrary, every kind of
legislation passed here has been against the
interests of the Union Pacific railroad since
he has been connected with it.
The change to which the Senator refers,
aud which he would leave us to understand
was brought about while Mr. Ames has been a
member of the House of Representatives and i
one of the corporators of the railroad, was j
brought about more than a year before ho |
ever owned a dollar of interest in the road, or ;
ever expected to own a dollar of interest in it. i
Since he purchased aa interest in that road |
there has not been passed through Congress an j
act in favor of it or changing any law in favor j
of it. Since he became one of the directors !
of the road and held an interest in the road
we passed the act of 1860, which gave the Cal-
ifornia company the right to come eastward
with its road as far as it could, whereas before
it only had the right to come to the border of
the State of Nevada.
That is the fact. Then why should the Sen-
ator from Kentucky undertake to censure a
gentleman who has had no lot or part in bring-
ing about changes for his own interest, for the
' change to which he refers took place more than
a year before -Mr. Ames had anything whatever
to do with the road ? Mr. Ames went into the
company when it was substantially broken down
and bankrupt, when the Credit Mobilier, of
which so much is said, was itself nearly bank-
rupt. When the whole concern had almost come
to an end Mr. Ames went into the road with a
large number of his personal associates and
friends, gentlemen of business capacity and
character, who put millions of dollars into the
road, put theirintelligence, their character, and
their skill into the enterprise, and the construc-
tion of the road has been pushed forward with
marvelous vigor and energy. I do not know that
everything has been managed as it should be. 1
dare say great mistakes have been made by the
Union Pacificcompany, andperhapsbytheCen-
tral Pacific. I believe that neither of these par-
tieshas constructed the road so that the Govern-
ment should accept it. I am for this bill and
for the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio, because 1 believe this Government
has paid enough to build a good road from
Omaha to the Pacific ocean, and that we should
demand it to the letter ; no matter what it, costs
these parties to complete the road, it should be
completed, and we should hold them to their
engagements.
■ We have paid more for the construction of
the Pacific railroad than we should have dor.e
if we had known so much of the country as we
now know about it; but when we passed the
bills originally it was the belief of the great
body of Congress and of the country that the
road would never be completed for what the
Congress of the United States voted to give,
and it was generally expected that we should
have to make other grants, but it has not cost
so much to build the road as was anticipated ;
it turns out that the country where it runs is
not a country so difficult to construct a road
through and over; and the parties engaged in
it I have no doubt will make money, but they
will not make the immense fortunes that it is
alleged they have made. I have 110 doubt that
both companies engaged on the Pacific railroad
are abundantly able to complete their divisions,
and that the road will be built and will be
equipped, and that if we are true to the in-
terests of the Government and the people of
the country we shall have a good road, well
equipped, and thatthese parties are abundantly
able to build it.
Therefore, sir, I hope that the bill as re
ported by the Committee on the Pacific Bail-
road, as modified, will be enacted ; that the
administration will exact to the letter of both
corporations the fulfillment of their obliga-
tions, and that within the space of a year from
this time we shall have a roadin perfect order,
and I believe it will be productive of immense
benefit to the whole country. I do not think
it wise after the conditions we have imposed
to put upon this company any restriction that
tends to injure them or to affect their credit.
The Government, I think, has power enoug.i
to pursue that matter now. We do not wish.
Congress certainly does not desire, to put any
burdens upon either one of these corporation--
in completing their work. We should not un-
dertake to discredit them, to break them down,
to put a burden upon them ; but we should
maintain the interest of the Government and
the interest of the people and demand the
completion of the road, hold them responsible
for it, and if they do not do it take the work
out of their hands. With all their faults and
all their mistakes they have pushed this great
work in a manner to extort the admiration of
the country.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I beg to
inquire what the motion is before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert what
has been agreed upon.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall take a vote
as soon as possible upon the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Ohio. 1 see no diffi-
culty about that, and I shall have when we get
into the Senate an amendment to propose to
the section as it will be modified if his amend-
ment shall be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio has already "been adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the immediate ques-
tion is upon the qmendment of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the question is on
the report of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
amendment reported by the committee as
amended.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. Mr. President,
it would seem at first that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Kentucky was rather
unusual and stringent legislation, for ft is not
