1869.
HII OON(tK KSSlOiVAL GLOBE.
to be denied that the language in which it is
couched implies at least a suspicion on the part
of Congress that all is not right is the manage-
ment ot' the affairs of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company. It is possible, as has been
alleged, thatif this amendment shall be adopted
a will in some degree at least affect the credit
of the Union Pacific road.
Well, sir, I shall support the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky, which has already
been adopted with great unanimity by the Sen-
ate and upon pretty full discussion, adopted
at the close of a warm discussion in which
various statements were made tending at least,
in some degree, to show that tts t company
have not acted in perfect good faith toward
the Government and toward some of the stock-
holders. I allude particularly to tw« facts, and
they are facts which cannot escape the atten-
tion of the public and ought not to be ignored
by us. The first is, that during the compara-
tively short period the company have been pro-
gressing in their work, while they have found
it necessary to expend very large sums of money
in the construction of their road, they have
managed in some way, although they have not
paid even $11,000,000 of capital according to
their own report, to divide enormous profits
among their leading stockholders. It is l.ot
denied, I take it, that such a division of profits
has actually taken place. It is no^t easy to see
how a railroad company having such a burden
upon their shoulders as the construction of this
line of railroad could fairly and properly make
such a distribution of profits. What the exact
rate of profits distributed has been we cannot
now know. It is stated by some to be three
or four hundred per cent, upon tlie amount
invested. Others state that it is still more.
Some state that there have been but two divi-
dends made, and that each of these dividends
was only six per cent. But I take it for granted
tiie fact is not to be denied that the company
in some way have divided a very large amount
of dividends, under the shape of profits, to the
leading stockholders of the company, whether
honestly or dishonestly I shall not now under-
take to say; but the fact is a very startling one,
a very unusual one, one which may properly
attract the attention of every business man in
the country as well as every patriot and every
citizen who has the good of the country at heart.
Another fact ought to be alluded to, and it
is this: early in July last a citizen of the State
of New York filed his complaint in the supreme
court of that State, in the city of New York,
setting forth certain allegations of fact strongly
implicating the conduct of the directors of that
company. The allegations were of the gravest
character, charging unfairness and even culpa-
ble fraud upon the conduct of the board of
directors, complaining that he had been de-
prived of very important rights as a stock-
holder of the company. The complaint was
drawn up in the usual form required by the
code of procedure of that court; it was duly
served upon the proper officer of the company,
and the company was bound by the rules of
the court to appear in court within a given
time to answer these grave charges of fraud
and peculation and mismanagement generally.
These were charges which most seriously and
deeply affected the credit and character^ for
integrity of the board of directors. They
affected their character and standing as com-
mercial men. But from that day to this the
company has not appeared in thatcourt to put
in iss answer, according to the laws of the State
of New York, either admitting or denying
these grave allegations. I think that no man
can contemplate this state of things without a
feeling of anxiety in his heart in reference to
the conditio!! and management of that com-
pany. Were the charges false, were thev really
and in point of fact without foundation, were
they fabricated, trumped up merely, in vulgar
parlance, to grind an ax upon the company ?
If they were false it was the easiest thing in
the world to go into court, and answer all of
them by a plump denial. No such thing has
41st Cong. "Ipt Sess.—No. 43.
ever been done from the day of the filing of
that complaint to the present time; but the
suit is still pending in the State court. What
will be the result we do not know. But I insist
that it pertained to the honor of the members
of that company, as commercial men intrusted
with vast amounts of public money as well as
of private funds, to go into court and answer
manfully and clearly to these grave and serious
allegations.
Why have they omitted it? It leaves upon
them. I insist, a deep suspicion, at least, that'
all is not right in the management of their
affairs; and if all is not right there, if they
have violated the law, if they have departed
from their charter, if they have abused their
trusts, is it not the duty ox the United States,
to whom it will cost sixty or seventy million
dollars in the end to keep its contract with
this company, to see to it that their affairs are
probed thoroughly to the bottom by the proper
officer of the Government? I cannot stand
here with these facts before me and say there
is no necessity for such an investigation. I
think there is a very great and weighty neces-
sity for sueh an investigation, and I hope it
will be authorized and directed by Congress in
this bill now before us.
Sir, no innocent man, no innocent and hon-
est corporation, stands in any dread of such an
inquiry as this. Those only who are in fault
shrink from inquiry and avoid the light. I
shall therefore vote for the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. I wish
to see this work completed as speedily as pos-
sible, but I do not wish to see the United States
incur even th e hazard of losing th e whole amount
of the Government bonds which we are to issue,
and then finally see the people of the United
States lose the road itself. That is asking a
little too much. It is too heavy a draft upon
our forbearance, our kindness—I might say
our feebleness and credulity—to be endured
here.
| Mr. DAVIS. In replying to the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts I
will say to him most distinctly that I have no
prejudice and no predilection in favor of either
end of this great and magnificent undertaking.
I have no prejudice whatever against any indi-
vidual connected with either company. I sup-
ported the original proposition ; I voted for
the propositions of subsidy both in lands and
money to this great work, and I have never
regretted having given those votes. I was
greatly impressed with the magnificent under-
taking and its immense promises of utility to
our common country. The manner in which
it has been pressed forward has produced in
my mind nothing but wonder and admiration.
Until this discussion commenced I knew noth-
ing about the facts here presented as to the
management of the road. I had not conversed
with the friends of either end of it. I had
read none of the numerous publications that,
had been laid on the tables of Senators in rela-
tion to the Subject, and all that I know of the
facts I have gathered in the progress of thia
debate, and those facts, many of them leading
facts, are not at all satisfactory to my mind.
I will state one or two of them as I progress.
It is not denied that the chief engineer of the
Union Pacific railroad is a member of the
other House.
Mr. THAYER. He is not now. He was
formerly.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts if it was seemly, if it was
right and proper that he should have held
those two positions? I do not know when the
other member of the late and present House
of Representatives who has been spoken of
became attached in interest to this great pro-
ject. I have no doubt that the fact is correctly
stated by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I have no prejudice whatever
against that stockholder and that member of
the House of .Representatives. I have no
friendship, no undue partiality in favor of
either corporation ; on t,he contrary, that cor-
poration which shall be shown to have been
best managed I am the truest supporter of;
that which has been most mismanaged l am
most inimical to.
The honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] read that famous contract in which
a fiction was one of the important parties and
in which there were' stipulations unsafe, un-
faithful, and dishonorable in the highest degree
for the perpetuation of the directory and the
government of the road. -The honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is one of the guard-
ians of the interests of the Government and of
the country in this great work. I do not doubt
at all his vigilance and fidelity in that guard-
ianship ; I wish all members of the Senate were
as faithful as he; but I put this question to
him_ as a member of the Senate, looking to
the interests of the Government and the coun-
try and bound to protect both: would he be
willing that the chief engineer of that road
should be a member of the other House at the
same time, and instead of giving-his valuable
scientific attainments and all his large expe-
rience to the interests of that road that 'he
should he here engaged in the political turmoil
of the two Houses of Congress?
I put this other question to the honorable
Senator, as a faithful sentinel of the public
interests : is he willing that any director of that
road who would enter into such a contract as
was read by the Senator from Nevada a few
days since should continue in that director-
ship? I would not. I cannot believe that he
would be faithful. I cannot believe-that a man
who would become deliberately a party to such
a contract as that, which excited the surprise
and drew forth the almost audible condemna-
tion of the great mass of the Senate, should
continue in the directory of that road. He
never would with my vote.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
does not controvert that this directory has de-
clared large dividends among the stockholders,
I say that there cannot be a more flagrant
dereliction of duty than the declaration of large
dividends, considering the indebtedness of this
company and the unfinished condition of the
road. In the report of Mr. Show, giving a
statement of the liabilities of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, he puts them down thus :
United States bonds  $29,323,000
First mortgage bonds  29,328,000
Bills payable, loans. &c., January 1,1869, 13.0o9.8t7
Making an aggregate of.  $71,715,8-47
That is the enormous amount of the indebt-
edness of this road according to this showing :
and with all this vast load of debt the com-
pany has the hardihood to declare a dividend
and divide out among its principal sharehold-
ers the amount of millions. I ask if there ever
was a more flagrant denouement of mismanage-
ment upon any corporation whatever? And
yet honorable" Senators with these startling
facts admitted here upon the floor of the Sen-
ate are for stifling ail investigation by the
Attorney General, the proper law officer of
ij the Government, into the concerns of this vast
i subject in which the Government has such a
i' deep interest.
i| Sir. 1 thank the honorable Senator from
|i Michigan for the cogent facts which he has
!i stated and for that'close logical argument
ii which he built upon them, that brought him
;! to the conclusion of sustaining some such prop-
11 osition as the amendment I have offered makes,
ij If ever there was a vast corporation having
under its management millions and ten's of mil-
j; lions, almost, one hundred million dollars, in
ij which there is such a miglity interest of people,
ij of stockholders, and of the Government, that
]! needed investigation, thorough and searching,
this is the subject, and this is the time and the
; occasion ; and I hope the Senate will adopt the
!: amendment which provides that this investi-
j! gation shall be made by the Attorney General
Ii of the United States.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
■I tion is on the amendment as amended.
