1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
names these commissioners? My honorable
friend from Michigan. I am wiliitig te trust
him ; bat I ask hira whether it is better for bim
to name these commissioners here now with-
out a full examination of the whole question,
taking them from their appropriate official mili-
tary duties, interfering with the operations of
the Army, or should we trust the President
■of ihe United States upon the responsibility of
h s official position to select the men with care,
especially when he has got to act on his discre-
tion upon the information that they furnish
him? Therefore I think it would be unwise;
yes, I think it would be foolish to adopt this
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, my special
acknowledgments are due to the Senator from
Ohio for the opprobrious epithet which he has
seen fit to heap upon my poor amendment. I
think that that epith-et is misapplied. I do not
believe that the commissioners named in this
amendment of mine are foolish or weak or
unwise. I do not believe it would be a foolish
thing to enact a clause m a law directing those
five gentlemen to proceed to the examination
of these roads. Is it a foolish thing to employ
five of the most eminent men in the Army, all
of them, I believe, experienced and scientific
engineers, whose characters are entirely above
reproach, in whom the country has every con-
fidence, and who cannot be bought or bribed
or sold, to go upon this line of road, examine
it thoroughly, and report to the proper officer
of the Government its condition? And still,
because the honorable Senator from Ohio fore-
sees difficulties in the way of their performing
the duties imposed upon them, he character-
izes my proposition as a foolish one. Well,
sir, I shall not higgle about words with the
honorable Senator from Ohio. It is possible
that he may be a far better judge than I on the
subject, and I will not try titles with him upon
that point. What I waut is a board of com-
missioners who are competent, who are honest,
who are completely impartial, above the reach
of bribery or influence of any kind, whose
characters are a full and perfect guarantee to
the people of the United States that they will
perform their duties faithfully, impartially, and
thoroughly. Does he want a different board
of commissioners? I think not. Is it impos-
sible, is it very inconvenient even, for these
five military gentlemen to employ a portion of
their time during this period of peaee in exam-
ining this great national work which is costing
us so much? I think not. I think the best
service they can perform at this time to their
country is to devote their attention to the exam-
ination of this work, to inform the people and
the Government what the work actually is:
whether it is deserving of our patronage or
whether it is not. I see no difficulty in the
way, but on the other hand I see that the impo-
sition of such adutyas the appointment of the
board of commissioners by the President of
the United States simply is a very delicate
matter so far as he is concerned.
Sir, his ante-rooms will be swarmed and
crowded with applicants for appointment upon
this board of commissioners contemplated by
the honorable Senator's amendment. Appli-
cants and their friends and their relations from
every part of the country will hurry to the
White House and beset General Grant to ap-
point this man, that, or the other. They will
be almost as numerous as the immense throng
that have surrounded the Capitol during our
present session—
" A multitude like which the populous North
Poured ne'er from i's frozen 1 to pass
Khene or the Banaw."
Now, sir, I wish to relieve the President of
the United States from the performance of this
troublesome duty. I wish that, he may be com-
pletely above all suspicion of having been in-
fluenced by unfair motives or the presentation
of unfair motives to him in these appointments.
The duty to be performed is grave ; it. is of the
utmost importance, and it demands the highest
talent and the purest heart to be found in the
United States. I trust that we shall adopt this
amendment of mine. I see no difficulty in the
way. General Hallack may have received or-
ders, General Canby may have received orders.
Suppose they have received such orders, will
not the law itself override those orders quoad
hocl Will it not give tbem full authority to
neglect to obey those orders? Will it not be
a perfect warrant on their part for performing
a duty other than that which is contemplated
by their orders ? Of course it will.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
ma to suggest to him that although that would
be so, no such thing would be necessary. This
is a very brief matter comparatively.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course it is.
Mr. CONKLING. They are to go from one
part to the other of each road by steam anil
examine it. All that can be done at all can be
done and must be done almost immediately.
Let me also remind the Senator that General
Thomas has been here for months together
detailed upon a court-martial of no sort of
consequence; I mean as to him particularly
being the head of it when twenty other officers
might take that place.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. I think I see in it the only
solid security which we have for a. fair and
impartial examination.
Mr. THAYER. I have listened with a great
deal of pleasure to the poetical speech of my
staid and honorable friend from Michigan. I
think I have heard it to-night for the first time
from him that we shall impose a very delicate
duty upon the President of the United States
in requiring of him the appointment of five
disinterested persons to examine these roads ;
that his anteroom will be thronged with appli-
cants. I imagine this is not going to be a task
which will be sought after to any g^eat extent.
There cannotbe anything considerable in return
to the parties appointed in the way of honor
or profit. I think this difficulty is more im-
aginary than real.
Now, let me call attention to the fact that
General Canby has been sent to the distant
department of Texas under peculiar circum-
stances, selected for his peculiar fitness for
that command. I appeal to every Senator
present and ask him if it is right, if it is proper,
to legislate him away from that command?
The President of the United States thought
he was the most fit person to fill that com-
mand. It is suggested that he may be ordered
to Virginia. If so, it is because he is regarded
by the President as the most suitable person
to fill that position.
- My honorable friend from New York kindly
suggests to the Senator from Michigan that it
is a brief duty, that it will last but a very short
time. How kindly these suggestions come in !
When one Senator who has peculiar views is
advocating them another rises and kindly sug-
gests this and suggests that. All seem to chime
in together. Now, sir, this is a duty which
must occupy some weeks, and some little time
will be required in reaching the distant coast
where some of the duty is to be performed.
We are told of the delicacy of imposing this
selection on the President of the United States.
I call the attention of the Senate to the del-
icacy of one Senator selecting the whole board
and proposing it to the Senate of the United
States; and the proposition containing these
five names is pressed upon the Senate with the
most remarkable tenacity. We are not permit-
ted to amend, we are not permitted to suggest
any names, but we must take the whole live
selected by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. The honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] proposed,
and the Senate has adopted it, that the Pres-
ident of the United States, who is known to
be impartial, who can have no bias for ^ne
road over the otliei. shall select five peisons
who are known to be disinterested in both roads
and who are strangers to both, and who shall pro-
ceed and examine bath roads and then report
to him. Is there anything fairer or more just
than that? Who knows but that General Hal-
leck is a stockholder in the Central Pacific
railroad ? Do you know it ? Does fhe chair-
man of the committee know that he is net?
Who knows that others are not ? And yet you
propose to legislate them into these nosiiions
in entire ignorance of the fact. I trust the
Senate will adhere to the proposition winch
has already been adopted, offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
I should have more regard for the profession
of sincerity, of a desire to promote'the inter-
ests of the Government, if these inquiries,
if these denunciations here, reached to both
roads, but I have listened with surprise when I
have heard these denunciations aimed at only
one road, the Union Pacific, as if the Central
Pacific was angelic in all its operations and
the Union Paeificcorrupt. If you mean justice,
if you mean fairness, why not aim your de-
nunciations and your criticisms at both roads?
I know nothing in reality about the opera-
tions of either; but I say if you are going to
inquire, or if you are going to denounce in
advance, denounce them both ; "put them on
the same level and do justice to both, and
the country will have more regard for these
criticisms and this condemnation. Sir, I have
heard a great deal about both roads. I have
heard corruption charged upon both. If they
have been guilty of it, let the condemnation
fall upon both. I do not believe that one is
innocent and the other guilty, and yet the hon-
orable Senators from Michigan and Kentucky
aim their shafts at the Union Pacific company
alone. I recall to mind the fact that there
never has been any board of Governmentcom-
missioners to investigate and report upon the
Central Pacific road. They have had it all
their own way. The investigation and the
examination have been made by commission-
ers appointed by the surveyor general of Cal-
ifornia. The Government has had 110 direc-
tion in the matter. I repeat, the commission-
ers have been appointed by the surveyor gen-
eral of California to examine into th" Central
Pacific railroad, while the Government has
appointed its commissioners to examine into
the Union Pacific. Why this difference?
Then, again, I could refer you to the maps
to show that nothing but almost an imaginary
line has been requiied of the Central Pacific.
No description ot'the topography of the coun-
try has been required of the Central Pacific.
A map has been fiied without this description,
and that has been satisfactory and the bonds
have been issued, although they get these
bonds only by implication of law; and yet maps
have been required of the Union Pacific giving
an accurate description of the country and of
the topography, of everything, maps by which
an engineer can follow the whole route. The
map required of the Central Pacific was one
according to which no engineer could follow
the line about which so much has been said in
the Senate within the last three days.
Sir, 1 could present facts here which would
satisfy the Senate that the Central Pacific
owned the Interior Department for the last two
years prior to the change of administration.
There has been nothing butone system of par-
tiality; and yet nothing is said here about the
Central Pacific. Honorable Senators make
the Union Pacific the only subject of their
attacks. If we are going into_an investigation,
let us investigate the whole, put both roads on
the same footing, and then the country will be
better satisfied.
Mr. CONKLING. They are. both on the
same footing.
Mr. THAYER. I mean in your speeches
heie.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mi. STEWART. I wish to correct_the gen-
tleman m 'i few of his statements. ['"No!
"No!"] He is mistaken about the tacts
Mr. THAYER. I said that the commis-
sioners to examine the Central Pacific were
appointed bvthe nurveyorgeneral of California,
for I have seen the order, and I do not know
but that I have it here.
Mr. STEWART. It is a mistake.
