1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6T9
manufactured and sold or removed from the man-
ufactory or from any place where tobacco, snuff, or
cigars are made, since July 20, 1808, or any person
having in Ilia possession cigars imported from foreign
countries since July 20, 1868, or withdrawn from a
United States bonded warehousesince said date, such
tobacco, tnufi, and cigars having been put up in
packages as prescribed in the act to which this act is
an a mendnient, and all theother requirements ofsaid
act relating to tobacco, snuff, and cigars having been
complied with, and who on the 1st day of February,
18G9, filed with the assessor or assistant assessor of
the district within which he resides or has his place
of business the inventory required by the seventy-
eighth and ninety-fourth sections of the act of July
20,1868, and who shall, prior to selling or offering
such tobacco, snuff, or cigars forsale, affix andeaneel
proper internal revenue stamps, shall be entitled to
have refunded to him an ameunt of tax previously
paid thereon equal to the value of the stamps affixed
before sale as aforesaid; and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall be, and is hereby, authorized,
on appeal to him made, to refund and pay back a
sum of money equal to the value of the stamps so
aflixed upon satisfactory evidence submitted to him
that the tobacco and snuff were actually manufac-
tured, and removed from the place of manufacture
and that the cigars were so manufactured and re-
moved, or imported and withdrawn from a United
states bonded warehouse and the several rates of tax
imposed on such goods by the act of July 20,1868, as
aforesaid assessed and paid; and that the claimant
had in all respects complied with theinternal revenue
laws as far as they have been or may be applicable
to such articles. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue is hereby authorized and empowered to
prescribe such rules and regulations for carrying
out the provisions of this section as in hisjudgment
shall be deemed proper and necessary, and the Com-
missioner may in any case at his discretion allow
snuff and smoking tobacco manufactured prior to
the 20th of July, 1868, not in wooden packages, to
be stamped and sold in the original packages; and
the rate of duty on cigars imported prior to July
20,1868, and now remaining in bond, shall be the same
as on eigars imported after that date.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on thepartof the Senate,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the part of the Home.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say that all
tie amendments of the Senate have been
agreed to substantially except the amendment
in regard to tobacco, and that is embraced in
a new draft prepared by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, which substantially carries
out the idea of the Senate amendment.
The report was concurred in.
soldiers' bodnties.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up
and act upon the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 58) for the protection of soldiers and
their heirs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives, which were after
the word "bureau," inline nine, to insert "or
State agents appointed specially for that pur-
pose, or governors of national asylums,'' and
to add to the resolution the following section:
And be it farther resolved, That the fees allowed
by law to attorneys or agents shall be reserved by
the pay department or said pension agents, and paid
to such agents or attorneys when any such fees are
due forservices rendered in procuring such bounty
or bounties, and not otherwise.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred th.e joint
resolution (H. R. No. 73) relative to the
Cherokee neutral lands in the State of Kan-
sas, and the late treaties respecting the same,
reported adversely thereon.
HOUlt OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn it be to
meet at ten e'clock a. m. to-morrow.
little rock and fort smith railroad.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill l S. No. 230) to extend the time for the
Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Company
to complete the first section of twenty miles
sf said road ; and,
On motion by Mr. RICE,
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the said bill.
message jfrom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 94)
to amend an act entitled "An act granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, in Oregon,"
approved July 25, 1866, with an amendment;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 6) for the pro-
tection of the interests of the United States in
the Union JPacific Railroad Company and Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the repor-t of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 140) to
amend an act entitled "An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. No. 36)
respecting the retirement of Brevet Major
General S. P. Heintzleman.
iiotjse bills.
The bill (H. R. No. 7-5) to facilitate the con-
struction of the court-house at Springfield,
Illinois, was read and passed to a second read-
ing ; and, on motion of Mr. Trumbull, it was
ordered to lie on the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 331) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes, was read the
first time by its title.
Mr. SUMNER objecting to its second read-
ing, the bill was laid over.
Thejoint resolution (H. R. No. 72) to regu-
late the hours of labor of Government labor-
ers, workmen, and mechanics was, on motion
of Mr. Wilson, read the second time by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 243) to provide for the
publication of the opinions of the Attorneys
General, and for other purposes, was read and
passed to a second reading.
The bill (H. R. No. 419) allowing parties in
certain cases to testify was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table.
The bill (H. Ii. No. 134) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and or-
dered to lie on the table.
railroad in oregon,
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
94) to amend an act entitled "An act granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, in Ore-
gon,'' approved July 25, 1866.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the amend-
ment was concurred in.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhersox. its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No.
6) for the protection of the interests of the
United States in the Union Pacific Railway
Company and the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, and for other purposes; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore.
ij executive business.
•I The Senate proceeded to the consideration
ii of executive business, After some time spent
|; in executive session, the doors were reopened
atfour o'clock a. m., and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 9, 1860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
messatte from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate, in
the absence of the Vice President, had chosen
Hon. Henry B. A'^hony, a Senator from
Rhode Island, Prer?fent of the Senate pro
tempore.
taxes on whisky and tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the bill (H.
R. No. 140) to amend an act entitled "An actim-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes,'' approved July 20, 1868,
which is on the Speaker's table, with Senate
amendments, has been considered informally
this morning by the Committee of Ways and
Means, who have directed me to move that the
House non-concur in the amendments, and ask
the appointment of a committee of conference.
I ask that the order be made by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. Schenck, Mr. Allison, and Mr. Mar-
shall were appointed as the committee of
conference on the part of the House.
testimony of parties.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary a bill (H. *R. No. 355)
allowing parties in certain cases to testify.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the laws of the several States for the
time being wherein United States courts are
held, except where the Constitution aud'treaties
of the United States shall otherwise provide,
shall govern as to the competency of witnesses
in all criminal trials in such courts.
The second section provides that in all crim-
inal cases in the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia and the several Territories the party
charged, at his own request and not otherwise,
may be a witness; but his neglect to testify
shall not be considered by the jury as evidence
against him.
The third section provides that in all courts
held under the authority of the United States
in the several States and Territories and in the
District of Columbia parties in civil actions
and proceedings, including probate and bank-
ruptcy proceedings, suits in equity, and divorce
suits, (exceptthose in which a divorce is sought
on the ground of alleged adultery of either
party,) shall be admitted as competent wit-
nesses for themselves or any other party ; and
in any such case in which the wife is a party or
one of the parties, she and her husband shall
be competent witnesses for and against each
other, but they shall not be allowed to testify
as to private conversations with each other.
Where one of the original parties to the con-
tract or cause of aetion in issue and on trial is
dead, or is shown to the court to be insane, the
other party is not to be admitted to testify in
his own favor unless the contract in issue was
originally made with a person who is living and
competent to testify, except as to such acts and
contracts as have been done or made since the
probate of the will or the appointment of the
administrator.
The fourth section provides for the repeal of
the proviso in section three, chapter two hun-
dred and ten, of the act approved July 2, 1864,
and all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act.
Mr. BIRD. I object.'
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended so as to enable me
to report the bill for action at the present time.
I do not think any member will object when
he understands the. purport of the bill. It
