1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Mr. DEWEESE. I call for the regular
order.
election' contest myers vs. mofi'ut.
The House resumed the consideration of the
regular order, being the business pending at
the adjournment last evening, namely, the con-
tested-election case of Leonard Myers vs. John
MoftVt, from the third congressional district
of Pennsylvania, on which Mr. Stevekson was
entitled to the floor for thirty-eight minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to have the gen-
tleman in charge of this case intimate to the
House how much time will be allowed iu the
discussion of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state what I pro-
pose to do.
great and little osage indian lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to make a privileged
report from the committee of conference on
the joint resolution (S. No. 10) enabling actual
settlers to purchase certain lands of the Great
and Little Osage Indians.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the Senate joint reso-
lution (No. 19) have met, and after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede fromtheirdisagreementto
the amendment of the House and agree to tho same
with an amendment, namely: strike out_ all of the
House amendment from the word ''acre" in the four-
teenth line to the word " under " in the nineteenth
line, and in lieu of those words insert: "within two
years from the passage of this actand at the end
of the joint resolution insert the following proviso:
" Provided, however. That nothing in this act shall be
construed as in any manner affecting any legal rights
heretofore vested in any other party or parties; and
that the Houso agree to the same.
S. C. POMEROY,
JAMES HARLAN.
Managers on the pari of the Senate.
GEORGE W. JULIAN,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
THOMAS SWANN.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest myers vs. moffet.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have occupied twenty-
two minutes of the first hour. I propose now
to yield the floor to my colleague from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Raxdall] for the remaining
thirty-eight minutes of the first hour, at the
expiration of which time I expect to demand
the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I perfectly well under-
stood from the gentleman having charge of this
case that I was to be allowed an hour, that he
was to be allowed an hour if he desired it, and
that each of the contestants, if they desired it,
should be allotted the same extent of time. I
ask him whether he contradicts me in that
statement?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state to the House
exactly what my recollection is. I stated that
I should ask of the House at least two hours
for debate, and that it should be equally divided,
and that I supposed that was all we could get.
Mr. RANDALL. Two hours on each side.
Mr. STEVENSON. No ; two hours for the
whole case.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I understand that I
shall now have thirry-eight minutes, and at some
subsequent point in the debate twenty-two
minutes more.
Mr STEVENSON. That, is my intention.
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Wooijwakd.]
The SPEAKER. For how long a tune ?
Mr. WOODWARD. For no time at all. I
move to postpone the further consideration of
this resolution until the first Monday in Decem-
ber next, and I make that motion because it is
apparent from the present condition of the
House that they are notin a condition to decide
this case. Every gentleman has some measure
to press upon the attention of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. Am I obliged to yield
for that motion ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields
the remainder of his hour he can restrain those
gentlemen to whom he yields from making any
motions.
Mr. RANDALL. He yielded absolutely.
Mr. STEVENSON. No ; I yielded for
debate only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] who makes this motion, that under the j
rules it is debatable within very narrow limits.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not wish to debate
it. I merely want to state the reasons why I
make the motion. I make it in perfectly good
faith, and I think if the House will reflect
upon it they will agree to my motion.
The SPEAKER. There is a point of order
pending which the Chair desires to have
decided.
Mr. RANDALL. Allow me to make a
statement. By the courtesy of the gentleman
from Ohio I am entitled to thirty-eight minutes
now, and subsequently to twenty-two minutes
in my own right, his hour having expired.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, no.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, you cannot get
more than sixty minutes into one hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. I used twenty-two min-
utes of my hour, and I propose to yield now to
my colleague on the committee for thirty-eight
minutes, for the purpose of debate only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that according to the uniform and unbroken
usage of the House, where a gentleman rises
to debate under the hour rule, if he yields a
portion of his time he controls the question
of making motions within that hour if he
yields for debate only, and it is not the right ot
any gentleman speaking within his time to
make an adverse or hostile motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to know under
your decision whether there is any time when
I can get possession of the floor in my own
right?
The SPEAKER. That will depend upon
whether the gentleman having charge of the
case shall at the close of his hour call the pre-
vious question, and it will depend upon the
decision of the majority of the House, to which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in common
with the Chair, must bow.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not want to take j
up the time of my colleague. I want him to j
have all the time he wishes, but I want the case j
postponed.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemanirom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] has the floor, and the
Chair will recognize him as entitled to thirty-
eight minutes, now beginning.
Mr. RAND ALL. Mr. Speaker, by the public
records in this case the sitting member received
127 majority in the third district of Pennsyl-
vania, and the Committee of Elections have
been called upon to examine fully into the par-
ticulars bearing upon the case and to see
whether, upon a review of the returns and the
papers in the possession of the committee, it is
proper to unseat the sitting member.
The first point on the part of the contestant,
on which he seems to place some reliance, is
a dispute as to the right of the nisi prius court
sitting in Philadelphia to grant naturalization
papers. But as the majority of the Committee
of Elections in their report make no substan-
tial objection to the legality of those naturali-
zation papers, it becomes unnecessary for me
now to detain the House by exhibiting the
untenabihty of the ground occupied by the con-
testant in that particular.
The next point material to this case is the
question as to throwing out of the court two
divisions in this district. Now, let us exam-
ine the surroundings of the election as it took
placc in these two divisions. e have impar-
tial evidence upon that point, because ii comes
from the election officers of both political par-
ties who conducted that election. I now ask
the Clerk to read what 1 send up to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows;
"John Tomlinson, being duly sworn, doth depose1
and say;
"By Mr. Faunce:
" Question. "When yon were examined as contest-
ant's witnessdidyou state that you were an officer in
the sixth division of the seventeenth ward; and if so,
please state what officer?
" Answer. I was minority window inspector.
" Question. Was there any qualified citizens of said
division deprived of their right to vote on that day 1
"Answer. None that I know of.
" Question. To> what political party do you belong ?
"Ansioer, I belong to the Republican party. I
generally vote that ticket.
"Reexamined by Mr. 3?aunce :
" Question. Who put the tickets into-the box?
" Answer. I did. _ ....
" Question. Was not the election in said division
conducted properly, lawfully, and legally ?
"Answer. X am not posted on the laws of election?
but I saw nothing inside that I snspicioned any foul
play about. I had not the chance to see the list of
taxables, to see whether a man's name was on the
list when he came np to rote.
" Question. Would Mr. McGuckin have refused to
show you the list had you desired ? ^ T
" Answer. That I cannot say; I did not ask him'.
"James McGaekin, being duly sworn, deposes and
says:
"By Mr. Hirst, jr.:
" Question. Where do you reside 7
"Answer. No. 1408-Cadwaladerstreet, sixth divis-
ion of the seventeenth ward.
"Question. Were you an election officer in that
division; and if so, what were your duties ?
"Answer. I was majority window inspector: I kept
the tally list of the list of taxables; that is. I mean
the list of taxables. . ,
" Question. Did you mark the letterY opposite the
name of each voter on the list of taxables as tney
voted? '
" Answer. I did; I might have missed a few.
" Question. Was not the election in the sixth elec-
tion division of the seventeenth ward conducted in
every manner legally and according to all the re-
quirements of laws reg'ulating elections?
" Answer. It was, to the best of my knowledge ana
opinion, and the rest of my brother officers so said
while in the room.
" James Mahoney, being duly sworn, deposes and
says:
"By Mr. Faunce:
"Question. Where do you reside? _
"Answer. No. 1532 Bodine street, m tho seventu
division of the seventeenth ward._ .
"Question. Were you an election officer m tho
seventh division of theseventeenthwardattkoelec-.
tion held ob the 13th day of October last?
" Answer. I was the majority window inspector.
"Question. How was the election conducted in saicl
division on the 13th of October last?
"Answer. Conducted properly, as 1 thought,
" Question. Was anything said—if so, what was said
as to the election being conducted in aproper manner?
"(Question objected to, because the best evidence
the witness could give would be a statement ot the
manner in which the election was conducted. It will
be for Congress to decide whether it was conducted
in the proper manner.)
"Answer. As soon as the window was closed some
of the Republican officers—I am not certain whether
they all did or not, that I cannot say—returned me
and the rest of the Democratic officers their thanks
for the manner in which we conducted the election-
Mr. Carson, who was the window inspector s clerk,
seemed to be jubilant in regard to the way the elec-
tion was conducted. Ho was a Republican onicer,
Mr. RANDALL. It is thus established
beyond cavil or dispute that there was nothing
in the manner of conducting the election in the
sixth division of the seventeenth ward which
even occasioned a suspicion on the part of any
officer that any foul play whatever was at-
tempted, and the testimony makes proof that
in the seventh division of the seventeenth ward
everything was conducted in such a way as to
meet the approval of the Republican election
officers during the day, and that when they
came to separate at night the Democratic offi-
cers received the thanks of their political
opponents for their fairness. And yet under
the circumstances where do we find any reason
or justice in throwing out the returns of these
two divisions, as the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections recommend, except it be to
reach a desired and violent result?
Further on it is alleged that in the sixth
division of the seventeenth ward 87 unassessed
votes were cast, and that in the seventh divis-
ion of the seventeenth ward 72 unassessea
votes were cast. Now, I submit that there is
not a scintilla of evidence which goes to show
for whom those unassessed voters cast their
votes for Congressmen. In the seventh dis-
trict the contestant made effort to establish by
direct testimony the number of_ votes which
the returns showed he had received ; but he
