1869.
the 00jntgkessiojstal globe.
m5
some of tliem voted for Mr. Myers; four be is
unable to account for ; but, says the gentleman
from Ohio, it must be presumed that the others
and all other illegal votes cast were cast for
Mr. Moffet.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me ask the gentle-
man if there was any other candidate running.
Mr. WOODVVAKD. I want to know where
is the ground of the gentleman's presumption
that these votes, which the gentleman claims
were illegal, were cast for Mr. Moffet?
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman, sup-
pose that Mr. Myers 
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. DICKEY. Ah!
Mr. WOODWARD. I always speak here
with a halter around my neck, but I will not
agree that the gentleman [Mr. dicker] shall
hold it. Here on page 4 you will find a speci-
men of the gentleman's logic, which he says is
good logic in Ohio. But, sir, I have no doubt
Mr. Myers is to be admitted. The gentleman
need not suppose that I have been so long in
this House without knowing how difficult it is
to get a ease that depends upon minute evi-
dence and principles of law intelligently before
a body like this when the men whose business
it is to present it are engaged in obscuring and
involving it. I have said that nobody in this
House in the closing duties of the session had
had an opportunity to do justice to this case.
Nobody will have that opportunity. Therefore
it was that I intimated this morning when it
came up that it ought to be postponed till
next December. I submitted a motion to that
effect, but it was ruled out of order. If there
comes a time during this discussion when it
will be in order for me to make that motion I
will do so, so as to bring the House to the
point of determining whether it- is worth while
to know what the case is before we decide it.
Why, sir. what consequences will result if
we postpone itThe session closes to-morrow.
I acknowledge that Mr. Myers's presence here
is of great value to the House, but having got
along thus far without him I think we can get
along one day more without his assistance, and
when we meet in the fall and have time to
investigate the case every gentleman who is
disposed to do justice on this floor will fiud
that Mr. Myers has got no case. It will be
found that he has not got the shadow of a case.
There is nothing more necessary than to apply
to the election officers in the city and county
of Philadelphia those legal presumptions that
belong to every faithful officer the world over
to explode this report of the gentleman from
Ohio into thin air ; but then it requires more
time to enable us to take up this volume of
testimony and go over name byname, date by
date, fact by fact, and to see how hollow this
thing is. Why the committee, after having
ciphered as hard as they could, brought Moffet
out elected by 92 majority, and then deprived
him of that majority only in the manner I have
described, by reversing all the legal presump-
tions that belong to all official actions and by
insisting that Myers shall have the benefit of
the only"riot that occurred that day, a dis-
graceful one, in the tenth precinct of the seven-
teenth ward.
Now, sir, in that condition of this record I
think it would be reasonable and fair and de-
cent to allow gentlemen to take time to inform
themselves in regard to the facts. I do not
think it is decent to press Leonard Myers upon
us in the hurried condition of our business and
the circumstances in which we are placed. I
do not recognize any such necessity of the na-
tion for his presence here as to deny the post-
ponement of the case till December. I would
like to make that motion now if it were in order.
Mr. Speaker, there is one other subject to
which I wish to allude in connection with this
election. The committee touch it very ten-
derly indeed, nevertheless they touch it. They
bring in here what they call Judge Reed'sopin-
ioii iinoo illegal naturalization by the court of
tii.ti prins. They say it has nothing to do with
tin! ca-i'. The natural question would arise,
Why do you bring it in then ? Is it brought
in here to confuse the minds of gentlemen ?
Why is it introduced? Mr. Speaker, we in
Pennsylvania know that the less that is said
about that opinion so- called of J udge Reed the
better for the judge and for all other parties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I now demand the
previous question.
Mr. WOODWARD." Is it in order now to
move to postpone the further consideration of
this case until December next?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Blair.)
It is not, pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
75. noes 25.
deficiency appropriation bill.
_ Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. i present a report from the committe of
conference on the deficiency bill.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tbe two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. It. 354) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for tho service of the Government lor the fiscal
years ending June 30, 13(30, and June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free*
conference, have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Ilouses as follows:
That the Senate rcccdc from their amendments
numbered 10, 11,12,13,14,15,16,17, IS, ID, 20, 30, 31,
and 36.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 7, 22, 25,
27, o2, 37.38, 3D, and 42, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said amendment the words "fifty-three" and insert
in lieu thereof the words "forty-seven;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-third amendmentof tho Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following : " Pro-
vided, That any portion of the sums appropriated
in the three preceding items which may be necessary,
and also any portion of tbe amount appropriated
for the court-house at Springfield, Illinois, by an
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,1870,
and for other purposes, approved March 2,1869, may
be expended during the current fiscal year;" and
that the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows;
strike out of said amendment the word "forty" and
insert in lieu the word "twenty;" and tho Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out all of said amendment after the enacting clause
and insert in lieu the following: that the "Wash-
ington G-os-Light Company be, and they are hereby,
required to increase their rate of discount for prompt
payments to eighteen and three Quarters per cent,
from and after the 1st day of November next;" and
the Senate agree to the fame.
FERXANDO c. BEAMAN,
WILLIAM LOUGHtUDGE,
WILLIAM E. SIBLACK.,
Manoaert oil flic part of the House.
WILLIAM PITT FESSENDEX,
HENKY WILSON,
ALEXANDER KAMSEV,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BEAMAN. Unless some gentleman
desires to make inquiry, I move the previous
question.
Mr, NIBLACK. I desire to say that the
report is on the whole a very considerable
induction on the amount appropriated by the I
amendments of' the Senate, and I think it !
ought to be concurred in. J
The previous question was seconded and the i
main question ordered : and under the opera- :
tion thereof the report of the committee of \
conference was agreed to. ;
Mr. BR \ MAX moved to reconsider the ^
vote by which the report was agreed to : and ,
also moved that the motion to reconsider be ;
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest—myers vs. moffet.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections on
the contested-election case, from the third con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, of Myers vs. }
Moffet; the pending question being upon order-
ing the main question to be now put.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays, because I desire that what has been
usual heretofore shall be allowed in this case,
and that is an hour on our side to close the
| debate.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. RANDALL. I want to call the atfcen-
i tion of the House to the fact that I have not
; even had an opportunity to offer my amead-
| ment.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 39, not voting
57 ; as follows :
. YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Banks, Beaman,
; Beatty, Benton, Blair, Boyd, Baffinton, Burden,
! Benjamin ]v. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
i Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Cook. Con-
i ger, Cullom, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Farns-
| worth, Ferries, Fmkelnburg, Fitch, Gilflllan, Hale,
i Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper,
1 Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Alexander
I P-/.on®8' Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
1 Lailm, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy. Mcfirew. Mercur, William Moore, Daniel J.
.Morreli. Saiauel P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill, Ortii,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
behenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon. Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smytb, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes. Stoughton, Taffe, Tanner,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell. Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wasbbnra, William B.
Washburn, "Welter, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, John X. Wilson, and Witcher—105.
NAYS—Messrs, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Brooks, Burr,
Cleveland, Crebs, Dickinson, Btdridge, Getz.GolIa-
day, Greene, Griswold, Hamill, Holman. Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr,Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick,
McNeely, Morgan, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Read-
ing, Reeves, Sloeum, Stone, Swann, Siveeney, Tihn-
ble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells, TCugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—39.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Arncll, Axtell, Bailey,Benjamin,
Bennett, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Calkin, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn.Cowles, Davis, Dawes,Deweese, Doek-
ery. Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Gfaifleld, Haight,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins, Iloag,
Johnson, Julian, Knapp, Logan, Lynch, MeOvary,
iloffet, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, M or-
rissey, Mungen, Peters, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Voorhees, Whittemore, Winans; and Wood—57.
So the main question was ordered.
message from the sknatii.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate in-
sisted upon its amendments disagreed to by
the House to the bill (H. li. No. 140) to amend
an act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes, approved July
20, 1868, agreed to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Sher-
I m.i.v, Mr. Morrill, and Mr. Bayard, as the
! conferees on the part of the Senate.
1 ELECTION CONTEST MYBt'.S VS. MOFrET.
! The House resumed the consideration of the
! contested-election case of Myers us. Moffet.
!i Mr. STEVENSON. I now yield to the gen-
ii tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I was before denied the
privilege of offering the minority resolution in
place of the majority resolutions. Can I offer
it now?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not yield for any
purpose except for debate.
Mr. BUltK, Is not the resolution of the
I minority already pending by virtue of the re-
' port of the minority ?
| The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the resolution of the minority is not now
' pending.
' Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman from
j Ohio [Mr. Stbvexson] refuse as the privilege
, of offering the minority resolution ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will not object to it
.t the close of the debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield to the sitting
' member, [Mr. Moffet.]
i Mr. MOFFET. Mr. Speaker, an examin-
i ation of the proofs in this case will show that the
; time limited by the act of Congress, although
i abundant in ordinary eases, has been insufii-
■ eient in this by reason of the broad area of
I investigation presented by the specifications,
i And it will further show that the time occupied
in taking the proof has been unequally—per-
