690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
and one loose one, (page45,) and it follows that
the e£fort to show that all the illegal votes were
cast for Mr Moffet, because all the 85 votes
cast for Mr. Myers are proved to have been cast
by other persons, has entirely failed. Deduct
from the 41 names the 9 above mentioned, and
take into the account the three tickets in which
Mr. Moffet's slips were pasted over the name
of Mr: Myers, or loose, a margin of 56 is left
in doubt upon the question who cast the votes ;
or allowing the doubtful 9, the margin of 47 is
ample to cover and more than cover all alleged
illegal votes many times over. Add to these
remarks the fact that on one ticket the name
of Mr. Myers was defaced and not counted,
page 45.
Last, the question of throwing out the en-
tire v6te of the division remains to be consid-
ered. ' Most of the remarks in reference to the
sixth division apply here, and need not be re-
peated. At page 329 Mr. Mahoney, one of
the window inspectors, testified that the elec-
tion was conducted properly as he thought, and
he adds, "As soon as the window was closed
some of the Republican officers—I am not cer-
tain whether they all did or not, that I cannot
say—returned me and the rest of the Demo-
cratic officers their thanks for the manner in
which we conducted the election." This was
not contradicted. Atfoot of page 329 he testi-
fies that he generally swore parties that were
challenged, and put them through a series of
questions, and adds, "I used allalike." This
.wag also not contradicted; on the contrary,
one of the Republican officers (page 43) is
" Was there any difference made by the inside offi-
cers. between Democratic and Republican voters in
the reception of votes?"
"Jingttter. Not as I know of."
Another gentleman, also a Eepublican, who
kept the window book outside, from half past
seven to twelve, and from two to six o'clock,
is asked, (page 41:)
" How many persons voted to your knowledge,
.ind when you were present at the polls, and when
yon challenged the same, or others challenged the
flame, without said persons being sworn or vouched
for?"
" Answer. In the neighborhood of fifteen."
" Question. Of the fifteen persons you have men-
tioned, please prive mo on© single name."
14 Answer. I don't recollect their names."
It seems to be an untenable and quite un-
founded demand to set aside the election of an
entire division upon afterthoughts, such as
have been manifested in this case. The con-
temporaneous convictions of election ,officers
of both parties during and at the close of an
election, that it was fairly conducted, over-
whelms all the technical faults and flaws which
keen-eyed rivals may afterward discover, or
aeem to. It is the merits of au election that
test, it. _ And if the official watchmen of the
public rights, wisely composed of representa-
tives of the contending parties, are satisfied,
<md proclaim at its close that it lias fairly ex-
pressed the sentiments of their constituents,
and separate with expressions of mutual kindly
and friendly feelings, they, who are the best
judges, and had the best opportunities of
knowledge, and the sternest promptness of
duty, their opinions are, and ought to be, con-
clusive.
It is unwise policy to set aside elections in
entire districts of territory; to disfranchise
hundreds and thousands of citizens because a
few have offended. The precedent is a fear-
fully dangerous one. The poll can be purged
of the votes of sucli offenders. Here the
canvass of the district in question has been
thorough, with ample means, an active body
of c-ight or nine hundred policemen, whose
offices depend upon the result of the city con-
test, the contestants have enjoyed opportuni-
ties of rare value, and by their opportunities
and activity we will measure their results. On
the other hand, without means, or an active
body of canvassers, the incumbent was unable
to accomplish the thorough organization with
which his respected opponent has been favored.
A brief statement will be sufficient to answer
specification thirty-six, which avers that the
election in the seventh division, nineteenth
ward, was not held at the proper place. The
testimony appears at pages 1(51, 177, and 394.
it was not possible to bold the election in the
precise place designated, but it was held at the
adjoining premises, rented by the same per-
son. There was no objection, no inconven-
ience; it is not alleged that any voter was
misled or that any person's vote .was lost. In
short, there was universal acquiescence in an
unavoidable necessity.
CASS OP INCUMBENT.
We will submit brief references to the evi-
dence, premising that the same question as to
"hearsay" testimony and as to the "head-
ings" of tickets often occur here, as they did
in the contestant's evidence-. If such testi-
mony is considered insufficient in deciding upon
that evidence, thesame rule will govern through-
out.
Ward 12, division 1. Mr. Drysdale (page
338) refers to nine illegal votes; he names a
tenth, but corrects that statement at page 346.
Ward 12, division 2. Mr. Brurein (page 346)
refers to three votes, and Mr. Speckater, at
page 336, adds his knowledge as to one of
them.
Ward 12, division 4. Mr. Moore, (page 359,)
Mr. Crawford, (page 361,) and Mr. Belster-
ling, (page 381,) testify to the colonization of
strangers in this division.
Ward 12, division 5. Mr. Kreider (page 341)
assails two votes, Dalgcll and Wolf.
Ward 16, division 2. Mr. Myers (page 387)
proves 4 illegal votes, Boyle, Hoffner, Riley,
and Young. Mr. Lynd (page 399) proves
Young's confession that he voted twice.
Ward 16, division 4. Mr. Weber (page 393)*
proves that Young, who voted as above in the
second division, voted in the third division, and
two false personations by Dougherty and Kess-
ler. Mr. Albert corroborates the last witness;
he saw Kessler vote in the name of Taylor ;
he knew him.
Ward 1G, division 6. Mr. Young (page 398)
proves that Dougherty, the same man who
personated another person in the third division,
voted in the sixth under the name of Brill.
Mr. Christy (page 426) proves that Dougherty
voted under an assumed name.
Ward 16, division 7. AldermanRiddell (page
| 895) proves his right to vote.
Ward 16, division 12. Mr. fteinfried, (page
3-18.) Mr. Dundas, (page 349,) and Mr. Palmer,
(page 351,) prove 4 illegal votes, Ray, Martin,
Mclntyre, and Gillen.
Ward 17. division 2. John Kelly (pages 407
i and -110) was called to prove that his natural-
! ization was fraudulent; lie was an old man,
I who presented minor's papers.
! Ward 17, division 6. John Cordy (page" 414)
j proves aud admits that his naturalization was
i fraudulent, and that he voted the Eepublican
i ticket.
: Ward 18, division 1. Mr. Fitzpatriek (page
. o91 j proves that the votes of nine citizens who
!! had been naturalized by the supreme court
ij were rejected; no evidence was given or offered
! to impeach them ; also, that the vote of Charles
J Fithian was received, although he would not
1 swear that he had paid taxes.
| Ward 18, division 2. Mr. O' Mara (page 380 j
i' proves that Butterworth's vote was illegal, and
!| that the naturalization certificate of Meehan
! was rejected because the signature of James
Ross Snowdcn, the prothonotary, had not the
prefix "Colonel" before his name. The voter
then went to Judge Allison, who pronounced
the paper right and advised him to reofi'er his
vote—which he did, in the presence of wit-
nesses—and if then refused, the officer would
act at his peril.
Ward 18, division 3. Mr. Robinson (page
356) proves that his vote was legal and refused.
Mr. Fisher (page 362) proves eight illegal votes:
Plumb, Stanton or Stenson, Iterbaugh, Long,
McKee, Blair, Nice, and Bartholomew; and
that seven certificates of naturalization, pre-
sented by citizens who had their vouchers with
them, who had known thera from ten to six-
teen years, were rejected. Mr. McKeever
(page 414) proves that Stenson, who voted, as
above, resided with him in the seventeenth
ward; and McGiven (page 352) proves that
McKee was not in the State until June last, and
therefore not entitled to vote.
Ward 18, division 4. McGiven (page 351)
proves that John Piper was an illegal voter.
Ward 18, division o. Mr. Myers (page 353)
proves that the votes of twelve citizens who
presented supreme court papers were denied
the right to vote.
Ward 18, division 7. Mr. Dwier (page 384)
proves one illegal vote, John Daly ; and also
that the votes of two persons were rejected who
were alleged deserters, but who had not been
tried or convicted. The supreme court of
Pennsylvania have decided that a conviction
for desertion by a proper tribunal, is necessary
to disfranchise a citizen.
Ward 18, division 10. Mr. Manning (page
368) proves seven votes of persons fraudulently
naturalized.
Ward 19, division 2. The testimony of Mr.
Jones (page 397) and of Mr. Nugent (page
397) shows that Mr. Patterson had moved from
the division on the day before the election.
This is one of the cases in which parties who
removed within ten days of the election appear,
innocently, to have voted in the division they
left, several of which occur in the testimony
on both sides.
Ward 19, division 6. Two brothers, John
and David Stewart, (page 409,) voted on papers
obtained just before the election. They had
first obtained minor's papers in 1866, and had
voted on them ignorantly. Ascertaining that
they were wrong, they obtained other papers,
but they should have declared their intention
and waited two years.
Ward 19, division 9. The vote of Mr. Weis-
ser, (page 389,) an old resident, was refused.
This is corroborated by Mr. Craig (page 420)
and Mr. Hall, (page 422.) It is proved, also,
(page 421,) that the vote of Martin, who pre-
sented supreme court papers, was refused with-
out cause.
Ward 19, division 10. Mr. Graham (page
415) proves that his own vote was illegal. And
John Sloan (page 430) shows that his own vote,
on minor's papers, was illegal, and rejected
by the same officers on his own oath in No-
vember. These objections are not intended
to waive the point that the poll was an illegal
one; they shed light upon the conduct of the
election officers.
Ward 19, division 14. Mr. McCloskey I page
419) testified that one Gilmore voted on papers
at the October election, and upon his own oath
was rejected in November. . At page 427
another case of removal appears. Mr. Whar-
ton states that Mr. Henry Smithers, an officer
of the election, had removed within ten days
of the election, aud so admitted.
Mr. Speaker, I am convinced by the action
of the House within the last few days what its
final action will be upon this case. I had sup-
posed that the time had arrived when the Bep
resentatives of the American people would be
able to lay aside those influences which have
been guiding them for the last few years, par-
tisan passion and prejudice, and once more
allow reason and justice to resume sway. But
the hasty action of the Committee of Elec-
tions in this case convinces me that I have
erred, or that my belief was not well founded.
Indeed, their action to day has not taken me
by surprise; for it is only carrying out the
threat which was made against me from the
very first moment, from the very first hour of
the unanimous nomination given me by the
party to which I belong. It was then said that
no matter what majority I might get T never
would be allowed to retain my seat as a mem-
ber of this House. That threat was made
throughout the district, on the street corners,
in the bar-rooms, and in the workshops, and
that threat is now about to be carried out.
Even the contestant himself boastingly said,
"although I may not bp out of the woods I
soon will be "'
