m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
time in the history of election cases, I believe,
th£ gentlemen 011 the other side have had more
time than they want. They ought not there-
for§ to complain, as it ill becomes them, about
talking concerning everything else than the
aase. For three fourths of the time they have
complained that they have not had an oppor-
tunity to talk about it.
. Now, sir, I propose very briefly, in deference
to-the able and distinguished men who have
beep he&rd on that side of the House and in
Reference to them only, to make some closing
remarks, for notwithstanding their very dis-
tinguished ability, 1, an humble, green, inex-
perienced boy, think they have said nothing
pertinent to this case.
As to the argument of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] my colleague on the
committee, he bases the whole of it upon the
assumption that there is in the conduct of the
officer? of election in the sixth and seventh
divisions of the seventeenth ward no evidence
of fraud or wrong ; and he cites their opinion
of-their own conduct to prove this. He admits
the fact that one fourth of the entire poll was
made up of illegal voters, and that nearly two
hundred unassessed illegal voters were admit-
ted. But he says that because they who did
this wrong think it was right therefore we are
to conclude that it is right. He swears the
culprit as to his opinion of his guilt, and that
is his testimony.
Mr. R4NDALL. A Republican culprit.
Mr. STEVENSON. These men committed
a penitentiary offense, and I hope they will be
prosecuted. The law of Pennsylvania, to which
the gentlemen have scarcely alluded, which
they seem to fear to touch, says that for doing
these things these judges of election have sub-
jected themselves to a fine of $1,000 and im-
prisonment not exceeding two years. It is
proved by their own sworn testimony that they
did these things, and now the gentleman wants
us to decide this case on their statement that
they thought it was right. He says also that
the Republican inspectorsdid not know it was
wrong. Well, now, it so happened that in the
sixth division the .Republican inspector was so
innoeenttliat when he went there in the morn-
ing to open the polls he permitted the Demo-
cratic inspectors to send him away for an hour
in search of other officers, and in his absence
during that hour voting went on, and I believe
eighty odd votes were polled, nine tenths of
which yiere for Mr. Moffet. In that hour,
therefore, the voting was unlawful. If that
inspectorwas nottherethey should haveelected
another, which they did not do. But they sent
him away on a fool errand and then practiced
their frauds in his absence.
Mr. WOODWARD. There is no evidence
of that.
Mr. STEVENSON.
elusive.
Mr. WOODWARD.
Mr. STEVENSON.
The evidence is con-
I beg your pardon
The gentleman says
that he has not read it, but that does not show
that it is not there.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman does not
exhibit it. lie cannot refer to it.
_Mr. STEVENSON. The contestant filed a
brief-in this case more than three weeks ago,
in.which he refers to the pages in the testi-
mony, and the counsel on the other aide dared
not deny it, and it is true. But I am not to be
stopped now and the time of the House is not
to be wasted in helping these gentlemen to
study this case. It was their duty to have
studied it before it came on for trial. It was
certainly the duty of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. [Mr. Woodward,} the jurist of the
minority, to have considered the case before
he decided it. He opened his argument by
telling us that he had not read the testimony,
and then he decided the case conclusively, and
then he begged us to postpone it because he
said lie did not think anybody understood it;
and I think his speech conclusively showed
that he did not.
But how was it in the seventh division ? In
that division the inspector on the Republican
side was so innocent that he says himself he
was "green," and did not know what the law
was and had no opportunity to look at the
books. He had no opportunity to see whether
the names were on the poll-list. Here is the
case, then: a majority of the officers had been
for years officers of election. These Repub-
lican officers had never been officers of election
before. But it is due to the gentlemen upon
the other side, who have not had time to look
into the case at all, that I should give them
some information going to show that these
majority inspectors did know what they were
about. In the first plaGe, they objected to
no unassessed voter who came up having a
ticket with the Democratic heading in his hand,
but every Republican voter who came up they
put through the strictest examination, and in
one case they refused to receive the vote of a
man who was a legal voter even after he had
sworn it; he had to come there three times,
the last time backed by a policeman, and the
man who undertook to vouch for his vote had
his jaw broken and was driven from the polls.
Tell me they did not know these things!
Again, they demanded no naturalization
papers except from Republican voters, and
almost all the voters in the division were for-
eigners. The man who acted as judge in the
sixth division, where he had resided for eight-
een years, received the votes of thirty-four
personators—men who voted in the names of
others who had moved away or were dead or
absent. In one case he received the vote of
a man in the name of another when that other
lived in the same house with himself! He
knew intimately James White and John Mc-
Erlain and John O'Neill and John Bryan,
who had moved away, and yet he received
votes in their names! He had associated with
TimothyMcCarty. Listentothenames! "Tim-
othy McCarty," "John McErlain!" Why, it
is aisy to persave how it was done! [Laugh-
ter.] McCarty was in prison; another man
was in Ireland; and another man had been in
the penitentiary for years. Tell me they did
not know what they were doing!
But, then, on£ of these gentlemen says it was
a "fair election." McGuckin, who had his
brother outside crowding in votes for him to
take, says he thinks it was a fair election.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well.
Mr. MORGAN. My colleague has been kind
enough to say that he would inform this side
of the House of certain facts. Will he be kind
enough to tell us for whom the parties voted
whose names he has just read ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The evidence shows,
in my judgment, according to Ohis logic -
Mr. MORGAN". 1 do not want logic; I
waut facts.
Mr. STEVENSON. Wherever the vote is
proved to be an illegal vote, except four or five
in the sixth division, it was given for Mr.
Moffet.
Mr. MORGAN. I want my colleague to
state in regard to the persons just named by
him.
! Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot just now turn
I to the record.
| Mr. MORGAN. Is there auy evidence to
I show for whom they did vote?
| Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot now turn to
i the record of these particular persons. I will
i come to that question.
! Mr. MORGAN. Is there any such record ?
: Mr. STEVENSON. I think there is.
i Mr. MORGAN. Does my colleague know
i that, there is ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot answer posi-
tively now about these particular persons. I
cannot stop now to look up the evidence in
regard to them.
I think the facts I have stated prove the
knowledge of these election officers; they knew
they were doing wrong. The conclusion of the
law gentlemen do not deny. We have heard
from the jurist of that side of the House, as I
have before .staged. We kav% heard from thp
man to whom for years I have been accustomed
to look; and when I saw him looming up on
the other side of the House above his brethren
I could not help thinking of these lines:
" Like some tall cliff that roar:? its awful form,
Swells from the vale and midway leaves the storm.
Though rolling clouds around its breast are spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on its head."
So I had hoped to find the gentleman's head
clear, though his heart was buried in the
Democratic party.. But I find that the fumes
of paity rise to his head.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my colleague inform
us whether that is Ohio logic ?
Mr. STEVENSON. That is said to be
Goldsmith's, poetry. Now I come to the ques-
tiou of Ohio logic. I did not kjiow that logic
was divided up by State lines ; I did not know
that State rights had been carried so far as to
divide up logic by State lines. I have heard
of chopped logic, but I never before heard of"
its being chopped up by State lines. But I do
not care whether the gentleman calls it Ohio
logic, or Hedge's logic, or the logic of the
supreme court of Pennsylvania, 1 undertake
to say it is as good logic as the gentleman ever
administered on the bench.
Now, let us see; it is proved that in a certain
precinct Mr. Myers received only 55 votes in
all. It is proved that Mr. Moffet received all
the other votes cast in that precinct. It is
proved that 51 legal votes were east for Mr.
Myers in that precinct. That leaves only 4
illegal votes possible for Mr. Myers, for he
received but 55 votes in all in that precinct,
and 4 and 51 make 55. That is arithmetic, if
it is not logic. If he received but 55 votes in
all, and if 51 of those votes were legal, then
he could not by possibility have received over
4 illegal votes in that precinct. And on that
I put myself against the gentleman on the
other side from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] or any other man here or elsewhere.
I come Sow to notice in a word the very
eloquent declamation of the very distinguished
gentleman from the city of New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] It comes well, it fits this case in
everyway, that the Representative of the worst
district of the worst city of the worst State of
this Union should be heard here defending
these frauds In horror the gentleman asks,
" Where will it end? If fraud is to be investi-
> gated, if fraud is to be defeated, if fraud is to
i be trampled down, oh! where will it end?" I
will answer the gentleman. I hope and trust
in the God of nations that it will end, sooner
or later, in the city of New York, and in his
own district.
Here let me say that there is another fitting
circumstance in this case. It is fitting that the
Representative of the first congressional dis-
trict of the State of Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] should be heard on this floor in defense
of these frauds. He says that if we are to in-
terfere in this case we might as well go to his
district. I wish that we had the opportunity
to go to his district.
Mr. RANDALL. No doubt of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no doubt that
the sons of Erin voted there, too. The gen-
tleman says this was a "free election." Yes;
it was the "freest" election that ever came to
my knowledge. It was so "free" that one
fourth more persons than the number of legal
voters voted; that the same men voted three
or four times, and that persons voted in the
name of dead men, absent men, and men in
the penitentiary.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman in
his present statement allude to my district?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I am speak-
ing of the third district. The gentleman's dis-
trict is even worse, as I shall show directly.
[Laughter.] This was, I say, the "freest"
election ever held anywhere. Apparently the
rule adopted was that of the immortal John
Van Buren, who advised the electors of the
good city of New York to "vote early and
vote often."
Now, it seems that these same judges who
think tb$t this election ®.&§ su.oh a fi^ir and
