1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
There are no churches and no schools on these
islands, and no inhabitants save and except
home two hundred and fifty persons. These
islands are characterized 1/y the fishermen as
rookeries; and upon these rookeries the fur-
seal haul at certain seasons of the year. And
unless they are preserved by law they will be
destroyed.
This subject was before the Committee on
Commerce of this House of the last Congress
fur several weeks, and was carefully considered
by their). Every member of that committee
came to the conclusion that some such action
as is here proposed should be taken ; and the
Committee on Commerce of the Senate came
to the same conclusion. And I have yet to find
a man who ever examined this subject who
does not come to the conclusion that unless
those seals are protected by law they will be
run off from theso islands and will haul over
on the Asiatic coast beyond our reach. Now
we desire to preserve this trade on the Ameri-
can coast, and we desire at the same time to
obtain revenue for the Government.
This bill has two objects in view, one to pre-
serve these animals, and thereby to continue
this trade from year to year ; the other to pro-
duce a revenue to the Government. I will be
supported by every gentleman who served with
me on the Committee on Commerce of the last
House in the statement that there was no dis-
agreement about the principle of the bill; we
disagreed only in regard to the nmou nt of tax to
be levied, some favoring a dollar for each seal
killed, and others being in favor of levying a
tax as high as two dollars. We eventually
settled as a compromise upon the rate of $1 50.
The raw skin in the market ranges in price
from two and a half to four dollars; so that
the tax proposed of SI 50 was a pretty high
tax.
Xow, there are innumerable adventurers in
San Francisco who desire to go to these islands
to engage in this seal fishery. While I have
the honor to represent San Fraucisco I do not
consider that that city owns these islands any
more than does New England or Xew York;
they belong to the whole country. Now, when-
ever you sell these islands somebody will get a
monopoly of them, ic is said. Every leasehold
is in the nature of a monopoly. I am not afraid
of that terrible word " monopoly." We farm
out these islands to the highest bidder: we au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to lease
these islands in that way. Now, we on this
«ide of the House have confidence in Governor
Boutwell, and are -fling to trust him in this
matter, on the condition that he shall require
a tax of SI 50 on every skin taken, the number
taken to be limited to one hundred thousand a
year, and that they shall not be killed by fire-
arms.
This bill has been carefully considered by
the Committee on Commerce, and Mr. Eliot,
of Massachusetts, the chairman of that com-
mittee. and avery able gentleman, was ail earn-
t st advocate of the bill. _ The committee were
unanimously of the opinion that it was neces-
sary to confer this power upon the Secretary of
the"Treasury. Now, if he leases these islands
I he man who gets the lease will have what is
called a monopoly. Very well; when you sell
a man enough of the public lands to make mm
a farm he has a monopoly.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. ELDRIDGE Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Dixox] yield for an amend-
ment? , „ ,
Mr DIXON. i cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr". ELDRIDGE. I do not ask the gentle-
man to accept the amendment unless it recom-
mends itself to his judgment.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House. The question is upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider 011 table. ,
The question was taken : and upon a uivis-
i,there were—ayes "'2, noes -IS: m> I11"1"1"
s otitis;.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Dixon and
Mr. Blaih were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were— ayes 07, noes oO.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, returned, agreeably to the request
of the House, the resolution (S. No. 38) for the
protection of soldiers and their heirs.
election frauds im louisiana.
The SPEAKER. A special committee was
> authorized by the House to visit the State of
Louisiana to investigate the alleged election j
' frauds in that State, two members of the com- j
, mittee to be designated by the-Committee of |
; Election , and a third by the Speaker. The
I Chair appoints as a member of the committee
' the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
j vv'itiidbawaii op papers.
i Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, obtained leave
1 to withdraw from the files of the House, with-
I out leaving copies, papers in the case of E. A.
! Sawyer, of Tennessee.
| leave ok absence.
I Mr. Reading and Mr. Wheeler obtained
leave of absence for the remainder of the
session.
revenue frauds in california.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
I compliance with a resolution of the House of
! the 1st instant, the report of Samuel Purdy,
i special agent of the Treasury to investigate
; frauds in the collection of the internal revenue
| in California; which was, on motion of Mr.
; saroent, referred to the Committee of Ways
i and Means, and ordered to be printed.
! kefhrnishiko president's house.
I The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
i sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury in relation
to an appropriation of $25,000 for refurnishing
the President's house ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
|j consent of the House to have taken from the
] I Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate
!i to the bill of the House authorizing the sub-
|! mission of the constitutions of Virginia, Mis- j
:! sissippi, and Texas to a vote of the people, <
!! and authorizing the election of State officers ,
i! provided by the said constitutions and the 1
, election of members of Congress. 1 desire to
t. move to concur in the amendments of the
ii Senate.
j Mr. BROOKS. I object.
! Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move that the rules be suspended in order to ;
take those amendments from the Speaker's'
table for consideration at this time. ;
The question was taken upon the motion to i
suspend the rules ; and upon a division there ■
: were —ayes SI, noes 2G.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and there were
yeas 110, nays 30, not voting 55 ; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Banks, Beaman, Boat'y, 1'ennett, Benton. Bingham,
Blair, Bole?, Bowen, Boyd, Bulnnton, burdett. Ben-
' iamin j'\ ISntler, Roderick It. buUer, take. Ci'^na,
Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb. Clinton L. Cobb,
; Co' "
en
MorreH, ^yer:
Mcrenr, Willi.ira HvJooyo, Israel .1
O'Neill, Packard, I'acker. Paine, K.uuer, in
PM-md, Poraeroy, Pr^e?. ^ iwyer,
Saank-s -loha ^nto, J. Mima.
\V.<rtViTS!_':.'n <" vViil'.uu Mark-
weather, Stevens, Stevengon, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strong, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twicheli, Ty~
nor, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, >\rinans, and Witcher—-110,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bec.k,
Biggs, Bird, Brooks, Burr, Cleveland, Crebs, Dick-
inson, Eldridge.Gretz, Golladav.Griswold, Haldeman,
ilolman, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
Mayham, MeNeely, Niblack, Reeves, Sloeum, Stone,
Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Aukec, Van Trump,
Voorhees. Wells, Winchester, and Woodward—3(5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bailey,
Benjamin, (Jalkin, Cowles, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Dyer, Fisher,Fox, Garfield,Grilfilian,Greene,
Ilaight, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hoag, Hoteh-
kis-s, Jenckes, Johnson, Lynch, McCormiek, Bhakim
H. Moore. Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Negley, Orth, Peters,
Potter, Randall, Reading, Rice, Rogers, Sanford,
Schenek, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strickland,
Talfe, Van Horn, William B. Washburn, Whittc-
more, Eugene M.Wilson, and Wood—55.
So (two thirds voting m favor thereof) the
rales were suspended and the Senate amend-
ments were taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
now to suspend the rules in order to concur
in the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section one strike out "registered" before
"voters/' and insert after the word "State" the
words "registered at the date of said submission;5*
so as to make the section read as follows: 44 that the
President of the XJni ted States, at such time as he may
deem best for thepublic interest, may submit the con-
stitution which was framed by the convention which
met in Richmond, Virginia, on Tuesday, the 3d day
ot December, 1867, to the voters of said State at the
date of said submission for ratification or rejection;
and may also submit to a separate vote such provis-
ions of suid constitution as he may deem best."
In section two, insert after the word "revised
the word " enlarged;" insert after the word " elec-
tion*' the words " according to law;" strike out at
the end of the section the words** olection ordinance
adopted by the convention which framed said con-
stitution," and insert in heu thereof ' acts of Con-
gress eouiQiouly called the icconstruction acts;' so
that the section will read as follows: "that at tue
same election the voters of said State may vote tor
and elect members of the General Assembly ol said
State, and all the officers of said State provided for
by the said constitution, and for members of Con-
gress; and the officer commanding the district of
Virginia shall cause the lists of registered voters of
said State to bo revised, enlarged, and corrected
prior to such election according to law, and for that
purpose may appoint such registrars as he may deem
necessary. And said elections shall be held and re-
turns thereof made in the manner provided by the
acts of Congress commonly called the reconstruction
acts "
x In section five strike out after 44States" the word
"respectively." , . , .
Strike out all of section six, and insert in. lieu
thereof the following:
sec. —. Anc? be it further enacted, That before trie
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas shall be
admitted to representation in Congress their several
Legislatures which may be hereafter lawfully organ-
ized shall ratify the fifteenth article which has been
proposed bv Congress to the several States as an
, amendment to the Constitution of the United btates.
sec.—, jlnrf be it farther enacted That the y.ro-
' ceedinssin anv one ot said States shall not be deemed
' final or operative as a complete restoration therept
until their action, respeah eiy, shaLl be approved by
j Congress.
j The SPEAKER. The question is on the
i motion to suspend the rules.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will that have the effect
: to pass the amendments?
The SPEAKER. It will.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand a separate vote
' on each amendment.
I The SPEAKER. If the rales be suspended
1 the gentleman cannot do that.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the House
i do now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. We do not wish to obstruct.
! the passage of the bill, but merely a separate
i vote on the amendments.
I The House divided : and there were—ayes
' 8G. noes 83.
j Jlr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas •usd
: nays.
! Mr. MAYNAKD. This is the last day of
j the session, and I make the point tiiat- it is not
:i in order to move to adjourn now.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
aiwavs in order. .
Mr. MAYNARD. Then tms is a gen oral
,i adjournment.
j The SPEAKER. I ne two Houses agreed
