1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
During the roll-call,
Mr. COBURN slated that he was paired
npon this question with Mr. Rice, who would
have voted "ay," while he (Mr. Coburn)
would have voted "no."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
tider be laid on the table.
The latter motion waa agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD (at ten o'clock and fifty-
five minutes, p. m.) moved that the House
take a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
42, noes 01.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mayxard
and Mr. Suiienck were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 08, noes 60.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PAINE called for the yeas and nays on
the motion for a recess.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is
taken, the Chair begs leave to make a state-
ment to the House. It is not the purpose of
the Chair to influence the vote of the House,
but in the performance of his duty to facilitate
the business of the House he considers it
proper to make a statement in regard to the
effect of this motion if it prevails.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the gentleman has the right to object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think I have.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the objection. Should the House
now take a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow
morning it will put it beyond the power of
the House, because of the difficulty of engross-
ment and enrollment, to dispose of all the
business now pending between the two Houses.
It is the duty of the Chair to make this state-
ment to the House.
The question was then taken on the motion
for a recess; and it was decided ia the nega-
tive—yeas 49, nays 9-1, not voting 58; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beamari, Beck,
Bigg?, Bird, Brooks, Rufiinton, Burr. Cleveland,
Auiasa Cobb, Crebs, Cullom, Dickm>on, Eldridge,
Ferriss, Fmkelnburg, Get/., Golladay, Grtswold. Hal-
deman, Ilamill, Hoar, Holman, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott. ^Marshall, Maynard, ; 1 y, Xihlaek,
Orth, Potter, Reeves, Sehuuiakcr, Scoaeld, William
J. Smith Stokes, Sivann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Auken. Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Willard, Eu-
gene M. Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aliicon, Ambler, Armstrong, As-
ner. Axtell. Banks,Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Boyd. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Giarke, Clinton
L. Cobb, Conger, Davis, Devveege. Dixon, Dockery,
Ela, Farnswortb, Ferry, 'Fitch, Garfield. Gilfillan,
Greene, Hale. Hawley, Hay, lleaton, Hill, Hoge,
Hooper, Hotchkisb, Ingerboll, Jenckes, Alexander XI.
Jonex, Judd. Julian, Ivnapp.Laflin.Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Louglnidge, McCarthy, McCrary, Mereur,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Neglcy,
O'Xull, Packard, Packer. Paine, Phelps, Poland,
Poraoioy. Prosser, Root.-, Sargent, Schenck, Shanks,
Slociun, John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Steven*, Stevenson, Sfcoughton, T.'tVe, Tan-
ner. Tillman, Towns-end, Twit-hell, Tyner, _Li>son,
Van Horn. Ward, William B. Washburn, Weiker,
Wheeler, Whittemore, Williams, John X. Wilson,
Winans, and Witch':!' 94.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amea.Arnell.Bailey.Ben-
iamin, Bennett, Bowen, Calkin, Coburn, Cook,
Cuwies, Dawes. Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Fi.-.ber,
F ix. llaight, Hamblcton,Hamilton. Hawkins, Hoag,
H. i|)kins, J h lison.ICelley, Kellogg. Kelscy.Ketcham.
L\neh, Mivham, McConniek, McGrew, liliakim H.
Moore, Jes^e II. Mooie, Moigan, Samuel P. Merrill,
Morrissev, Munson. Palmer, Peters. R mdail, Read-
ing. Rice, Rogers, San ford, Sawyer, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, \\ orthmgton
C. Smith. Stiles. Stone, Strader, Strickland, strong,
C;itt \raluder C. W usliburn, W ilkmson. aud ood—oS.
So the motion was not agreed to.
.MK>SA(iK I'RUM TIIK SliXATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Gorham,
it.s Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the Ilouse was requested, a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 6) for the protection of the
interest of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses.
ORDER of business.
The SPEAKER. The House will now re-
sume the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The House suspended the
rules in order to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table. The Chair cannot entertain
a question of privilege until that order shall
have been executed, or the House by a direct
vote shall dispense with the further execution
of the order.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the further exe-
cution of that order be now suspended.
The motion was not agreed to.
judge advocates of the army.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 124, to declare and fix the status of
judge advocates of the Army.
The amendments of the Senate were to
strike out '• department" and insert "num-
ber;" to strikeout "ten members" and insert
" eightso as to provide that the number of
judge advocates of the Army shall be fixed at
eight, &c.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 65, noes 38.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
portage lake ship-canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 61) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to extend the time for the completion of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal
to the 3d day of March, 1871.
Mr. JULIAN. I think there is no objection
to this joint resolution, and I shall not move
its reference to acoounittee. I yield the floor
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,]
that he may make whatever motion he deems ;
proper. j
Mr. BLAIR. I move the previous question. I
The previous question was seconded and the I
main question ordered; and under the opera- j
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered [
to a third reading, read the third time, and |
passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
port of delivery at san diego.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. No. 59) making San j
Diego, California, a port of delivery ; which j
was read a first and second time. i
The joint resolution was read. It proposes j
to create San Diego, in California, a port of I
delivery in the customs collection district of jj
San Francisco, and provides that the deputy jj
collector at that port shall receivejhe same ;j
salary as other deputy collectors of the district, m
Mr. SARGENT. San Diego is within twelve ji
miles of the Meximn boundary Hue and over !
five hundred miles from San Francisco. There ij
are four steamers per month and many other
vessels which stop at this port. The place is :
rapidly growing. There is only an injector ]
at the port now. When a vessel auives, beimc
cargo can be landed a delay of twelve or lit'- r
teen days is requisite to get a permit from San
Francisco. Of course this discourage?- legiti-
mate Louuut'iie auo promotes smuggling. I
send to the Clerk's desk a communication of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
The bill proposes to eoitstitute San T)ifv*o, in the
collection district of San Francisco, California, a
port of delivery in said district, with a deputy col-
lector to residethereat. San Diego was constituted a
collection district in 1850; but in 1852 the district was
abolished, and San Diego was attached to tho col-
lection district of San Francisco with an inspector.
Since that time the port has become quite a resort
for vessels, and is rapidly increasing m population
and commercial importance. At present, when a
vessel arrives at that port, the inspector has to send
to San Francisco for a permit to unload, which greatly
delays business and causes embarrassment. It is
therefore very desirable that San Diego should be
established a port of delivery as proposed m said
bill.
I am, very respectfully,
GEORGE S. B0UTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman Conmiittre on Com-
merce, United States Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LITTLE ROCK AND FORT SMITH RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 206) to extend the time
for the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad
Company to complete the first section of twenty
miles of said road; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It proposes to so amend
an act, approved July 28, ISfifi, entitled "An
act, to revive and extend the provisions of an
act granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Arkansas and
Missouri, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from a point upon the Mississippi river,
opposite the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little
Rock, to the Texas boundary near Fulton, in
Arkansas, with branches to Fort Smith and
the Mississippi river," approved February 9,
18-53, and for other purposes, as to extend the
time to the Little Rock and Fort Smith Rail-
road Company for building the first section of
twenty miles provided for in the second section
of that act for the term of three years from the
13th of May, 18G7, the time of filing the cer-
tificate of organization to the company pro-
vided for in the third section of that act.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the hill the following:
Provided, That tbelands granted by the actliereby
revived shall be joid to actual settlers only, in quan-
tities nor greater than one quarter section to one
purchaser, and for a price not exceeding $2 50 per
acre.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. ROOTS. I am informed two hundred
men are now working on this railroad. The
land grant expires before another session unless
now revived ; and under the circumstances a
failure to revive would be a wrong, an 
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not yield for dis-
cussion.
On the motion of Mr. Holmax there were—
aves 42. noes 02.
" Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—■
ayes 21. noes 7-1.
So t one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays ueto ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas -10, nays 78, not voting
, (so : as fallows :
YEAS—rs. RmgiiaM, P,inl. T!u I'm'on. Eur-
d^tt, Cb-veSand, Ama--a Cohk Di'.i-. I'u-kinson,
' Dixon, Ela, tiJndgo.^Gctz, Ctdtilt in. G:i.-w >U, lial-
1 deman. Ilamill, Lla> ,Ketsc> , K<.rr, Ketekaul, Ivna\-p,
