702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Laflin, La^b. Lawrence, jMayham, JossoH. Moore,
Niblaek, Orth, backer, Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter,
Reeves, Seofield, John A. Smith. Stephens, Swann,
Van Auken, Van Trump, and Witcher—40.
STAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Asper^ Bunks, Beck, Benton, Blair, Boles, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke,
Cobilrn.Conger, Crebs. Dawes, Duval. Ferri&s. Fitch,
&&rfjelcU Golladay, Greene, Hale, Hoge, Hooper,
Hopkins, Ingersoll, Jeaokcd, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Knott, Logan, Lougiiridge, Marsha,H, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, MeCrary, McNeely, Mercur,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, Paine, Poland,
Prpssep, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck. Shanks,
SJopum, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strader, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Tctwnsend,
Twichell, Van Horn, Walker, Weils, Wheeler,
.Whittemore, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winans, and Winchester—78.
NOT VOTING-~-Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Beaman.Beatty, Benjamin. Bennett,
Biggs, Bowen, Boyd, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Calkm^Clinton li. Cobb, Gook, Cowles, Cullom, De-
weese. Dickey, Doclcery, Donley, Dyer, Farnswortli,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fox, llaisht, Hamble-
ion," Hamilton, Hawkins, J/awley, Heaton, Hill,
Hoag, Hoar, liolman, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Alexan-
der II. Jones, Kelley. Kellogsr, Lynch. Maynard,
MeGrew, JSliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Mor-
gan, Samuel P.Morrill, Morrisaey,Mungen, O'Neill.
Packard. Palmer, Peters, Randall, Reading, Rice,
Rogers, Sanford, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stone, Strickland, Sweeney, Trimble. Tyner, Upson,
Voorhees, Ward. Cadwalader C.Washburn,William
B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,Wood,
and Woodward—83.
So the House refused to refer the bill and
amendment to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I offer the following as an
additional section to the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted, That the Memphis, Ei
Paso, and Pacific Railroad Company, incorporated
under the l%ws of Texas prior to the year 1861, for
purpose of constructing and operating a railroad
irom Jefferson, Texas, to Moore's landing on the
Sulphur fork of Red river; thence through or near
OUiksville, Paris, and Phantom hills to the Rio
Crrando nvor, opposito or near the town of El Paso,
mthcrcpublicof Mcxico, bo, and the same is hereby,
granted the right of way for the purpose of extend-
ing ami operating its line o.f railroad westwardly
|i;oui the oast bank of the lt\o Grande river through
tho Territories of Now Mexico and Arizona to or
near i?ort xurna; and thence through the public
lands m th© State of California to or near San Diego
harbor, Said company, in locating its road, shall
go oy suchdirect route as in the opinion of said com-
pany shall be the most practicable; and such com-
pany in constructing its road over the public land,
as well as private lands, and in building its bridges
over rivers and water-courses from the east bank of
the Rio Grande river, shall, in all respects, be con-
trolled and governed by so much of section two of
an act of Congress, approved July 1, 18t>2. for the
oidmg m the construction of a railroad from the
Missouri nvor to thfe Pacific ocean, and by sections
three and nrae of an act amendatory to said act,
approved July.2,1864, oxcept that as to private prop-
erty in the State of California it shall be governed
by the laws of such Stato: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to grant to said
company any subsidy or lands other than the right
of way above provided for; and that the ground for
stations, buildings, workshops, depots, machino-
eliops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water
stations, shall .not exceed forty acres at any one
place: Andprovided further, That the said company
shall complete tho construction of at leastfifty miles
J.tSir{VK *'f0!n Jefferson, Texas, within one year,
and shall in each succeeding year construct in a
continuous line fifty miles at least of said road, and
a failure to comply with this condition shall forfeit
so much of said right of way as is not occupied by
the completed road of said company, and shall fully
complete and equip their whole line of road within
ten years from the approval of this act: And pro-
voted further, That said company shall, within two
years, build, a branch road from Marshall, Texas, in
as direct a lino westerly as practicable, to connect
with the tnam line of its road at or near the twen-
tieth meridian west longitude; and Congress may at
any time, haying due regard for the lights of said
company, add to, alter, or amend this act: And he it
J-ttrmtr-promded, That said road is hereby declared
to be a military and post road.
Air. LOG AN. I rise to a question of order,
that this amendment is not germane to the
pending bill. Ihe bill is to revive a certain
laud grant and to extend the time, while the
amendment is another charter for a Pacific
railroad, authorizing the building ot' bridges,
granting the right of way, and everything else
of the sort. I have been in favor of the pend-
ing Arkansas bill, but I do not wish it to be
made to carry this Pacific railroad bill. I do
not think the amendment is iu order. j
The SPEAKER. The Ohair sustains the i
point of order for two reasons. It is expressly i
prohibited by the rule that wh«re ;t land grant I
is under consideration another grant to a dif-
ferent company shall be entertained. This is
not a specific land grant, but it does give away
the public land of the United States so far as
to give the right of way. Again, by tho rules
no proposition upon a subject different from
that under consideration can be admitted under
color of amendment.
Mr. ROOTS. 1 move the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I have the floor. I have
submitted an amendment providing that the
lands shall be sold only to actual settlers at a
price not exceeding a fixed maximum. It is a
priuciple which we have previously adopted in
several instances.
The SPEAKER. The previous questioa-will
apply to that, and it, will be the first question.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendment.
_Mr. HOLMAN (at eleven o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) moved that the House take a
recess till ten o'clock to-morrow.
The question being put, there were—ayes 43,
noes G5.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Holman and Benton'.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 66, noes 62.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order to state that there is a large disability
bill on the table that will be reached in a few
minutes?
Mr. NIBLACK. We can extend the time
to-morrow.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 6G, nays 75, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Beck, Bisigs,
Bird, Brooks, Buffinton, Burr, Cleveland, Cullom,
I)awes, Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery, Duval, Eldridge,
I<erriss, Finkelnburg, Getz, Golladay, Oris wold,
Haldeman, Haraill, Hay, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Lynch,
Marshall, Mayhain, Maynard, MeCrary, McGrew.
McNeely, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Poland, Potter, Reeves, Seofield, Shanks, Porter
feheldon, Stevens, Swann, Sweeney, Tafie, Trimble,
Tyner, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Wheeler, W'illard. Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, and Witcher—06.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Amos, Archer, Arm-
strong, Asper, Ax tell, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair. Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Burdett, Benjamin
1. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Church-
ill, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Conger, Crebs, Donley,
Lla, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale,
llawley, Heaton, Hoar, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, ICelley, Kellogg,
Keteham, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
McCarthy, McCormick, Mercur, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Paine,.Pomeroy, Prosser,
Sargent, Schenck, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Tan-
ner, Xjllman, Townsend,, Twichell, Upson, Van
Horn. Ward, Welker, Whittemore, JohnT. Wilson,
and Winans—75.
NOT VOING—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bennett, Calkin, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Cook, CowJes,Davis, Dfiweese. Dickey, Dyer, Fisher,
Fitub, Fox, Greene, Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hill, Hoag, Ingcrsoll, Johnson, Knapp,
Ltiakim IT. Moore, Jesso JdL. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Peters, Phelps, Randall, Reading, Rice, Rogers,
Roots, Sanford, Sawyer,-Schuinaker,Lionel A. Shel-
don,Siocum, Joseph S. Smith, William J.Smith,
William Symth, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader,
Strickland. Strong, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Wood, and Wood-
ward— 60.
So the House refused to take a recess.
The previous question was then seconded—
ayes 74, noes 38; and the main question ordered.
The question recurred first 011 the amendment
of Mr. Julian.
Mr. ROOTS. I will say that I have no
especial objection to the amendment, but I do
not want it put on this time of night. [Laugh-
ter.] Just now within a few hours of the end
of the session an amendment sending it back
to the Senate will so jeopardize the final enact-
ment of the resolution that I do hope my friends
will vote down any amendment.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 53, noes 55.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. HOLMAN (at twelve o'clock and ten
minutes a. 111.) moved that the House take a
recess till ten o'clock this morning.
Mr. ROOTS. This is shameful filibustering
against a-—
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question being put, there were—ayes 56.
noes 62.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand tellers.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 124) to declare and fix
the status of judge advocates of the Army;
An act (H. R. No. 405) authorizing the sub-
mission of the constitutions of Virginia, Missis-
sippi, and Texas to a vote of the people, and
authorizing the election of State officers pro-
vided by the said constitutions, and members
of Congress; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 29) for the relief
of Blanton Duncan.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hol-
jian's motion, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 04, nays 71, not voting 66 ; iis fol-
lows :
STEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Brooks, Buffington, Burr, Cleveland^
Dickinson, Dixon, Dookery, Duval, Eldridge, ffarns-
worth,, i'erriss, Einkelnburg, Getz, Solladay, Gris-
wold, Haldeman, Hainill, Hay, Holman, Thomas L.
Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Kiiott, Laflin, L'ash, Lynch,
Marshall, Mayhain, Maynard, MeCrary, Niblack,
Packard, Packer, Poland, Potter, Reeves, Sawyer,
Seofield, Shanks, Siocum, Worthington O. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens. Stone, Swann, Sweeney,
iillman, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, and Witcher—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Asper, Axtei',
Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bowen,
Boyd, Burdett, Benjamin i:1. Butler, itoderick it.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churehilt, Amasa Cobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Davis, Dawes, Don-
ley, Ela, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hawley,
Heaton, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Jenckes,
Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Kelley,Kellogg, Keteham,
Lawrence, Loughridge, McCormick, Mercur, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Meill,
Paine, Pomeroy, Prosser, Hoots, Sargent, Schenck,
John A. Smith, Wiliam J. Smith,Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Tanner, Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, CJpson, Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Whitte-
more, and John T. Wilson—71.
NOT VOTiNG—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bailey,
Beainan, Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Calkin,' Clarke,
Cook, Cowles,Crebs, Cullom, Deweese, Dickey, Dyer,
Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Greene, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Hoag, Hopkins, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Julian, Knapp, Logan, McCarthy, Mc-
Grew, McNeely, Eliakiin H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Orth, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Randall, Reading,
Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Shumaker, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles. Stokes.
Strader, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, Wood, and Woodward—66.
So the House refused to take a recess.
little rock and jf'ort s3iitii railroad.
The question recurred on Mr. Julian's
amendment, on which Mr, Holmau had called
for tellers.
Mr. JULIAN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROOTS. If we can come to a direct
vote 011 the bill I will accept the amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the amendment will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. BURR. Who can accept an amend-
ment to a Senate bill? I desire a vote on the
amendment. I'do not think any member can.
Mr. ROOTS. I do not propose to say that
by my authority the amendment is adopted.
But in order to facilitate the matter and pre-
vent the delay of calling the yeas and nays, I
withdraw my demand for a further count, and
suppose that when I withdraw my objections
none others will be interposed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question again.
The question was again put; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
