1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it wab accordingly read the third
time.
The question was put on the passage of the
bill; aud there were—ayes 79, noes 28.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. J CLIAN moved to reconsider the vote j
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved |
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the j
table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. j
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay aside thebuai- j
ness on the Speaker's table with a view to take
up the contested-election case from the fourth
congressional district of South Carolina.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
12, noes 47 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. P.unr and
Mr. Bixcham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 56, noes 66.
Mr. HOTCHKISS demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to. |j
message from the sexate. [i
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorjiam, '
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 58, for the protection
of soldiers and their heirs.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill No. 140, im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes, approved July 20, 1868.
Mr. ELDKIDGE (at twelve o'clock and
forty minutes a. m.) moved that the House
take a recess until ten o'clock a. m.
The question was taken: and upon a division
there were—ayes 67, noes 63.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then takeu; aud it was
decided in the negative—yeas 68, nays 71, not ;
voting 63: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Archei, Beck, |
Biggs. Bird, Brooks, BufTmton, Burr, Cleveland, i
Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Dickinson, Doekery, Kid- ;
ridgo, Farnsworth, i'erriss, Tmkeln^bur?, Getz, j
Grolladay, Griswold, Ilaldcman, Hale. Hamill, Hay. ;
Holman, Hotchkiss. Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, >
Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, j
Alaynaicl. McCrary, Eiiakim Ii. Moore, Daniel J, i
Mnrr-:>1, Xibltvck, Packard, Packcr. Poland. Potior. ;
Porter thcldon, Sloeura. William J. Sznub, ;
William Smyth, Starkweather, Srone, Strong, Swann.
oweency, Tillman, Towns-end. Trimhle. Tiijfj*. Van
A.uken, Van Trump, \'ooih«jcs, Wells, V*iUaid. ■
"Eugene M. Wibon, Wiumifr, Winchester, and ,
Witch er—63.
NAYrf—jVJc&srfr.Allioon, AmeN Aruistion?, Aspcr, :
Vxtell, Banks, Beutty, Beaton, Bmghain, Blair. :
Bules.Bowen, Boyd, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, !
Roderick R. Butler,Cake, Cessna, Churchill,Clarke, j
AmasaCobb, CiintonL. Cobb. Coburn,Conger, Davis', i
fkonley. Ela. Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan. Ifcaton, Hoag, i
Hoar, Hopkins, Jenckcs, Alexander 13. Jones, Judd, j
Julian, Kelscy, Kctehani, Lawrence, Logan, Lough- .
ridge, MeCormiek. Mereur. William Moore, Myers, j
Neglcy, O'Neill, Paine, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, |
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, tichenck. Scolleld, thanks,
T.iontl A. Sheldon, John V. Smith, Stevenson, t
Tanner, Twieholl. T'n^on, Van Horn, i
Wcikcr. Whittemore. John T. Wilson, aud the
l$'or YOXlXi; -^Ii-rsrr. Arnell, Bailey, Boaman, '
"H.-nj-mfm, Bennett, Calkin. t'onk. Cowles Itewoese, :
Dickey, Dixon, Duval. Dyer, Kerry, Fisher, I'ox, :
Gi-eene, ilai.^ht. Ilamblctou, Hamilton, Hawkins, ;
ti.iwliv, Hill, Ho?e, Iloopcr, Inser^oII, Johnson, 1
IC.'Hov", Knaop, Lash, McCarthy, MeGrew.Mc'N'cely, ,
If. Moore, mokje, Samuel 1'. Morrill, Morris- j
>ev, .Mumrcn, Orth, Palmer, Peters, Itandall. Read-
■ Reeves, Riee, Stanford, ^chutnaker, Joseph N |
Worthinston C. ,^initb, Stevens, Stiles, ;
•lot Strodcr.Strickland,Tatt'e,Ward. Cadwalader |
< \\ ^hbnrn.WilliamB. Washburn, Wheeler,Wilk- .
M iiIi;mm\i ood, and oodward (m.
So the motion for a recess was not agreed to. ; j
I NION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY. I|
The SPEAKER. The House will now jl
lesmne the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table. _ _ ,|
the next, business on the Speaker s table ;i
was the amendment of the Senate to House
i>mt rcsoluiion Xt>. for the proteein-m ot
the interest of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in ; and on
that I call the previous question.
The amendment of the Senate was read. It
was to strike out the preamble and all after
the enacting clause of the joint resolution and
to insert in lieu thereof a substitute, the first
section of which provides that the stockholders
of the Union Pacific Railway Company, at a
meeting to be held on April 22, 1863, at the i
city of Boston, with power to adjourn from ;
day to day, shall elect a board of directors for |
the ensuing year ; and said stockholders are 1
authorized to establish their genera! office at :
such place in the United States as they may ;
select at such meeting, provided that the pas-
sage ot this resolution shall not confer any .
other right upon the Union Pacific Railroad j
Company than to hold such election, or be held |
in any manner to relinquish or waive any rights I
of the U nited States to take advantage of any act i
or neglect of said Union Pacific Railroad Com- |
pany heretofore done or omitted whereby the i
rights of the General Governmenthave been or !
may be prejudiced ; and provided further, that '
the common terminus of the Union Pacific |
railroad and the Central Pacific railroad shall ;
beat ornearOgden; and the Union Pacific I
Railroad Company shall build and the Central :
Pacific Railroad Company pay for and own the j
railroad from the aforesaid terminus to Prom- j
ontory summit, at which point the rails shall
meet and continue to form one continuous ;
line.
The second section provides that to ascer- .
tain the condition of the Union Pacific railroad j
and Central Pacific railroad the President of
the United States shall be authorized to appoint ■
a board of eminent citizens, not exceeding five
in number, who shall not be interested in either
road, to examine and report upon the condi-
tion of the road, and what sum or sums, if any, !
will be required to complete each of said roads |
for its entire length to the said terminus as a !
first-class railroad in compliance with the sev-
eral acts relating to said roads: and the ex-
penses of such board, including the allowance 1
of ten dollars to each for their services for j
each day employed in such examination and ,
report, to be paid equally by said companies, j
The third section provides that the President j
shall be authorized and required to withhold i
from each of said companies an amount of |
subsidy bonds authorized to be issued by the t
United States under said acts sufficient to ;
secure the lull completion as a first-class road '
of the sections of such road upon which bonds j
have already been issued, or in lieu of such j
bonds lie may receive as such security an equal
amount of the first mortgage bonds of such
company. And if it shall appear to the Presi- :
dent that the amount of subsidy bonds yet to |
be issued to either of the companies is insufii- j
cient to insure the full completion of such road, j
he is authorized to make requisition on such
companies for a sufficient amount of bonds -
already issued to the companies, or in his dis- !
cretion of their first mortgage bonds, to secure ;
the full completion of the same : and in default 1
of obtaining such security as is provided for in
this section, he may authorize and direct the
Attorney General to institute such suits and
. proceedings ou behalf and in the name of the
1 United States in any court of the United States
having jurisdiction as shall be necessary^ or
proper to compel the giving ot snch security,
and thereby and in any manner otherwise to
protect the interests of the United States^ in
j the road, and to iusure the lull completion
thereof as a first-class road as required by law. i
The fourth section authorizes and directs
the Attorney General of the !. nited States to
investigate whether or not the charter and all 1
the franchises of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company have not been forfeited, and to insti-
tute all necessary and proper legal proeeed-
inp-1. and to investigate whe.thnv ,->r not
the companies have or have not made any
illegal dividends upon their stock; and if so
to institute the necessary proceedings to have
the same reimbursed, and also to investigate
whether any of the .directors or any other
agents or employes of the companies have or
have not violated any penal law; and if so,
to institute the proper criminal proceedings
against all persons who have violated such
laws.
The Senate also proposed to amend the title
of the jointresolution so as to read: " Joint res-
olution for the protection of the interests of
the United States in the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, and for other purposes."
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio £Mr. Bixgha.m] will deign to give
us some explanation of this matter. This is
certainly a very important measure; and to
pass it through here at this time and under the
operation of the previous question would be,
in my view, very hasty and ill-considered legis-
lation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to call the pre-
vious question; but before doing so I desire
to say to the House that any one who con-
siders the proceedings which have recently
taken place, and of which wo have notice
through the public press, must know that unless
this bill be passed now the interests of the
American people to the extent of $25,000,000,
invested in these roads, will before next De-
cember be substantially sacrificed by reason
of the intervention of State tribunals which,
if they had had any decent regard for the rights
of the American people, would not have in-
terfered as they have. This bill settles that
controversy. I call the previous question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. If my colleague will
withhold the demand for a moment I would
like to ask him one question. Where is all the
immense fraud that he charged the other day
against the Central Pacific railroad ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have only this to say,
that I charged nothing, and my colleague
ought to have known better than to raise any
such question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Does not your resolu-
tion charge fraud on the part of that company ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I say it does.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I say it does not.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I charge that this
whole matter was secretly compromised be-
tween these two roads this very day while the
committee was in session upon the question of
investigation, about which I will have some-
thing to say at the December session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, (at one o'clock and
fifteen minutes a. m.) 1 move that the House
take a recess till ten o'clock a. m., and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 78, not voting
7-5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Burr.Clcveland, Crebs, Davis, Dickinson, Duval, Ela,
Eldridge, Ferriss, tfoiladay, GtimvoM. Haldema,n,
Hawley, Hay, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lafiin,
Marshall, Mayham, McCoruiick, McCrary, Myers,
Niblack, Packard, Poland, Potter, Porter Shel-
don, William ,T. Smith, Stone, Strickland, Sw.imi,
Sweeney, Tanner, Ttlln^ao, Trimble, \ an Auken,
Van Trump, Wells, Wiilurd, Winchester, Vv itclier,
and Woodward—i~\
WAYS"~,Y!e-'-T.'.Allison. AmMcr, Ames, Armstrong.
Asper, Axtcll. Banks.Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton, Buixlett, Benjamin i . But-
ler, Cake, "Cessna, Ciiurchill. Clarke, AmasaCobb,
Clinton L. Co^b, Coburn, Conger, Dawes, Donley.
.Fi:rry. Tmkelnburg. lfitch, liarlield, Gotz, Hoar,
lioge, Hopkins, llotchki.-s, Jenckes, Alexander it.
.Tones, Judd, Ivcll^s, Ivelsey, Kctcham, Iin.ipi1.
Lawrence. Lone-hrid^o, Lynch, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Lesley, O'Neill, Packer, 1 aine,
Palmer, Phelps. Pomeroy, Prosscr, Iloots, bantum
Sargent, Sawyei. Schenck. SeoHeld, Lionel A. !?oe! -
doif, Sloeum, John A. Smith, V, orthmgton C.
Srniih. Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton, L<>wn-
send. Pnichell, Tyner, Upson, \ an Horn, \ oorhoes,
Ward. Welker. John T. llson ana Winans—,S.
M)T VOTLYtt—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Beaman,
Beitty Benjamin, Bennett, Brooks, Roderick It.
iiutler,' Calkin. Cook, Cowle*, Cullom, Deweese,
TJn-kev Pixun. Ooekerv. Dver, i armworth, tnsner.
1 Vox Wilfili.,0. <}rc n , Husrht, W !e, Fftmbleton.
