m
THE CONG-RESSION AL GLOBE.
April 9,
Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins Heaton, Hill. Hoas,
Holman. Hooper. Ingereol!, Johnson, Julian, Kelloy,
Lasli, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy. MoGrew, Me-
Neely, Mereur.'Eiiakim II; Moore, Jepse H. Moore,
Moreitn. Samuel P.Morrill, Morrissey, Muugen.Orth,
Peters, Randall, Heading, Beeves, Rice, Kogers,
Sctratnaker, Shanks, Joseph S. Smith, "William
Smyth. Stevenson, btiles, Stokes, Strader. Strong,
Taffe, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Willian B. Wash-
bum, Wheeler, .Whittemore, Wilkinson, Williams,
Bugfcne M. Wilson, and Wo-od—75.
So the House refused to take a recess.
' Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the" previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main,question ordered.
Mtr ;WELLS (at twenty minutes past one
o'clock a. m.) moved that the House take a
recess until ten o'clock a. m.
Thq motion was disagreed to.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mj, BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vp££ -i>y, which the Senate amendment was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
- Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
take, a recess until ten o'clock.
- Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to state that ia a
few minutes—the bill now undergoing the pro-
cess of enrollment—I shall be ready to make
a report on the whisky and tobacco bill, and
then we can take a recess until half past ten
o'clock.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was,Senate])ill No. 94, taamend an act entitled
''An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion, af a railroad and telegraph line from .the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon," approved July 25, 1860;
which was taken up and read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It provides that section
six of an act entitled " An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a raiiroad and tele-
graph line from the Central Pacific railroad, in
California, to Portland, in Oregon," approved
J.uly 25, 1866, shall be amended so as to allow
any railroad company heretofore designated by
th£ Legislature of the State of Oregon, in ac-
cordance with the first section of said act, to
file its assent to such an act in the Department
of the Interior within one year from the date
of the passage of this act; and such filing of
its assent, if done within one year from the
passage hereof, shall have the same force and
effect to all intents and purposes as if such
assent had been filed within one year after
passage of the said act, provided that noth-
ing herein shall impair any right heretofore
acquired'by any railroad company under said
act; nor shall said act or this amendment be
construed to entitle more than one company
t.o a grant of land.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, that bill in-
volves a controversy between two rival railroad
corporations, and without the legislation pro-
prosed by the bill the grant of lands will lapse.
I have no special objection to that lapse,
although I have not seen any valid objection
to the bill.' I know of no reason why the bill
slsould not pass; but under the circumstances,
there being a controversy respecting it, I will
yield to the gentlemen who represent the two
sides to._that controversy three minutes each
to explain it. J -will yield first to the gentle-
man from Nevada, who represents one wing.
After these statements of the matter are sub-
mitted I will allow a motion to refer the bill to
be made, and the House may do as it sees fit.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman from Indiana
has alluded to the fact that there is a contro-
versy between two companies,' each claiming
the right to build a road under this grant. I
will move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, where it properly
belongs, and where, under the usage of the
House, it should go. I can find good reasons
why in some cases bills should be taken from
the Speaker's table and passed—as was the
case in the Arkansas railroad grant we renewed
to-night—while there is no controversy; but
where there is controversy the bill should be
referred to the committee to which it properly
belongs for investigation.
I shall not attempt in the three minutes al-
lowed me to enter upon the history or the merits
of the controversy between the companies who
claim the right to build the road under this
grant now proposed to be extended.- I will
simply say that there is a controversy, -and if
the House shall vote not to refer the bill I shaU
ask to be permitted to state the merits of that*"
controversy as I understand them.
Mr. SAliGENT. . Mr. Speaker, I think I
can state in three minutes the facts in regard
to this bill. The first is, that it does not at-
tempt to decide between any companies what-
ever. That is remitted to the courts.
In July 1806, Congress passed a bill granting
lands for a railroad running from the Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, Oregon,
providing that the Legislature of Oregon should
designate the company which should enjoy the
grant. At that time there was no company in
existence. By the laws of Oregon three or
more persons may form a corporation by exe-
cuting articles of incorporation, before a notary
or other officer qualified to acknowledge the
execution thereof, in triplicate. One is filed in
the office of the secretary of State, one in the
clerk's office, and one is retained by the com-
pany. Eight gentlemen so executed articles
of incorporation immediately after the passage
of the bill, took them to a notary named Gas-
ton, who agreed to affix the acknowledgments
and file them in the proper offices. The gen-
tlemen supposed it was done. They want to
the Legislature presuming that it had been
done. The notary went himself to the Legis-
lature and said it was done. The Legislature
took action §.s if it had been done, and passed
an act designating the company as the bene-
ficiary of the grant. But it subsequently ap-
peared that the papers were not filed. The
notary, instead of performing his agreement,
took advantage of the confidence reposed in
him. He signed his own name to the papers
as an incorporator and got ten other men to
sign as corporators, and then filed the bogus
papers four days after the act had passed the
Legislature designating the company as the re-
cipients of the grant. Of course, as no com-
pany was in esse, the act of designation was
void. When the fraud was discovered the
original parties again organized and this time
saw that their papers were duly filed.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know which
beats if we pass this bill?
Mr. SARGENT. Neither. The bill says
expressly that no right shall be decided by it.
That is left to the courts of Oregon.
Mr. MAYNARD. Which side wants it?
Mr. SARGENT. I wish not to be inter-
rupted, as I have but three minutes. The
original eight gentlemen, having again executed
incorporation papers and filed them, appealed
to the Legislature, which went into a careful
examination of the matter. It spent two days
in the examination, and as a result rescinded
the old law designating the fraudulent com-
pany and designated the new company as the
one to receive it. But two years had passed
before the Legislature could be thus appealed
to, for its sessions are biennial. Meanwhile the
time, one year, fixed by Congress to tile accept-
ance of the grant by the company had elapsed.
Now, this company, so far defeated by these
frauds, come here and ask you to extend the
time so that they can give their assent to the
act and then allow the matter to come before
the courts and be decided between them and
their antagonists. If there is any gentleman
who can stand here in the face of this-House
and say that that is not just and equitable, I
want to see that man.
Mr. LOGAN. What if the old company
should gain the case ?
Mr. SARGENT. Then the other will have
to submit to the judicial decision. But they
cannot take the -question before the coarts
unless they have the relief-afforded by this bill.
The legitimate company has no standing iu
court at all. They cannot file their assent
to the grant, and without it cannot claim it.
They rely on the justice of Congress. They
are prosecuting their work relying on us to do
right. I'or one, while I have a place on this
floor, I will strike down such frauds as are
unmasked ia this case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULIAN. I have carried out my agree-
ment. The vote will first be on the motion to
refer; failing in that I shall move to amend the
bill.. I demand the previous question.
The question being put on the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands, there were—ayes 51, noes 53.
Mr. PITCH. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused—ayes thirteen.
.Mr. PITCH. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused—ayes 16,,
noes 68.
So the motion to refer was disagreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend the.bill
by adding the following proviso :
And provided further, That tho lands granted by
the act aforesaid shall bo sold to actual settlers only
in quantities not greater than one quarter section to
one purchaser, and for a price not exceeding $2 50
per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the billon
the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PITCH. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I will hear it.
Mr. PITCH. I move to add the following
proviso:
And -provided further, That at least ono hundred
miles of such railroad shall be completed within ono
year after the passage of this act.
Mr. JULIAN. That is unusual, and if we
pass the bill it should not be loaded down with
such a proviso. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under' the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be read a third time; aud it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion.to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUILDING FOR STATE DEPARTMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. -No. 62) in relation to
a site for a building for the State Department;
which was read a first and second time, and, on
motion of Mr. Maynard, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
REMOVAL 01' DISABILITIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill of the Senate No. 259, to remove polit-
ical disabilities from certain persons ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I will call the pre-
vious question on the bill after saying a few
words.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill contains at least
a thousand names, and to pass such a bill in
this style here at this hour of the night without
examination is simply an outrage.
TAXES ON WHISKY AND TOBACCO.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present a report from a committee of
conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tile bill (H. R. JSro. 1-10)
to amend an act entitled " An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and tor other pur-
poses/' approved July 20,1868, having met, after full
and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to thoirrespeefcive Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 3, 4,5, 6, 7,
9, and 10, uu<l agree to the same. ^ .
That the Sfenato recede from their amendments
numbered-11,12, and li>.
