1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10?
taxes to men who have been guilty of perpe-
trating frauds on the Government? I for one
am not ready to believe that he is going to put
Ins hand into the Treasury and take out money
belonging to the people and pay it to illicit
manu lacturerH of tobacco.
Mr. BUT LB 11, of Massachusetts. I do not
think lie is going to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to submit a very
few remarks, and then I shall ask a vote of
the House ; but before doing so I will yield to
my colleague on the committee of conference,
[Mr Marshall.]
Mr. MAK.SHALTj. Mr. Speaker, as I was
a member of the committee of conference, and
as my name is attached to this report, I pro-
pose to submit a remark or two in regard
to it.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, you are all right.
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague remarks
that £ am all right, as I was for this provision
originally. I have always believed that this
extension asked for at this tim  ought to be
granted. There seems to be a disposition on
the part of some members of this House, when-
ever a question comes up in regard to whisky,
to take it for granted, or at least to insinuate,
that all who have anything to do with legisla-
tion io regard to it are governed by some self-
ish or intere>ted motive. For myself. I do not
know any of these men who have whisky in
bond or any of their agents. I have never seen
any of them. But 1 do know that the manu-
facture of whisky in our country is one of the
most important that we have, and that a large
part of our revenue is derived therefrom, and
that honest manufacturers, those who pay their
taxes honestly, are as much entitled to fair
dealing at the hands of this Congress and to
the sympathies of those who legislate for the
people of this country as any other portion of
the manufacturing and industrial interests of
the country. Whisky rings and whisky thieves
ought to be put down everywhere, and every
guard ought to be thrown around the business
by legislation to protect the Government and
insure the due collection of the revenue. But
when men who are honest manufacturers, and
many of them poor men who would be embar-
rassed by having to [>ay at once the heavy tax
imposed on them, have their whisky in bond, I
am not in favor of a movement which would
enable the large capitalists of the country to
purchase the whisky at a sacrifice and bring
ruin to the producers.
These men are honestly attempting to pay
the taxes imposed on them, and they only ask
a little delay, and they are willing to pay a large
interest for it. if they were men of capital
and wealth they would not be willing to pay
the twenty four per cent, per annum charged
against them by the Government under the
provisions of the bill as now reported to the
House. I have friends around me represent-
ing large whisky-manufacturing districts.^ I do
not. My friend from the Lexington district of
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and other gentlemen
from Kentucky, and oueortwoofmy colleagues
from Illinois, represent districts in which the
manufacture of whisky is one of the greatest
importance to the entire community, and I
shall not engage with any gentleman in making
war upon these citizens becauS6 it seems £Ui
easv matter to raise a prejudice agamst them.
Air. LOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
how many farmers come here and ask that the
time shall be extended in which they are to
pay their taxes, and how many times we grant
s icli extension '?
Mr. MARSHALL. The question of ray
coiie.igue does not suggest any answer to the
remariis I am making. There is no analogy
whatever in the two cases. Many manufac-
turers of whisky are poor men and are them-
selves fanners. I'histax is of a peculiar char-
acter. l lie tax levied by the Government
exceeds two hundred per cent, on the original
Co?,! of the article. The Government seizes
'mid holds tile property until the tax ispaid, and
threatens to confiscate K if the tax is not paid
within a specified time. A man who makes
$10,000 of whisky must pav $20,000 tax there-
on before he is permitted to take control of
it and put it on the market. To force prompt
or immediate payment would often bring utter
ruin to many of those citizens who are brnig-
iug the largest revenues to the Government.
It would, in fact, be killing the goose that lays
the golden egg. i have no synipathy whatever,
and no one who knows me will accuse me of it,
with any whisky ring or with those who may be
engaged in defrauding the Government.
Mr. DAWES. Is there anything dishonest
or unfair in requiring men to take tlieir whisky
out of bond according to the law of the land?
Mr. MARSHALL. Ttiere is no unfairness
in it, sir; nor do I see any unfairness or im-
propriety or injustice in granting the extension
proposed by the bill now before the House.
Where is the wrong, where the fraud, where
the danger to the Government?
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that whether there is fraud in it or not, it is
granting an advantage to this branch of industry
that you do not grant to others.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not say that it is
giving any advantage to anybody.
Mr. DAWES. If it is of no advantage to
anybody I do not think it is worth while to
spend time here over the question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have already shown
wherein this tax is peculiar and why I think
this short extension should be granted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MARSHALL. Very well.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that this bill gives these men seventy
days in which to pay this tax. I understood
him also to say that these manufacturers are
paying for that extension of time at the rate
of twenty-four per cent, per annum upon the
taxes which they have to pay.
Mr. MARSHALL. They pay twenty-four
per cent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is that a provision of this
conference report?
Mr. MARSHALL. That is a provision.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then all the Government
would lose would be the interest upon the tax
from the 20th of April to the 30t h of Juue, and
that is more than made up by the provision re-
quiring these manufacturers to pay an addi-
tional tax of one cent per gallon, or at the rate
of twenty-four per cent, per annum oil the
amount of tax due. Now, it that is so, it looks
to me like a good bargain.
Mr. LOGAN. Was it not stated in the
debate by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Pchexck,] when this
bill was up before, that by extending this time
the whisky men made liity cents on eacn gallon
per annum, while the Government makes only
twenty-four per cent, upon the tax?
Mr. MARSHALL. That may be so ; I do not
know what statement was made, but it would
be a most excellent law which would enable the
Government to increase its revenues, while the
tax-payers increased their profits at the same
time. If we could always enact such laws we
would soon have a very rich Government and
a prosperous people. And we would certainly
be entitled to the thanks of the whole country.
One word more, and I will have done. I he
proposition before the House for the extension
of time was, when it was under consideration
a few days ago, a proposition to extend it tor one
year, and that was voted down by the House.
The bill went to the Senate, where it was amend-
ed by allowing an extension of time to the 30th
of June next. The conferees on the part ot
the Senate were very tenacious in regard to that
amendment, and were unwiliingto yield it, and
for my part I thought their proposition should
be agreed to ! I had no hesitation about it fiom
the start.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him a moment/
Mr. MARSHALL. Very well.
Mr. VOORHEES. I know of no law to
extend the time of anybody else for the pay-
ment of their taxes ; there is no proposition to
extend my time or the time of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] for that purpose.
I know of no class of business men who arc
better prepared to pay their taxes when they
fall due than these whisky men. if there is
any reason why this particular interest should
be singled out, and a law passed to extend ihe
time for paying this tax, I would like to hear
what it is ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I have already shown
that there is no analogy between this and any
other tax. When the entire property of any
other class of citizens, whether merchants, farm-
ers, or manufacturers, is seized and held by
the Government for taxes, and it requires
$4,000,000 to pay the tax and release the prop-
erty, and the owners thereof ask a few days
delay, and are willing to pay twenty-four per
cent, to the Government for the delay, yon
would then have an analogous case, and if it
appeared that the Government would make
money by the delay, and a refusal to grant it
would bring ruin to many citizens, I cannot
imagine any sound objection to granting the
indulgence.
Now, for myself I do not care the toss of a
copper what the House shall do with this bill.
I only know that there are important interests
in Kentucky, Illinois, and other States of the
West affected by this matter; and there are
persons there engaged in this business who pay
their taxes honestly and fairly. And, as 1 have
before said, they are just as much entitled to
consideration by this House as any other class
of the community. They now have consider-
able whisky on hand upon which the tax has
not been paid. They ask this extension of
time from the Government. It is true we are
not bound to grant it; but by forcing them to
take this whisky out of bond at this time we
will only throw them into the hands of the
great capitaliscs of the country, wliomay sacri-
fice them. By granting them this indulgence
the Government will lose nothing but the inter-
est on the amount of the tax, while it receives
at the rate of twenty-four per cent, per annum
on the same. As this whisky will unquestion-
ably be taken out of bond by the 30th of June
next the delay is a very brief one, and I hope
it will be granted.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] yield to me for
a few minutes 1
Mr. SOHENCK. Well, I want to dispose
of this matter soon.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Only two min-
utes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will limit the gen-
tleman to two minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to say
! a word or two in behalf oi some of my eon*
j siituents who have whisky in bond. I have
' no interest myself in whisky, nor have I any
interest in u whisky ring^f" but rather a con-
tempt for them. Sir, there are in my district
about one million six hundred thousand gallons
of whisky in bond, and the tax to be paid on
that whisky amounts to almost one million dol-
lars. The money is not there now to pay the
taxes. 1 understand that this bill proposes to
extend for about two months and a half the time
for the payment of the tax. Now, 1 conceive it
to be the duty of every good Government to
make taxation fall as lightly as possible on the
people. These whisky men pay an immense
revenue to the Government. The proposition
is that the Government shall be compensated
for this extension by an additional payment of
one cent per gallon per month. Has anyone
li estimated the increased revenue that the Gov-
I' eminent will receive under this arrangement?
I am told that there are from seven to ten
jl million gallons of whisky now in bond in this
ji country ; and if so, the proposition embiaced
Si in tins' bill will give the Government from
seventy to one hundred thousand dollars addi-
tional revenue per month. Is not this a suth-
cient compensation to the Government tor
"ranting this indulgence of two months and a
halt"/ The additional revenue received during
that period will be probably $250,000. Sso far
