710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
are undertaking to retire him oil major gen-
eral's pay, though he was wounded as a col-
onel; we are trying to make him a major gen-
eral by law, when in fact he was not a major
general; we are undertaking to do a thing that
ought not to be done, and that cannot be done
except by reversing every principle of law and
every rule of the Army. According to the
«stablished usage, every officer is retired on
the rank he holds when retired. 1 have now
in my mir.d three major generals who were
wounded when they were colonels or lieutenant
colonels. They were breveted major gen-
erals ; they were afterward made major generals
of the volunteer Army; they were then mus-
tered out of the volunteer service ; they were
retired as colonels and lieutenant colonels, and
are so retired to-day because those were
actually their positions.
Do gentlemen desire that we shall now in a
single case make an exception to the general
rule? If this bill be passed we shall have pre-
sented to us at the next session eight or ten
cases in which we shall be asked to legislate
in the same way, and by law make men major
generals who were not major generals; for
that is precisely what is proposed in this case.
Gentlemen are trying to legislate a man into
the rank of a major general and then retire
him on major general's pay.
Mr. SHANKS. I would like to askthegen-
tleman just one question. Is not the War
Department competent to determine what was
the rank of General Heintzelman at the time
he was wonnded ; and does this bill go any
further than simply to call the attention of the
Department to the question ?
Mr. LOGAN, This bill does not speak of
his rank at all; it speaks of the rank of his
command.
i will tell gentlemen what I am willing to do,
and it ought, to be satisfactory. I am willing
that the bill shall be so amended that General
Heintzelman shall be retired on his actual rank
at the time he was wounded. Jfhe was amajor
general at that time he can, under such a pro-
vision, be retired as such.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust the
gentleman will allow me a single remark.
General Heintzelman was wounded at the first
battle of Cull Run. He was a colonel in the
regular Army. On account of his service his
commission as brigadier general was dated back
to the 14th of May, covering the time he was
wounded, so that in contemplation of law he
was 3e brigadier general at the moment he was
wounded.
Mr. BANKS. The reading of the statute
which the gentleman from Illinois has given us
makes upon my mind this impression, that an
officer is retired according to the rank of his
command at the time he was wounded. If the
statute says lie is to be retired according to the
rank of his commission, then he is to be retired
as a colonel; if according to the rank of his
command, then it is according to the rank of
the command he held upon which he is to be
retired, That is the way I understand it.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose he only commanded
a battery of artillery, what then? I will agree
to the bill if amended in this way; that he shall
be retired on his actual rank at the time he
was wounded. That is all he ought to ask.
Gentlemen are trying to retire him with a rank
he never did hold at that time or since.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes; he was a
full major general in 1S32.
Mr. LOUAN. No man ought to ask to be
retired on more rank than he held at the time
he was wounded. General Heintzelman was
a colonel in the regular Army at the time he
was wounded, and he has been retired as a
colonel. Novv, when officers are retired is this
Congress going to take them ont of their re-
tirement and retire them over again? If it
does, then it will be an entirely new business
lor Congress. He has been retired on colonel's
pay, but because he was retired by Andrew
Johnson, Congress, forsooth, is to take him up
and retire him over again, as if Andrew John-
son has uot done the thing all right. That is
all there is of it. Because Andrew Johnson
retired him it is to be taken for granted it was
all done wrong, and we are now to retire him
over again to make it all right. He has been
retired according to the law, and if this meas-
ure should pass it will make his an exception
to all other cases.
Mr. SLOCQM. Mr. Speaker, the joint res-
olution now before the House is in entire
accord with the law passed by Congress in
1866. Any gentleman who will get the reso-
lution and read it, and read the section of the
law of 180li which covers this case, will find
that the two are in perfect harmony. The law
of 18456 declares that any officer retired from
active service " on account of disability occa-
sioned by wounds received in battle may be
retired upon the full rank of the command held
by them, whether in tbe regular or volunteer
service at the time such wounds were received.''
That means if he held rank as a colonel he
may be retired as a colonel; if he commanded
a brigade he may be retired as a brigadier gen-
eral, and if he commanded a division he may
be retired as a major general. There is no
other meaning to it.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose he commanded an
army, how would he be retired then ?
Mr. SLOCU.U. If he commanded an army
prior to the creation of the rank of Lieutenant
General he would be retired as major general ;
if after that, he would be retired as a Lieutenant
General.
Mr. LOGAN. Without ever having been a
Lieutenant General?
Mr. SLOCUM. This resolution provides
that President Grant may, at his discretion,
retire General Heintzelman with the grade he
held when he was wounded. It means noth-
ing more.
In 18611 had thehonor of serving under Gen-
eralHeintzelman. I wasin his division when he
was wounded. He held then the command of
major general, and he could have been retired
with the rank of major general if he had so
chosen ; but he preferred to remain in active ser-
vice. In 1866, when Congress passed the law
which I have just read, General Heintzelman
could have been retired with the rank of major
general, but he still preferred active service.
Andrew Johnson, without giving him notice,
retired him with the rank of colonel. Had
General Heintzelman applied he could have
gone before a board and been retired as major
general, the rank he held at the time he was
wounded. There is no question that Andrew
Johnson thought proper to retire him as colonel,
and the resolution before the House simply
allows President Grant, if he deems it proper,
to retire him in accordance with the law.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have the previous
question. q
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust the gentleman
from Illinois will allow me three minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection ; I do
not restrict anybody.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to add a word
to the very clear statement made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Slocdm.] The
statement is a complete exhibit of the law, and
it is a perfect answer to what the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs said a few
moments ago. that the law was boggled, and did
not seem to mean anything. I remember very
well when the law was passed in 1866. These
words were put in for the express purpose of
reaching oases where officers held commands
above taeir real rank. And not only was that
(he meaning of the law, but, as the gentleman
from New York has said, within the last two
years the law has been administered just as
the gentleman from New York construes it.
Thomas J. Wood, of Dayton, Ohio, who held
the rank of Brigadier General in the battle of
Chickamauga, was there wounded. I saw him
wounded, and knew his rank and service. Sev-
eral months after that battle he was retired as
major general. He was not such in rank in
fact when he received his command, but he
held a major general's command and was re-
tired on the rank of the command he held, in
the exact language of the law. Now, there are
at least eight other officers on the retired list
who were retired exactly on the same prin-
ciple, that is on the rank of the command they
held, and not on the subsisting rank of their
commission.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. There are
ten such retired officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is the law, and
what we ask is that this general shall be retired
on the same basis that General Wood and the
other nine tffieers were retired. Ttiat is all.
The law is plain, the equity is clear, the jus-
tice of the case is apparent, and I trust the
resolution will pass.
Mr. LOGAN. Just one word in reference
to General Thomas J. Wood. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocpm] has made an
able speech. I am very glad of it; I was much
pleased to hear it. But in regard to General
Wood, he had the rank of Major General.
Mr. G ARFIELD. He is colonel in the reg-
ular Army, and was so when he was retired.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says he was
retired on his rank at Chickamauga.
Mr. GARFIELD. On the rank of his com-
mand.
Mr. LOGAN. I happened to be closeby when
he was wounded. It was not at Chickamauga,
but at Lovejoy's Station. He was shot in the
ankle. On that wound he was retired, and
then he was major general. I knew some-
thing about his command, and saw him five
minutes after he was wounded. Now, sir, I
say that these men who have been retired as
major generals had that rank, and when gen-
tlemen state the contrary they state what they
know nothing about.
Mr. DAWES. Of what possible use would
a statute he if it was—
Mr. LOGAN. I have nothing to say about
the meaning of the statute. It may mean com-
mand ; it does say so ; but the trouble with me
is I cannot tell what command General Heintz-
elman had, nor can anybody else. I do not
know whether he had a brigadier or a major
general's command. I know nothing about it.
If he was assigned to a major general's com-
mand at the battle of Bull liun he had a differ-
ent assignment from any other man I have
heard of. If you can find an assignment to a
major general's command at the first battle of
Bull Run, except of an officer of the regular
Army, I would like to know who it was. There
were regular generals in all tbe commands
there. 1 do not know who they were. I do
not know what kind of a command he had. But
1 am willing, as I have said, to amend the joint
resolution so as to retire him on the rank that
he held at the time he was wounded. He has
been retired once,'and it is proposed to puthim
back by this vote and then retire him over
again. That is all there is about it. And if
you set this machine going you will have to
keep it going. That is the reason I oppose
this joint resolution.
I move to amend the joint resolution so as
to provide that he be retired on the rank he
held at the time he was wounded; and i move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which tbe joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 6) for the protection of the
interests of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
