1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
ROLLIN WHITE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 273) for the telief of Rol-
;in White; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of
Patents to rehear and determine the applica-
tion of Rollin White for extension of his let-
ters-patent for improvements in pistols, in the
same manner and with the same effect as if
they were original applications made within
the time prescribed by law for said extension
before the Commissioner of Patents, aud as if
iio hearing had ever occurred. In case an
extension be granted no damages shall be
recovered for infringements of the patents be-
tween the date of the extension of the original
patents and the date of this extension.
Mr. JENCKES. The Committee on Pat-
ents have examined this bill and recommend
its passage.
Mr. BROOKS (at three o'clock and twenty
minutes a. m.) moved that the House take a
recess until ten o'clock a. m.
Mr. CAKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and twenty five minutes p.
m.) the House took a recess until ten o'clock
a. m. on Saturday.
MORNING SESSION.
The House reassembled at ten o clock a. m.,
[Saturday, April 10, 1869.]
Mr. CAKE obtained the floor.
bridges across the ohio river.
Mr. INGERSOLL. With the consent of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report
from the Committee.on Roads and Canals the
bill (H. R. No. 18$) in relation to bridges
across the Ohio river.
Mr. TWICHELL. I object.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 140) to amend an act entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes ; when the Speaker
signed the same.
expenses op committees.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That such committees as have been
authorized or ordered to sit during the recess for the
purpose of pursuing investigations or for other pur-
poses shall be authorized to employ a clerk during
the sittings of said committees, at the same pay al-
lowed during the sessions of Congress, and that the
respective enairmen of such committees are hereby
authorized to draw from the contingent fund of the
House a sufficient sum of money to paythe necessary
expenses of investigations which said committees
have been ordered to make, and the Clerk 01 to©
House is hereby authorized to pay over the same,
taking receipts of the chairmen of said committees
therefor,said chairmen of committees to return proper
vouchers for the expendituresof the same to the Com-
mittee oil Accounts for consideration.
SUTRO'S SYSTEM OF MINING.
Mr. CAKE. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing joint resolution from the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representa
fives of the United State-: of America in Congress aswm-
bled, That ten thousand copies of that part of A.
Sutro's report on " a rational system of mining, as
ha* been designated by the Committee on Fruiting
be printed for the use of the members of Congress
Dot to exceed in all one hundred and twenty-live
pagos of ordinary document form.
Mr. KERR. 1 object.
CUBAN INDEPENDENCE.
Mr. HANKS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs a resolution
for action at this time. It is the unanimous
report of the committee, though one member
reserves his right to object to some portions
of the resolution.
The resolution was read as follows :
Revolved by the House of Representatives of the United
States of Ameriea, That the people of the United
States sympathize with the people of Cuba in their
patriotic efforts to secure their independence and
establish a republican form of government guaran-
tying the personal liberty and the equal rights of
all the people; and if it shall appear that a republican
government has been in f;ict established the House
of Representatives will give its constitutional sup-
port to the President of the United States whenever
he shall deem it expedient to recognize the inde-
pendence and sovereignty of Such republican gov-
ernment.
Mr. WILLARD. I object to this resolution
unless there is time allowed to discuss it.
Mr. BANKS. I will allow all the time the
House will allow.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to debate.
Mr. BANKS. Then I move that the rules
be suspended so that the resolution may be
passed at this time.
The SPEAKER. If that motion is insisted
on now it will probably show the absence of a
quorum and suspend all business until a quo-
rum is shown to be present.
Mr. BANKS. I will not press for a vote
now.
amendment 01' itcles.
Mr. INGERSOLL. by unanimous consent,
submitted the follo wing resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Rules :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of changing
the name of the Committee on Roads and Canals to
that of the Committee on Railways and Canals.
bridges over the ohio.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to consider at this time the
bill of the House No. 188, in relation to
bridges across the Ohio river.
Mr. KERR. I object.
sew committee-rooms.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved. That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, in conjunction with the architect of
the Capitol, be instructed to arrange and fit up in
the House wing of the Capitol at least six commit-
tee-rooms, to be ready for occupancy by the first
Monday in December next, the expense thereof to
be charged to the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Is that intended to
include tne old Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
it relates to the floor below.
The resolution was adopted.
message from the senate. j
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gouham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to the
following bills:
An act (S. No. 94) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon," approved July 25, 1866;
and
An act (S. No. 236) to extend the time for
the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Com-
pany to complete the first section of twenty
miles of said road.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill (H. R. No. 403) to establish certain
post roads.
civil service.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, in-
trodnced a bill (H. R. No. 420) to regulate the
civil service of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, and ordered to
be printed.
post route bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker s table the
Senate amendments to House bill No. 403, to
establish certain post routes, for the purpose
of concurring in them. There is no legislation
in those amendments ; only additional routes.
No objection was made; and the amend-
ments were accordingly taken up and con-
curred in.
Barclay's digest.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That the usual edition of the Constitu-
tion. Manual, Rules, and Barclay's Digest bo printed
for the use of the membeis of the present House at
the next session, to include fill amendments and
additions made thereto, and upon the same terms as
heretofore.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman to so modify his resolution as to
provide for a general index instead of several
indexes such as we now have.
Mr. KERR. That is a good suggestion.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that will be done.
The indexes now in the book of rules, &c.,
are not of much use.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I will modify the
resolution by inserting the words " and a gen-
eral index" after the words " all amendments
aud additions thereto."
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
department of iiome affairs.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 422) to create a depart-
ment of home affairs, to provide for the enforce-
ment of civil law in the Indian country, the
consolidation, civilization, government, and
citizenship of the Indians, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
naturalization.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary House bill No. 121, to establish a uniform
system of naturalization and to regulate^ pro-
ceedings under the same, for consideration at
this time.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
direct tax in southern states.
Mr. HEATON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution to further amend
the fourteenth section of the act approved
July 28, 1866, entitled " An act to protect the
revenue, and for other purposes."
Ttie SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the fourteenth section of the act named
in the title be further amended so as to extend
the operation thereof till January 1, 1870.
Mr. COBURN. I should like to hear some
explanation of this proposition, the right to
object being meanwhile reserved.
The SPEAKliR. If there be no objection
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Hea-
xos] will be permitted to make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. HEAION. With the consent of tlio
House I will make a brief explanation of this
measure. Unless this joint resolution be passed
the Secretary of the Treasury may regard it as
obligatory under the fourteenth section of the
- act of July 28, I860, to undertake the collee-
i tion of 83.000,000 of uncollected direct tax
! in the South, which, under existing circum-
! stances, is really impracticable. Ihe collec-
l tion of this tax has already been twloe sus"
i pended. and it is proposed to extend the sus-
i pension for one year longer. This measure,
!! or something going to a greater length, has
!: been recommended by the late Commissioner
I; of Internal Revenue. Hundreds, if not thou-
! sands, of the impoverished people ot the boutli
ij would be greatly distressed by an attempt to
" collect this tax at the present time, w c now
