THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO.B1.
April 9,
desire simply by this resolution that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have authority to
grant a suspeniiou for one year more, or until
Congress can devise some plan by which prac-
tical relief can be given. A full examination
into the subject will convince almost every
reasonable man that the remaining portion of
said tax ought to be entirely abated. Should
this resolution fail I trust the Secretary of the
Treasury will examine the matter fully before
any attempt is made at collection. If this is
done, as 1 am convinced will be the case, I
am sanguine the honorable Secretary will re-
gard it as a duty to suspend action, at least
until the next session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the joint resolution ?
Mr. -KELSEY. I object. .
ENROLL1SD BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION'S.
Mr. BEA.TTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 94) to amend an act entitled
"An act to grant lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Central Pacific railroad, in California, to
Portland, in Oregon," approved July 25,
1866;
An act (S. No. 236) to extend the time for
the Little Eoclc and Fort Smiih Railroad
Company to complete the first section of twenty
miles of said road ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 58) for the pro-
tection of soldiers and their heirs ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 59) making San
Diego, California, a port of delivery ; and
Joint resolution (S. 11. No. 61) extending
the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal.
CO.MJUTTJSJB ON ELECTION FRAUDS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk. Its adoption is necessary in order that
a committee of the last Congress may finish
up its work.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rwolved, That a select committee of seven shall
be appointed, to be known as the Committee oil
Election Frauds 
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order.
Several Members. Hear the resolution.
Mr. BltOOKS. I know what it is.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] will not insist on the
regular order. There is no quorum present.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 must call for the regular
order it that resolution is to be pressed.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Is not the regular order
the business on the Sneaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is. That- is the order
which the House was engaged in executing
when the rece«s was taken.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to interrupt
the general business; and I will not call for
the regular order at present, except as against
that resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; I will not press
the resolution at present.
PAY OF GEORGIA CLAIMANTS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous eonsent.,
reported from-the Committee of Elections the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House he directed
i?rPn,^rT,the0S?iiBft?f!t.f,,ndo't' thB ttou*e to J-
W. Chft, Nelson Tift. William P. Edwards, Samuel
1. Gove, G. II. Prince, and P. M. B. Young, claim-
ants toseats m tins House from the State ol Georgia,
a sum to each equal to two months' pay of members
of Congress, the same to bo apnlied upon their nay
as such members should they finally be admitted to
seats..
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on ihe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my objection to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Heaton.]
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on my objection.
cuba.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved by the Sonne of RepresentativeThat the
people of the United States sympathizo with the peo-
ple of Cuba in their patriotic efforts to secure their
independence and establish a republican form of
government, guarantying the personal liberty and
the equal political rights of all the people; and the
House of Representatives will give its constitutional
support to the President of the United States when-
ever, in his opinion, a republican government shall
have been in fact established, and he may deem it
expedient to recognize the independence and sover-
eignty of such republican government.
Mr. KEftR. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 38; no quorum voting.
The Speaker ordered tellers ; and appointed
Mr. Banks and Air. Kerr.
The House again divided j and the tellers
reported—ayes 07, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS. There is evidently no quo-
rum present j and I move that there be a call
of the House.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
48, noes 50.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 84, not voting
73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beaman,
Beck, Brooks. Burr, Ooburn, Orebs, Dickinson.
Duval, Eldridge, Farnsworrh, Perry, Finkelnburg,
Getz, Golladay, Hawkins, Hay. Heaton, HotuhkUs.,
Jenekes, Thomas L. Jone«!, Kerr, Knott, Lynch, Mar-
shall, M.iyhnm. Samuel P.Morrill, Nibhick, O'Neill,
Orth, Folaud, Potter, Rogers. Sargent, Sawyer, Slo-
cum, Swann, Trimble, Van Trump, Weils, YVhitte-
more. and Willard—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Araee, Banks,
Beatty, Bhtir, Bole?, Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin 3?. 33utler, Cake, Cessnn, Churchill, CUuke,
Cook, Conger. Cuilom, Davis, Dawes, Dockery, Ela,
Ferriss. G-arfield, Gilfillan. Griswold, Hale. Hill,
Iloge, Holraan, Hooper,Hopkins, Ingersoli. Alexan-
der II. Jones. Judd, Julian.Kelley, Keisey Ketcham,
Knnpp, L; flin, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard,
McCarthy, MeCortnick.McCr.iry, McGrew, Daniel J.
Morrell, Myers, Ncgley, Packard, Packer, Paino,
Palmer, Puelps, Pomeroy, Prosser. Roots. Schenck,
Scolield, Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porier Sheldon,
John A. Smith. Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton. Strong, T.iffe, Tanner; Tillman, Townsend,
TwicheH, Tyner. Upson. Ward, CadwaladerC. Wash-
hum. Welker, Wilkinson. Eugene M. Wilson, John
T, Wilson, and Win a ns—84.
TvOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Am ell, Asper,
Bailey,Benjamin, Bennett, Beaton. Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Bowen,Roderick R.Butler, Calkin, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Oowles, Deweese,
Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Dyer, Fisher, Pitch, Fox.
Greene, Hnight, Haldeman, Hambieton, Hainill,
Hamilton, H.i wle<*, Hoag, Iluar, Johnson, Kellogg,
Lash, Logan, McNeely, Mercur, Eliukiin H." Moore,
Jesse 11. Moore, William Moore. Morgan, Morrissey,
Mungen. Peters, Randall, Reading, Re> ves. Rice,
SttnfWd. Sohamaker, Joseph S. Smith, Willitim J.
Stairh,Worthington C.Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather. Stifes. Stone,S'rader, Strickland, Sweeney,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Vooi lw es, WilliamB. Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Wilinuns, Winchester, Witoher,
Wood, and Woodward—73.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
FURNITURE FOR THE WHITE IIOOSE.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous eonsent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill (H. R. No. 421) making available an
appropriation heretofore made for furniture for
the Presidential Mausion. The appropriation
made at the last session of Congress cannot
be made available until next July unless this
bill is passed. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Depaktiieht,
April 9, 18i39.
Sir: I have this day been cilled upon by Brevet
Brigadier General N. Michler, in charge of public
bvuldnigv* and grounds, to ascertain whelher an ap-
pronriation for refurnishing the Present's House
of $25,000 made by an act of Congress entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of_the Government for the year ending June SO,
18/0, and for other purposes," approved March 3.
1869, could be made available before the close of the
present fiscal year, which was referred to the Comp-
troller for his views, who gives it as his opinion that
it cannot he drawn before the 1st of July, 186%
As it is^ a matter of some consequence that it bo
made available before that period, i have to reyu<-st
than an act may bo passed, in order that it may be
brought upon the books for immediate use.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
TT _ _ _ Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. Jajifs G. Blaijte,
Speaker lloit&e of Representatives.
The bill was received, and read a first and
second time. Jt provides that the sum of
$25,000, appropriated by the act approved
March 3, 1-869, entitled i(Anact makingappro-
priatior.s for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1870,"
for the purpose of refurnishing the President's
House, may be made available for that purpose
without increasing the amount.
Mr. BROOKS. Can the gentleman inform
me what is the amount appropriated for the
White House this year?
Mr. DAWES. There has been none made
by this Congress. The last Congress appro-
priated $2-3,000—the usual amount at the in-
coming of anew Administration. ]t never has
been less than that. On one occasion it was
more.
The bill was ordered'to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it <vas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CUBA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr. Banks in regard to
<Juba.
The SPEAKER. The last vote having shown
the presence of a quorum, the tellers [Messrs.
Banks and Kerb] will lesume their places.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 33.
Mr. KBRli. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 98, nays 25, not votitig 78 ; as follows :
YEAF—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
.Armstrong, A^per, Axtell, Banks, Beatty, Bingham,
Blair. Boyd. Crooks. Buftinton, Burdett, Benj.imin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
Clarke.- Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn. Con-
ger, Deweese, Dickinsou, Doekery, Donley. Duviil,
iVrriss, Ferry, I'inkeliiburg, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan,
Hawley, ILiy, Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Holuian, Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss, Iugersoll, Jenckes. Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Knarp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridse, Lynch,
Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur, D iniel J.
Morrell, Myers, Negrley, O'Neill. Oith, Packard,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser. Roots, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shnnks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porte Sheldon, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson, S.okes,
Stoufthton, Tuffe. Tanner, Tillman, Trimble, Twioh-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Voorhees, Ward,
Cailwalader C. Washburn. Welker, Wnittemore,
Wilkinson. "Williams, John T. Wilson, Wiuans, and
Witchi'r—98.
NAYS-Messrs. Adams. Beaman, Bi?gs, Burr,
Cleveland, D-ivis, Elrlntfge, Golhid;iy, Hale, Haw-
kins, Kerr, Niblack, Packer.P,line, Pol md,Rogers,
Sirgent, Stevens, Sweeney, Townsend, Van Trump,
WelN, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—-O.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Beck,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bird, IJoles, Bowen,
Cake, Calkin, Cook, Cowles, Crebs, Cullotn, Dawes,
Dickey. Dixon, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox. Oreene, Griswold, llaight, lialdeman,
Hambieton,Hamill. Hamilton,Hoag, Iloar, Hooper,
Johnson, Kellogg, lielsey, Ketchnm. Knott. Laflin,
Marshall, Mnyham, McCormick, MeCrary, MeNeely,
Eliakim H. Moore. Jes«e H. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan, Samuel P, Morrill, Morrissey, Mongen,
Palmer, Peters, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves,
Rice. Sanford, Schenek, Schumaker, Sloeum, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather. Stiles, Stone. Strader, Strickland. Strong,
Swann, Van Auken, William B.Washburn, Wheeler,
Wood, and Woodward—78.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Messrs. Banks, Willard, Swank, and Sab-
gent obtained leave to print remarks on the
resolution in regard to Cuba. [See Appendix.]
Messrs. Kerr and Whittemore obtained
leave to print remarks on the bill in regard to
Georgia. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BUTJjER, of Massachusetts. I oallfor
the regular order.
