1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I1B
election1 contest wallace vs. sisxpson.
Mr. BURDETT. I move to lay aside the
regular order for the purpose of taking up the
contested-election case of Wallace vs. Simp-
son, from the fourth district of South Carolina.
The question being, put. there were—ayes
00, noes 43.
Mr. BUJLiU. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BURR. On that I call the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 106, not voting
69; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Bigs?, Brooks, Burr. Cleveland, Dawes, Dickinson,
Eldndge, Uetz, (iriswold, Ilolinan, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Kuott, Nxblnck, Potter, Reeves, Slocum,
Sweeney, Trimbl^, Van Trump, Wilkinson, and
"W incheste r—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Beatnao, Beatty, gingham,
Blair, Botes, Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Cessna,
Churchill. Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Couger, Cullom, Davis, Dewesse, Dixon, Donley,
Duval, Eia, Ferriss, Ferry, Einkeluburg, Garfield,
Gilfitlan, Golladay, Hale. Hawiey, Hay, Heaton,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, I&gersoll, Alex-
ander H.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kvliogg, Kel-
sey, Ketcham, Knapp, Ltiflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lo-
gan, Loughridge, Lynch, May ham, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, Mercur, Daniel J.Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Poland, Pouaer y, Prosser. Rogers,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoiield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worth-
ingtoa C. Smith* William Smyth, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong, Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, Cddwalader C. Washburn, Weiker,
Wells, Whittemore, Eugene M. Wilson, John i.
Wilson, and Winnns—106.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey. Banks, Benjamin,
Bennett, Benton, Bird, Bowen, Beojamm J?.Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Calkin, Coburn, Cook,
Cowies, Crebs, Dickey, Docker* .Dyer, Farnsworth,
Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Greene, Haight, Haldeman,
Hauibleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins Hoag,
Hoar, Hogo. Jenckes, Johnson, Marshall, Maynard.
McCarthy, McCormick, McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H.Moore, William Moore,Morgan, Mormsey,
Mungen, Peters, Phelps, Randall, Reading,
Schumaker, Porter, Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, Stiles. Stone, Strader, Strickland,
Swann, Twichell, Van Auken, Voorhees, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BURDEFT. I moveto suspendall the
rules and pass the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections in this case, as fol-
lows :
jRenohed, That upon the papers referred to the
Committee of Elections in the contested case ot A. to.
Wallace v$. W. D. Simpson, from the fourth congres-
sional district of South Carolina, A. b. Wallace is
x>i 'una ft'cie entitled to a seat m the House as the
Representative of said district, subject to the iuture
action of the House or to the merits ot the case.
Mr. BURR. That is a fraud upon this
House. That man was not elected. [Cries of
"Order!" "Order!''] The only foundation
for that motion is a fear of exposure of the
fraud. [Shouts of "Order! "]
The SPEAKEll. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is not in order.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. GotutaM,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the b.ll (II. ii. No. 421)_ making avail-
able an appropriation heretofore made tor
furniture for the Presidential Mansion, with an
amendment; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
president's house.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill just returned from the Senate may be
taken up, and the amendment of the Senate
concurred in. ,
Mr. K Eli LI, Mr. BROOKS, and others ob-
jected.
election contest wallace vs. simpson.
The SPIiAIvEU. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri [.Mr.
Blkdktt] to suspend the rules and pass the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the appeal. The gentleman from Indiana
is quite as familiar with the rule under which
the Chair is acting as the Chair himself.
Mr. KNOTT. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. KNOTT. When the motion to adjourn
was made the yeas and nays had been ordered
on the motion to lay aside the business on the
Speaker's table, and nothing now can interrupt
that roll-call.
The SPEAKER. Then, how did the motion
to adjourn interrupt it? The motion now is to
suspendall rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. JUDD. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. We may as well have them at
once and save time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 22, nays 100, not voting
79 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Burr, Dickinson, Eldridge, Get®, Golladay,
Hawkins, Holman, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, Mc-
Cormick, Niblack. Potter, Slocum, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van 'i'ruinp, and Wells—2*2.
NAYS—Messis. Allison, Ambler. Ames. Arm-
strong, Asper, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Buffintnn, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill. Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Cullom, Donley, Duval, Ela, Ferriss,
Ferry. Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Hea-
ton, Hill, Hoge, Hopkins, Hotchkiss Infrerspll.
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, May-
nard, McCaitbv, McGrew, Mercur, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Segley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Poland, P .meroy, Pros-
ser, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, faco-
fieid, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon.
John A. Smith. Worthiogton C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton. Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tilman, Town-
send, Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Ward Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Weiker, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
Eugene M.Wilson, J ohu T.Wilson, and Wltcher 100
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, B;i_ley Beaman,
Benjamin, Bennett, Bird, Brooks, C ilkin, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Cowles, Crebs,Davis. Dawes, Deweese,
Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dyer, Farnswortb, loxr,
Gilfillan,Greene, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hale,
Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawiey, Hay, Hoa«,
Hoar. Hooper, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham,Logan, Loughiidge, Lvuch.MeOriiry,
McUeelv, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan, Morrissey Mungen. Orth,
Paine, Peters, Phelps, Randall, Reading, Reeves,
Rice,Schenck,Schumaker, Joseph&.smith, William
J. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strader. Strickland. Swann,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, W llliam B. Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Whittemore, TV mans, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—79.
So tie motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Bdbdett.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent ot
the House to make a briet personal explana-
tion.
No objection was made.
Mr. PAINE. It is with very great reluctance
that I say what I nowdo, but under a sense of
very great responsibility not only to this House
but also to the country, I have concluded to
make a statement to the House in view of the
circumstances of this ease, which I hope will
have a tendency to settle tho difficulty in which
we are now placed. _
By a resolution of the Committee ot hlec-
tious the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bur-
dett,] who has charge of this subject, has the
absolute control ot' this case as the represent-
ative of the committee on the floor ot the
House. I have not a word to say upoti it, as
representing the Committee ot Elections.
AVhat I now sav is as a member ot this House.
Mr. B URR." Does the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paixe] repudiate the action of
the gentleman from Missouri\Mr- Burdett]
on this occasion ?
Mr. PAINE. I beg that my friends on both
sides of the House will not interrupt me. We
find ourselves so situated at this time that it is
absolutely impossible to carry the proposition
of my colleague on the Committee of Elections
[Mr. Burdett] if those who are opposed to it
shall avail themselves of all the moans of delay
to which they have a right to resort under the
rules of the House. And the only result of
pressing the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Burdett] will be to consume
time that might be devoted to the consideration
of other subjects.
On the other hand, I but express my feelings
when I say that I shrink from seating a mem-
ber in this House under any circumstances by
virtue of a suspension of the rules where there
has been no opportunity for discussion. I
know that in saying this I incur the complaints
and animadversions of my party friends; and
I am sorry to do it. But I am impelled by my
conscience and my sense of right to make this
statement, and to suggest to my colleague on
the committee, who has charge of this case,"
that he had better make some such disposition
of it as will save to the urgent and important
business of the country the few minutes that
now remain of this session.
Mr. BURDETT. I desire to say in this con-
nection that the House two days ago acted
upon a case precisely similar to this in its every
word and line, and gave a seat in this House
to Mr. Hoge, from this very State of South
Carolina. Under those circumstances, as this
House had recorded its verdict upon the issues
involved in this case, I deemed it but right and
proper that the contestant in this ease should
not be sent back to his people without the same
recognition that Mr. Hoge lias already re-
ceived from the House. I still think so. Yet
upon the urgent request of the chairman of
the Committee of Elections [Mr. PainbJ and
the evident desire of the House, I will with-
draw my motion for a suspension of the rules,
although I still insist that it is just and right
that what I have proposed should be done.
The motion to suspend the rules was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorbam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a resolution, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested, to provide for the
printing of extra copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Patents.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a bill
(II. R. No. 248) to provide for the publication
of the Opinions of the Attorneys General, and
for other purposes.
site for state department bcildixg.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent that
the joint resolution (S. No. 62) in relation to
a site for a building for the State Department
be taken from the Speaker's table tor action
at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses that the Secretary of btate, the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, the
architect of the Capitol extension, the super-
vising architect of the Treasury Department,
and the Superintendent ot' Public Buildings
and Grounds, be appointed a commission to
select a site for the erection of a building for a,
new State Department, subject to the approval
of Congress ; that they cause plans to he made
for the same, with an estimate of the probable
cost; and also examine as to the propriety ot
making some arrangements for the \V ar Depart-
ment, provided thecommission should reach the
conclusion that the present site of that Depart-
ment is the most suitable for the State Depart-
ment ; the report of the commission to be made
to Congress on the first day of the next session.
Mr. P1NKELNBURG. I object
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
