1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
offered the amendment which is now before
the Senate.
Mr. YATES. I shall detain the Senate hut
a few moments on this question. It strikes me
as very singular that there should be opposi-
tion to making compensation to these Senators
in the largest amount. Whenever the measure
has been ((resented i have been a little aston-
ished at the opposition to it. I do not believe
there is any intentional unfairness upon the
part of northern and eastern Senators 
Mr. CASSERLY. If the gentleman will
allow me-—
Mr. YATES. I would rather not be inter-
rupted, because I intend to occupy the floor
but a moment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to report a con-
current resolution which it is important to act
upon, and which must be passed now if it is
to be passed at this session.
Mr. YATES. If I intended to occupy the
floor more than a moment I would yield; but
I do not. I merely desire to say that the uni-
form precedents on this subject have been that
the members-elect shall receive pay for the
vacancies which they fill; and in the contem-
plation of law at least, if not of actual fact,
there have been vacancies from these States.
These Senators and Representatives are here
to fill those vacancies. Now, in the case of
the Tennessee Senators, there was no difficulty
in this question. Jn many cases Represent-
atives are elected after the commencement of
the Congress at which they take their seats,
and yet they receive their pay for the whole
time, upon the construction that there is a
vacancy. I do think it is simply unfair, with-
out charging intentional unfairness, toward the
southern delegation in the House of Repre-
sentatives and in the Senate, to adopt a new
construction, especially as they come to us
from these new States which require our sym-
pathy and our encouragement. This is all I
have to say on the subject.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there be no objection
I desire to report a concurrent resolution from
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a report from the
Commit tee on Printing. Is there any objection?
Mr. MORTON. I do not object to the recep-
tion of the report.
Mr. CASSERLY. I report the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives coneuning.) That there be printed four thou-
sand extra conies of* the nnnual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents for 1So9 tor the use of the Sen-
ate; ten thousand ex ra copies of the same for the
uae of the House ; and five thousand extra copies of
the same for distribution by tiie Comiiiissioner of
Patents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California asks for the present con-
sideration of this resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I object.
Mr. CAsSERLY. I will state that this was
the lowest number of copies that it was thought
practicable to get along with.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana object to the present
consideration of this resolution?
Mr. MORTON. I do.
Mr. SUMNERand others. Let it go through;
it will take no time.
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
The PRESIDENTjoro tempore. The Chair
understands the objection to be withdrawn.
The question is on the adoption of the reso-
lution.
The resolution was adopted.
PAY OF SOCTIIEUX SENATORS.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Indiana is before
the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I feel called upon to say a
word or two in explanation of the vote which
I shall be compelled to give on the resolution
now before the Senate. The gentlemen who
are concerned in this matter need no assurance
from me of personal kindness toward them.
I would give them as compensation for their
services as Senators the very last cent that, I
supposed it was proper to give under the law;
but when I look at the matter and inquire
what rule should govern a case of this kind,
what broad and general principle should lie at
the foundation of every case of this kind, what
rule the two Houses of Congress themselves
have established in reference to such cases, I
am compelled by a sense of duty to withhold
my support from the resolution offered by the
honorable Senator from Indiana.
Mr. President, I think the principle or rule
which lies at the bottom of this whole matter
is that for all the time that any State of this
Union may be entitled to be represented on
the floor of the Senate there shall be appro-
priated out of the public Treasury the com-
pensation of her Senators for all that time and
for no more; and I call the attention of the
Senate to a joint resolution of the two Houses
which is underlaid by this principle ; and that
is a resolution adopted some years ago to this
effect; that when a Senator dies or resigns his
successor in office shall be entitled to compen-
sation from the date of his death or resigna-
tion, though it may be a year or more after that
date before he is elected and takes his seat.
Is not this a recognition by the two Houses of
Congress of the broad rule governing all such
cases, to wit: that after a State is entitled to
representation some persons shall receive the
pay of Senators from that State? If it be so,
then it follows, in my judgment, as a matter
of course, that for the time that a State is not
entitled to such representation the money can-
not properly go out of the public Treasury to
pay for the services of its Senators and Rep-
resentatives. Upon this principle, guided by
this previous action of the two Houses of
Congress now upon your statute-books in the
shape of a joint resolution, I feel constrained,
against my feelings of personal kindness to-
ward each and every one of the honorable
Senators from the reconstructed States, to with-
hold my vote from the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Indiana as it now stands.
I have yet one further remark to make as to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Connecticut; and that is, that that puts the mat-
ter just in the shape in which the Senate put
it before by a vote by yeas and nays on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SAWYER. No.
Mr. DRAKE. If it is not so, what is the
difference? I understood that the previous
resolution gave them pay from the date of the
admission of their respective States into the
Union.
Mr. SAWYER. No. _
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky whether that was
not his amendment to the resolution when this
subject was up before ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think it proposed to pay
them from the date of their elections respect-
ively.
Mr. DRAKE. I thought the amendment
which the honorable Senator from Kentucky
proposed to the resolution when it was up
before was to the effect that they should be
paid respectively from the date of the read-
mission of their respective States into the
Union. That is my recollection.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not prepared to say that
the honorable Senator is not right. It was
the one date or the other; I do not recollect
which.
Mr. DRAKE. If the resolution asadopted
before was to the effect that they should be
paid from the date of the readmission of the
States into the Union, that is the principle
upon which I stand, and that I continue to
vote for all the time if necessary ; but if the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut fixes the time short of that, this
side of that, then I am against that amend-
ment.
Mr. PERRY. My amendment is that very
thing, taken from the statute which lies before
me. June 25, 1808, is the date of the act
readmitting these States.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I submit to the Sen-
ate, with all respect, as it is the intention of
the Constitution that during the time that a
State is in the Union there shall go out of
the public Treasury compensation for ail that
time for its Senators and Representatives, that
is the exact thing that we should do here; and
1 cannot feel it to be my duty or my privilege
to gratify my feelings toward the honorable
gentlemen from those States.
Mr. \\ 1LSON. I understand that this is a
simple Senate resolution, and that by the
twenty-sixth rule it must be read three times.
It is evident that it cannot pass to-day without
unanimous consent; and it can be taken up at
the_ called session or at any other time for
action._ That being the case, I move that the
resolution be postponed for the purpose of
taking up the joint resolution from the House
of Representatives in relation to the hours of
labor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want a separate vote
on that question. I do not care about taking
up that measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is divisible.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to have a sep-
arate vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to postpone
the further consideration of the resolution now
before the Senate until to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion and let the Senate vote
on this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that I would do so if I thought we could get a
vote ; but he knows very well that one objec-
tion will defeat action on the resolution to-day,
and w« can take it up at any other time as well
as this.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend from
Indiana that he can take it up some day next
week at the called session. This being a Sen-
ate resolution for the payment of Senators,
it seems to me it would be perfectly in order
then.
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire of the Chair
whether this resolution will be in order next
week?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be a question
that will arise hereafter. I doubt if it will be
in order.
Mr. MORTON. I doubt it also. I do not
want to be deceived about this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. It will not be in order
at all.
Mr. MORTON. Senators say it will not be
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This res-
olution itself will not be in order; but a sim- *
ilar resolution can be introduced at the called
session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then a question will arise
whether it is in order or not, and we shall
decide that then.
Mr. WILSON. T do not think there can be
any doubt about it. At any rate this resolution
requires unanimous consent, and while it stands
here in the way we can get no opportunity to
vote on the joint resolution, which has passed
the House of Representatives without a dis-
senting vote, in relation to the laws of labor.
That joint resolution is here, and in my opinion
there is involved in it our reputation before the
country for honest purposes in the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire of the
Chair, before any action is taken on this sub-
ject, whether or not this resolution can be read
the third time to-day without unanimous con-
sent ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot.
Mr. WILLL1MS. Then it is evident that
it cannot pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous
consent- of the Senate to put the bill which the
Secretary now has before him upon its passage.
