12®
THE- .O0MG1ESSKMAL GLOME.
April 10,
It will not take over thirty seconds. There
will be 110 objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer a formal
resolution in connection with the close of the
session.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to say that this
resolution was introduced some ten days ago,
was read twice, and has been before the Senate
ever since.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is on
its sec-nd reading. It has not been read a
third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed that the
bill in regard to the refurnishing of the Pres-
ident's House cannot be called up in the House,
and I am therefore disposed, by the unanimous
consent of the Senate, to allow the amendment
to it which was made on my motion to be
stricken out, and permit the bill to be passed
as it came to us from the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me dispose of this
bill first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate for the present consideration
of House bill No.'92.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will only take a
moment.
notification to the president.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to submit the
usual formal resolution in connection with the
close of the session for the appointment of a
committee:
Retohed, That a, committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed, to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President and inform himthat unless ho
may have some further communication to make the
two Houses of Oongress are ready to close their ses-
sion without day.
The resolution was considered-by unanimous
consent, and agreed- to.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore being author-
ized to appoint the committee, Messrs. Trum-
bull and Davis were appointed.
superior collection district.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now I ask that House
bill No. 92 be acted on.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
92) to discontinue Sault Ste. Marie as a port
of entry in the Superior district, and to estab-
lish Marquette in lieu thereof, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
furnishing of tub white iiousb.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to the bill
authorizing the S25.000 appropriated for fur-
nishingthe President's House,to be used during
the current year, which we sent back to the
other House with an amendment, I understand
that it cannot be got up in the House, and it is
sent back to me informally with the request
that it be passed as it is. I move therefore,
regarding the bill as here by unanimous con-
sent, that we reconsider the vote by which it
■was passed and then vote down the amendment
and pass it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not been returned
formally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, but informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
will be regarded as reconsidered if there be no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Let it be done
by unanimous, consent.
The PitKS11.) NT j)ro'tempore. There being
no objection,^the vote on the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 421) making available an ap*
propriation heretofore madeforfurnitureforthe
Presidential Mansion will be regarded as re-
considered. The amendment will be regarded
as rejected, and the bill passed withoutamend-
ment, if there be no objection.
pat of southern senators.
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore.- The reso-
lution of the Senator irom Indiana [Mr. Mob-
ton} is before the Senate.
Mr  WILSON. I renew the motion that I
made to.postpone the pending meastrrefor the
purposeof taking up the joint resolution of
the House of Representatives in relation to
the hours of labor; and I will simply say, in
support of that motion, that if the pending
measure is pressed and persisted in it will itself
be lost, and there will be no opportunity to
take up the other. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am more opposed-to
the other than to this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The resolution we have
before us is one that certainly appeals to our
sympathy and1 good will, and one that only
takes about $500,000 out of the Treasury. The
bill proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts is a perpetual bill, which will take mil-
lions upon millions out of the Treasury in the
course of ten years. If we are to-decide which
sum we shall take from the Treasury this morn-
ing upon two measures that may be open to
great question, I go for the smaller sum, and
I hope we shall stick to the resolution of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I merely wish to say a-word.
This is simply a question in regard to the Sen-
ators from the reconstructed States, whether
they shall be treated in the same way and with
the same liberality that other Senators and
members of Congress have been heretofore.
Shall they be put upon the same ground or not?
The Senator from Kentucky makes the objec-
tion. Heretofore the election of members of
Congress in Kentucky has been held in Angu-st,
and Kentucky gentlemen have not hesitated
from time immemorial to draw their pay back
from- the 4th of March.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make an explanation?
Mr. MORTON. Not just now; the Sen-
ator will have an opportunity after awhile.
The Senator from Connecticut, too, makes ob-
jection. Members of Congress in Connecticut
are elected from a month to six weeks after the
beginning of the Congress, and I understand
that Connecticut gentlemen do not hesitate to
draw their pay frotn the beginning of the Con-
gress. In the case of Tennessee, the Senators
from Tennessee were allowed to draw their
compensation, not simply-from the beginning
of the session which they entered, but from the
beginning of the'previous session, from the
beginning of that Congress. This is now simply
a question whether the Senators from the re-
constructed States are to be treated with the
same liberality and upon the same principles
that other members of Congress have been
heretofore. If it was not right-to do so hereto-
fore it is notright to do so now ; if it was right
then it is right now ; and if liberality is to-be-
extended to members of- Congress under any
circumstances, surely those who have comeup
here through tribulation, through struggle, from
the reconstructed States are entitled to it as
those who cotne from the peaceable State of
Kentucky and from the peaceable State of
Connecticut.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, no member
of Congress elected from the State of Kentucky
ever received pay, or asked pay, for a period
of time reaching back beyond the time the
State was authorized to vote for Representa-
tives, and the honorable Senator from Indiana
cannot establish the contrary of that position.
I concede that each Congress commences its
existence on the 4th of March, and formerly
it was the law and the practice of Kentucky not
to elect until August after that date, and all the
Representatives elected at the election claimed
and received their pay from the previous 4th
of March, upon the principle that the State on
the 4th of March was authorized by law to hold
its election if it chose to do so. The difference
between that case and the present is very plain.
Revolving, the subject in my mind, I think the
Senator from Missouri is right, that the reso-
lution which I proposed here paid the Senators
from these States from the time the States were
allowed to hold their elections. I based that
resolution upon this principle, according to the
reasoning and the position of the honorable
Senator from Missouri, that no Representatives
or Senators had a right tp .claim pay for a
period of time before the State was authorized
to elect Senators and Representatives. If the
principle applies in this case, and it is a sound
one, it is preposterous and absurd to say that
Representatives and Senators from a State may
claim pay anterior to the time when theirState
was authorized to elect them. Is there any
justice in that? Is there any reason in that?
Take the Senators from these respective States ;
my impression is that I endeavored to ascer-
tain when each of the States was permitted by
the law of Congress to elect Senators, and my
proposition was that the Representatives and
Senators from those States should be allowed
pay from the time those States were permitted
to hold their elections.
"Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro-tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts1?
Mr. WILSON. I rose to remind the Senator
from Kentucky that the question before the
Senate is on the postponement of the pending
measure to take up another, and I desire to
have a vote on that subject as soon as possible.
It seems to me that that is the question before
the Senate, and not the general merits of either
of the measures.
Mr. DAVIS. I was making my speech from
the inkling given by the speech of the honor-
able Senator frotn Indiana. If I have been
misled into a violation of propriety or have
been foreign from the subject that was actually
before the Senate, I was lured to that error by
the example of the honorable Senator from
Indiana. I receive the correction of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts. I am cer-
tainly willing that the question shall be taken.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I want to say
two or three things in favor of postponing this
question, or doing something with it except
adoptingthe resolution. I cannot better define
my own position than by-saying that we have so
liitle right to make compensation to these
Senators anterior to the day mentioned in the
amendment proposed by the' Senator from
Kentucky that, in my judgment., your resolu-
tion, if it were passed by this body, would have
no more effect to legalize the payment than
if you were to pass a resolution to-day to
distribute $1,000,000 among us or tp pay
$1,000,000 to each one of us. The resolu-
tion would be absolutely nugatory, absolutely
void, and whatever disbursing officer of the
Government paid a dollar under it would pay
it at the peril of his own estate and that of his
bondsmen, if he is under bond. That is my
judgment;
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask my friend
to commend that consideration to the Congress-
men from the State of Connecticut-
Mr. HOWE. I am going to commend it, if
I can, to the consideration of the Congressmen
from Connecticut, but lam especially ambi-
tious to commend it to the consideration of the
Congressmen from Indiana, because the Sen-
ator from Indiana seems to me to be most
oblivious of it just at this present speaking.
There is no analogy between this case and the
case of Connecticut and Kentucky alluded to;
and that practice is wrong. We know very
well how that happened. Once members of
Congress received a certain sum for every
day's labor, an8 it did not at all concern the
Treasury nor particularly concern the Gov-
ernment whether they were elected before or
subsequent to the commencement of the Con-
gress. They worked so many days and they
received so many days' pay. Subsequently
the law was changed and they received a salary,
so much per year. While the law authorized
them to receive only a per diem, those States
fixed their time for electing subsequent to the
commencement of a Congress. Nobody could
complain of that.
Mr. DAVIS. But before the regular session.
Mr. HOWE. Before the regular session, as
was then the usage. Nobody could complain
of Kentucky or Connecticut for deferring their
elections to themiddleof the summer or the
