722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
i paid by the United States should be the
current rate for the same labor for the same
time in the place of employment. Believing
that the amendment would virtually defeat the
object of the bill, the Senate rejected it by a
decisive majority. Nobody in the Senate pre-
tended that the reduction of the hours of labor
carried with it the reduction of the rates of
wages paid by the Government; and when the
proposition was made to reduce the rates of
wages in proportion to the reduction of time
the Senate promptly-voted it down. What the
officers of the Government have done the Sen-
ate voted should not be done. I voted, and I
believe other Senators voted, to give the eight-
hour movement a fair trial. I have entertained,
and I suppose other Senators have entertained,
grave doubts as to the wisdom of constituting
eight hours of labor bylaw a day's work. But
we were willing to-test the question by actual
experiment. I thought that the Government
of the United States could afford to test by
actual experiment a question that so vitally
concerns the feelings and interests of large
portions of our countrymen. During the past
third of a century the hours of labor have
been largely diminished, and the results have
been unquestionably beneficial to the physical,
intellectual, moral, and social condition of
that portion of our countrymen who labor for
wages. I was willing and am now willing to
go further.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to look at the clock and con-
sider how much of a possibility there is for
his measure to pass. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. I know very well what the
chances are now. I "give it up;" but I am
going to improve the balance of the session.
[Laughter. J
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my
colleague 
Mr. WILSON. I do not give way to any-
body or to anything except to a message from
the House of Representatives. [Laughter.]
message fkom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, ifs Clerk, announced
that the House had passedthe joint resolution
_{S. R. No. 62) in relation to a site for a build-
ing for the State Department.
make a
close of the session.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Illinois
proposes to make a privileged report.
Sir. TRUMBULL. The joint committee ap-
pointed on the part of the two Houses to wait
upon the President of the United States and
inform him that the two Houses were ready
to adjourn unless he had some further com-
munication to make have performed that duty,
and have been informed by him that he has
no further communication to make to Con-
gress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of twelve o'clock having arrived, it becomes
the duty of the Chair, under the concurrent
resolution of the two Houses, to pronounce
the adjournment of the session. I therefore
declare the Senate adjourned without day.
