1S69.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
nation was strongly Trivh. 'McDonald, are you a
Biitish subject?' 'Nau; I am a Spaniard.' [Re-
newed laughter.] And so every one of these men
was tinned loose, without even a reprimand, to go i
again and prey upon American commerce; and now ;
we are informed that further negotiation would be !
deemed by iiei Majesty's Government as of no ad- i
vantage; no good result can follow the prolongation j
of the coutiuveisy. I agree with the British min- !
ister that no good result can follow the further |
continuation of that controversy. !
" 2sTow, Mr, we are informed in that language that ■
no further negotiation is open; the negotiation is |
closed; and to-day there seems to be just one course
for thie? nation to pursucin accordance with her dig- 1
nity and herhonor, and thatis trom this time hence- !
forth and forercrmore, until these bills are paid, '
absolute non-mtercour.-e with Great Britain. True, j
there are other remedies. We might declare war ,
against Great Britain, and all the world would say |
we had just cause. We might seize Canada, and say j
that we would take land in payment if we can get no j
other redrew, and hold it until payment was made, i
and the world would justify our action. Again, we 1
might declare an embargo, or we might seize her ,
ships wherever found,
"liui. sir. there is a peaceful remedy, and that
remedy I propose, I propose that we say to Great
Britain, ' We agree with you that no further nego- ;
tuition is desirable in this ease; we do not wish any i
further negotiation; we accept your definition of 1
neutrality. That is the determination ofthe Ameri- I
can people to-day; and 1 believe—I do not know, j
but L believe—thatMr. Seward understands that that ;
will be the action of the people of the United States :
whenever Great Britain gets into a war with other !
Powers. I believe thathe distinctly undeistands that j
our people will send fast-saihnsrsteamers to the ends 1
ot the earth and make war upon British commerce ,
with the torch until her flag is, as ours has been, !
swept ftom the ocean. But, sir, is it manly, i.j it !
dignified in this great nation, that has been able to j
keep a million soldiers in the Hold tor the last tour ]
years, to copy after that old man in the Bible, who, I
offering one hand, said, 'Are you at peace, my !
brothei V while with the other he stabbed him under 1
the ufth rib? ^So, sir; it is not dignified, lior is it |
honoiable. I propose to say to Great Britain that |
we accept her definition of neutrality, and that from ;
this* tune forth until she p:ivs thus bill ot dainaees |
we .-bail ueelaie uon-hiieieoiiiae  vith hei. I uffei
the following rejolulion, and ask tor its piesent
considei a tion:
" Whereas by the rccent publication of the diplo-
mal ic < .<rre.-nondence between thi-s Government and
the Government ol Gieat Britain we are fuilv ad-
vised that the last named Government lias refusedto
repair the damages inflicted upon our commerce by
the agency oi her >abjects dui mg the late rebellion ;
has declined to arbitrate the same: and finally, fur-
ther to treat upon the subject, tuus exhausting all
diplomatic ! I'&oiiiccs, leaving to this nation but one
aiternanve cmisHtenr with its honor : Therefore,
" Be it revolved by the Smote nn < House <>! ilcpresent-
oitves ia Congress n^sniiblcd, That the President of the
United States i-< hereby requested to withdraw our
minister from the Court of St. James, and make proc-
lamation of national non-intercourse; which_ is
hereby declared to takeeftecta>f'tersuch proclamation
.-hall have been issued.
" The Pr.hsiDEXT pro tempore. Is there objection
to the intioduetion ot this joint resolution ?
"Air. Dixox. I object; it had better he over.''—
Cvni/rpskiruin/ Globe, Tlnrty-1\ mth Congress, first
session, p. 22<j.
So, upon the objection of Mr. Dixon, that
was laid over. It whs my impression then,
and it is now, that iuid that resolution of non-
intercourse passed, and passed unanimously by
both Houses of Congress, our Alabama claims
would have been paid within thirty days trom
its passage. I believe that had Congress come
up manfully in December, 18G4; and passed the
resolution I then offered instructing the Secre-
tary of State to demand payment., the claims
would have been settled early in 186-5 : but an
objection carried it over, and there the matter
rested.
Here permit me to say that every resolu-
tion I have offered on this subject has been
in the interest of peace, and the one I oiler
to day is to the end that we may have peace.
Peace is what L desire—peace with Great
Britain, peace with all the woild ; but the way
to secure peace is to meet manfully and boldly
the is,sues as they arise.
Before that session of (Jongress_ expired I
brought the subject of the neutrality laws in
this connection to the notice of the Senate, as
will be seen by the following extract from the
pioe^edings oi duly -o. loGG :
" Mi. Chandler. On some dav in Dccembei last
1 «:ivt notice that 1 should mti"uUoe a bul enactlus
the ,.resent British neutrality laws, i spent several
weeks in examining and comparing the pritisli neu
trality laws with our own, and aseei tamed at last
that ib<-y were identical. It i-> the .-arne law pie-
cisely which sent the Alabama and her colleagues to
prey upon out cnmmeice, -that seized t he^lcteoi the
other day for f.« r the mi^ht aid the Peruvian bror-
eminent in opposition to Spam 1 It i? the fSmo taw
verbatim which enlisted> men for the Alabama and
all the rebel pirates of England and arrested the
Eenians on our frontier! The British neutrality
laws and ours, as they stand to-day, are the same.
Now, sir, it will be seen at a glance that it is a mere
farce as these laws are construed in Great Britain
and as they are construed here. I desire, therefore,
to offer the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Kela-
tions be directed to inquire into the expediency of
repealing our present neutrality laws.
"They are a farce as they stand, and I hope the
committee will decide that it is expedient? to repeal
tne whole of them.
"The President pro tempore. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider the resolution at this time.
"Mr. Cowan. I object."—Congressional Globe,
Thirty-Ninth Congress, first session, page 4024.
So my neutrality resolution was killed by an
objection. I think had we repealed our neu-
trality laws entirely it would have had a very
conservative influence upon Great Britain in
her treatment of the Alabama and other claims.
But eveiythingin the nature of a peaceful prop-
osition having failed, on the 29th of Novembei,
1867, the following occurred;
"Mr. Chandler asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 09) to preserve the neutrality between the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain and the king of Abyssinia;
which was read the first time by its title.
"Tile joint lesoiution was read, as follows:
""Whereas we are at peace with ail sovereigns,
Powers, and States; and whereas hostilities have
unhappily commenced between the Government of
Great Bntam and the king of Abyssinia; and whereas
we aie at pcace with the Government and with the
king of Abyssinia: Therefore,
"Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That we do now declare our determination to
maintain a strict and impartial neutrality in. the con-
tent between the said contending parties, granting
to the flag of each belligerent the same rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities both upon land and water.
"Mr. Chanpler. Mr. President, this is a copy
verbatim ot the proclamation issued by the British
Government on the 14th day ot Miiy, 1861, simply
changing the name of the United States to that of
Great Britain, and of the confederate States to that
of Aby^tmia. If there is no objection, and I pre-
sume there will be none, as it is simply reluming
her own compliment to us under similar eueuui-
stances, I should like to have the resolution put
upon us passage at once. I hold m my hand the
English proclamation of which this is a copy.
" The President pro tempore. Is there any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution at tins
time?
"Mr. Sumner. I think it had better lie on the
table.
"The President pro tempore. Objection beiug
made, the resolution goes over under the rule.''—
Chagreinonal Globe, first session fortieth Congress,
page 810.
That resolution was laid upon the table at
that time, but m a lew days alter it was called
up, and I will ask the Clerk now to read the
remarks which 1 made on that occasion.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Chandler. Mr. President, when I offered
this resolution the other day I hope:! there would
be no objection to it, and 1 made no remarks upon
it. A> I have stated, it is almost an exact copy ot
the proclamation ot neutrality issued on the 14th day
ot Ma}, iSol, by the Government oi Great Biiiam as
between the United States and certain rebels against
the Government of the United States. 1 here is but
one change made in the resolution as offeted by me
iiom the original proclamation olneuh aJity as issued
by Great Britain on the 14th day of May, lgtfl, and
that was, as I stated, to change the name of ihe
Go veminent of the United St.i tes of America ' to that
ot ' the Government ot GreatBiitain,' and to change
the name of 'the so-called confederate Suites' to
' king of Abj-sima.' I tnen, m the last sentence of
the lebolutlon condense what takes several para-
graphs ofctOijeij -punted matter in the Biitish proc-
lamation ot neutrality into a single sentence. Tins
being all the change made fn-m the British procia-
nutt mu in the tsolution as uifered by me. I could see
no reason wu> the resolution should not have been
pas.-ed promptly and unanimously at that time. _
" Tnis is a resolution ot reciprocity, reciprocating
to the Government ot Great Britain the courtesy
extended to us m 18G1. it may, perhaps, be failed
retaliatoiy—ret.ili.itinsr, if yen plca-c, if that word
is prefcued to reciproeriring, tiie same treatment
upon the Government of Great Britain that sne vol-
unteered to us in our time of trouble. Some gentle-
men upon this iloor and some members of the pro«*
have called this a veiv j?nnd joke. Mr. Presiuent. it
is the farthest possible letnove irotu ajoko; orii U
! be a joke, it is the most senous aud tne most nracti-
, eal ever perpetrated on earth, save one, and that
■ was the original issuing of the pi oclamation of neu-
I tralay m 1801 by the Government <>t Great Britain.
1 That, sir, was a more serious and a jnore practical
. joke, if this be ajoko. than this; and tha^t joke, if it
were such, cost this nation two nandreci thousand
. lives and $2,U0U.000,0ltU in money: ilr no man pre-
! tends that the rebellion would ever have taken head
; but for the proclamation ot neutrality issued u} the
| Government of Great Britain on the Hth day oi
May, 1861. But for that proclamation of neutrality,
the rebellion would have been put down in less than
twelve months. And when I state the number of
lives that that joke cost, and the number of thou-
sands of millions of dollars that ltcost I put it inside
the mark, for it was more than two hundred thou-
sand lives and more than two thousand million dol-
lars that that practica' joke cost the Government of
the United States.
-'More than that, sir; that proclamation placed upon
the water and the land a flag that had never existed
upon the water or upon the land until that procla-
mation was issued. That proclamation recognized a
flag that had neither land nor water to float upon.
The rebel States were in precisely the same situation
that the Devil was when he took our Saviour up into
a high mountain, showed him all the kingdoms of
the earth, and promised to give them to him if he
would fall down and worship him. Why, sir, the
Devil did not own enough to bury him on ; neither
did the rebel confederacy. JBvery foot of land and
water within their limits belonged to the United
States, and when Great Britain, by that proclama-
tion, called the rebel flag into existence, it committed
an act of hostility against this Government that has
never been paid, never been wiped out, never been
retaliated for, and never can be, as my friend [Mr.
jNyeJ suggests.
"Mr. President, what was the situation of the United
States when that proclamation was issued by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain? We had been at peace
with all tne world lor a long series of years; we had
been at peace with Great Britain for nearly half a
century. Our intercourse with Great' Britain had
been ot the most friendly and intimate kind. We
were her best customers; the commeice between
Great Britain and the United States was greater than
that between Great Bntain and any other nation on
earth. The old.irritation had been forgotten, and we
looked upon Great Britain with a friendly eye, as
our maternal ancestor, if you please to call her so,
our mother. Why should Great Britain thus volun-
teer to recognize rebels who neither owned a foot of
land or water on earth ? Sir, the wish was father to
the thought that this Government was or would be
destroyed. The rebels at that time had achieved no
victories. They had bombarded, it is true, a fort
garrisoned by some seventy or eighty soldiers, but
they had no armies m the field, no fleets on the ocean,
no poweis as a nation. They were simply rebels
against a friendly Government when Great Britain
issued the proclamation that cost us two hundred
thousand lives, S-.OUO.UOO.OOO, and a thousand ships,
and which reduced ut. from the second commercial
Power on earth to the fourth or fifth. I do not mean
to say that these British pirates actually destroyed
a thousand ships, but I have a list of the vessels that
were either captured.and taken fioin us or burned and
those that changed their flags, and they amount, 1
think, to one thousand and seventy; it is over a thou-
sand ships that we lost in consequence of that proc-
lamation of neutrality.
"There are some strong points of resemblance
between the two cases to which I allude, to wit, the
condition of the United States and the rebel States
and of Great Britain and the king of Abyssnna, to
which 1 shall call the attention of the Senate ere
long.
" My course upon this proclamation and its results
has been at least consistent from the first. In 1862
I proclaimed on every stump th-tt 1 had occasion to
tpeak from that every dollar of property destroyed
by English pirates under the rebel flag should be paid
lor, satisfactorily settled, or retaliated tor. On the
14th ot December, 18d4, I offered a resolution in this
body direenng the Secretary ot State to make out a
bill for every ship destroyed by these British pirates,
with interest upon the amount from the date of
destruction to the date ot presentation of the bill, and
asked the Senate to pass it. I have before alluded,
to that resolution. My judgment then was and is
now that had that lcsolution passed both Houses ot
Congress uuammou-ly that bill would have been
paid within mx. months. Then we were not a I ower
to be trifled with. We then had over six bundled
ships ot war m commission and fifty-four thousand
sailors on board of them. Those ships were armed,
provisioned, and manned, and we could have assem-
bled the laigest fleet that the world ever saw in
twenty daj's. But. sir, that resolution I believe went
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and was
never heai d from after.
"During the yearl8<55 the rebellion was brought to
a close; our aimics were disbanded; our ships were
j put out of commission; and we then were not pr&-
■, pared to demand at thee mnon's mouth a settlement
;] (,f these claims: and m the winter of 18(55 I offered
;l a lesolution m this body declaring non-intercourse
until those claims should be paid. I believed then,
and I bulievo now, that had that resolution of non-
intercouise been passed our Alabama' claims would
have been paid within six months from its passage;
but, sir, it was not.
"In the winter of 180G I again moved that our
neutrality laws be so changed as to contorm^to the
British construction of their neutrality laws. Sir, had
we abolished nil of our neutrality laws 1 believe that
then those claims would have been paid.
first offered that ievolution I was anxious for the
payment of the claims. We were then expending a
thousand million dollars a year or more, and forty
or fitty millions was a matter to us of some conse-
quence. and I d'*sired to replenish our ire.isury tUd
Uic.a Biiiam come up and promptly paid those
' cUiw and apologized to the Govornaieiit toi the
: wrong «be had done us I in«Ut, perUttPS, have been
■! Willi!?" to lay aside other eoiuidoraUons and othei
!i dama ges* but, sir. she did not meet us m a. tuendly
11 or conciliatory spuu. .Si.o fptuaed to rccogmzc oui
i C-Urnis: she K'ouluiwt coil id . tl.em eveu . alio thicw
| Uicm out Of court. Au-l .../*• .«■. «*.• ^ lone
