1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
and soldiers, threatened or accomplished,
merely because they are my friends, and as an
important part of that party machinery which
is being used for my destruction.
Mr. President, 1 neither court nor shun that
contest. ] have faced many a danger before
without loss of nerve or self-respect, or the
good opinion of those whose judgment I re-
gard. I will not cry for quarter or lick the
leet of power, or abate one jot of heart or
hope, however fierce the attacks upon me. I
will support the Administration just so long as
it commands my confidence as a representa-
tive of the free principles I have sustained
from boyhood through evil and through good
report. Whether the Administration goes right
or wrong I will adhere to the great patriotic
Republican party, in station or out of station,
so long as it adheres to its life-long champion-
ship of freedom and equal justice to all; and
I will criticise and oppose all acts of the Ad-
ministration or the party, which I believe to be
unjust to my comrades and friends, or destruc-
tive of the interests of the country, to which I
owe my first allegiance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
lesolution I offered some days since touching
the final adjournment of this body.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me. I should like to make a single remark.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to occupy
any time on this matter of controversy between
my colleague and the President or the Admin-
istration. I am well satisfied with the Presi-
dent and well satisfied with the Administration.
If my colleague has any controversy with either
it is for him to choose his way of settling it.
For my own part I see nothing to complain
of and nothing to censure in the conduct of
the President or of the Administration in rela-
tion to the appointments in my State. There
have been some removals, and those I believe
are such as will be sustained by the people of
the State. The soldiers to whom my colleague
has referred were soldiers who took position
n ith the Democratic party, and in two instances
they ran as candidates last year on the Demo-
cratic ticket. We thought a change in that
regard was demanded by the Republicans of
the State, and General Grant concurred in
that view. I- think that is the head and front
-of his offending. What is personal between
the President and my colleague I desire to say
nothing about. I have no personal reminis-
cences about myself to relate. I think every-
thing is going on well, and I am very well
satisfied, and the people of my State are, with
the result.
FIX A h A D .7 OU It N M K N T.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
fixing the day of adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it advisable
to take that up this morning. I do not think
we are sufficiently far advanced now to fix the
time. I understand that we are to have mes-
sages from the President to-day communicat-
ing additional nominations, the last that we
are to have; but they are to come to-day prob-
ably in considerable number. Now, under the
rules of the Senate, those must be referred to
committees, who may be expected to report
to-morrow, perhaps. Then, uuder the rules
of (he Senate, they must lie over another day,
so that they cannot be considered without
unanimous consent until Thursday. Mean-
while there are other nominations that have
aheadv been made which will require the atten-
tion oi' the Senate, and judging from our expe-
rience yesterday I am not encouraged to be-
lieve that we shall easily get to the end of
those. Then, behind all me two treaties to
which I only allude, and 1 ask Senators who
are in favor of those treaties, and especially
those who are in favor of a treaty that.is deeply
interesting to the Pacific coast, if they are will-
ing now to vote an adjournment that shall
operate unfavorably on that treaty?
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not
proceed with the consideration of this resolu-
tion to-day. I think that we had better pro-
ceed with our regular business; and therefore
I move that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will do me the honor to with-
draw that.
Mr. SUMNER. What the Senator has to
say he can say on my motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it is not debatable,
Mr. SUMNER. Very well: I withdraw the
motion for the purpose of letting the Senator
be heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry that the I
Senator from Massachusetts still has the
chronic difficulty about him that generally
attacks him when anybody wants to adjourn.
We have had a little experience which ought
to have taught us that the sooner we fix a day
of adjournment a day or two hence the more
certain we are to dispose of all the treaties that
my friend thinks ought to be disposed of, and
to dispose of all the nominations that ought
to be disposed of and finish them. There is
nothing so certain as a persuasive argument to
gentlemen to work as the fact that they must
finish their work by a certain time. Expe-
rience has demonstrated that. We shall not
then, I take it, give up the mornings to long
diatribes on the subject of foreign relations or
to unnecessary personal explanations, but shall
devote ourselves to business.
Now, the question is merely whether we
shall take up this resolution. When it is up
it may be that my friend from Massachusetts
will satisfy us that we ought to wait until Fri-
day, although I should imagine, from what
little I know about it, that between now and
to-morrow afternoon we shall have ample time.
The nominations to which the Senator has
referred I am credibly informed w ill be very few
in number indeed: aud no man knows better
than my friend how well up the work of this
executive session is in our own hands. It is
true we have one or two treaties that have been
opened; how far they have progressed it is not
proper for me to say here; but it is evident
enough, I think, to everybody who is really
desirous of disposing of this business and going
home that now that the second of the working
days of the week has come is the time to fix j
some time for adjournment. Make it Satur-
day, if the majority desire, or next week, Mon-
day, or a month hence; but determine that at
some time or other the business of this session
shall be brought to a close. If you do not it
never will be brought to a close. I hope,
therefore, that my friend will not insist upon j
undertaking to make a flank movement by j
moving to go into executive session, but that
he will meet this question, as he does all '
others, fairly and squarely, and let the Senate i
take a vote upon the question whether they !
will consider this subject or not. ]
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have the j
resolution reported. i
Mr. EDM UNDS. It is not up. j
Mr. HOWARD. I should be glad to have ij
the resolution reported. [j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read. 11
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Edmunds on Friday ij
last:
Rewlvtd, That the President pro tempore be, a nil is i
hereby, directed to mljoum the Senate without day, .j
on Saturday, April IT, 1869, at five o'clock afternoon, il
Mr. SUMNER. I would make one remark |i
in reply to my friend from Vermont. When |j
the Senate has finished its business then it can :|
vote to adjourn, hut until the business is finished ^
it seems to me the proposition of my friend is ,,
premature. I would suggest to him to let it
lie until we fairly see the end of our work. e
may see it to-morrow or the next day, and then
we shall be ready for his proposition ; but why ;
tie our hands in advance and then be con- :
strained in all that we do, in all our discus- j
sions, whether on nominations or oi>. treaties, i
by a vote to leave these seats at a particular
hour? Therefore I must persevere in my
motion that^ the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
^ The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 24, noes 25.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 31 ; as follows :
YEAS-—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
-buemnguaui, Carpenter, Chandler,Cole,Cragin, Fes-
senrten, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morton, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Schurz,
bnermart, feinmser,Thayer, Warner, and Wilson—25.
^ 7\. Anthony, Cameron, Casserly, Cat-
tell Oonkling, Corbett. Davis. Drake. Edmunds,
iron ton, J1owler,(*iibert, Hamilton, Hnmlin Howard
McCreery, Morrill, Nye, Patterson, Pouieroy, Pooll
Pratt, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Tliurmon, Tipton
Trumbull, Wiiley, Williams, and Yates—31.
. ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Ferry, Grimes, Norton,
O^born, Saul&bury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stockton, and
Vickers—10.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
\ermont, to take up the resolution indicated
by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend it so as
to make the final adjournment "on Thursday
next at four o'clock in the afternoon."
Mr. POMEROY. It seems to me the Sen-
ator bad better say Friday. I have learned
this morning that there is to be some change
in administering the Indian department re-
lating to my State, that the agents and super-
intendents are to be changed with a view of
meeting the new condition of things which has
been shadowed forth once or twice by the
President, and some time to day or to-morrow
the nominations will come in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that every-
thing will come in to-day; but I suggest to
my triend that if, sitting alone as we do, it
should be found at the last hour that we want
two or three hours mere, or a day, we can
extend the time by a majority vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I know ; but when the
time is set Senators are impatient aud it is dif-
ficult to get another day after persons have
made theirarrangements to leave. When Sen-
ators have packed up and made their arrange-
ments to leave and bought their tickets to go
on a certain day I have never known them to
be willing to put it off another day. So I think
out of abundant caution we had better say
Fiiday: and if our Quaker friends are nom-
inated to these offices we can confirm them,
as I suppose they will be. I understand so,
though 1 may not be right about it. We can
get off by Friday, I think, with the work tol-
erably well done. If we try to get off before
we shall leave it undone.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should have had more
faith in the observations of my friend, in whom
I almost always have faith, if he had voted the
other way on" the question of adjourning at
some time.
Mr. POMEROY. I voted not to go into
executive session in order to settle the ques-
tion at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I pay respectful
attention to what my friend says.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose that I
voted right, but I voted with the Senator from
Vermont. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is pretty strong
evidence that the Senator voted right. [Laugh-
ter. ] But the prevailing idea with gentlemen
with whom I have conversed is that we ought
to adjourn to-morrow afternoon and that we
can do so. To accommodate views, however,
1 have proposed Thursday afternoon at fous
o'clock, which gives us a day's work on Thurs-
day, which ought to satisfy everybody. If the
Senator is not satisfied with that, he can try
Friday, and see whether he can get a majority
