738
THE OONGRESSiOiYAL GLOBE,
April 21,
in which it is obtained at present. Let them
make the inquiry, let it emanate from them,
and then iet the response be in writing and
the person who makes it be responsible for it,
I am very glad to see this resolution intro-
duce!. I hope it may lead to legislation which
will cure what in ray judgment is a monstrous
abuse. I do not think that it will take any great
length of time to procure this information. Let
us know who the clerks and persons appointed
in these various Departments are, and who has
solicited their appointments. Let it all go out
to the public ; and if it turns out that the ap-
pointments of messengers and clerks, male and
l'emale, and all these other appointments, are
made chiefly at the solicitation and urgency of
members of Congress, let us see it and apply
some corrective. I think it important that we
should have the information, that we may see
upon whose recommendation aud solicitation
the appointments have been made. I thank
the Senator from Wisconsin for moving in this
direction ; and I am very glad the resolution is
before us, and I hope it will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois.
The Chief Clerk. It is after the word
"Departments" to insert " at Washington/'
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely suggested that.
That is the meaning of the resolution.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is the meaning
of the resolution. I accept the amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be added to the resolution :
Unsolved further. That ia the opinion of the Sen-
ale the distribution of the official patronage of the
Government not embraced in ioeal office? in the
States should be made as nearly equal among all the
States, according to their representation and popu-
lation, us may be practicable; and that to confine
suci; patronage to particular States or sections, either
wholly or partially, is both unjust and injudicious.
Mi. CAMERON. Now I shall be glad to
have the preceding resolution read, 1 have
just come in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso
1 ution of the Senator from Wisconsin will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk lead the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Stat e. of the Treas-
ury, of the Interior, of "War, of the Navy, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney Genera! be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate on the first day of
its nest session information of the names, age. and
compensation of allinfenorofSeers,clerks, aud em-
ployes in tbeir respective Departments at Washing-
ton, showing from what Slates they were respectively
appointed aiidhow long, aDd at what place or places
thej' had resided in the States froth which the', were
respectively appointed prior to their appointments,
and upon whose recommendation they were ap-
pointed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend, the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, directed his speech
principally and almost entirely to the last point
of the resolution, which was "upon whose
recommendation'' these persons were ap-
pointed; and he very kiudiy expressed his
thanks to the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin lor moving it. Now, if I recollect aright,
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin did not
move that part of it, but it was proposed by
the honorable Senator from Illinois himself
as an amendment. Therefore, he was express-
ing his thanks to himself for his patriotism
and sagacity in making that particular motion,
for which I give him all credit, aud with which,
it seeiua, lie credits himself.
But, sir, instead of regarding this as a mark
of great patriotism, as I view it fiom its
phraseology and from the information it seeks
1°. , out' although I give my honorable
fuend from Wisconsin all credit for patriotism,
I regard the resolution as aiming at precisely
wlmt the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina want'? to ascertain, whether one State
has more clerks than another in proportion to
its population, and to see that each State 1ms
its share. That is the burden of the whole
thing. I have no doubt there is very consider-
able inequality among the different Stafps in
this respect, or has been heretofore; but ray
honorable friend from North Carolina, who
complains of this, and other gontlcmen, must
reflect that during a certain period a consider-
able number of the States of this Union did
not furnish anybody for these Departments.
The great bulk of them, all but very few, were
engaged in other business which rendered it
very unnecessary, to say the least, if not a
little dangerous, to employ the services of
gentlemen from those States in the Depart-
ments. In fact they were turned out in great
numbers, and it was found necessary to turn
them out.
Now, when other States have furnished clerks
and employes in the Departments, and they
have gone there and labored, and perhaps un-
fitted themselves for other business, our friends
are very uneasy because their States have not
got their share of clerks and employes ; they
want a perfect revolution at once, by -which
people can be picked up in the different States
and put in the Departments, so as to bring
about an equality. This is very natural on the
principle upon which we go, and upon which
this Government has gone for some time, so
far, at least, as Senators and Representatives
are concerned, and that is, a perfect scramble
to see how many people shall get into office.
I am very sorry that the desire of the thing
manifests itself so strongly in our friends who
came here so recently under the circumstances
in which their States have been situated. If a
change is to be made, that change, in order to
have the business of the Departments done,
must necessarily be gradual. It cannot be
made all at once. If you desire to do the work
of the Departments decently you cannot turn
out a large number of educated, thorough, ac-
customed clerks, and put in a very large num-
ber of new and green men into their places,
I have an idea that the principal thing to
look for in the Departments is to get men who
are capablc and able to do the work; and the
more experience they have, the more they have
shown themselves fit for it, the better it is for
the Government. I think that is an important
element. Next, I have no doubt it is no more
than fair and right, and I am perfectly willing
to accede to its propriety, that as far as yoti
can consistently you should equalize the ap-
pointments among the various localiries on the j
modern principle that the offices of Govern-
ment, are made for the individuals, and not |
for the State. It has got to be a received doc- i
trine, upon which we all act, and there is no I
concealing it, that this matter of holding office j
is made for our constituents and for their par- j
tieular benefit—those of them I mean who can j
get the appointments—and is not made for the j
benefit of the Government and to do the Gov- !
ernment business. That is the melancholy !
truth with regard to it. j
Now, while I deprecate as much as ray honor- j
able friend from Illinois the fact—from the '
annoyance it is to myself—that we are besieged
to sign papers and to get places for our con- |
stituents, I see no possible way of avoiding it. .
It arises from several causes. In the first
place, there are very considerable numbers of
people in all our States who would like these :
appointments. They are our constituents. :
They desire to have them, aud they apply to
us to get the places. It is a mere matter of ]
good nature not to refuse them. In another 1
point of view we cannot refuse them ; for if we \
do somebody else will not, and then somebody i
else gets the advantage of us. I should like to ,
know how I can stand here in the Senate with
due regard to the future—my own future I am ;
speaking of—and refuse to put my name upon j
a paper recommending a constituent, a clever 1
fellow who is fit for office, saying that it is not ,
proper or consistent -with my dignity to do it, ;
when another gentleman, a member of the i
House of Representatives from my State, is I
peii'ectly ready to do it at any time, and not
on y to put his name upon the paper but to go !
and see that the thing is done? it is not incon- ;
fsist.-iit with his dignity at all. ;
. Th-ii^ who am I? I am the most disobli- !
guigfeiiow in the world, take no interest in my !
constituents, will not, do anything for them. '
will not trouble myself to see that they are in
a good condition, while one of my colleagues
is one of the best fellows in the world and ought
to be in my place unquestionably because lie
looks after his constituents, while I do not!
That is the way I am regarded if I so act; and
it is a melancholy truth, as my honorable friend
from Illinois suggests, that we have got to be
the mere agents in a great degree, and it is our
principal business almost to get office for out-
constituents ; and we cannot refuse unless
others refuse also.
Then, in relation to this matter of putting
our names to papers, I put my name on a great
many ; some I have refused. I have made it
a general rule for some years that I would not
recommend a man who was to come before me
for confirmation ; but I have been obliged to
break over that rule in some instances. The
Senate will recollect that when an effort was
made not long ago to lay down the rule that no
Senator should put his name upon a paper an
exception was made of persons from his own
State and of those who might apply to receive
territorial appointments; but Senators have
not stuck to that. That was agreed to ; but I
have seen the name of Senator after Senator
upon the recommendations of men from other
States for office, and not for territorial appoint-
ments. All around, by one after another, no
sort of regard was paid to it in the world. It
is all an impropriety. It would have been a
great relief if we could have adhered to that
rule firmly. The fact of Senators signing papers,
as matters stand, is no proof of corruption, no
proof of wrong, no proof of weakness even. It
is a matter of self-protection as things now
stand. Senators and Representatives must to
a certain extent look out for these matters of
office ; and I do not know but that to a reason-
able extent it is proper. We have friends in
our own States who desire to serve the public.
They have no representatives but us, and their
case should be represented and should be
understood; otherwise we get no share. There-
fore, I see no great harm in it, while I acknowl-
edge that it is a melancholy truth to the extent
to which it is carried.
As to gentlemen being in the ante-chambers
of the Departments, and all that, why, sir,
that is a matter of personal dignity. If they
choose to stand around there, either inside or
outside of the door, it is a matter of taste, and
not a matter of principle one way or the other.
1 avoid it all that I can. I do not go if 1 can
possibly help it; and I do not sign papers, if I
can help it,_ in many cases; but I deem that I
have a perfect right to do so where the matters
do not come before me for action afterward,
and where I do not compromise myself or any-
body else. All the recommendations I give
are honest recommendations ; and although I
am perfectly willing that the Senator from
Illinois should have as he desires the list of tier-
sons who have recommended others to office,
1 should not draw the inference from it that he
doe3, that 111 so recommending they did wrong.
He talks about the practice having grown
up within the last fifteen years. I was here
thirty years ago, not in this body, bat m the
other, and the same thing was common then,
not to the extent to which it is now, but it was
very common that Senators and Representa-
tives were solicitors for office and the agents
and friends of others in getting them offices;
offices abroad and offices at home. It is not
a new thing by any manner of means, j wish
we could be rid of the annoy ance ; it is trouble
some; but we are bound to take this trouble
to a certain extent, and the only question
in my mind is whether we do it honestly and
according to truth aud right, and are careful
not to recommend any persons except such as
are fit for office.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania let roe say one word?
Mr. CAMERON. No; because if I yield I
may forget what I intended to say. i have
risen to say a few words in reply to the Sena-
tor from Maine, because the argument which
