1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
he makes coincides entirely with my judgment,
but he does not come to the same conclusions
that I do.
I am in favor of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois because I think it will cor-
rect a great evil. The-evil in regard to these
appointments is that Senators sign papers to
get rid of the applicants. That has been the
habit for long years. Importunate persons
•come here and ask us out of the Chamber to
go into another room ; and rather than talk to
them we sign their papers, often without read-
ing. That brings all this trouble. During my
first term of service in the Senate, which ended
in 1849, I never called on the President to ask
lor an appointment to office. When appoint-
ments were to be made in my State he sent
for -me-, either sent word to me by his Pri-
vate Secretary or wrote me a note asking me to
come to see him and consult about the affairs
of Pennsylvania; and so it would be now if
Senators would rest on their own dignity and
refuse to go to the President to ask for places,
leaving him the responsibility if he declined to
■consult them. Aud then my friends were gen-
erally cared for. The evil here is that we allow
everybody to ask us for our names, and we give
■our names without reflection, and thus we
sometimes induce the President to make im-
proper appointments.
Only the other day the President thought
proper to send in somebody from Pennsylvania
for a foreign mission ; and one of the Senators
from Pennsylvania had great trouble in con-
vincing the Committee on Foreign .Relations
that that man was an improper person. He
was a good man in many respeets, but not at
-all fit for the place—a constitutional drunk-
•ard. No man in the State would have recom-
mended him for that place which he got here ;
and yet it was a great trouble to convince the
committee that he was an improper person,
because he was pleasant and bland and genial
hi his manners 1
In addition to that, within the last two or
three weeks a name was sent into the Senate
from Pennsylvania of a man as consul abroad,
-without consulting either of the Senators, and it
tuVned out the other day that he was caught in
a theft, that he was a constitutional thief; and
yesterday his name was withdrawn. I know
the first named gentleman had the signatures
of the Governor of bur State, of the Legislature,
■of the electoral college, of every Republican
member of the other House from Pennsylvania,
&nd he had my colleague's recommendation for
■a smaller place, and as I rode up in the same
carriage with him I was put down as recom-
mending him also! The other person had the
recommendation, as I am told, of the Philadel-
phia Union League, the mo«st respectable, the
most influential, aud the most effective organiza-
tion in Pennsylvania in the Republican party,
for this consulate; and yet he was a thief1! If the
Administration, as was the custom in the olden
times, had consulted the Senators, we should
have had no feeling about it, but we should
have told the President and Secretary of State
the defects and demerits and the merits also
of these men, and they would judge properly;
but nobody was consulted, and reliance was
placed ou their petitions and papers. You all
know that every day there is hardly a Senator
who is not called out twenty times ; I think
that is a moderate estimate; I am called out
fifty times sometimes to see people. They
present you a paper; it is a great deal easier
to sign the paper than talk with them, and so
it is signed. If you do not sign, they tell^you
Mr. Senator so and so has signed 01' Mr. liep-
rescnlftive so and so has signed: and you must
be ;meivil to good people who think only of
their own interests and not. of the responsibil-
ities of a Representative, or else sign their
papers. They are very often friends whom you
should serve, if possible, but who 0l'iy
of themselves. But if we had the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois in force, gentlemen
would feel the responsibility of their recom-
mendations; they would sign no paper ex-cept
that which they were willing the whole world
should see.
Now, I dor.ot care how many places we get
for Pennsylvania. Although no appointment
has been made by this Administration which I
requested, though no gentleman has been ap-
pointed that 1 specially recommended, I think
nine tenths of all the persons appoiuted in the
State are my friends, because no one could se-
lect from the party without getting my friends;
and yet I have heard here about factions.
There are no factions in the Republican party
of Pennsylvania, though there may be some
grumblers. I think it would be a great deal
better to pass this resolution, and I am sure
we shall all add to our own comfort if we refuse
to sign every paper that comes here. And why
should we not ? The Senate is a coordinate
branch of this Government. We are to judge of
these cases, and we are to decide whether the
President has made a proper nomination or
not; and why shall we incumber him with peti-
tions ? Let him send his nominations here, and
let us judge whether or not they are proper
persons to fill the places, and then we shall be
respected as we deserve to be respected. I
shall vote for this resolution and anything else
which goes to throw the proper responsibility
for its own action on each branch of this
Government.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, Macaulay
tells ns that the people of England have spasms
of virtue. The people of England are not
alone in that respect. This exhibition perhaps
will be taken as a spasm of virtue in the Sen-
ate. Sir, there is nothing new in what is com-
plained of. Fifteen yearsago, when I came to
the Senate, the same thing existed, and nearly
to the same extent that it does now in propor-
tion to the pressure for office. It has always
existed in the Government, more or less. The
best appointments this Administration has
made have been appointments that have had
the recommendation of Senators, and the
poorest appointments are those that have been
made without consulting Senators. We know
this to be so, the country knows it to be so.
Presidents and Cabinets know far less of the
public men of the country than do the sixty-six
Senators representing the thirty-three States.
While I say this, I can say one thing for
myself and for my colleague, and I hope other
Senators can say the same thing, and that is,
that no one has been appointed to office on
my solicitation for more than three years. For
more than three years before Andrew John-
son's administration expired I never asked of
him or any of his Cabinet appointments.
My colleague stood in the same position.
We said to the Administration, "Send any
names to the Senate you please for Massachu-
setts, and if the men you nominate are able
and honest men and good Republicans we will
confirm them ; if not, we will reject them."
We acted upon that policy; and the result is
that the offices in Massachusetts are filled up
with able officers and good Republicans, men
that may be retained in office without detri-
ment to the public interest. I have not asked
for the appointment of a personal friend since
General Grant was sworn into office. I do not
! know that I shall do so, at least for the present,
i Sir, the practice which has been alluded to
is a great evil that should be corrected. I do
1 not know who is better qualified than are the
! Senators and Representatives from a State to
! give an opinion as to a fit person^ to be ap-
' pointed to office in that State. Who knows
i better about the State of Maine than the Sen-
, ators and Representatives from that State? It
j is easv to find fault with the action of our
j associates. I am rather a good-natured pec-
! son, and I do not like to say no when I can
, help it, and I undoubtedly s.gn some papers
1 that I ought not to sign, for it is hard to say no,
' especially when I am hard pressed. [Laugh-
1 ter.j If I know that, a man is honest and
• upright, that he is qualified for the office he
I wishes, I sometimes sign his recommendation.
I Perhaps 1 sign such papers when I ought not
to sign them; but I thirik the Senator frotii
Illinois takes his hand in signing papers, mak-
ing recommendations, and procuring appoint-
ments as well as the rest of us. He has, I
am sure, quite 6s much to do with'controlling
tbe appointments in his St^te as other Sen-
ators have iu controlling appointments in their
States.
I wish some remedy could be found for this
action of members of Congress ; but I remem-
ber that it has been so in past Administra-
tions. I do not see that Cabinet officers and
Executives have all wisdom or all knowledge
about the local officers of the country. So long
as we have a Government Senators and Rep-
resentatives will be consulted in regard to the
fitness of appointees in their States and dis-
tricts. Sir, I am thankful that 1 live in a State
where Government officials have little political
power or influence. We have an hereditary
prejudice in Massachusetts against the inter-
ference of Government officials that came
down to us from the old colonial times. They
do not control our political meetings ; they
have little to do with our caucuses and con-
ventions, for their influence amounts to little.
My opinion is that the best way Government
officials can serve their party .is to fill their
offices well and mind their own business.
I have no objection to this resolution or any
other making similar inquiries; but I think it
is rather small business for the Senate of the
United States to start out on an expedition to
find out whether all the States have an equal
number of clerks and little petty officers under
this Government. I do not believe in any such
doctrine of equality. Here we have a national
capital, and, of course, in and about this city
there will be a great many men appointed to
office from among those who live here. That
ought to be so. I do not believe in adopting
a system that shall divide the clerkships at
Washington equally among all theStates. Take
the high offices ; take the President; he ought
to count against all the clerks in the country,
a'nd a Cabinet officer should count a great deal.
This idea of an equal division is a petty busi-
ness. I am for recognizing every section' of
the country, doing justice to all sections; but
1 think that to enter on a system of parceling
out the number of these little petty appoint-
ments equally among the States is a movement
that will bring nothing but ridicule and con-
tempt upon Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I sought to obtain the
floor when the Senator from Maine sat down,
not with a view of reiterating what I had said,
but to correct a statement of his, which I sup-
pose he thought was very sharp, to say the
least. He sought to make a point on me. and
he made his point with such effect that the
Senator from Pennsylvania who followed him,
■ when I was unable to make the correction,
j went on to speak about my amendment, and
! said he was in favor of it. I had no amend-
' ment pending. The amendment pending was
! one offered by the Senator from North Caro-
lina. And the Senator from Maine, when I
expressed my gratitude to the Senator from
Wisconsin who had introduced this resolution
looking to a change in this matter, thought, I
suppose, that it was a very smart thing to say
that I had offered an amendment to the reso-
lution, and that I had thanked myself. If the
Senator from Maine did not understand what I
said, and supposed that anything I said about
the resolution was thanking myself, he is
entitled to the benefit of that sharp practice. _
And the Senator from Massachusetts iu his
remarks has spoken as if somebody in the Sen-
! ate was opposed to members of Congress ever
being consulted in regard to local offices. I
i said no such thing. What I complained of was
that we became solicitors and volunteers, and
' the suggestion which I made was that Senators
1 and members should give their advice when it
; was called for, and give it in writing ; that if
the Departments wanted information about any
j local office which they supposed the Repre-
' sentative from the district or the Senator from
