744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
the nations of the world that decay, socially,
morally, and in every olher way, is written
upon the brow of American society. Sir, as
an American—and the only inheritance which
I possess or of which I boast is that I am an ]
American—I give back to the world to which 1
this intelligence has gone a plain, flat contra-
diction. Sir, our valleys bud and blossom like
the rose; gigantic works of improvement are
striding a continent larger than all Europe :
the busy spindle is heard upon every rivulet .
and the mountain stream is beating itself to
atoms over water-wheels propelling countless
thousands of spindles. Everywhere prosperity
is written. Future prosperity is visible to him
that sees not through the key-hole, but in the
blaze of day, if he will only look around him.
I beg pardon, Mr. President, of you and the
Senate, for having occupied your time so long.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I shall
not detain the Senate more than a moment.
It was my fortune three times, as a member
of the Committee on the Conduct of the War,
to investigate three several battles in which
General Burnside fought; one in which he had
supreme command, and two others in which
he had a subordinate command. I can also
•state that General Burnside was several times
before the Committee on the Conduct of the
War as a witness, and I but- express the opin-
ion of every member of that committee when
I say that a braver, truer, or more patriotic
man than General Burnside never drew a sword.
This has been the testimony of every officer I
have heard allude to General Burnside, from
the highest in command in the Army down to
the lowest who served under him. I desire to
state further that in his army and under his
command, I believe, from and after he became
a majorgeneral, hehadMichigan troops always,
and they all bear the self-same testimony.
After the disastrous battle at Fredericks-
burg the Committee on the Conduct of the
War was directed by this body to investigate
that disaster. When we called General Burn-
side before us as the first witness he took the
whole responsibility. He said :
"It was my battle; I planned it, and if there is
anybody to blame it is me, and nobody else."
Well, sir, we had not taken testimony three
hours before we discovered that somebody else
was to blame for that disaster, and we called
•general Burnside back to correct his testi-
mony. He said:
"Gentlemen of the oammitee, I am glad to hear
you say wha.t you do; but I cannot correct my tes-
timony, for I believe it to be true."
And he would not change it even for his own
protection and defense. Sir, I have never mot
a more honorable, modest, high-toned, loyal,
brave soldier in my life ; and that was the
opinion of every member of the Committee
on the Conduct of the War.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, I rise to say a
word on this matter. I confess that I was greatly
pained some days ago when a Senator, avail-
ing himself of his privileges on this floor, as-
sailed the military character of Rhode Island
troops and that of Rhode Island's greatest
officer. This criticism of military conduct
was the more surprising since it came from one
Yv-ho never appeared upon the field in but one
engagement, and who retired from that field
amid a common disaster with no more than
common credit. And the regret and surprise
with which we listened were increased on
account of the high business position of the
speaker, and on account of the official position
which lieheld in his State and now holds in the
nation. When we remembered that no real sol- i
d-er ever aspersed the character of his comrades
under vauntings of his own achievements, we
began to comprehend the dishonor with which
one member might humiliate this whole body
and the extent of this outrage upon a Stale
and a chief in that Slate. When we recollected
also the hot-house growths thrown into undue
prominence by the inflamed atmosphere of
the early part of the war, when militaiy and
pc>]:tkal empieies held their sway, r'egret
fb-At^ed to indignation.
Neither before the war, nor during the war,
nor since the war, did I ever speak with Gen-
eral Burnside, nor was I ever in any part of
the army embraced within his command, so
that I do not speak of him now with any of
that natural regard which a soldier entertains
for his commander; but I was on the shore
of the Narraganset one summer morning when
in the gray light the steamer bearing the sur-
vivors of the disaster of Bull Run belonging
to Providence, streaming with pennants, swept
by toward that ancient city trailing the joyous
murmur of voices and the blast of the trumpet
in its way. The reception which that capital
that day gave to her sons, wherein every tower
and every balcony were waving plaudits, was
the verdict of Rhode Island as well on the
conduct of the commander of those troops as
upon the conduct of the troops themselves.
I leave Rhode Island to decide now and here-
after whether the voice of that people on that
day was false adulation. She has already
given her decision by electing three times the
officer who rode at the head of that column as
her Chief Magistrate, and that officer was
General Burnside.
General Burnside's subsequent service was
in Kentucky and Tennessee, where he pressed
to Knoxville. resisting the siege of Longstreet;
in North Carolina, where he acquired and
held the region from the Albemarle to the
Neuse, capturing the whole rebel army upon
Roanoke Island, and holding the enemy back
beyond the Chowan and Kinston, menacing all
the while the enemy's great lines of communi-
cation, and conducting campaigns of extraor-
dinary military vigor; incommand of the Army
of the Potomac, assuming which at Warrenton,
he moved to Falmouth, and there, confronting
Lee, initiated two attacks, both of which were
unsuccessful, but neither of which reflected
upon his character as a soldier; and last, as the
commander of a corps in the Army of the Po-
tomac in the greatest, as it was the concluding,
campaign of the war.
In all this great and various service he main-
tained as much if not more than any other man
the character of a patriotic, unselfish, gallant,
judicious, and modest soldier. Upon his char-
acter the Government has set its seal, for from
his successful campaign in North Carolina,
where he held a territory greater than that
of his own State, he was transferred to Ken-
tucky and Tennessee, and from Kentucky to
the higher command of the Army of the Po-
tomac. Resigning that, he joined in 1864, at
the head of a corps forty-five thousand strong,
that great army which first struck the enemy
at the Wilderness and ultimately encircled
Petersburg, and finally he entered Richmond
on the extreme risjht of Grant's line. With
all this, thus briefly recounted, the country is
familiar in detail. His name is not only famil-
iar in New England, but in the South and be-
yond the Alleghanies. where his columns pushed
the enemy, and where his kindness to the peo-
ple softened the rigor3 of war. He did not
retire from the service after the first disastrous
battle, nor is he now arraigning his old com-
mand at Bull Run for cowardice ; bat he stood
through, with unsheathed saber until thelast gun
was fired and until the flag again waved undis-
puted. Now the Governor of a State, he is not
filling the air with incoherent ravings over evils
which are imaginary, but stands among his
people in the quiet dignity of a Christian citi-
zen. I do not know that he parades his private
business in State papers. Perhaps he may not
employ ten thousand men, nor scheme to build
up his own business upon the ruin of his neigh-
bors' , but we know that the hearts of ten times
ten thousand men beat kindly and gratefully
toward him. Nature has not been niggardly
to him, but she has been generous, endowing
him with a full body and a great heart and a
comprehensive brain, so that if he indeed were
one of those nine days' heroes whose fame
rests upon a single exploit, he would not lose
his small reputation by an undue exhibition of
imbecility.
"Letug have peace," Stir not the green
mounds beneath which sleep the nation's dead!
Cherish those living who in the hour of their
country's need endured to the end! Emulate
what was right and cover with charity what
was remiss; for though no longer the eountry
seems to demand the sword, we do not know
when the nation may be again imperiled. For
purposes of military science we may discuss
the art of war, may compare the strategy of
campaigns, or may criticise the comparative
genius of commanders; but never again in this
Senate^ may the voice of detraction be raised
indiscriminately against the soldiers of the
nation.
If it may seem to some that I have in these
remarks stepped out of my own natural path
I ask Senators to recollect that it was this
Rhode Island soldier who first brought the flag
to the State which I in part represent, and that
his good name in part belongs to us.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, my early
association with General Burnside is sufficient
apology for speaking a few words. We were
born within a few miles of each other in the
State of Indiana, and for years lived in the
same town and were boyish friends and com-
panions. "The boy was father to the man."
As a boy he was distinguished for courage and
kindness, and was beloved by all his boyish
companions. From our town he went to West
Point, and I followed his career from West
Point into the Army with interest and affection.
From the battle of Bull Run, from his first
great triumph at Roanoke to his crowning vic-
tory at Knoxville, his career was distinguished
by courage, skill, patriotism, and humanity.
The bravest act, however, of his life was after
the battle of Fredericksburg. When the press
of the country was busy in showing that Gen-
eral Burnside was not responsible for that dis-
aster, was busy in laying the blame upon others
and showing that there had been sad blunder-
ing, if not treason, in his camp, he said to the
committee and to the world, "Theresponsibil-
ity is mine.'' When he spoke those words the
nation forgot the disaster, and he was at once
restored to the national heart and the national
confidence. Sir, the State of Indiana takes
pride in General Burnside, and high upon the
national roll of honor his name is inscribed to
be read with pleasure, affection, and admira
tion by all coming generations.
Mr. SPRAGUK. Mr. President, the use of
the shield to cover the iniquities of those I
have criticised falls dead with me. Whether
it does with this Senate or not let each one
determine for himself, and let the people of
Rhode -Island determine that question for
themselves when they read these remarks, as
they have read those I have made, and point,
as I have pointed behind the man that is here
exalted, to the real sore that is to-day destroy-
ing this country there and in every State of
this Union. I do not mean to level again at
that shield. Let it rest where it does. Let
Rhode Island people, as they have already
done, criticise as they know how to criticise
him whom yon have this day exalted. I leave
him and I leave the remarks that I have made
to go side by side with those which have been
uttered by the new Senator from North Caro-
lina, and by him from Nevada, who, in the
commencement of the remarks that he made,
ridiculed me and then defended himself. My
line of defense does not lead me there. My
line of attack is in the paper that I am about
to read.
Mr. President, by the opening of an ex-
ecutive session to enable the Senator from
Nevada, "to empty his defense" in the in-
terest of Brown & Ives, the Senate have
once again declared themselves on the side of
the monopolists and millionaires, and against
the truth and the people. A few days ago your
Presiding Officer, forced to the rescue of his
backers and owners, under the special plea of
privilege, which constitutionally belongs to a
member of this body alone, deemed it neces-
sary to make an issue of truth or falsehood
between a fellow-Senator, standing here under
the solemnities of his oath and protected bv
