1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
the panoply of his senatorial and constitutional
privileges, and certain u outside barbarians,"
no more entitled to privileged recognition on
this floor than the cut-throats and thieves who
daily infest the purlieus and slums of ourgreat
cities. "Why not raise a like question of privi-
lege in favor of the famous Commodore Van-
derbilt or the infamous Jim Fisk, jr. ? Which
of my fellow-Senators is retained to defend the
monopolists and these representatives of the
million dollars? Is there anything left in the
Constitution of our fathers that remains sacred
and against which you dare not raise your par-
ricidal hand? How are the mighty fallen!
How have a majority of the exalted Senators
ingloriously and shamefully demeaned and
belittled this heretofore august body. " Whom
the gods would destroy they first make mad."
Mr. President, in answer to the tirade of the
Senator from Nevada and the Senator from
North Carolina I am reminded of another
little illustration. In my travels from the cen-
ter here into the rural districts through the
woods and farms of the surrounding neighbor-
hood, chance at one time brought me to a
farmhouse. I discovered on looking up a large
mastiff and a mongrel puppy-dog. The little
dog moved on with rapidity from behind, bit
at my heel, and frightened at his temerity ran
howling and crying away, followed by his
larger companion.
The Senate will observe that the mongrel,
whining puppy, encouraged by the mastiff and
emboldened to make the attack from the
shadow of hisbacker, ranrapidly away alarmed
at his temerity, while the overgrown cur fol-
lows after, with ears lopped and tail between
his legs, to a place of safety beside his dimin-
ished companion.
Mr. President, this is no time for clownish
frivolity, or for such productions as have been
sent forth here to-day criticising my conduct.
A grand mistake has been made as to' my
positions on these great questions. I claim no
peculiar merit for myself; nor do I feel that I
am so much as a representative figure-head.
I am the mere agent and instrument of an
overruling divine Providence, and am but fol-
lowing out His direction to head up and help
forward a great and glorious work of progress
and reform.
It is due to the people of the United States
as well as those of Rhode Island that I should
give the reason for stepping out of my way
apparently to antagonize my views with those
or the million dollars, and great family there.
Let me say here that it is but an incident of
my great purpose and of my great work. With
this secret enemy at my own home, embar-
rassments would have followed my every step
forward. It was thus throughout the war. I
was compelled to turn homeward to settle dis-
turbances created by this secret enemy. The
very atmosphere became tainted by their
malice, and it entered into my every fiber the
moment I stepped foot on the soil of my native
State. was always thus at work. I could
not, therefore, hope to be of any service to the
people of the United States until I had uncov-
ered my enemy, and thus exposed his rotten-
ness to the sight and to the reflection of a
thenceforth disgusted people.
Mr. President, it is not my fault or the fault
of the people that the would-be senatorial
leaders and guides are not up to the occasion
and the requirements of the times. As a matter
of course, i must expect to be ridiculed, reviled,
and persecuted—to be regarded as alternately
drunk and crazy. Yet I do assure the Senate,
as did Paul before*Agrippa, that I but speak
forth the words of truth and soberness. I do
declare that if I be either drunk or crazy, or
both, there is back and behind me a multi-
tude that no man can number equally intoxi-
cated and equally insane. My further answer
shall be drawn from a few of thousands of
letters received. These letters as presented
are open for the inspection of the Senate. I
will not, as a rule, disclose the names of the
writers, although occasionally I shall take the
responsibility of reading a name.
The first letter I shall read is from Henry
Brooks Adams, sonof Charles Francis Adams,
late minister from the United States to the
Court of St. James:
No, 15$ Gr Street,
Washington, February 25, ]869.
My Dear Mr. Sprague: We were talking the
other evening about the effect of our financial system
on the different elements of income, and you were
kind enough to state to me what your experience had
shown you to be the tendency of our policy so far as
profits are concerned. I had not time to go into the
question with any precision, and I aoi enough inter-
ested in the subject to wish for all the information I
can get. If you are not too busy I should bo greatly
obliged if you would set down on paper for me the
facts on which you base your opinion ihat the general
rate of piofits has been diminished, for I find great
contradiction in authorities on the subject. The
return on capital invested in productive labor in the
last three yearsas compared with the return between
1850 and 1860, and the relative proportion of bud
debts made m business, are two points about which
I am very curious to get at the truth. Of course this
is only for my private satisfaction, and not for any
public use.
Another matter which seems to me far from clear
is the process bv which our currency acts on private
interests. Do you think that any direct influence on
prices is caused by the currency, or do producers and
dealers omit this clement entirely in their calcula-
tions? Importers on a large scale usually manage
to protect themselves from loss on this score, if they
do not always make it a source of profit. I would
like to know what are your ideas on this matter.
I do not want to annoy you with questions, or take
up your time with writing about points of theory for
my private satisfaction; but as I have undertaken
to write on these subjects myself I must try to cor-
rect my own conclusions by those of practical men
whose opinions are based on experience.
If you can spare me the timo for a reply I should
be much pleased; but iu any case 1 am, very truly,
yours,
HENRY BROOKS ADAMS.
The next is from Ohio, but I shall goon
and let the letters speak for themselves :
New Lexington, Pebry County, Ohio,
April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: I am just starting up the Republican
paper here, which has been languishing for years.
I have added new type, new lite and vigor, and very
largely increased the list. Now, sir, your speeches
have created a great stir here, although we have had
but a mere synopsis. I am called upon hourly for
"Sprague's great speeches," and I want them. You
have simply performed a miracle in turning as by
magic all hearts to you. I am astounded, for you
haveearriedthcpeoplc by storin. Do not understand
ior a moment that this excitement has influenced me.
I only give you what I see around me. Money is
terrifically scarce here. Four per cent, a month will
not bring it, because there is none, and somehow the
impression obtains that you have a plan of relief.
Announce yourself as the champion of your policy
and the people will carry you with a whirlwind of
triumph.
Excuse a stranger, and please forward your speeches
and greatly oblige, truly yours,
• T. MONTGOMERY,
Editor Perry Republican,
lately called Perry County Weekly.
Senator Sprague.
National Boaed or Teade,
Secbftast and Treasurer's Office..
Boston, March 27s 18(59.
Sir. As there is a general desire among the busi-
ness men of the country to read your specch upon
the evils attending the present organization of our
national and State Legislatures, I shall feel much
obliged if you will send me as many copies,of it in
print as you can. conveniently spare, promising that
it shall be circulated widely, and that it shall be
read attentively by those in whose interest it was
delivered.
I am, sir, your obediant servant.
HAMILTON A. HILL, Secretary,
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington.
Perc, Lasalle County, Illinois,
April 20,1869.
Sir: As your late speeches in the United States
Senate are attracting so much notice, I wish you, if
convenient, to send me copies of all your late
speeches, as the few extracts that I have seen stnke
me as having the ring of the right metal.
Yours, with great esteem,
JAMLs \ALtjrHN.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Proyidexck, March 29,1809.
t! Dear Sir: I have just read your spcech of Wednes-
,1 day, 24th instant, before the United States Senate,on
,1 the repeal of the tcnure-of-olfiee act, as published in
1 the Journal supplement of this morning. I have
,i also read a synopsis ot two other speeches made by
vousmcc the bill to repeal the teuuic-oi-office act
;l was*reported to the Senate, and nm very much pleased
i with the position you have taken and the manly
:! boldness wirh which you have sounded the alarm in
*! the very citadel of the nation.
!s You have thus brought prominently betore the
i< American people the great danger they are in ft the
.! present time, and the imbecility by lon-
i? iu this pi eat emergency.
There are vital points touched upon in each of those
speeches which ought to go before the whole people
of America, for in them you have struck a chord whieh
will'vibrate throughout the length and breadth &S
this country, and I hope and believe will produce anr
effect similar to that movement of yours in 18(51, wheu
the news came that Washington was in dahgor of
being captured by a rebel force.
At that time your example produced a greater in-
fluence^ upon officials and people of the different
States in arousing them to a sense of real danger
and the necessity of persona! sacrifices than the acts
of any other single individual in the United States,
not excepting President Lincoln.
It looks as though Providence may again choese
you to arouse the nation in a similar manner to show
the people the necessity of prompt action and per-
sonal and political sacrifices to put down the civil
revolution which has been going on for the last four
years, and is more alarming aud dangerous to our
liberties tban the open and hostile attacks of tho
avowed foe; for in that movement the whole people
couid understand the real purpose of the rebels; in
this movement the masses are deceived as to the real
object.
I saw a suggestion that your speech was to be pub-
lished m pamphlet form. Would it not be well to
embody thesubstance, at least, of the other two also?
But in whatever form it may be published I take this
opportunity to ask the favor of a few copies for dis -
tribution.
Thanking you for this noble effort touring the
Government back again to obedience to constitutional
law and honesty in public officials, and a higher tone
of morality throughout all departments of society*
I remain, as ever, your personal friend "and well-
wisher,
SAMUEL H. WALES.
Hon. William Sprague.
Pejlla, Indiana, April 30,1869.
Dear Sir: Having read and fully indorsing your
recent speeches in the Senate, I beg you to be pleased
to send me twenty copies for distribution.
Hoping you will relax no effort in tho noble causs
you have espoused, and will "stick to the work," i
am, yours, &c.  A. E. NOWLlSr.
Hon. William Sprague. Washington, D. C.
Boston, March 29, 186ft.
Dear Sir: I have read in the public print that
there is a prospect of the two speechesrecently made
by you in the United States Senate being published.
I sincerely hope so, for they have met with a more
universal indorsement by the business and practi-
cal men of this city than any speeches made far
many years. May 1 ask of you the favor, in case
they are printed, to Include my name among tho«o
anxious to see a full copy of two speeches with tht 
ring of true metal, and which will endear you to ail
right thinking men?
With great respect, yours, veg
97 State Street, iiostan-
Hon. William Sprague.
Cincinnati, April 20,1869.
Mr. William Sprague, United States Senate :
Will you be kmd enough to send me three or four
copies of your late speech ?
Very resoeofcfully, yours,
J. RALSTON SKINNF.K,
112 liroudway, Ctncninati.
Quidnice, Rhode Island, March 29,I860.
My True Friend: I have just read your speech
with much interest, and hope you will pardon me
lor troubling you with a few lines in stating to you
that no sueeeh has been generally spoken of so
much in this vicinity and given so much satistaelion.
All say it is the best of anything this winter. I truly
hope you may be able to carry out your plans and
soon have a goodly number of converts, ior now you
seemtostand alone. I really takecomiort in hear-
ing the people around hereeomcin evenings to trade
and speak in praise of our plucky Senator, &e.
Y0U1'S,trUlyi __ O.B. BOWES.
Office Tipton'. Indiaka, Times.
* Tipton, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: I would like a few copies of your
speeches. My subscribers want them. It is being
read with avidity. j. TUKPEX,
Editor Tipton Time*.
Hon. William Sprague.
Warwick Neck, Rhode Islvni>,
March, SO, 186y.
Dear Sir: I have read your speech in tho raited
States Senate of tho 10th instant, and am rejoiced to
find that the people have a Senator from this btiite
■ who has tho courage to speak and expose the proni-
! gate proceedings of Congress, composed as it is ot
! three fourths young lawyers, whose acts are to per-
petuate themselves in power regardless 01 the Lon-
1 stitution, which by their oaths they are bound to
support. Depriving the Executive or tae power
: necessary to enable him to execute Ue iaws, lor
; without the power of removal of unfaithiul agents
i the President cannot execute the laws whiloOon-
: « ress deprives him of tho power of removal, iba
' President is by his oath responsible to the country
: for the faithful execution of the laws, .and should not
i be deprived by an act of Congress of that power.
; Of the eonsti.ution of Cong-v^s, composed ot a
i inaiority ot %onng" lawyer*-, wlvj-.e odu'.'ati°n
