746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 22,
and practice as lawyers, for fees, encourages the
lobby-men, whisky rings, and speculators to peculate
upon the Treasury. By the influence of money they
Ind willing mem bers of Congress to aid them in their
designs. This should not be.
No lawyer should be elected to Congress by the
people until he has quit the practice of law as an
attorney.
Tb© remedy is in the hands of the people of this
country, and we cannot expect just laws until the
people elect upright, honorable men of age and ex-
perience to represent tbem.
As one of the people, I thank you for your courage
and boldness in the expos# made in your speech.
Yours, truly,
JOHN It. WATERMAN.
Uon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Dayton, Ohio, April 19,18(59.
Sir: Will you be so kind as to send me copies of
your recent speeches in the United States Senate? I
am a disabled soldier, and fought to sustain this Gov-
ernment in the ranks. I have seen extracts from
your speeches in some of thenewspapersonfilehere.
and your style suits me. You are the "coming man,"
the mau for the times.
There are nearly one thousand disabled soldiers
here.
If you see proper, please send some for distribution
to my address, and oblige, very respectfully,
H. H. McELHINNY, Notary Public,
National Military Asylum,
Montgomery County, Ohio,
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Rhode Inland.
The next letter I shall read is from 0. S.
Halsted, of New Jersey, commonly known as
"Pet. Halsted.'' J had not met him for years
prior to the 7th day of this present month. My
first acquaintance with him was early ir. the
war, when I consulted him on matters affecting
the interests of the whole country. I never
talked finance with him until after my speech
of April 8, when I compared notes and found
in conversation that his views aTnd mine very
neariy accorded. His position during the rebel-
lion was serving his country without reward or
position. His relations to President Lincoln
were more intimate than any member of the
Cabinet. His celebrated letter concerning Gen-
eral Kearny belongs to the country. He is also
a cordial supporter of President Grant. He,
on the whole, is one of the safest, most com-
prehensive, and intelligent men I ever met.
His real name is Oliver Spencer Halsted, jr.,
.••<>11 of Chancellor Halsted, of New Jersey, and
though well known in one sense, not at all
known or understood in another. Possessed
of two sides or natures—one frivolous, light-
hearted, open, agreeable, rollicking j the other
cautious, grave, considerate, comprehensive—
he is a man of intellect, with a mind broad,
clear, and deep. Thus much I deemed due
both to Mr. Halsted and myself at this time.
His letter is:
Newark, New Jersey, March 31,1809.
Dear Governor: I have heard much of late,
through the press and otherwise, of your extraordi-
nary speeches, seemingly delivered for the spccial
edification of the Senate, reallv for the instruction
and delectation of thep^ople. Forsome reason, best
known to themselves, the report of your efforts by
the papers has been most meager, accompanied with
nil manner of disparaging criticisms. The fullest
fpccimen of your last Hound in this morning's New
York Tunes, akocomments from its Washington
correspondent, vv hi'*h latter Undone. I wish, at your
earliest convenience, you would send me your several
last efforts, including the one wherein you—as Nye
says—piay the part of "Boanerges,"' and as a "son
oi thunder" hurl your special bolts at the so-called
congressional lawyers. Now, although a lawyer
myself, I am prepared to indorse a very liberal and
close criticism on that Ua^s of political, hybrid pet-
tifoggers, always so largely represented in our legis-
lative hails. You must have gone very far astray if
I do not say amen to all you have proclaimed in that
direction. You are certainly on the right track when,
from your elevated stand-point, with all those sur-
roundings wnich generally restrain it not intimidate
the sentinels upon the watch-towers, wbo should cry
aloud and sparo not, you dare to deal with public
men and measures so frankly, openly, and boldly.
As far as I can yet see, like Paul of old, you but speak
forth the words of truth and soberness, and from all
those who are neither hide-bound partisans nor in-
terested participants in the corruptions, conspiracies,
and base practices you expose and criticise, will
receive your due meed of praise and applause.
"Let the galled jade wince, our withers are un-
wrung/'
As we have gone the road together before, when it
waj very du-Uy traveling, and lew to join us on the
start, though multitudes flocked lound us at the
c.lose, I may be presumed to know something of the
uli you are made of, and therefore do not deem it
iiocc^siuy V> say much by way of approbation or en-
couragement, satisfied you will prove g.imo and a
ctayer.and fi?ht it out on your line if it takes all
your senatorial term. Of one thing rest assured, my
confidence is such that I shall go it blind with you
for a goodly distance, satisfied from your text and
my past experience that we will not befar apart in the
long run.
As to one of your main propositions, by which you
would have the Government loan the people their
credit and money, a New Yorkfriend of mine who is
as sharp as they make them elaborated that idea to
me some time ago, and put it so forcibly to a prom-
inent hnancier of Gotham that he requested it for
publication. I will try and send you his brief. So
yon see you are not altogether alone in your glory,
although some wise nincompoops have endeavored
to ridicule and make game of your notion.
Just before Butler's speech on finance I also had
occasion, in answer to a circular of the Union labor
men, to sketch at length my notions on many of the
topics to which you lefer, and find we will not differ
widely, as I now understand you.
I regretted Icould notsee you when last in Wash-
: ington to compare notes, &c. Will make it a point
I to call when I next find myself in that national sink
! of deception and corruption.
Hold fast to that which is good, and lay on Mac-
j duff, without fear or favor, whenever occasion
i requires.
i Truly, your friend, PET. HALSTED.
Hon. William Sprague, United Stites Senate.
The next is:
New York, March 31,1869.
Sir: Not having had the pleasure of meeting you
but once, (when major general during the war,)
you may think this a liberty; but observing that in
consequence of your late speeches you are in re-
ception of insulting letters, I thought perhaps one
of a different kind might not be amiss. Nothing
tends so much to the present disorder in the public
mind as the failure of rich capitalists to alleviate the
hardships of returned volunteers. The veterans are
patient and silent now as formerly valiant, but they
feel injured and reckless. Their faith in human
goodness, particularly American human goodness, is
destroyed; they feel that there is less sympathy be-
tween two classes in America than between thointer-
ests of brave hearts, public-spirited generosity, of
life-limb,in aforeigncountry and themselves in this.
They are silent, moreover, because rich, pious, cow-
ardly Pharisees have the control in the main (some
exceptions like yourself) and any attempt to set forth
their grievances in private life is met by lies, charg-
ing those public-spirited heroes with drunkenness or
debauchery, or if all that tails before the crystal
purity of a dignified life, then with being out of their
wits, or inefficient, and so on. You are right in be-
lieving public spirit cannot continue under the pres-
ent controlling influences of public and social life.
Your orations remind mc of those of the Roman
orators in the dark duy3 of their emperors.
I believe, however, th«t the public is capable of
being aroused now as not then.
Your obedient servant,
WILLIAM BARNEY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Ohio University, Athens, Ohio,
April 20, 1869
Dear Sir; The students of this University think j
that your speech is just the thing tor that corrupt !
Senate. Our wishes are that you will continue in the
work. Public opinion is on your side.
Please send ten copios and oblige your humble
servant,
T. S. HUGHES, Jr.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 1869.
My Dear Governor: Your plain talk in the Sen-
ate is spreading all over the country like a prairie
fire. Everywhere it is tho subject of conversation,
il and I am asked on all sides for a copy of last week's
!| speech. Keep cool, husband your resources, take
j! good care of your health, and do not let up an iota
!! till you have spoken every wholesome truth that
i! comes up in your mind begging to be told. The
j experience of every day and one's knowledge of
i! the inner workings of trade, manufactures, andcom-
!| merce, prove that you are painting the portrait true
to life. Every man who owns himself admires that
j' single, solitary Republican vote against the compro-
i! mioe on the tenure-of-oliice act. Both the Evening |
jj Post and Times spurn the result of the conference, j
i1 and it is hoped that Grant will veto the bill. Dare j
\\ he do it? Dare any man in Washington be a tree- i
;! man?. |
j! Let your motto be in the noblest of causes, " To j
j; dare, to dare again, and Mill to dare." No higher i
jj inspiration than that when the great industrial in- j
I; terests ot one's country are at stake with which are 1
ij so intimately woven liberty itself. j
Il Ever yours, most sincerely,
:j JOHN H. WYMAN. j
Governor William Sprague, Wo.shinuton. ;
'1 Cedar Bluff, Iowa, April 3,1869. !
li My Dear Sir: I am an old farmer, sixty-seven
[ years old, had little to do with Government affairs, !
; i but long an observer of them, and notice in your '
ij speech recently in the Senate on the tenure-of-office :
ij bill you say the affairs of Congress are being mis- ;
managed by lawyers. You had ieltdeeply inteiested ■
in tnc success of the Republican party and harmony •
not restored, and nojusticelor the poor man or pro-
tection for liberty in this boasted land of freedom. |
Agriculture depressed, and our legislation and ad-
! ministration shaped to speculate on every industrial |
interest in the country, and gieatest abuse, our finan- 1
cial system, moral condition bad, &c. I have acted
with you in said party, and feel with you in our pres-
ent condition of our Government, both State and
national, since the war, and your remarks in time and
place whether it suits thelobbyists or not, and I believe
seven tenths of the producing classes leel with you,
and it does seem to me that vigorous action on your
suggestion isimportant, and would inquire if the pres-
ent political parties, rings, and those in office likely
to reform, would there not be more hope in a new
political party with the pure principles of our patri-
otic forefathers as embodied in the bill of rights in
the constitutions of Virginia, Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, and Vermont, namely, honest, capable,
temperate, and prudent officers only eligible or per-
mitted, and command seven tenths the vote of the
producing classes now, against special legislation for
the tew. Old political issues obsolete, letus clear the
stable with new and pure ones. lam sure the people
are ripe and right, and would go their length for
equal rights to all men, and governments for and by
tho consent of the governed. And I would inquire
arc not our finances created by the people's agents
for themselves, and not for Shylocks and who get it
from their Treasury, and between it and themselves,
and cripples every industrial pursuit. Agriculture
should be stimulated, from the germ to the harvest
of the crops, as also other industrial pursuits, with-
out supporting idlers between them and the Treas-
ury. I have seen the end of two United States banks
in this Government, and their effects politically, and
view the present the most dangerous to our liberties,
and the sooner it is out of the control of Shylocks
(who will control Congress) the better. Aspirants
tor office we have a surplus, and for legitimate busi-
ness wanting.
Yours, truly, ROBERT GOWER.
Governor Sprague.
1803 Pink Street,
Philadelphia, April 4,1869.
Dear Sir: I beg to acknowledge your note of last
week promising me a copy of your late speech. Sine©
then a congressional friend has sent me aGlobe con-
taining it, and I have been so pleased with the com-
mon-sense view it takes that if you will kindly let
me know the name of the publisher I would like
extremely to purchase from him a largo number of
eopiesfor distribution among my personal and jour-
nalistic friends as soon as it appears in pamphlet. I
have already reprinted portions of it in the paper.
I see you spoke again yesterday. If it is not asking
you too much, will you send ine a Globe containing
the remarks ?
Yours, &c., LEWIS ASHMEAD.
Hon. William Sprague.
Stoughton, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: I have the honor of representing some
eight hundred workingmen, known as the St. Crispin
Association, wishing that your speech on the labor
question might be read in our society, and therefore
btg leave to ask you to send to my address a tew
copies of your speech on the subject of workingmen
in this country. Respectfully submitted.
Yours, &c., A. A. LEACH,
Box 201 Sioughton, Massachusetts.
Hon. William Sprague.
Portland, Maine, April 6,1869.
Dear Sir: Since I last took the liberty to ask for
your speech I have met many of my business friends,
and all are anxious to get hold of it in full. All we
have had, of course, are extracts, I think you have
struck the key-note. The Republican party here
has been managed by a lew men. " Soldiers of for-
tune," who have taken advantage oT the exigencies
of the few past years, that has made a great and
strongparty, to hold the lash over every member that
dared to raise his voice against their dictation, and
nearly all the party organs under the influence of
these same men, are raising the cry of "mad dog"
all over the country against every man that dares
step out of the line and say tho Government of this
country has got to come to a practical issue. These
fellows have been brought to the surface almost to a
man during the excitement of the last eight years,
and while liieque&tionwiththepractical andpatnotic
part ot the country was "how shall we save it?"
they were engineering themselves to the tront as
leaders at home and fattening on the spoils.^ And
now, when the same practical men have had time to
take into consideration the actual state that the
country is left in and give their opinion what ought
and must be done to give it the right start for a pros-
perous course, the whole pack of tricksters "yelp
and bay." They feel the ground slipping from under
them. The truth is. the people are beginning to think
this matter over.
A practical illustration is better than pages of sen-
timent. Take my own city in its last local election.
We have a set ot men here, (a type of such all over
the country,) non-produceis, gruos, hanging on the
body-politic, paying hardly a dollar to support State
or nation, nothing to do but fix up party machinery
to grind them out a living. What did the best por-
tion ot the Republican party do but just lay back
and let the Democracy whip them out of their ooots,
and this in the lace of a clear Republican majority
of one thousand in this city. I have been with and
talked this matter over with business Republicans.
They say they will not submit longer to the dictation
ot men that in their business they would not trust
with a dollar. Tho old cry of the "war" and tho
"soldiers" is played out. We rejoice ^t the result
aud honor the actors, but there is something else to
do now besides keeping up a mimic play. 13ul enough.
I commenced this to a«k you to sond mcagoodly
number of your speeches, and I will see that they
have vi good cirrul&tiou. It only r<-nmns to rujy that
