1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
I iimn Republican—one from the first; nosore-head;
no officc-sccker; and only desire to so© business as
fyefore the War, when from the profits of my business
i could add to my individual capital year by year,
adding my mite to the wealth of the whole eountry,
and n  t, as now, having it nearly all absorbed in
high cost of living—expensive waysof doing business.
Pardon my long effusion. I will not trouble you
nunc, only keep boringinto these corrupt, profligate
politicians, and let the "galled jade wince."
Truly, yours, J. H. HAMLEN.
Hon. William Sprague.
Providence, April 6,1869.
( Dear Governor: Governor Stevens writes me,
"Let me know when we can have the Governor's
tpeechcs, lor the call on me for them is almost uni-
veisal. Some of the strongest opposed to the Gov-
ernor hereto tore now say he is right, and I hear them
praising him as 1 puss along the street."
I wa« much interested in theremarksof the Wash-
ington paper you sent me, enlarging upon your views
on the finances. X took the paper to Bean, and as
the article was not long asked him to give it an in-
sertion. Alter looking it over he said it amounted
to about tho same thing as he has written, and he
declined to copy it.
Faithfully yours,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington.
Washington. April 10, 1869.
Dear Sir: The undersigned, who have been deeply
impressed with the positive effect produced on the
entire country by your reccntspeeches in theUnited
States Senate, are the natives of many States of the
Union; thfy, individually, and as the representatives
ot public sentiment, desire to have the wholesome
truths embodied in your recent senatorial efforts
spread broadcast over the country; and therefore
take the liberty of asking you to indicate by what
means they can assist you in the dissemination
amojjg the people of the sound principles inculcated
by your speeches.
Very truly, yours, &c.,
CHARLES STANFORD,
Neto York State Senator.
J. C. DAYTON.
JOHN C. ELLIS,
President ^chined ady Locomotive Works.
GEORGE A. DENNISION,
G. N. TIMBERMAN,
Schenectadyi Nexo York.
L. B. HALSEY,
NeioOurgh, New York.
CHARLES R. CORNWELL,
New Jersey.
A reply will be appreciated by your correspond-
ents, and as they are about to separate and proceed
to their various homes, designate the undersigned
as the gentleman to receive any communication on
the subject.
CHARLES R. CORNWELL,
Newark, New Jersey.
Hon. William Sprague.
United States Senator, Washington, D. C.
Newark, Netv Jersey,
April 15,1609.
Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your speech.
I hope you will continue in your good work of
exposing the corruptions of the party in power and
those who have had control of the Government for
the last eight years. We can stand fair taxation,
but ling thievings and peculations in office such as
have marked the era referred to, unless checked by
efforts of feuch brave men as yourself in exposing
them to the people and through the latter working
a wholesome reform, will bring us soon as a Govern-
ment to bankruptcy.
When the war broko out in 1861Iabandonedparty
for country and have voted as I fought during the
war, and claim the right as do you to point out the
laults, follies, and worbe-rfrauds of the party with
which politically I am^in harmony, and demand
leiorm. Success to you.
Respectfully, GEORGE B. HALSTED.
'* Honesty and economy"—the latter can only fol-
low through the former—can save the credit and
character of the nation. H.
Senator Sprague, of Rhode. Island.
Bajtgor, Maine, April 12,1869.
Sir: The people are reading your recent speeches
with interest and attention.
The point you make, that the financial policy of
the Government has so raised the rates at which
money can be hired as to break down business and
to be constantly transferrins all the wealth of the
country to usurers, turns upon a plain matter of fact.
The enormous dividends of the bondholders and of
the national banks are wrung out of the heard earn-
ings of poorly paid labor. Everybody sees it. and
nobody more plainly than the debauched majority
ot the late Congress, who, so far as they had any
power, added &>00,000.0u0 to the national debt by
declaring it to be payable in gold when it was con-
tracted in paper. The money power may be as suc-
cessful in dcbauchmg the people, but I doubt it.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M.WESTON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Provipkncb, April 13,1809.
Dear Sir: I thank God there is one man who
dares to tell the truth on tho floor of the United
States Senato. X think your friend Wilson will not
find things as prosperous as he expects when he
returns to Massachusetts. One year ago Iwas urged
to go into business by three wholesale and import-
ing houses in Boston with the assurance that X could
have all the help I wanted. I started a store, and
for six months had all the help I wanted: then the
material aid come slow, and to-day all three are in
the baukrupt court, which will strand me,as itwith-
draws all aid, and I have not one dollar of my own}
.and this ig only one in a hundred cases which cotfld
be mentioned. You have told more truth in your
short speeches than has been told in the Senate, all
put together, in the last seven years ; and if it does
not make you President the people ought to suffer.
Please excuse me for writing you, but I could not
let this occasion pass without my testimony to your
manly course. Please let me have some of your
speeches, when ready, for circulation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
MARVIN CAREY.
Hon. William Sprague,
Senator from Rhode Island, Washington, D. C.
Providence, April U, 1869.
Sir: I trust, you will pardon the intrusion of one
of your constituents upon yourattesklon. I do so for
the purpose of congratulating you upon the stand you
have at last been compelled to take with regard to
the Journal and the influence that sustains it in this
community. Since 1860 it has been a constant matter
of surprise to those who organized the Republican
party in this State to find you so long retaining any-
thing like amicable relations with the Providence
Journal, and the social, material, and political influ-
ences that surround it.
It has been a " upas" to the Republican party in
this State.
When organizing the party in this State from no
quarter did the Republican sentiment of this State
receive more opposition than from the Providence
Journal. The great tidal wave of the party of free-
dom in 1856 forced it to take a position in line with
the Republican platform and party. It was dragged
to its position by the great upheaval of political par-
ties and sentiment in the North, yet, acting with the
Republican party from that time it never was of
that party, only so far as to control the party in its
nominations and offices.
No pronounced Republican, unless a willing tool
of the ** Journal clique," has ever beon able, since
the organization of tho party, to be elccted to any
prominent position in the State or to Congress with
the exception of yourself.
The people of this State are not in ignorance of
these matters or the nature of the influence in this
State that you are now contending with. The true
Republican sentiment ofthe people will sustain you
in your present position, for your fight is their fiaht,
and they owe you a debt of gratitude for taking the
initiative in this contest. No man of independent
thought and expression can come to tho political
surface in this State unless he bend the pliant hinges
of the knee to the Providence Journal and its con-
trolling clique I It has never had a pulsation in
behalf of the people or been their exponent, except
so far as to use them, and foist, through their influ-
ence, its willing creatures to power and place.
As an individual and a citizen of the State I am
grateful to you lor the terse and vigorous expression
of your views on national affairs. Unless a reaction
soon takes placel tremble for the future of my coun-
try when I see with what "giant strides" legisla-
tion is tending to the centralization of wealth and
power to the control of the few.
With respect, JOHN A. S. HANNITY. j
Hon. William Sprague. ,
Philadelphia, April 15,1869. i
Dear Sir: I wrote you from New York on the
occasion of your first speech expressing my admira-
tion of your coursc and sentiments. The people at
large have since responded in a similar strain while
Senators who at first were disposed to scoff have
been forced to consider your speech more seriously.
I regret that you took occasion to introduce any per-
sonal matters or feuds into the Senate Chamber.
Your course is now so important to yourself, and
being so close'y scrutinized and criticised by the hon-
estpublic at large that no false stepsmust be taken.
The time is b^g with fate and about to give birth to
newleaders. You must be one. None but large ideas
in the practical working of which the people of the
country will bo interested and benefited should be
broached by you. If your enemies can make the
people believe that your course is in any sense a
selfish one your opportunity and influence for good
will be gone. There are many of us watching your
course most anxiously, and when the time cwnes we
will bo ready to back you up and lend our aid in an
efficient maimer. _ _ _
Yours, truly, E. \\. McCORMXCIv.
Hon. William Sprague.
Newark, N. J., April 16, 1§60.
Sir: I have seen in the newspapers incomplete
reports of recent speeches made by yourself in the
United States Senate, which I have read with much
iuterest,and as I am infonned they are published m
pamphlet I would feel under obligations to you if
li you would send me a few copies.
S I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,
■ | SAMUEL F. BIGiSLOW.
11 Hon. Mr. Sprague.
Boston, April 17, 1869.
Dear Sir: Allow me, a stianger, to say God bless
you for the courage aud moral heroism to ted the
truth. I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
and hope that I shall yet hare the i.    _
you by the hand as one of those noble men wlio c&rn
the gratitude of the nation. Go on, and fear not,
"Do right, and fear no evil." You have struejj£ tho
key-note of the nation's lite, to which it wiij respond
with perfect harmony. Once more, God bless yem
and keep you safe in the pathway you have struck
until a grateful people shall rise up and call you
blessed. There are but few men who fill life'sniche,
but in your case it will be oneot the few. "Immor-
tal, not born to die." Pardon me for thus writing
you. I have done only what to me was duty.
Respectfully, yours,
F. A. FOGG.
Hon. William Sprague;
Georgetown, D. C., April 16; 1869*
All hail to the true descendant of Roger Williams!
Like him you assert the truth, and deiy the bigoted,
bad men who threaten you with banishment from
their party. As he was taken by the hand and
treated in the kindest manner by "so-called" sav-
ages, (when banished by the pious Puritans, who had
themselves but a short while before, fled from perse-
cution tor opinion's sake,) so you will be supported
and upheld by the honest people of the country, not-
withstanding the sneers of the false hearted, rhetori-
cal " so-called " gentlemen, who make it a point to
sneer at and try to laugh dawn anything like hon-
esty, or any one who has the courage to show up their
rascality. You have tp.ken a stand that makes you
as far superior to the men who assail you as was the
great champion of civil and religious liberty to the
persecuted persecutors who banished him.
Hoping you may reap the reward of truth and hon-
esty, I am respectfully your
ARDENT ADMIRER.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
New York, April 16,188%
Dear Sir: I have read with great interest your
recent speeches delivered in the United St ites Sen-
ate. You have hit the nail on the head; keep strik-
ing it until you have driven it home, produced the
desired reforms, and saved your country irom tho
horrors of bankruptcy.
The people of the whole country will stand by you
and sustain you in these laudable efforts.
Please send me fifty copies of your speeches for
distribution.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. G. DUDLEY,
No. 76 Eant Fourth street, Nexo 1 ork City, N. Y.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 1^, 1869.
Dear Sir: I should feel that I was not doing my
duty should I fail to thank you, in the name of tho
downpressed classes of our suffering country, for
your efforts to awaken in the public mind an appre-
ciation of the dangers that surround us. In God's
name falter not, for every honest heart and every
laboring man who thinks, knows the dangers to
which you allude and of which you warn us. 1
believe God has raised you up to deliver us! Go on,
then, fearless, and you will have the heartfelt thanks
and earnest prayers and support of every true lover
of our common country.
Yours, very truly, C. J. B. WATERS,
of Waters & Son.
Senator Sprague.
Washington, April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: In the interest of a large number of
workingmen of this city my pen is used to request
copies of your late speeches. They have touched a
feeling within the hearts of many of the workingmen
around me. Often have I heard some of those who
labor near me say they would like to get copies of
your remarks lately made in the Senate Chamber.
I, like many others, have read the garbled and
one-sided as well as partial reports that have been
given to the public through the medium of the
•* press," but tho little X have obtained through that
source has only increased the desire for a more full
report of your late efforts in behalf of the laboring
millions of our land.
These few lines are written in obedience to- thc-
wishes of some of my fellow-laborers. We have
learned by the newspapers that you are having the
speeches printed for distribution. I am the recording
secretary for the trade society to which I belong, the
same trade at which your humble correspondenthas
delved for the past twenty years to earn my daily
i bread; therefore, if you can spare one hundred copies
| for me, it will be a pleasant duty to distribute thou*
! among the above number of workingmen. _
i Aslcame from New York city some nine years
! since, and have many acquaintances among the
i workingmen of that city and vicinity, I would like
: togetsomecopiesreadyformailingif youhavethem,.
X think eveiy man who earns his bread bythe sweat
i of the btow should read well and fully meditate upon
the subject-matter contained in your recent eflorts.
i I think there is a glimmering of light in whatyoa
| have said that may in the end be one of the instru-
ments in the hands of Divine Providence to solve
the troubles that exist at the present time between,
capital and labor. . .
If convenient, please send the speeches to my resi-
dence, No. 237 Fourth street west, between (x and H
stieets north. They will bccarefully read by me and
i also distributed to those who need or want them.
' Yours, respectfully, JOHN A. PERKINS,
i Hon. William Sprague. Senator.
