748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Sodth iScrrUATi', It. I., April 17,1869,
Dear Sir: I have the honor to inform you that I
am pleased with the coarse you are taking in the
United States Senate. It is a bold and fearless one,
and characteristic of your whole life. Go ahead-,
your friend? will sustain you. There has been need
of just such a man as you to stir up the people to a
sense of tlic dangers tbnt wo arc, as a nation, falling
into. I sav. no ahead. Please send me your speeches.
Yours, very truly, „. S. PATIEKSOI^.
Hon. William Sprague.
North Kingston, April 10,1869.
Senator: As a, young American and a citizen of
Rhode Island, I desire to express my thauks and
gratitude to you for your eminent and able speeches
recently delivered in the United States Senate in
behalf of the interests of the great mass of the people
of this country, and allow me to assure you that it
is with no small pride that I record these speeches as
coming from one of Rhode Island's sons and my own
brother. , _ _
I would thank you for a copy of many of them as
you have, or may have printed, for my own perusal,
and any othereopiesyou may be disposed to forward
me will be judiciously circulated among my own
townsmen.
Very reweetfuHy^ojm^ ^
of the firt>i of Allen <$5 Son,
105 South Water street. Providence, 11.I.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, 1). G.
Salmon Falls, New Hampshire, April 19, 1869.
Honorable Sir: A workingman desires a copy of
your late valuable speeche?, and as he cannot expect
anything from our delegation in Congress, takes the
liberty to beg of you a copy of the Agricultural Re-
port for 1867: and believe him forever your admirer
and obedient, humble servant,
J, W. LPHAM,
Salmon Falls, xfew Hampshire.
Hon. William Sprague, .
United Mates Senate, Washington, 1). C.
Harvard Law School,
Cambridge, Massachusetts,
April 19,1S69.
Dear Sir: If not of too great inconvenience to
you, I should like six copies of your recent speech,
one for myself and the rest for as many immediate
friends, who have solicited me to make the present
request.
Your humble constituent,
EDWARD C. AMES,
Providence, Rhode Island
lion. William sprague.
East Stoughtox, April 19, 1869.
Sir; I am instructed by a unanimous vote of
Lodge No. 41 K. 0. S. C. to write to you for one huu-
dred copies of your speech, lately delivered in the
Senate Chamber, for the use of our lodge, and also
to congiatuUte you on the able manner in which it
was delivered. The order of the Knights of Saint
Crispin, 1 presume, is not unknown to you, and it
numbeis at tbe present time about twenty-eight thou-
sand 112 this Stale, andlcan assure you, sir, that their
power will soon be felt in the political held, as the
laboring class throughout the country is getting
waked up to a sense of their duty.
Hoping, ?ii, thai} ou will be kind enough to com-
ply with 011 r request, I have the honor to be, yours,
very respectfully, BERXARD ROLA1T,
Corresponding Secretary Lodge jYo. 41, K. O. S. C.,
Bast Stvughton, Massachusetts.
Hon. William Spi'ague.
New York, April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: Pleas© favor me with a copy of your
most admirable speech on the condition of the coun-
try. You hiivo withoat doubt struck the key-note
of all our present and prospective troubles, espe-
cially when you refer to the dangers to be apprehended
from a combination of capital against labor and
commerce, such as we see in New York to-day, the
banks lending themselves and their money to cliques
who are manipulating thestock maiketand destroy-
ing, regaidless of consequences, every other interest
of the country. Something must be done to prevent
this btate of things or we will have a moneyed power
combining and controlling the country and destroy-
ing all hopes of republicanism.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours.
C, McUIVERN.
Care Efoyt & Gardner, box 1039, J\ew York.
Hon. William Sprague.
48 Pise Stbeet, New York,
March 27,1869.
Dear Sir: I hope you will have your recent
speeches in the Senate published in pamphlet form
and widely circulated. Several gentlemen have
mentioned a desire to have copies. The weakness
of tho present Congress grows out of the fact of hav-
ing a large number of pettifogging lawyers as mem-
beis—mousingowls in eagles' places. They may not
lelish the home truths you have uttered, but the
sooner they are displaced for statesmen the better
will it bo lor our common country. Please send me
anumber of copies. I shall take great pleasure in
circulating them.
With sentiments of high esteem, your most obe-
dient servant,  
JAMES LANGDON CURTIS.
Hon. William Sprague,
United hottt'9 Senator, Washington, D. C.
Newport, Rhode Island,
April 1,1869.
Pear Sir: Your friends think you are doing a
good work.
Oblige me with your speech or speeches when
printed, which they should be, and I will take it as
a great favor.
With'respect, faithfully, ^ pELL_
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, March 26,1869.
Please send me a verbatim copy of your late
speeches for publishing m my paper, the "Metro-
politan Record."
JOHN MULLALY, Editor.
Senator Sprague.
Worcester, Massachusetts, April 9,1869.
Dear Sir: I cannot suppress an impulse to thank
you for recent brave and timely utterances in the
Senate. It is nearly two years since the National
Labor Union, in its platform of principles adopted
at Chicago, announced the groat truth which you
have been inspired to proclaim to the whole Ameri-
can people, namely, that the rates of interest must
be reduced and capital economized so as to serve
legitimate enterprise in production and exchange
instead of as now nourishing the plundering instincts
of a moneyed aristocracy in endless schemes of mo-
nopoly and speculation.
Whatever time-serving and subsidized Senators
may have said in reply, be assured that not only the
working people of Rhode Island, but of Massachu-
setts, of New England, and the nation universally,
could they speak, would heartily indorse your manly
rebuke of a policy which, deranging and defrauding
agriculture, manufactures, and commerce, takes the
bread from millions of tables in these States.
With sincere hopes that you will fight out the bat-
tle of labor on this line, respectfully, yours, truly,
E.H. HEYWOOD,
President JSYcw England Labor Reform, League.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Commonwealth or Massachusetts,
House op Representatives,
Boston, March 22,1S69.
Dear Sir: If it is true that you have been pitch-
ing into the lawyers pray send me a copy of your
speech. Have a large edition printed; nothing is so
much needed as lav? reform.
Your?, truly, W. S. ROBINSON,
Warrington," Boston correspondent Springfield
Republican.)
Bostox, March 23,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to forward
me one or more copies of your two recent speeches
in the Senate ?
Those bold and timely utterances have arrested tho
attention of the people, and they deserve a wide
circulation. _ ,,r
With respect, yours, &c„ 1. W. HAIDER,
90 Devonshire street, Boston.
Senator Sprague.
72 Broad Street,
Boston, Massachusetts, March 25, 1869. ,
Dear Sir: We have cut the inclosed from the
Journal of Commerce, of New York, and inclose it
to you to show you that your efforts are as fully
appreciated by the mercantile press as well as by the
mercantile community. Continue on and you will
have the satisfaction that you can know that the
business community have at last found a champion;
and, as the writer remarked at our interview in the
ante-room of the Senate, if we go down our Hag will
still be flying.
Your friends and servants,
H. S. HANNIS & CO.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Providence, March 25, 1809.
Dear Sir: If I know anything about the institu-
tions of the country, I know you are right about the
tenure-of-ofiice act; but what I wish especially to
thank you lor is the expression of your views in
regard to the undueinfluence upon legislation of one-
Glass of men. Tho laugh you speak of passes off with
the air at the instant, but your great idea and bold
avowal arid strong enforcement of ic must make an
enduring impression.
Very respectfully and truly, yours,
JOSEPH M. BLAKE.
Governor Sprague.
Providence, March 26,1869.
Sir: I can hardly judge how you will receive a
note from me, as our political intercourse has not
been of late years very harmonious or sympathetic.
But I cannot refrain from thanking you for your
recent bold denunciation of the character of the
legislation and poricy of the majorities in Congress.
Your views of the situation^ fairly presented as
they were, "may make the unskillful laugh, but can-
not but make the judicious grieve." The speeches
do not, of course, suit the Radical element here,
whieh would cheer over any measure indorsed in
caucus, though it might be fraught with destruction
to the vital mtore&ts ot the country, while conserva-
tive measures not so indorsed would be received
with scoff and jeer. It is a long time since a truth-
ful picture of inattershas reached the people, for the
portrayals of themen who have composed the minor-
ities in Congress have been smothered by the tele-
graph or damaged by accompanying comments of a
Radical press, which had only to attribute them to
"traitors or rebels" and thc>y "died and made no
sign." Your conception of things as they exist, and
your fearless utterances concerning them, may not
meet with an immediate approval by politician?,
but wherever they reach cannot but lend to inquiry
and investigation as to whether these things are so.
The candid conclusions of thinking men will be alJ,
in my judgment, that youneed require in the future
to satisfy you that jour appeal to Congress was not
made a moment too soon. It is to bo hoped that at
some time not far distant the conservative strength
oi the country may be concentrated and emancipated,
as it were, for it is yet in a groat degree in bondage
and under the terror of the lash of party. How or
when it is to be done 1 do not at this moment see.
but if it is not hastened by such efforts as yours I
have failed to study aright the tendencies of the
people to heed truthful warnings made only to pro-
mote their welfare.
Again thanking you, I am, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
ALBERT S. GALLUP.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, 1). C.
Boston, Massachusetts, March 27,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me a eopy of
your speech of last week, and oblige your obedient
servant,
JOSEPH C. RILEY,
Box 378, Boston Post Office.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator from Rhode Island.
Natick, March 28,1869.
Dear Sir: I have read your remarks on tho repeal
of the tenure-of-office bill with a good deal of satis-
faction. I like your independence and pluck. The
country demands more such men in Congress.
Yours, truly,
WILLIAM M. SPINK.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
North Scituate, March 29,1869.
Dear Sir: Having seen that your speech is to be
published in pamphlet form I wish a copy to have it
bound with others that I have. Please send me the
same.
Fraternally, yours,
WILLIAM II. CHANDLER,
JSforth Scituate, Rh&de Island.
Hon. William Sprague.
Office of Lancaster Quilt Company,
Clinton, Massachusetts, March 29,1869.
Dear Sir: I wish you would send me your speech
when you get it printed I refer to the one where
you put it to the L. L. D's.
Yours, truly, H. N. OTTERS0N.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington.
Boston, Massachusetts, March 29,1869.
Sir: I have read with the most profound interest
and satisfaction your speech of last Thursday. If
printed for circuiation please send me a copy.
Yours, respectfully, a_ TILDENj
No. 1 Statestreet.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Boston, March 29,1859.
Sir: I have read with much interest such reports
as have come to hand of your speeches in the Senate
Chamber daring the last few days. I desire full
copies, and will esteem it a privilege if you will mail a
copy to my address.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, _ _ _ „
CHARLES 0. EATON,
123 Warren avenue.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, V. C 
Clstom-House, Boston, March 29, Ibo'J.
Sir: Will you please forward me a copy ot your
speech in the Senate last week, and oblige, yours,
tmly' BENJAMIN F. PKATT,
Late Bi eoet B> igadier General
United State* Volunteer.1.
Hon. William Sprague, .
United States Senate, Wasiungtoa, 1). i.
PROVIDENCE, March 30,
Dear Sir: I thought it my duty to inform you
how things are working. Everything is going on
well exeeafc the largo per cent, for money. _ Now, it
is cutting the very life out of all manufacturing busi-
ness. That, of course, you know; but I think we snail
see things different when the great masses .ot the
people get their ©yes open; and you are opening rhe
sleepy ones fast. You cannot think how your speech
has mixed both parties up. There is not more than
one in five hundred but what say you are right. But
they could not see it before you told them, ihen
they ail could see. I oan assure you there was 110
one more pleased than myself to have this large
light set burning by you, and all I hope is, you will
have your health to go on; you have all the rest
and the confidence of the* people.
1. 11. r^.KKxiNo.
Hon. William Sprague.
