1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
right now to pass such a law, and it is due to the
trade, commerce, and laboring humanity every-
where to pass such a law at one^. This done, Sam-
son will be shorn of his locks. Thi3 is the great
issue that should be immediately made with the
Sbylocks of the land, and the sooner this issue is
joined the better for the morals and industry of the
nation. Most cordially from the depths of, as I
humbly trust, as true and patriotic heart as tbrobs
in the breast of any man in the land X thank you
most profoundly; I thank you for your late speeches,
and this proves that you will have more yet to say
touching this matter.
Believe me, truly, your well-wisher,
tt wu- c D. P. CALDWELL.
Hon. William Sprague.
If your speeches are published in pamphlet form
I would be pleased if you would trouble yourself to
send me a copy or two. I am a lawyer, and, as far
as my information in this State, the lawyers of the
highest standing are all with you in the South and
will lend you willing and unfailing aid in contribut-
ing all the influence they possess to insure a speedy
cleansing of the Augean stables. I). F. C.
Fulton-, N. Y.. April 3,1869.
Senator Sprague; "Will jou favor me with a copy
of your late speech?
Respectfully, yours, C. S. RUST.
Bridgeton, New Jersey, Aprili, 1869.
My Dear Sir: X have read extracts from your
speech upon the state of the country, and am pro-
foundly struck with the justness of theviews therein
expressed. I only wish that it could reach every
person in the land, so that each one could see for
himself the abyss upon which we are standing. If
there is not a remedy applied soon the country will
sink under its immense burden in a short time.
The great object of the wealthy now is to count
their money by the million regardless how they get
it. What care they how much the laboring classes
suffer, only so that they can roll in luxury? Public
as well as private virtue is now at a very low ebb;
stealing now is the game, and he who does the most
at it is considered the best fellow; the person who does
the most at it is considered successful; everything is
forgiven except poveity, and this ic a crime unpar-
donable.
How has the Government kept its faith with the
soldiers? You see them wandering around begging
for employment to keep their families from starva-
tion, while those who would not go to defend their
country are put in the fat offices. If there should
come another war soldiers would not be so plenty.
I, for one, left my business, (that of civil engineer,)
shouldered my musket and went. (I would notaccept
an office;) I lost my situation and am called a fool
for my pains. I asked a president of a railroad for
employment upon a road a short time since; Istated
the circumstances; he told me with a sneer that I
ought to have kept my situation while I had it.
He is one of the sharp ones who has mademoney out
of my and others' sufferings; and now. Senator,
I and my poor family are suffering the stings of pov-
erty. I have never asked for an office, but if I can
work at my business I would be satisfied. I thought
that you with your influence may help me to get
employment upon some work on the southern or
western roads, and help one vfho aided his country
in the time of need.
Excuse this personal allusion to myself. I would
be obl'ged if you would send me your speech: I
would like to see this a£Uu ventilated.
Sincerely, yours, JAMES NORTON.
IL'ii. William Sprague.
Brooklyn, April b, 13G9.
Dear Sir: Will you please favor me by sending me
a copy of your speech in the United States Senate on
the tenure-ot-oifiue act. By sending the desired
speech you will confer alasring favor on your obedient
servant, MYLES L. N. MYERS.
1131 Fulton avenue, Drooklyn, i\ew York.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Rhode Island.
Baltimore, Maryland, April 2,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me two copies of
your speech delivered in the United States Senate on
the 2-kh ultimo. ^
Respectfully, &g., o . R. SAWDER,
169 West Baltimore street.
Hon. Mr. Sprague.
Washington, D. C., April 5,1869.
Doar Sir: Will you be so kind as to forward to my
address as below a copy of your sevoral speeches as
delivered recently in theSenateof theUnited States.
I am sir, your obedient servant,
J. 0. McCLELLA!N,
,114 Matreet,between Ninth and Tenth, Waihinoton,D.C.
Senator Sprague.
AVashixgtos, jD. C., April 3,1869.
Sir: Please let me have <iT.few copies of your
speeches, when priotej, for Virginia. j
Respectfully, WILLIAM JAMES, j
iVb. 330 H street, Washington, D. C. ;
Senator Sprague. j
Baltimore, April 5,1869. ,
DcarSir: Ilnvingreadsomeportions ofyourspeech j
delivered in the Senate of (he United States March
24,1869, and being that I could only get some portion
of it in the newspapers, X take the liberty of writing
you for the purpose of requesting you to send me a
couple of the copies of it. I am much pleased with
what I have been fortunate enough to get, and if
you will comply with my request you will confer a
favor on your obedient servant,
J. a. CULBERTSON.
Please direct to care of L. McMurray & Co., No.
2-3-1 west Biddle street, Baltimore, Maryland.
2 Union Park, Boston, April 5,1869.
Sir: The reading of your speech in the Senate on
Saturday leads me to infer that you will be pleased
to have your speeches of recent date read by all who
may desire so to do. Hence I beg the favor of a copy
of the same, if agreeable to you.
Very respectfully, your",
BENJAMIN II. WEST, M. D.
Hon. Mr. Sprague.
Blackistone, Massachusetts, Aprils, 18§9.
Honorable Senator Sprague: I am a Providence
man, but I could not wait until the last of this week
before I wrote to you. Yourspeeches arestirring up
the people all over the country. They have the right
ring to them. Your ideas of finance are sound and
right. I hope you will go ahead and push them
through and have them adopted. Be firm as a rock
and stick to your tfext, and all obstacles wilj melt
away before you like the dew before the sun. 1 want
your speeches when you are prepared to lay them
before the people.
Yours, respectfully, A. S. GODDARD.
My address—Providence, Rhode Island, box 100.
Highland, Bradford County, Pennsylvania,
April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: I drop a brief note, in great haste, in
acknowledgment of your favor of the 1st. instant, for
which I am greatly obliged, and to ask you to forward
to me a full copy of the speech you delivered on the
tenure-of-office law. I have only seen part of it and
am quite anxious to sec the whole together; will
esteem it a favor.
With great respect, yours, «l*c.,
E. GWYER.
Hon. William Sprague.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., April b, 1869.
Sir: Will youplease.atyour earliest convenience,
send me several copies of'your several speeches for
distribution, and oblige, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
E. A. READ.
Of Third District, JVeio York.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
West River, Anne Arundel county, Maryland,
April 5, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have read with great pleasure, instruc-
tion, and satisfaction extracts from your speech on
the finances, and from your two speeches on the re-
peal of the tenurc-of-office law, but wish very much
to have them in full. As I suppose they will be
printed in pamphlet, you will greatly oblige me by
sending them to me when ready for publication.
It is a matter of great congratulation, in the midst
of the gloom with which we are&uriounded, that one
member of the Senate has the ability, manliness, and
independence to tell the truth to his countrymen.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE W. IIUGIIES.
Lx-Colonel United States Army, and ex-M. C.
Hon. Mr. Sprague, United State? Senate.
Morristown, New Jersey, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: Please oblige me by sending me copies
of such of your recent speeches as you have seen
proper to have primed.
Yours, &o.. FREDERICK A. BE MOTT.
Hon. William Sprague.
United States Consulatf.
Windsor Canada, April b, 1869.
Dear Sir: Presuming that you have had your late
speeches in rhe Senate, that have struck such a re-
sponsive chord in the public breast, published in
pamphlet form, I have to request that you will fur-
nish me with a copy. There are many things to re-
form in public matters be-fbre we can claim that the
North even is properly "reconstructed," and I am
most happy to see you as one of the young men of
the nation leading off in the right Aireehon regard-
less of present conseQuences. You will find the
heart of the nation with you, and you may bo as-
sured that the young men will "fall in" and heartily
join you in the reform that you contemplate. ;i
I am, yours, very truly. t
AiSDREW J. STEVENS, t
United State? Consul. \
Hon. William Sprague, in Senate, Washington, D. C, ■
Sharpsbubg, Washington county, Maryland, •;
April 5, lSGVi. I]
Sir : Will you be kind enough to send me as many ,1
of yourspeeches as you can conveniendy spare for j
the accommodation of your friends, say fifty, or ■
more if you can spare them, and otherspeeches you :
should make hereafter. TT-r>-r r  !
Yours, with respect, H. X. 11EBB. j
Hon. William Sprague, Senate Chamber, Washington.
Franklin, Pennsylvania, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your speech
delivered in the United States Senate a few days
since.
Yours, truly, C. C. COCHRAN.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Sen-xte, Washington, D. C.
Weston, Massachusetts, April 5,1869.
My Dear Sir: Will you have the kindness to send
me the printed speeches made by you in the Senate,
only a portion of which has been printed in our
papers. Not being one of the faithful,the Massa-
chusetts delegation overlookmemalisuchmatters.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. S. LAMSON.
Hon. William Sprague, M. C., Washington, J). (1
New York, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir : I have a desire to read the full speeches
of yours delivered inthe Senateof the United States
recently, extracts from which I have seen from time
to time in the papers. May I ask you to do me the
tavor to send them to me?
Yours, very tiuly,
THOMAS G. BROWN.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Cahbridgepobt, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: If not too much trouble, would you do
me the favor of sending me your speech delivered
in the Senate in March ?
Yours, with respect,
. MASON DAVIS,
'Cambridgeport, Massachusetts.
Hon. William Sprague.
Indianapolis, Indiana, April 6,1869.
Sir: Will you have the goodness to sendme a copy
of the speech made by yo\i on the 24th of March
last?
Respectfully, W. R. HENDERSON.
Senator Sprague, Washington city.
Baltimore, April 6,1869.
Sir: I would be glad to receive a copy of your late
speech.
Respectfully, C. W. FORD.
Hon. William Sprague.
St. Paul, April 6,1869.
Dear Sir; I will be greatly obliged if you will send
to the Minnesota Monthly, a copy of the last number
of which I mail to you, copies of all your speeches.
The noble stand you have taken against the official
corruptions of the age will be sustained by the Ameri-
can people. All that was needed to save the coun-
try from absolute ruin of public virtue was a voice to
utter the truth. That voice is yours.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
D. A. ROBERTSON.
Senator Sprague.
Nkw York, April 6,1869.
Sir: I note from the public prints that you intend
to publish your rcceut speeches for general circu-
lation.
I inclose a slip from the New York Journal of Com-
merce of this morning, which corresponds with my
own ideas in regard to the matter in question, and
would be much obliged if you would send me a few
copies to circulate among my friends.
Very respectfully, B. W. BULL.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, T). 0.
110 Broadway, New York, April 6,1869.
Will Senator Sprague oblige me by sending a copy
of his late speech or speeches before the Senate?
Very truly, WILLIAM H. FLAGG,
New York City, No. 1 Park Place,
April 0,1869.
Dear Sir: I hope you are not frightened by the
Radical comments on your course in the Senate.
Your speech has produced aprofound sensation, and
I hope it will be followed by earnest works.
It is time the country should realize how far we
have wandered from the path of simple, honest re-
publicanism.
Please let me know when you will be hero, so I
may not fail to see you.
Meantime do not forget to send me the speeches
as soon as they are ready. E. THAYER.
Hon. W. Sprague, United States Senator.
326 Broadway, New York, April6,1869.
Sir: You will oblige me by sending me a copy of
your speech delivered last week.
I remain yours, verv respectfully. T
JEREMIAH M. WARDWELL,
Hon. William Sprague. . . ,
United States Senate, Washington, V. t .
Walthast, Massachusetts, April 6,1S69.
Dear Sir: I take the liberty to request a copy of
vour la&t two speeches in the Senate of the United
States I have only been able to g«fc garbled extracts
from such papers as the Boston Journal and Daily
Advertiser, and of such I have no very exalted opin-
ion. I thank God for giving you courage to apeak
