1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
I shall be much gratified if you will send me your
Speeches as you deliver them, if you have them
painphletized.
Youis, truly, W. J. HILTON.
Hon. William Sprague.
"Wakei^ield, Rhode Island. April 8,1869.
Dear Sir : Please send me half a dozen of your
speeches, and oblige,
Mr. Sprague.
G. TV. SHELDON.
G-eneseo, Henry County, Illinois,
April, 8,1869.
My Dear Sir: I have before me garbled extracts
from your late speech in the Senate upon the neces-
sity of national political reform,and so tar a3 weare
able to judge from these scanty gleanings are most
happy to greet it as both truthful and timely formy-
selt and my neighbors. I may say also the mass of
American yeomanry, the great laboringinterests and
wealth producers of the country, we one and allthank
you most heartily for this bold and timely exposition
of the crushing influences under which we aresuffei -
ing and which is fraught with discouragement and
dispondency to every laboring man in the country.
Andrew Johnson at no period in the history of his
career lost confidence and hold upon the American
people more rapidly than Congress is now doing. The
truth is, as you so fully demonstrated, the great pre-
ponderance of lawyers in Congress, the consequence
of which is a constant controversy and antagonism
of sharp practice that would disgrace a justice court-
room in the most remote border State or Territory in
the country. The people have voted forGrant because
they thought him honest and incapable of being used
by designing men for special purposes, and we are
rallying our forces in every school district for the
purpose of sustaining him in every laudablo and
honest effort for the relief of the American people
from unequal and unjust legislation. The men who
brought Grant forward must not expect to use him
in the special interests of commerce and corporate
monopolies. The real wealth producers of thecoun-
try are awake and alive to their own interests and
just as determined to rid themselves of th s class
legislation and special privileged interests as they
■were to put down the rebellion. Congressshouldnot
be deceived. The newspaper press of the country
does not reflect the real current sentiment of the
people. It is, I am sorry and almost ashamed to say,
at work tor and in the interest of those who pay the
must at the time. The great mass of the people are
fast coming together and banding together from
necessity; indeed they see no cause of difference
politically; they need all aboutthc same line of policy,
and if called upon to vote to-day upon the question
ot the extension of the present financial and bank-
ing system and the continuation of the present rail-
road and other special corporate interests, the char-
acter ot Congress would be at once changed. The
truth is, the people have not a single Representative
in Congress that they can fully depend upon. Per-
haps I need to apologize, for my object was to ask
you to send me, if no more, one copy of yourrccent
speech in question. We think every voter in America
should have a copy of it.
Respectfully and truly, yours, M. KING.
Hon. William Sprague.
Amelia Court House, Virginia,
April 8,1869.
My Dear Sir: I would be very glad to have a copy
of your speech recently delivered in the Senate.
I am, with grout respect, your obedient servant, j
C. R. IRVING, M. D. j
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 9,1869.
Dear Sir: Please favor me with a copy of your
speech delivered in the United States Senate April
8; also the one delivered last week.
Yours, very respectfully, a. P. EDDY.
Care American Sexes Company, JVeio York City.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Washington City, D. C., April 9,1869.
My Dear Sir: Being most deeply interested in the
patriotic bland you have taken in the Senate on the
&ule of your country and countrymen, using your
high position aud efforts to warn them of their dan-
ger and pointing them to the road of sarety, and
desiring most profoundly that the people should be
aroused from mere party shackles to a true sense of
our condition, as it is at this moment, and second
your efforts to escape while it is possible from the
perils with which we are now surrounded as a na-
tion, I most respectfully solicit such a number of
vuur vpeeehs for circulation as you canwith conven-
ience .-pare me for that purpose. As one among many
i liou-ands of my fellow-countrymen who most grate-
fuliv thank you as the defender of their rights and
piivilcges under our form of government, adminis-
tered in a spint of justice to thorn, I remain yours
very gratefully, A.FLEMING.
So. 473 Seventh street, between 11 and I.
Senator Sprague.
Alex vndbia, April 9,1S59.
l)enr Sir: Let ray admiration for the truth fear-
lessly spoken be my urology for Requesting you to
surd ino your speech of April 8th instant. A friend
at niv side says toll Senator Sprague to send me all
4 1st Cong. 1st Hess.—No. 48.
of his speeches, as I have heard of them without
seeing them.
Very respectfully, yours.
JOHN W. BURKE,
Alexandria Virginia.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington City.
Dear Sir: Your ^speeches are attracting consider-
able attention in Maryland. If they are published
in pamphlet form for distributson I will be much
obliged, if your convenience will permit, to receive
them. The newspapers only give them to us in a
mutilated form, and they are worthy of preservation.
Your obedient servant,
BENJAMIN C. BARROLL,
Attorney at Law, Baltimore, Md,
Senator Sprague.
Baltimore, Maryland, April 9, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you have the kindness to send me
copies of such of your speeches as have been printed
and that may be printed from time to time? and
greatly oblige, your obedient servant.
WILLIAM DUGDALE.
TT , , „ ^ Box 1096, Poet Office.
Hon. W. Sprague, Washington, D. C.
New York, April 9,1869.
Sir: Would you be kind enough to favor me with
a copy of your speech delivered in the United States
Senate April 8,1869 ?
Very respectfully,
J. W. SEYMOUR, jr.
Hon, William Sprague, United Stales Senate.
Baltimore, April 7, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please be so kind as to accom-
modate me by sending me a copy of your late speech
on the tenure-of-ofhee bill ? I was reading it in one
of our daily papers, and was pleased with it very
much, and oblige your humble servant,
GEORGE A. STEWART,
181 West Rollins street.
Hon. William Sprague.
Mount Vernon Square,
Baltimore, April 9,1869.
My Dear Sir: Please favor mo with a copy of your
speech of yesterday. Very respectfully,
DECATUR II. MILLER.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator, ctc.
Baltimore, April 9,1869.
Dear Sir : Please send mo a copy of your several
speeches. By so doing you will confer a great favor
and have my grateful thanks.
Your obedient servant, 0. A. SMITH.
comer Baltimore and Calhoun streets.
Hon. William Sprague.
Keene, New Hampshire, April 9,1869.
Dear Sir: Being desirous to obtain a copy of a
recent spcech delivered by you in the United States
Senate, and believing that you ha ve told or expressed
much truth which interested partisans would sup-
press or exaggerate, I write this note to ask of you
the favor of sending me a copy. I have been a Whig
and Republican eversince I cast my first presidential
vote for Henry Clay in 1844; hut this critical period
in the history of our country demands that our true
condition should be exposed without suppression or
exaggeration. I have been engaged for eighteen
years as editor and publisher of Whig and Repubii-
<*,:n newspapers, and a.though not now connected
with any newspaper, still I wifh to know whither
as a nation we are drifting. I am pained to see the
Republican papers of Boston making light ot the
discussion of this subject, while all they seem to say
against the truthfulness of your exposure is that
disappointed politicians and croakers have always
spoken thus discouragingly, maliciously insinuating
that all who are not disposed to shut their eyes to
the notoriously corrupting tendencies of the times
are necessarily disappointed in some political aspi-
ration or other. The Boston Journal, under the
influence of a few trading politicians, after publish-
ing portions of your speech in the regular city or
afternoon edition, suppressed it altogether in the
morning edition, which circulates largely in the
country, and suppressing it also in tho weekly edi-
tion. wh.eh circulates almost wholly in the country,
whiie the editorial criticising it unfavorably was
carefully kept in all the editions of that paper. This
is an old and frequent trick of the Journal, and has
lost it favor among many of our best Rcpuolieans.
Please excuse my seeming intrusion upon your
attention, and believe me very respectfully youis,
THOMAS HALE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Mooreeield, West Virginia.
Aprils, 1869.
Sir: I have read with very great pleasure your
speech in the Senate on the corruptions and present
condition of our country.
1 hope you will keep up the fire on tho enemy. Be
so good as to send me about fifty copies of your speech
for distribution. I think it will do gieat good to do
so. Frank them all and send them to me at this
place, and I will distribute them among the Repub-
licans of this section.
Very respectfully, &o., JOSEPH SPRIGG.
Senator Sprague, Washington Ct(y.
Cincinnati, April 9,1869.
Sir: Though the press and the politicians may
attempt to ridicule you for "your brave and truthful
words, you may rest assured that the common
people appreciate them fully.
We feet that we have been betrayed by our Repre-
sentatives, and that the legislation of Congress is
against us. Do not weary in well doing.
J. A. LQNDON.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, JD. C.
Philadelphia, April 9,1869.
Hon. William Sprague: It is due to you that such
of our citizens as feel the oppression of the times,
growing out of the fearful increase of the money
power as an interest adverse to the mass of the peo-
ple, should encouiageyou in the bold and fearless
stand you have recently taken; and I therefore con-
gratulate you- and bid you go forward fearing not.
I have not had the pleasure to see in detail your
financial scheme. If it is in print, have the kindness
to send me a copy, or several, and as your speeches
are put in type I will thankyou for copies.
Very truly, yours, &e.,
J. R. FLANIGEN,
Editor Daily News.
37 Wall Street, New York, ApnJ9,1869.
Dear Sir: You will confer a great favor upon me
by sending me a copy of the Giobe which contains
your speech of April 8,1869.
Yours, truly, S. G0LD1NG.
Hon. William Sprague,
Lynn, Massachusetts, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me the speeches and public
documents which you have fordistribution. 1 have
read your speech as printed in the newspapers, and
think you have opened your mouth to some purpose.
The work which you have begun is one which is
necessary to the welfare of the business interests of
the country and of the great body of the people. You
will make some enemies, but many friends. That
you will not halt, but that you will lead in this much
needed reform is the earnest wish of those, and they
are many, who believe that the interests of the people
are suffering from lack of wise and practical legisla-
tion. Perhaps it would be better to say that we are
suffering fiom foolish, corrupt, and special legisla-
tion. It. is to the people you must appeal. A speech
delivered in the Senate is of little value except it be
printed and circulated.
Please send to my address what you may prepare
for the public, and I will do my best to bring your
ideas to the people of this wide-awake part of the
State.
Yours, respectfully,
CHARLES A. TABER.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator from llhode Island,
New York, 4th Month, 10th, 1869.
Senator Sprague, of Rhode Island:
I have been much interested in reading thy late
speech in the Senate, but inasmuch as the subject,
"centralised capital," was all the report in either
Times or Herald that gave any index of the details
of that change in thy convictions stated with so much
earnest feeling and warning to the people, I hope
the great interest I have felt for the last sixteen to
seventeen years will be an apology for my request
either for a copy of the words and sentences com-
piled by another on the subject referred to in thy
speech may be sent mo, or that I may have the pleas-
ui e of an interview on thy return to tbis city on thy
way home.
Very respectfully, JAMES_C. HALLOCK.
iVo. 171 Broadway, room No. 5 Qilroy building,
corner of Cortlandt street.
13 Park street, Portl vnd, April 10,1869.
Will Senator Sprague be kind enough to send me
copies ot hi3 speeches recently made m the Senate?
The meager reports of them in my papers induce a
strongdesirc to read all. Jam satisfied thatyouhave
been telling your colleagues liuths that have been
too long kept from the public.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. S. BOYD.
Senator Sprague, Washington.
New York, April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: Please accept congratulations from a
legion ol friends, who think with you that if such
legislation goes on much longer the manufacturing
interests of the country must peiish, country and all.
Excuse the liberty I have taken in thus addressing
you, but the man that dare speak in tlie present
Senate as you have done deserves the support of all
parties who have a love of country and its institu-
tions.
Most respectfully, yours, D. D. MILLER.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 12, 1869.
My Dear Sir: Permit me to trespass upon your
time so much as to ask the favor of a copy of your
speech in Son.ito upon the condition of tne countiy.
It so perfectly accords with my own notions of the
deep degiadaiion into which our beloved country
has fallen by the aots of unprincipled toon in high
placcs that 1 am anxious to preserve it and to further
perus^e the entire speech.
With sentiments of high regard, I am very truly
yours, SAMUEL BISHOP,
}Jnst O.uice Box 1432,
William Sprague, Senator from lihode Inland.
