7o,4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
Of)
& •
594 Broadway, New York, 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me your late speeches. The
thanks of the people are due to you for the course
you aro taking. If the people are not made to realize
the corrupt state we are getting into this Govern-
ment will go to pieces.
Very respectfully,
W. P. BEAUMONT.
Hon. William Sprague.
109 Fulton Street, Brooklyn*, New York,
April 16,1869.
Sir: Being very much interested in senatorial as
well as congressional affairs, I cannothelp admiring
tho policy you have taken. I would therefore like
very much to have your speeches, which I under-
stand you are having printed.
By sending me a few copies you will greatly oblige
your humble servant,
GABRIEL S. KUTZ.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Pelham, New Hampshire, April 17,1869.
Bear Sir: Will you please send to my address one
or more eopies of your excellent speeches recently
delivered by you and that are attracting such uni-
versal attention. I am rejoiced that you have had
the courage to utter such truths, and trust that you
may continue to inform the people of the danger that
threatens them unless they take heed.
Though I am but a boy, as it were, still I feel for
the interests of my country and desire to see the
business interests of tho same in a more prosperous
condition.
Believe me, my dear sir, that you have my hearty
thanks for your fearless course.
Should you desire it, any number of your speeches
sent me shall be properly distributed to those who
will read and, I trust, reflect upon them.
I am, with respect, yours,
J. 0. WOODBURY.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Office Family and Farm Journal,
Jerseyville, Illinois, April 4,1869.
My Dear Sir : I have not the honor of a personal
acquaintance, but having read extracts of your late
speech, and feeling a strong desire to read it care-
fully, I write you to ask that I may be complimented
by the receipt of a copy at your hands.
It has received flattering comments in thissection,
and I feel that you are entitled to the highest praise
for the noble stand taken.
With the most distinguished regard, &q., your friend
and fellow-citizen,
ZACH. BURCHMORE, jr.,
Brevet Major T-ofunteer*, Associate Editor, <tv. j
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator. 1
West Mfdford, Massachusetts, !
April 18,1869. j
bear Sir: A few extracts from your late speeches <
have interested me very much, as I think they must
interest every thoughtful man. Will you please send
me copies of them, and oblige, yours, very truly,
M. B. CHAPMAN,
TFe^ Medford, Massachusetts,
Late member of Massachusetts Legislature.
Senator Sprague.
Mill Office, Central Falls, Rhode Island.
CMr: Have the kindness to send me one of your
recent speeches, for they have inspired such feelings I
of interest with the working classes that they are on \
the qui vive to see them.
Yours, respectfully, A. ii. FIELD.
Hon. William Sprague.
Moxticello, New York, April 20,1869.
My Dear Sir: Will you oblige me by sending a copy
of your recent speeches in the United States Senate
on the situation of the country ?
You have hit upon the right subject. Go ahead,
you have money enough to take care of yourself, and
the people will guard yourreputation now, whilethe
future may be wisely relied on to vindicate your
action.
With strong hopes and my best wishes for your
Miceess, I am, yours respectfully,
it w r c A.J. BUSH.
ison. William Sprague.
Baltimore, April 1,1869.
Senator Sprague: I shall feel obliged if you will
i1? l a.c°py °f your late speech, which I think
should be m the hands of every honest lover of his
country.
lle-peetlully, X. P. SEWELL,
Howard Ifouee, Baltimore.
East Greenwich, March 22,1869.
Deal' Sir: May I ask the favor of you. if not too
much, to fccml me one or more copies of yourspeech
delivered in Congress on Friday last, the 19tli instant,
if m print; it will be much appreciated.
Your obedient servant,
W. P. SALISBURY.
lion. William Sprague, Washington, D. G.
Brookville, Mississippi, March 22,1869.
^eaator Sprague. Washington, D. C. :
I hope you will not consider me impertinent in
making a rc'{ue.>t of you. Having seen an extract
from a speech delivered by you in the Senate on the
loth or 16th of the present month, I would be pleased
to read it in full. Will you be kind enough to send
me a copy? You are aware that Mississippi has no
Representative to whom 1' can write.
Very respectfully, T. J. STOKES.
Philadelphia, March 23,1869.
Sir : It is well enough to know your friends. This
morning I found John Haviland, a poor laborer, cir-
culating your speech on the tenure-of-office bill,
published in the Daily News of to-day. It was the
first I saw of it. And permit me to congratulate you
on the honest, patriotic sentiments therein con-
tained. And may God enable you in your efforts to
bring about a reform in this our distracted country
is the earnest wise of your fellow-citizen,
WILLIAM HAMILTON.
Hon. William Sprague,
Senator of the United States.
Baltimore, March 23,1869.
Hon. William Sprague:
I have read with much pleasure your remarks in
the Senate on the subject of the public credit, and
having prepared a memorial and bill on the subject
of free banks and currency I purpose to go to Wash-
ington by the early train to-morrow morning, hoping
Uiat you will do me the favor to see me, and if you
approve of the plan which I propose you will advise
me as to the best mode of bringing itbefore Congress.
I demonstrate that Congress cannot regulate the
value of specie otherwise than by means of a national
currency, and that the plan which I propose will
create a currency more valuable than gold.
I also demonstrate that Congress can place a sum
in specie in the Treasury which will pay thenational
debt in less than fifteen years, and that the cost of
doing so will be no more than the cost of the paper
and printing the currency given in exchange for it.
I u>k tho favor to see me and consider the plan,
and oblige, yours,
DUFF GREEN.
Providence, March 24,1869.
Dear Sir: I have seen within a short time por-
tions of some two or three speeches which you have
delivered in the Senate. These extracts make me
very desirous of seeing them in full; as I have not
been abl e to obtain them here, may I tax your kind-
ness so far as to send me a copy of each if they aie in
print in Washington? The reasons expressed in what
I saw I think will very favorably impress many who
like myself have acted with the Republican party,but
who also like 44 fair play," ratherthan ultra parti-
sanship. and who^think that more business and less
"hairsplitting"' in the national Legislature would
most materially advance the interests of the country
and people.
Should you be able to do me this favor, will you
please direct to yours, verv respectfully,
WILLIAM PRATT.
Governor Sprague.
Quartermaster General's Office.
Washington, D. C., March 25,1S69.
Dear Sir; Allow me to request of you several
copies of your recent speeches in the United States
Senate, if in pamphlet form. I will esteem it a very
great favor on your part, and take occasion to ex-
press my keen appreciation of your noble sentiments
and bold advocacy of them.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. A. GALLAHER.
lion. William Sprague,
C nited State* Senator, Washington, D. C.
Treasury Department,
Second Comptroller's Office,
March 25, IStiO.
Si) : I have the honor to request that you will send
me a few copies of your recent speeches delivered in
the Senate on the question of the repeal of tho ten-
ure-of-office law, which I wish to send to my friends
in the West. Need I say that among all conserva-
tive and non-office-huntins: citizens witti whom I
have conversed your speeches have been most warmly
commended as outspoken and truthful expressions
of a sentiment which finds lodgment in the hearts
and thoughts of thousands of honest and patriotic
people m these days ?
lrour obedient servant, JOHN B. MOTLEY.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
327 Pennsylvania Avenue,
Washington, D. C., March 2o, 1869.
Dear Sir: As a young man I thank you for your
recent effort m behalf of the people. By that effort
you have made yourself the representative man of
the young voters of the country, at least the reading,
thinking portion of them.
Let mo beg of you to cease to vote and act with the
dominant party of the country if you would accom-
plish good. The excesses of the Republican party
have driven every prominent man within its organ-
ization, who id governed by patriotic impulses alone,
to abandon it. I hope to see you standing shoulder
to shoulder with the friends of the Constitution.
Pardon me for addressing you. I am not a promi-
nent man: I have nothing to ask save that our rep-
resentative men give the people good government,
and I have only written that :> ou may feel that you
have touched a popular chord in the hearts of the
young men, but if you yield or fail to carry on the
battle so auspiciously begun you will lose all. I
would like a copy of your speech.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N.C.WARNER,
| Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
i New York, March 2o, 1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me your speech of a few
days sinco on 4 lawyers;" also one in reply to Mr.
Nye. If not printed by themselves, will you inform
me in which number of the Congressional Globe they
may be found.
I was formerly of the Treasury Department; was
in the Old Capitol Prison, as Mr. Chase will inform
you. I liked the report I saw of your speeches.
Yours, truly,
STUART GWYNN, per F. B. B.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
163 Broadway, New York City,
March, 25,1869.
Dear Sir: It is positively refreshing to read your
two last speeches in the Senate. Their originality
and vigor are in flattering contrast to the stale plati-
tudes and newspaper' compilations of many of your
colleagues. Had you delivered them one year earlier
you would, in all human probability, have to-day
been President of the United States.
Sincerely yours, GEORGE P. SHRIE.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, D. G.
Philadelphia, March 25,1869.
Dear Sir: I have the honor to request that if your
remarks in the Senate on the 24th instant upon the
tenure-of-office law have been printed in full you
will be kind enough to send to my address a few
copies for distribution among our merchants.
Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
EDWARD COLLISON.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington.
Custom-Hoitse, Philadelphia,
Collector's Office, March 25,1869.
^ Dear Sir: So much of your second speech as pub-
lished has created a profound sensation in our city,
and it is the general theme. We hope that it will
i have the effect to arouse the people to a proper sense
of their danger, and produce all the reforms that are
so essentially necessary to the peace, prosperity,and
happiness of our Government and its people.
We should like to see your speeches freely circu-
lated among the people. The newspapers generally
only publish a portion of them.
I congratulate you and the country that we have
a Senator of the United States who dares to declare
the whole truth.
Yours, very respectfully, JOHN K. ZERLIN.
Hon.^William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, J). C.
Boston, March 25,1869.
My Dear Sir: I read with much interest and satis-
faction portions of the two speeches just made by
you in the United States Senate, and I am happy to
say they meet with general commendation from all
classes in this large community, extending from bank
presidents to the petty shopkeeper. If they aie
printed, may I be favored with a few copies of each ?
I hope I may not have entirely passed from your
| memory; you may remember we were boys when you
were in your father's office and myself in that of Hill
& Carpenter: besides I had the gratification of giving
my last vote in Rhode Island for you upon your first
election, riding from central Connecticut for the pur-
pose of doing so. While fortune and high position
smile upon and surround you, (and I am giad of it,)
with a checkered future I find myself about where I
j started, but with hope and determination still un-
i broken. I anticipate before going " over the river"
to get head high above water.
i With the best wishes for your welfare, I beg to
i subscribe myself, very respectfully, yours,
GEORGE H. WILBUR.
! Hon. William Sprague,
I United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
\ Monmouth, Illinois, March 26,1869,
I Dear Sir: Having seen a notice of your speech
I delivered on the 24th instant on the subject of the
repeal of the tenure-of-office act, and admiring its
j sentiments as well as its candid and honest author, 1
! would be much gratified to receivo from you a copv
! of the same. Will you please send copies of both
. speeches, and oblige, yours truly,
J. E. ALEXANDER.
Hon.rWilliam Sprague,
United Suites Senate, Washington, D. G.
new York, March 2% 1869.
Dear Sir: I have been reading your remarks as
published in the papers of the day on the repeal of
j| the tenure-of-office bill, and they seemed to me so
i: appropriate and timely that you will please excuse
ij me for asking you to send me them in full, if you
;; have them published. Almost everything that is
i' attempted now in the way of legislation, especially
; if it is intended for the benefit of the people and not
j! some class legislation, is completely muddled by
j, lawyers, who are the curse of the country, so that we
; can hardly tell where we stand. Yourremarks were
j| so plain and well timed and contained fro much tiuth
>' that I would thank you for thorn in full.
