1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¥57
on the scroll of fame that history will pronounoe
immortal.
Thousands of bleeding and anxious hearts, deso-
lated by affliction and oppression, are looking to you
as the hope of* the nation, as the forerunner of better
days. They feel thatcruel and unjust misrepresent-
ation has placed them at the mercy of the party with
which you have been acting, and that only through
that party and by such independent action as you
have exhibited can they hope to be spared further
humiliation and injury. They do not desiro you to
compromise your honor, nor do they ask you to abate
one jot or tittle of the true and legitimate principles
of your party. These they admit the sword, in the
late conflict, has established as the ruling principles
of the Government. Slavery, secession, and the
division ot this country or political community they
consider as obsolete and defunct dogmas, nor would
they be wining, under the Constitution justly admin-
istered, to revive them. They want, they yearn for
peace, for self-government. They wish to be relieved
from the tyranny, the merconary and merciless per-
secution of political emmissaries and vultures sup-
ported by the Freedmen's Bureau and fanatical
societies that prey upon them and consume their
substance, that demoralize, lor personal aggrandize-
ment, the labor element, thereby producing vaga-
bondism, bankruptcy, and crime. They ask to be
delivered from a set of adventurers who in their own
communities would scaicely be permitted to hold
the most menial positions, but who with them are
intrusted with the most sacred and responsible
trusts.
If you knew the wrongs.and persecutions thesouth-
ern people have saffered, wrongs that party rancor
and excitement hushed andconcealed for party pur-
poses, you would stand aghast 1 the blood would
tingle in your veins, and you would cry out for
vengeance. But the southern people do not desire
vengeance. Party having secured the Government,
they ask that the country may be considered; that
the Constitution which your ancestors and mine ex-
pended common bloo   and treasure to establish may
be once more enthroned in the Capitol of the nation,
and they be judged byand dealt with as it prescribes.
The peopleot theNorth, Mr.Sprague,should cease
to view the late sti uggle exclusively from their stand-
point. If they will for a moment occupy the south-
ern stand-point they will find that there are at least
serious doubts as to the moral and legal status of the
difference of opinion. And if they will read history
as carefully as you have they will discover that Pat-
rick Henry, the father of American independence,
and almost every northern and southern patriot of
the early days of the liepublic, held the southern
view of the Constitution, and that the Government,
up to the time of Mr. Lincoln's election, was admin-
istered substantially upon the same theory. They
will find that the southern people were educated in
this theory, and thai with them it was held as sacred
as their religion. It was not, therefore, as some
assert, a wanton and unmeaning act, that of seces-
sion or separation, which they, too, desired to be
peaceable. The recognition ot these tacts and of sin-
cerity upon the part of the South should put the set-
tlementof thecontioversy upon higher grounds than
the arbitrary will of the conqueror. The main issues
being determined, as they have been in the opinion
of every honest thinker, the details are easily ad-
justed; nor is it necessarv, in so doing, to humiliate
or even annihilate the weaker and more unfortu-
nate adversary. Magnanimity is a more formidable
weapon than revenge or oppression; and if it had
been more appreciated by those who controlled the
popular heart and the Government the country would
to-day be marching unitedly and proudly on the
grand aud glorious career of political and national
progress which God and the Constitution ot our
iatners decreed.
It is not too late yet to repair mistakes. It is true
the wounds inflicted by being kept constantly irri-
tated are angry and festering; but the oil of mag-
nanimity and justice pottred into them will soothe
and heal. Will you be the good Samaritan, Mr.
Sprague, or will you pass by on the other side and
leave your country in the hands of despoilers?
In what 1 have said I do not mean to arraign the
patriotism or sincerity of the masses of the North. I
accord to them the possession of these virtues in the
same degree as my own people. I can understand
their aversion to slavery, and, indeed, thedi&solution
of the country; but I claim that as regards the moral
and legal aspects of the controversy there were two
s-des, and the swoi d only decided these two Ques-
tions. These being settled, we become homogeneous
and sympathetic m interests^ aud institutions, and a
prompt and thorough reconciliation should have fol-
lowed by the expunging of all discriminating legis-
lation.
Time and impartial history will doubtlessdo exact
justice to the parties to the late controversy, and we
of the South have faith that our descendants will
notscorn to refer with prido and pleasure to their
ancestors of these times. But the South needs pres-
ent justice, and it is to bo hoped that the sword of
vengeance so long unsheathed will be returned to its
peabbaid. and that the descendants of Washington,
lleury. Mason, Marshall, Madison, and Jefferson
will be allowed in this generation to enjoy the bless-
ings of thatrich heutage of the freeman which those
honored and venerated heroes achieved for them
tlnough so much blood and suffering.
In the ardor of my feelings I fear L have written
too much. My apology is my love of my country.
Ami why should I not love my country ? For gen-
erations past my ancestors upon both sides first
breathed the pure J. :id sacred air of the old mother
of States, and theirdustnow rests within her bosom,
awaiting the lesunection of the heroic dead. Both
my paternal and maternal gr.mdlathersserved with
honorable commissions in the war ot independence
which made us a nation. A great unole, who fell at
Chew s house while bearing aflag of truce by request
of General Washington, now sleeps at Geriaantown
in ahero'sgrave. My father—-acolonelin theUnited
States. Army—defended with credit, I trust, his coun-
try's rights and honor in the war of 18J2. From all
these patriotic^ and revered kindred I learned the
teachings of political science which in these later days
stamps me and my name with the disgrace of rebel
and traitor. I leave God and impartial history and
criticism to decide between me and my accusers.
Hoping that you will appreciate the franknessand
sincerity, and may I not add, patriotism of one who
is no politician, and who never held an office nor
desires one, I subscribe myself, very respectfully,
yours,
„ w AUG. J. SMITH.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. G,
No. 211 South Sixth street.
Philadelphia, March 31,1869.
Pear Sir: Would I be intruding too much on your
time and attention to request you to forward me a
copy%of your late argument on the repeal of the ten-
ure-of-office act? The papers state that it has been
published m pamphlet form for general circulation.
Very truly, yours, A. A. HIRST.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. 0.
Petersburg, Virginia, March 31,1869.
Sir: In the papers I have recently seen some ex-
tracts from your speeches lately delivered in the
Senate oi' the Uuited States, which take so wise a
view of the present and past political events that I
feel a desire to read the entire speeches. I take the
liberty, therefore, to write to you and to ask you, if
they have been published in pamphlet form, to be so
good as to send them to me.
Your compliance with this request will greatly
oblige your obedient servant,
B. B. VAUGHAN.
Senator Sprague.
63 Third Street, New York,
March 31, 1869.
Dear Sir: I venture, withsomediffidence, to so far
trespass upon your good nature as to request that
you will kindly forward tome, if entirely convenient
to yourself, a copy of your recent speech in the Sen-
ate on the social and financial condition of the Uni-
ted States. I have only seen a very imperfect report
of it, which greatly interested me, and I have en-
deavored, vainly, to obtain a more full report with-
out trespassing upon your kindness.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
P. GIRARD,
JY. Y. Correspondent of The Scotsman, of Edinburgh.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington.
Richmond, March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Your recent speech on the social, finan-
cial, and political condition of our country is one of
so much ability that I venture, although a stranger,
to beg that you will send me a pamphlet cony of it
for preservation among the speeches of 1869 which
are most woithy of a place in the library.
Very respectfully,
P. H. AYLETT.
Hon. William Sprague.
Philadelphia, March 2,1869.
Sir: Will you confer a favor upon me by sending
me a copy ot your speech lately made m the Senate
on the repeal of the tenure-of-office bill ? The speech
is warmly applauded by all parties here, and I would J
be very glad to read it in full. If you would favor
me with a copy of it I would be very thankful, and
it will oblige, yours, respectfully,
ROBERT A. P. MOORE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Portland, JIaijtk. March 26,3869.
Senator Sprague: Will you be so kind as to send
me a copy of your speech on the tenure-of-office act
delivered in the Senate on the 2Uh, and also that of
the 19th, and oblige, yours, truly,
FRANK W. WHITNEY.
Alexandria, March 23,1S69.
Sir: Although I have not the honor of your per-
sonal acquaintance, yet I have taken the liberty to
address you this letter, encouraged to do so by the
able and independent speeches which you have re-
cently made m the Senate of the United States.
I do not propose to discuss the subject of politics,
with which I have nothing to do, but to call your
attention to the great destitution in Virginia of the
capital necessary to all the interests of the State.
As you are aware, the entire banking capital of the
Stato having been invested in confederate bonds,
bills were lost, leaving us without a single solvent
bank in the State.
Since the close of the war a few banks of restrictive
capital have been established here and there, but they
are few and far between, and utterly inadequate to
supplv the wants of the vanous interests of the State.
As an example, I may cite this city, where befoie
the war we had three banks with about a million
dollars, joint capital, now we have one with a i-apital
of $100,000. The consequence i-; that money is ex-
ceedingly scarce, and the rate,*> ot interest enormous,
ranging from twelve to twenty-four per cent, per
annum, I need not sa-y to you that no business in
Virginia can pay such rates and prosper. 'They are1
necessarily impoverishing and destructive.
Money is greatly needed here, and in no stinted
measure. All our interests are languishing and dying
for the want of it. It is needed alike by merchants,
farmers, and by our railroad companies, all of whom
are in debt and require money at fair rates to pay
off old debts and reconstruct themselves.
Twenty millions could be readily and profitably
absorbed by Virginia alone, and what may be re-
quired for other southern States I am not able-to
say. Cannot Congress be induced to enlarge the
volume of circulation by giving say one hundred
millions to the southern States? The sum sounds
large, but I am satisfied that it is not greater than
the wants of the country. Money must bo made
cheaper before we can prosper. Make it cheap for
five to ten years and we shall by the expiration of
that time be strong enough to stand the effects of any
gradual contraction that may be found necessary.
You may safely deplete afull man, but an empty one
will die under such a process.
As Virginia has no representative in either House
of Congress I have taken the liberty to address you,
asking your attention to this subject, as it is one that
concerns the country at large, for if one of the mem-
bers suffer, all must in greater or less degree feel the
effects.
X am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. G. OAZENOVE.
Hon. William Sprague,
United Slates Senate, Washington, D. C.
Port Penn, Delaware, March 26, 1869.
Respected Sir: I read your remarks yesterday de-
livered on the tenure-of-office law in the Senate,
and they so fullyaccord with thefeelingsof myheart
and convictions of my head that 1 cannot refrain
from expressing to you the high appreciation I en-
tertain of your defense of the laboring men and busi-
nessmen of the country; and I think with you that
the business men of the country are by far the best
legislators and most practical men, aud from expe-
rience know what the people want, and have a love
and respect for the hard laboring men that the cold
professional men can never feel, despising his hard
hand, and never seeming to realize that they are
recipients of his bounty. It is the experience of
every farmer of Delaware to-day that the legislation
of the national Government is crushing his very
existence out; and men who in former times were
prosperous and doing well are not able to pay their
laboring men at the low rates at which they are
compelled to hire them. If they have been liberated
from their former masters they are certainly bond-
men to the tax-gatherers, and X honor the man that
will stand up for their defense.
Yours, respectfully,
THOMAS F. STILWORTH.
Hon. .Senator Sprague.
Baltimore, March 25,1869.
Dear Sir: Having seen a portion of your speech
of yesterday on the tenure-of-office bill in this morn-
ing's paper, I am anxious to seo all of it, and take
this liberty of writing to request that if it has been
printed in full you will do me the honor to have it
mailed to me.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. RICHARD SELBY.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Pawtuckrt, March 24,1869,
Dear Sir: I have read and reread your speech
before the Senate on the 15th instant, and also that
on the 19th, as published in tlie Providence Journal,
and I desire to express to you the pleasure and satis-
faction I enjoyed fiomthe perusal of both.
I am aware that the faithful discharged your offi-
cial duties must necessarily absorb so much oi' your
time and patience as to leave you but little ot either
to bestow on outside and casual coriespondents.
Nevertheless I must take the liberty to trespass on
both so far as to assure you that the bold and inde-
pendent stand you have taken on some of the most
important questions that have been discussed in
Congress for the last thirty years has elicited the
highest commendations ftom every man within the
entire circle of my acquaintance, of whatever shade
of opinion, many of whom were formerly your polit-
ical opponents.
Sir, you have boldly and fearlessly thrown down
the gauntlet and drawn your sword in defense of
perfect freedom of debate. Thiow away the scab-
bard, Prick the bubbles and strip the masks from
political charlatans and leather-lunged law> ers, who
have too long infested the Capitol of the nation,
blocking tlie wheels of wholesome and judicious legis-
lation merely for their own private advantage or to
pei petuate the power of their party.
Sir, you have but to tread firmly and fearlessly in
the path you have marked out and the sympathy of
the mass of the people will be with you, and you will
secure the admiration of j our constituents, and the
respect and gratitude of every right-minded and
right-thinking man throughout the country.
That you may some dav leeeive a generous reward
for the eminent and arduous services you have so
cheerfully rendered and the sacrifices you have made
foi the credit ot your native Sta.to and the honor ot
your country, is the smeeie desire of your obedient
s"rvant" JOH.N HORSWELL.
Hon. William Sprague.
P. S. If the speeches above alluded to are pub-
lished m pamphlet form copies would be thankfully
received. H.
