758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Wbslovb P. O., Somerset cgitnty, Md.
Dear Sir: Plenfcesend me your speech on thesocial,
political, and financial condition of the country, ana
you will oblige yours, very truly,^ g_ gADLER
Senator Sprague.
Providence, March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Your late speeches I have read with "lu0'1
gratification, and am pleased with their truthlai-
ness, and admire the fearlessness of their utterances.
I think, and many others express the same thought,
that there is not another Senator possessing moral
courage sufficient to have so addressed the benate,
no matter how honest his convictions. We cutter m
politics, but when truth is uttered I am with the
utcerer. If your speeches on finance and condition
of our country are printedinpauaphiettorin willyou
please order a few sent to my address ?. I do not
write for self wholly, but by request of friends.
Yours, very respectfully. CHARLEg q r£A.ET.
Hon. William Sprague.
Baltimore, Maryland,
March 31,18G9.
Dear Sir: Thunks to you and Hon. Mr. Grimes
for your independence in trying to make Senators
sink tho selfish politician and rise to the plane ot
the great interests of tho whole country, lou are
hitting the nail on the head; and I eaiuiotbut be-
lieve the God of truth and honesty has inspired you
both, and will continue to inspire you to biiiigthe
machinations of evil men and spirits to nought.
That you may see this gjonous consummation and
our oppressed people, .North and South, East and
W«st, relieved from the chailatanisin wouid-be
statesmen, is the sincere pi ayei of
, A L-lIl<6iii.N.
Hon. William Sprague, .
Senator United States, Washington, 1>. u
Baltimore, March 31,1S60.
Dear Sir: My attention was directed to a portion
of your speech wherein you allude to the repetiticms
of history, the days and events of Charles I being
paralleled by the present.
It is so rare to s«e the science of history so devel-
oped that I must a?k of you a copy of your speech at
your convenience. .
I have in a work entitled the Periodic Law called
attention to the remarkable cycles of history, show- |
ing, on the authority ot Disraeli, that the events of j
•Grecian and Roman cii-=es were reproduced in the j
days of Charles I and Cromwell, and subsequently >
by the French Revolution, "the same principles ]
terminated in the same results and the same person- j
ages m the same drama." , !
'* A History of the French Revolution by a Society I
of Latin Authors," dcscribmgmimitably the various :
events, is actually written by the Roman authors
themselves.
There is a strikingsimilitude between the down rail
ofCharlesX and Louis Philippe. Both were dethroned
at the age of seventy-four, both abdicated in tavor ot
grandsons, each ten years old. The preyiouscombat
with the people lasted three days; during the year
preceding each tall bread rose to an exorbitant
price; aud, as if nature sympathized, terrific storms
arose after each downfall.
I might develop this remarkable principle further,
but having occupied your valuable time sufficiently
long, I have the honor to be. truly yours,
GEORGE A. LEAKIN.
Hon. William Sprague.
War Department,
Washington' City. March, 31,1869.
Sir: I have the honor to request that you will fur-
nish me with two or three copies of your late speeches
delivered before the Senate.
Very respectfully, S. E. SLATER.
  Adjutant General's Office.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Marshall Hall Post Offtci:,
Charles cuuxty, Maryland,
March 23, 1869.
Dear Sir: A few days ago I saw in the National
Intelligencer a few quotations from a speech made
by you recently in tne Senate upon the " condition
of the finances and state of the country." If your
speech has been published in full I shall be obliged ,
to you for it, and for anything else you may desire J
to distribute. ;
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
OLIVER N. BRYAN.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Augusta, Mai^e, Match 29.1869.
Dear Sir: Your efforts by legislation to improve
our money market receives our hearty commenda-
tion. Your idea ot lawyers, philosophers, theorists,
and poliiieians, as against the material business in-
terests of the country, is correct; and for one I hope
you will publish the idea at every opportunity.
Let we continue yours, ifec.,
J. M.HAYNES.
Providence, March30,1889.
Dear Senator: I see by the report of your speeches
that you have taken what might be termed, mcta-
phoi icaily >i>caking, "an airy flight " in politics.
To pur^uf tho metaphor you huve raised such a
du^t with vou wings at starting that it is .somewhat
difhcuif for us here to determine tho course you in-
tend taking, much less where you will alight. Did
you get my letter of a week or more since? It so, 1
piesumo you have not had leisure to reply in conse-
quence of weightier matters. It is of no areat conse-
quence any way. Your views in many respects meet
mine, but some things 1 do not understand, sina
should be explained to your friends. 1 refer partic-
ularly to what you soy of Grant's inaugural on the
public debt. It is liable to misconstruction., It any
kind of policy is indicated by the new Administra-
tion as to appointments in Rhode Island, please
inform ine; and if your speeches are to be published
in pamphlet form please send me one copy.
Yours, truly, WILLIAM D. BRAYTON.
Washington, March 30,1869.
Dear Sir: I have noticed in the daily journals that
your speech recently delivered in the Senate on the
"Social, Political, and Financial Condition of the
Country" is about to be published in pamphlet
form. I would most respectfully thank you for a
copy of it, as I have only been able to get a small
portion of it from the papers. atPTirvxT
Truly yours, &e„ A. V. SW EE* \.
Hon. Mr. Sprague, United States Senator.
No. 1 Park Place,
New York Cirr, March 30,18Gy.
Dear Sir: If you have your speeches on the ten-
ure of office in pamphlet form I wish you would
send me two or three copies of each. There is, as
you wisely suggest, much reason for alarm at the
present time. „ ,,
I should be very glad to see you the next time you
aro in New York. ttt a vpt?
Truly, yours, E. THAYLR.
Hon. W. Sprague, United States Senator.
Calais, March 31.1869.
My Dear Sir: Your speech makes a sensation.
Pleasesend me a copy. nrT'r
Yours, truly, i. A. PIKE.
Governor Sprague.
Highland. Bradford county, Pa.,
March 2U, 1869.
Sir: I have just read with great satisfaction an
extract from a speech you recently delivered on the
proposition to repeal or modify the tenure-oi-omce
law. In this you assert that it has not been partisan
skill in administration or legislation, but labor, and
labor only, that has so advanced the material inter-
ests, and thereby so elevated tho character oi the
nation, and thac lawyers are the bane of both ad-
ministration and legislation in our country. Greater
truths were never uttered, and as a Republican citi-
zen I thank you tor them. I oniy regret that there
are so many among us who will not see and cannot
i fully appreciate their force. Partisans have so long
! claimed the credu ot making the nation, and law-
! yers have so long ruled as to constitute it almost an
t axiom that neither political oiganizntion or govern-
' ment can exist without the latter. Tins pernicious
| dogma must be changed or great evil will again
{ come upon the land. It seems to me that our Prcsi-
i dent has a bias toward jour theory, but it is not
j marked enough to make it efficacious at present. It
would be a great blessing if we could have the (*ov-
t ci nment admmisteied by >our standard; andean we
! not so educate the people to their true interests dur-
! ing the next lour yeais as to biing this about? 1
' will gladly lfiid a hanjl to this end, and believing
your ideas popular with tho reading and thinking
public, it does appear to bo practicable to guide these
classes into an affective organization. Besides, all
over the country the working people are anxiously
inquiring into the causes which iutilizo their in-
dustry. They see the effect, but the cause seems to
be hidden to most of them. Mischievous tiieories
of capital are constantly inculcated. Thisleadsto
antagonism, and often labor assails the very means
on which it subsists in its blindness and rage to stiike
at something. At present the woikiug peoples
movements: are aimless, and discordant council* pre-
vail. Through enlightenment and direction thiscan
be developed into a triumph by your election to the
head of the nation, and then, through you, rcach the
consummation so much needed.
Myide.iis that woikiug men would readily run
into organization under the name oi Workingmcn's
League—secret or no s, as expediency should suggest—
and. then, it intelligently and wisely governed., would
soon combine m one whole that entire power ot our
nation, and thus, by seeking special benefit to the
industrial, bless tho nation at large. I his seems the
more feasible to me because the laborers ol this
country, in every department of useful employment,
are more than dissatisfied with the knavery, greed,
and arrogance of the present political parties.
I am a farmer by profession, a Republican m pol-
itics, and that I am not a myth, reter you to Senator
Cameron, who knows me well, though he does not
;ympathize with my notions, and I would ratheryou
r 1 . i. .1*   il. - - ^ W tTi
greatly obliged if you would send a few copies to this
officc.
Respectfully, yours, JO. SEVERNS.
Navy-Yard, Washington, D. C.,
March 29,1809.
Sir: I have the honor to request the favor at your
hands of a copy of the late speech you delivered in
the Senate.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES E. SIMMONS.
Hon. Mr. Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, 1). C.
Philadelphia, March 27,1869.
Sir: Will you be so good as to send me a copy of
your recent speeches in th^ Senate on the tenure-of-
oificebill, and in reply to Senator Nye? I beg leave
to congratulate you on the enhanced reputation those
speeches have won you.
Very respectfully, your
Hon. William Sprague.
Middletown, New Yokk, March 27,1859.
Senator: Pleasesend copies of your lato speeches
i on the tenure-of-offioe bill, and oblige, yours, very
respectfully, JOSEPH D. FRIEJtD.
lion. William Sprague, Senator, Washington, D. C.
Brooklyn', STfiw Yokk, March 27,1809.
Dear Sir: If you print either of your recent
speeches in pamphlet lorm, will you oblige me with
a copy thereof?
Very respectfully, yours, ^
Hon. William Sprague.
PiriSBURG, March 26, 1869.
Senator Sprague : I inu&t have the gratification of
thanking you as one among the lew who remain truo
to our country and her institutions. A htelong
! Republican myself, I fool thai ot late we arc Uniting
! iuto dangerous wateis. ^ T
{ Respectfully, yours, TI-IOMAS MELLOJs,
| Judge of Court of Common Fleaft.
! Treasury Department,
! March 27, 1869.
Sir: 1 inclose a copyof a letter written by me to
' the XewYoik Express, and puggetted by j our speech
, in thc.Senate on Friday of last week. I have long
i been ot the opinion that the national and State Legis-
i laturcs were too exclusively uuder the control of
i lawyers tor the advancement of the public good. \V e
I need more men in Congress like the late J amcs Lloyd,
' of Massachusetts, who was one ot the first merchants
i ot the day; Mr. Silbbee.ofthesame State, and Abbot
1 Lawrence, Nathan Appleton, etc. But the u'llii-
culty is, such men soon become disgusted with public
life as it is at i resent constituted, and retire tiomuio
public councils to the more congenial atmosphere
of private life at the very time when their services
have become valuable to the nation.
Trusting that tho people of Rhode Ibland will sus-
tain you in your present attitude of hostility to legis-
lative emphioism, I have the honor to be, very re-
spectfully, WINSLOW M. WATSON.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
P. S. When your speeches are printed in pamphlet
foim I will thank you for a copy. ,
Boston, March 23,1869.
Mr. Senator Sprague: Anvorking man myself, and
recognizing the truth ot your remarks in the Senate,
I would take it as a tavor it you would send ineafew
copies of your speech lor distribution, and a!>o, if
convenient, such other documents as bear on the mat-
ters spoken of, but, above all, the speech. I would
write to the Representative trom my own district,
but it would in all likelihood amount to nothing.
Yours, truly, THOMAS G. STODDARD.
Columbus, Ohio, March 29,1809.
Sir ■ I beg leave to icquest of you a copy ol your
tpceeh of the 21th instant, in the Senate.
Veiy respectfully, II. E. A\ ERILL.
IIou. William Sprague, United States Senate.
■ Providexce, March 30,13ti3.
' Dear Sir: The puny criticisms on the telegraphic
reports ot yourspeeches by those who arc over ready
! to give you a stab, vanish into thin air alter reading
! the entire speeches. The sledge-hammer strokes
when you bearded the lion in his den have made a
1 lasting impression, and the wonder is that sucn
  . . -~T- ... . I; palpoble facts were not before exposed. ^
did not disclose them to him. Would be pleased to ! you Speak of the "interest with which you listened
know more fully your convictions on the bubject
treated of at your leisure.
With great respect, I remain, yours, truly.
hi. u U X Lli.
His Excellency ex-Governor Sprague,
United States Senate.
Csited States Internal Revenue,
Philadelphia, March 29,1SU9.
My Dear Sir: If your speech in reference to law-
yon, &?.. i* published in pamphlet form,! would bo
to the inaugural address until the President spose
of the saeredness of the debt, when you became dis-
couraged and disheartened. This has been con-
i strued by souie as meaning repudiation instead ot
! what was evidentlyyour meaning, that.you was area
' of this prating about the national debt regardless
of the more momentous and weightier matter ot
legislation for promoting tho prosperity and indus-
tries of the country.  
Yours, faithfully,
Hon. William SpraKiie, Wushinotnii.
