1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
authorities, and when that was gone the liberties of
the people would soon follow." Patrick Henry,
Madison, and the old patriot Nathan Dane shared
these cautions and feared. Jefferson and his com-
patriots also admonished that it " was unsafe to re-
pose too much confidence and power in any party or
majority," &c.
But I need net cite you to these things; you have
read and understand them, and have struck the key-
note bravely on the subject of the tenure-of-office
bill, and X trust it will be followed up and sustained.
I fought three years in the war against the rebel-
lion, am still lame from wounds received there,
and am not now willing to see Congress overthrow
the Government or disturb the harmony and success
of the Union, I am poor, but would rather wheel a
barrow or grade streets than fatten and grow rich
from pilferings on the Government, or truckling to a
power and party, when I believe sincerely it is dis-
gracefully mercenary and usurping. You are not
acquainted with rae, though I know you. Chief
Justice Chase knows rae well. I went to Chicago
and to New York and did all I could in ray humble
capacity to secure his nomination, and I would make
him President to-day if I could. ^
Respectfully, yours, D. S. CXJBTISS,
Late Colonel of Cavalry, .
Hon. W. Sprague, Untied. States Senate.
Baltimore, Maryland, March 24,1869.
Sir: I shall be much indebted if you will forward
to my address as above a copy of the speech delivered
by you on Friday last in the Senate.
Very respectfully, _
W. JEFFERSON BUCHANAN.
Senator Sprague.
Washington, D. C„ March 23,1869.
Honorable Sir: "What of your late speech (on last
Friday,! think,) which I have seen in the Intelli-
gencer, hungers me to read it as a unit, wherefore 1
beg you send me a copy, if to spare. Though not
now, as formerly, an active politician, my every
nerve still thrills to a manly bugle-tone of principle
as good old Uncle Toby or his corporal may be sup-
posed to have still loved the trumpet call which in
former days had led them on to their glad quota of
honor. Krom the few disconnected notes of your
noble strain which have so reached mine cars I am
anxious to hear the whole melody. „iTT^,r
Respectfully, yours, A.G.HALEY.
Hon. "William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington D. 0.
Custom-House, Baltimore,
Surteyor's Office, April 22,1869.
Honored Sir: Would you do me the favor to for-
ward copy of' speech delivered in the Senate on ten-
ure-of-office bill as published in Daily Globe?
Pardon the liberty: but the true interests of our
Government are so seldom broughtbeforethe people
in this day of self-aggrandizement and party pres-
tige that I have assumed to address you, being de-
sirous of showing it to those in sympathy with its
general tenor.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
li. J. ii. cOGGb.
Gettysburg. Pennsylvania,
March 22,1869.
Bear Sir: Would you please send me a copy of
your speech on the tenure-of-office bill?
Very respectfully, yours, ^ jl KRAUm
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Boston, March 22,1859.
Dear Sir: Can you send me a few printed copies of
your speech in the Senate on the 18th instant.
Several parties have requested mo to wnte tor
them; and next to ttie present excitement in
Sprague prints the said speech comes.
Yours, lespectfuliy, WILLIAM D DIM0CK.
lion. William Sprague.
Newport, Rhode Island, March 22,1869.
Hon. William Sprague:
Your recent remarks in the Senate fell like a
shower on a thirsty land, and I sincerely hope, tor
the good of the country, that you will, as 3;ou indi-
cate. follow them up with further action in the same
direction. The lawyer, or rather the pettifogging
element in the United States, has, as I believe, been
the cause of nearly all the difficulties we have ex-
perienced both in our political and financial affairs.
Wlnle there is not a sensible man to be found who
would trust his private business to the management ox
l-iwver^ all seem willing to trust to them the manage-
ment of public affairs while as aclas;> none are so
unfitted to conduct them successfully as tbcj, Ao
nation of Europe was ever more completely ruled by
a corrupt.i.hsnrchy than are now tlio tmitcd States
both in their Federal and State governments, and
tin!ess the people can be induced to apply a remedy
sonn 1 think a inonaudueal Wovernment willJesuit,
tor a tune at least. In tact, if Giant is bad
bo\ond enduraneo, the present state of thin-,* at
AV:i<lmiffto.. Mn>m to threaten,! am not sure but the
people, who-*c representative ho more emphatically
is probably than a.uv Piesident we have ever bad,
not oven excepting "Washington, would sustain him
in tui n in?, Croin well-like, the whole troop ol lawyer.,
a .d pouiloitjfcm out of the Capitol and ordering a
 ew election. Had there been clauses inserted m all
our constitutions, both national and State, prohibit-
ing States sending more than one lawyer to Congress
each, and counties the same in our State Legisla-
tures, I do not believe the late rebellion would have
occurred.
If you would employ some active, capablc man to
collect all the names of Congressmen since the year
1854 and attach to their names their profession and
occupation, and publish them far and wide, I think
that both on the southern and northern side it would
appear that the insatiable, sophistical, hair-split-
ting, domineering men who brought on the conflict,
and who have since aggravated the evils of the times,
have ever been lawyers and pettifoggers. The fact
is they have got the whole country under their con-
trol simply through their excelling in gab and im-
pudence. A young pettifogger who would starve to
death in the prosecution of any honest business that
requires the wit of a. thorough-bred goose to con-
duct has but to plant himself in a rising State and
spout what he has learned by rote from some book
and immediately the gaping multitude pack him off
to Congress. It is easy to make a learned man out
of even a fool, but all the acquired learning in the
world never did, and never can, make a wise man.
Such a man, for instance, as Benjamin Franklin, or
old Roger Sherman, would display more statesman-
ship and judgment in Congress, though they had
never been taught their letters, than has been shown
for the last ten years by all the learned pettifoggers
in Washington. _ ^
Yours, truly, THOMAS R.. HAZARD.
New York, March 22,1869.
Dear Sir: I have followed up the fight you are in,
and can only say that when you pitched into the
lawyers, of which the Senate is mostly composed, you
struck the key-note that is favorably responded to
on all sides. This evil is not only in the Senate, but
it is throughout our whole business operations. Ihey
bedevil everything they get hold of in our mercan-
tile operations—go in for a large share of the pro-
ceeds of failed estates. I am airaid we will not get
rid of it in my day. nrinrr
Very truly, EDWIN IIUGII.
Hon. William Sprague.
1J5 East Thirty-Ninth Street, New York,
March 21,1869.
My Dear Senator: Will you send me a copy of
your speech made the other day on tho finances;
and also a copy to Mr. W. Lea lloberts. No. 2il >v eat
Thirty-third street? and oblige, yours, truly,
E. GEOKGE SQUIER.
Senator Sprague.
Providence, March 21,1869.
Dear Sir: I have read with much interest your
specch in the United States Senate on the; bill to
strengthen the credit of the country, and likeivise
the short one on the repeal of the tenure-of office
bill. You have uttered some bold truths m them both,
and I sincerely than-k you for them. These senti-
ments, thus manfully spoken and defended, must do
good. The people's eyes will be opened. They will
see where the real trouble lies. You say you intend
to say more about these matters. I hope you may.
The people of this as well as the coming generations
will bless you for it.
Most respectfully, yours, ^
Hon. William Sprague.
Lawrence, Massachusetts, March 20,1869.
Sir: I have read only extracts from your speech
upon the fmanccs. I am anxious to read the whole,
and theielore take the liberty to ask you, it not too
much trouble, to send me a copy o^the speech. 1
most deeply teel and fear for the interests ot the
country on account of the apathy oi toe people and
the too evident faithlessness of those m positions oi
power. , x ,
I am, honored sir, your obedient servant,
H. C. BACON,
Attorney at Law.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
163 Broadway, New York, March 20,1869.
Dear Sir: X saw this morning in the World a very
meager synopsis of your speech upon the tenure-ot-
office Question. As an acquaintance, inenrt, as a citi-
zen of the United State?, F wish to return to you my
thanks for that speech. Judging from the synopsis
I think I can congratulate you. Please send me sev-
eral copies of it. Send also one to my father-in-law,
Hon. S. S. Nicholas, Louisville, Kentucky.
The news from Post still more encouraging. He has
no doubt. . , i. , i v ,
Allow me once more to congratulate and thank
you for this speech. It was the very point to make,
; and you made it well, indeed.
j Yours, truly, J- &ICHARD BA&IiET.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington City.
Custom-House, Philadelphia.,
Collector's Oi-fioe, March 20, 18o9.
Honorable Sir: You remarks on the repeal of the
tenure-of-office bill meets with a universal response
bv the workingmen throughout the city. Lncomiuuis
I'll ear every place I go: so go on, go on, go on. lou
have the right key; go in.
Yours, respectfully, JOHN HA\ILAND,
Senator Sprague.
Washington, D. C-, Mar oh 20, 1869.
Dear Sir: Good thinkers are commen, but a'bold
speaker who utters good thoughts is a rarity. Y our
recent effort was a happy combination. Will you
oblige me with a dozen copies of your speeeh for dis-
tribution? _
Yours, respectfully, JAMES GUILD.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., March 18, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you favor me with a copy of your
recent speech, in which you speak of the relative
cost of spindles in Europe and the United States?
I am, yours, most respectfully;
DAVID A. WELLS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Metropolitan Hotel, Washington,
March 10,1869.
My Dear Sir: I listened with interest and,with
much pleasure to your remarks in the Senate yester-
day. Your earnest manner is impressive, and the
high-toned doctrines which you advanced will yet
command the approval of the country. I refer to
yourviews on the subject of claims. Ityouwillsend
me a copy of the bill aboutseals X will write an article
upon it.
Your?, very truly, W. 0. BARTLETT.
Hon. William Sprague.
Holt, Missotfbi, 1809.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me a copy of your
late speeches in the Senate, and oblige, yours, re-
spectfully, „ „ „
D. W. C. TOWNE.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Bangor, Maine.
Governor Sprague: Please send your speeches to
Miss J. S. Luce, East Hampden, Maine.
II. HAMLIN.
Fredericktown, Madison county, Missouri,
April 14,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please do me the favor to send
to me, at the above place, copies of your recent
speeches on the condition of the country?
Very truly, yours,
33. BENSON CABOON,
Attorney at Law.
Senator Sprague, Washington* D. C.
New Orleans, April 1,1869.
Dear Sir: I arrived here from Matamoras on Mon-
day, and leavefor Washington to-moirow,remaining
two days in Tennessee. .
I inclose a leader from the Times newspaper of this
morning, which I think very complimentary to you.
You have struck the right chord, and once the States
of Texas and others are reconstructed you can dic-
tate terms to your opponents, except that you act
inconsistent with your present programme, which is
improbable. ,,T , , __ ,
Very truly, yours, F. W.LATHAM.
Cumberland, Maryland, April 1,1860.
Dear Sir: Will you please cause to be sent to my
address a copy of your late speeeh or speeches in the
Senate about American morals,&c„ madein connec-
tion with the tenure-of-office bill, &c., briet reports
of which I see in the papers, and that it may be ob-
tained in pamphlet form ?
I am glad to find one Senator with manliness
enough to speak of such things. v
Yours,truly, L. b. ZJiv-blji.
Hon. Mr. Sprague.
New York, April 1,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be so kind as to send a copy of
your recent speeches on the state of the country and
the character of representative government to Kev.
Edward Abbott, Cambridgeport, Massachusetts, and
also to me ? „ . T
Although myself of the legal profession, I am in-
clined to think your suggestions as to the professional
character of Congress worthy th* thorough consider-
tion of all patriotic citizens; and I desire to see them
in a more full form than newspaper reports afford.
My brother has been also interested in your views
upon the condition of thecountry, and desires to read
the speeches in lull.
Paidon the liberty I take in this request; and
1 believe me, most respectfully,
j AUST1JN ABBOTl.
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Whitinsville, Mass., April 1,1809.
Dear Sir- Will you please, forward to me the report
of Special Commissioner Wells, of the internal rev-
enue; alsoacopj ofyourlateapeecbesintbe&enater
Yours, respectfully, BOgpvIC?,
Late Acting Assistant Paymaster Xj. S. Navy,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Girard, Pennsylvania, April 1,1869.
! Mv Dear Sir: Will you please haycthekindnessto
send me your speech recently delivered upon the
tenure-of-office act?
With hi«h consideration, ^f^fN°SON.
Hon. William Sprague, jhiited Status Senator.
