762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
Baltimore, April 1,1S69.
Bear Sir: Being one of those who feel a rleep interest
in the future of this nation, and agreeing with you in
the sentiments recently expressed in your speech, i
take the liberty of asking you to send mo a few copies.
Very respectfully,
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Office of Jeffebsonian,
West Chester, Pa., April 1, 1869.
Bear Sir: Can you furnish me with a copy of a
speech made by you a few days ago in which you
took issue against certain measures of the party /
° Ymfrs?truly,°U ^ JOHN HODGSON, Editor.
Fkderalsburg, Caroline county, Md.,
April 1, 1869.
Respected Sir: I will be verv thankful for a copy
of your speech on the social, political, and financial
condition of the country. WTTTTrt
Respectfully, &c., W. A. W ILLIS.
Hon. Mr. Sprague, t
Senate Chamber, Washington, JJ.C.
Office New York Bispatch,
11 Kkaxk.fo.rt street,
Bear Sir: Please find ineloscd some remarks upon
the reported abstract of your timely speech. "Will
vou favor mo with a copy of it when printed at
length, and oblige yours very truly, .-w-pv
A. J. H. OAGAAxsi!<x.
Hon. William Sprague, United State9 Senate.
749 Greenwich street, New York.
Bear Sir: I am -very anxious to read full reports
of your recent speeches in the United States Senate,
as I have been much interested in the brief extracts
that have appeared in the New York papers. You
have earned the approbation of all good citizens by
your fearless exposition of our national dangers.
If you can conveniently I should be obliged to you
for copies of the speeches, sav the last three, and
oblige, W. L. ORMSBY,jr.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington^ J). C.
Baltimore, April 1,1S69.
Bear Sir: Having read some extracts from your
late speech on tlie financial, social, and political con-
dition of the country, and recognizing the truths of
your remarks so boldly and courageously uttered, I
respectfully request that you inclose it to inc tor the
gratification of myself and friends.
Yours, respectfully, MORTIMER, RA3ISEY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Hagerstowx, Maryland, April 1,1869.
Bear Sir: I see by the Baltimore American that
you have refused to act with the Radicals in some
of tbeir proposed measures, and as that paper objects
to your course I take it for granted that you are right,
and shall teel myself much obliged if you will fur-
nish uie with a copy of your speech to which they
object, if you have one to spare. I have no claims on
you further than a mere introduction to you m camp
when your regiment lay a few miles from our town
in th© commencement of the war, and I feel assured
that one whose heart was right then, as your acts
proved yours to he, cannot be far wrong now on the
vexed questions of the day, whatever newspaper
scribblers may say on the subject.
Yrours, most respectfully.
JAMES A. SKINNER,
lion. Senator Sprague, of Rhode Bland.
Baltimore, April 1,1869.
Bear Sir: Will you please send me a copy of your
recent speech on tcnure-of-office bill, &c., if you
have it m pamphlet form ?
Very respectfully, WILLIAM E. WARING.
Hon. William Sprague, Wu*hinytoii, Ij. C.
Cleveland, Ohio.
Sir: Please send me a full copy of your excellent
speech of yesterday. The telegraphic synopsis shows
me that you understand thoroughly the rottenness
of tho present financial and social system. Clearly
perceiving the disease, you, and others like you, may
be led to see the remedy. I hopo soon to meet you
in Washington and get clearer views. It behooves
earnest men to be up and doing.
Yours, with respect and esteem,
G. V. LEWIS.
Pittsburg, April 2,1869.
Sir: Will you favor me with a copy of your recent
speech, and very much oblige, yours,
J. J. YOUNG.
lion. W. Sprague, Washington D. G.
Towanda, Pennsylvania, April 2,1369.
Bear Sir: May I ask the favor of you to send me a
copy of your late speech exposing the moral and
political corruptions of the day? I have seen a
synopsis of it, and it is in exact accordance with my
own views. I have been a radical Democrat from the
time I was a voter, in 1821, up till the commencement
.it the rebellion; and since then I have boon a con-
rervaiive War Bemocrat. sometimes voting foi con-
servative Republicans. I was in favor of th^ nomin-
ation of Judge Chase for tho Presidency; and if lie
had been nominated, as he ought to have been, by
the Democrats, he would have been triumphantly
elected. I want no office; having seived fcii years
as a. clerk of our (Pennsylvania) State senate, and
twenty-six years as clerk of your body, (United States
Senate,) and a short time m the Navy, Land, and w ar
Departments. Unless some ronction m our Govern- j
ment affairs takes place soon it will experience the j
fate of France. There is an alarming parallel m the [
career of radical Republicans here and the radical j
Jacobins of France. We want a conservative P&rty, |
whose aim and objects should be the welfare ot the ;
country, instead of party ascendancy. We want
integrity and economy, a reduction of office salaries
and emoluments to a standard that will make them
less sought after. You are now in a position to intro-
duce a bill with that view. It would receive the
indorsement of the masses, and tbe more it would
be discussed the more popular it would become.
Although I am a lawyer myself, I agree with you that
we have too many ot them in Congress. The habits
of their profession are calculated to cause them totake
one-sided views, especially where their professional
duties impose upon them the necessity of aiding ras-
cals to cheat the law. I was in hopes General Grant
would have arrested the evils of partyism, but 1 fear
he is giving way under its extreme pressure. It is
' so refreshing to see a man of honest independence in
i Congress that although a stranger to you, personally,
! I feel that I ought to subscribe myself y^r triend,
| W. PATTOiS.
j Hon. William Sprague.
| Philadelphia, April 2,1869.
Bear Sir: If convenient to you it would confer a
! great favor by forwarding me a copy of Senator
I Sprague's speech on the tenure-of-omce bill.
| JJANIBL J. PARBBS.
| Hon. Samuel J. Randall, Washington, D. C.
I Fluvaxna Couxty, Virginia,
I April 2,1869. 1
I Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your speech in ;
| ertenso on the late war, slavery, &c., and oblige, i
| very respectfully, R.E.NELSON. j
; Senator Sprague. j
; 1
I Willard's Hotel, i
! Washington, B. C., April 2,1869. j
\ Bear Sir: Will you do us the favor to forward us •
! some copies of your speech, and oblige, your obedient |
i servant' II. S. HANNISS & CO. j
J Hon. William Sprague, Senate Chamber. j
position and circumstances give you commanding
advantages for the exposure and correction of pres-
ent and impending evils, if anything short of the
purging power of an anti-revolution of blood and
violence can relieve tho country of the combined
political and financial incubus which now. like an
oppressive and stilling nightmare, weighs down and
bits upon the nation. Though a theologian by edu-
cation, my mind naturally reverts to the practical
questions of the day, whether moral, social, or finan-
cial, and I feel a spontaneous sympathy with ani.iu
who has tho moral couragc to cope with the evils of
the day, and lift the veil from the party idols at
whose shrine a deluded and defrauded people are
content to worship. With your means and control-
ling intelligence, hitherto directed so much toward
the increase of your material resources, could you
not effect much by the establishment of papers in
different sections of the country which should be
devoted to constitutional principles and practical
statesmanship in opposition to partisan and poht-
i ical trickery ? I should much like to devote my own
j powers to such a paper, the title of which should be
! the Christian Statesman or Patriot. Bat the diffi-
' culty with me is the want of means, fori am myself
I crushed by the times, and with a heart-broken wife,
! who was a widow with two orphan children, I am
1 unable to provide for them, because I have no ltiter-
. est-paying bonds, though a man of literary culture
' and attainment and reputed talent. But what is
character, intellect, and integrity in the present
1 moral and financial condition of the countiy weighed
against political knavery and successtul rascality,
i backed and bolstered up by interest-bearing Gov-
! eminent bonds? Since, in the course of this letter, 1
i have alluded to my own personal condition, like
that of so many others, as consequent upon the
change of times and the enormous expense of liv-
' ing, I will venture to do violence to my native deli-
. cacy and those refined sensibilities cherished once
; by more auspicious ciicumstances by oficiiug tne
humble services of my pen and talents in anyhonor-
i able way which shall combine a provision for my
; family with the moral and political interests of our
injured and oppressed country. Should my eircum-
1 stances and unemployed powers, languishing for the
want of the necessary patronage to bring them into
;, useful action, enlist your sympathy as much a? your
1 position and views have mine, it may be that you
i can devise some mean3 through which lcancon-
tribute to their popular influence and extension for
|i the good of our common country. This is a far
I nobler motive and principle oil which to make my
appeal than any which should be merely personal
■ and pecuniary, and a susceptibility to which oil your
■ part could not compromise your senatorial honor
and dignity, while it would do honor to your per-
sonal sympathy and magnanimity, both as a man
I and a patriot.
i Yours, very respectfully, <->. H. 10^\ ELL.
; P. S. Please send me a copy of your speech.
Baltimore, April 2,1809.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send us two |
or three copies of your speech on the tenure-of-office j
k \ours, respectfully, JAMES LUCAS & SON.
Hon. Mr. Sprague. ^
Libertyville, Lake county, Illinois, ■
April 2,1S69.
Honored Sir: If your speech on the public credit
bill is in print you will confer a very great favor by
sending me a copy.
Your most obedient servant, T
JAMES W. LIM).
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 2,1869.
Hon. William Spiague: \i
I take the liberty to inclose my leading editorial
of yesterday. It is hut right that public men who
have assumed a bold and independent position should ;
know how the country sustain"* them. Eorthisreason, '■
and with no desire to insult you by personal fhtteiy, • t
I have deemed it proper to send you the verdict of i1
my paper, which has nearly as laige a circulation as
the Evening Post, and among the same classes.
I am, dear sir, yours truly, u
.T. M. BLNDl,
Editor Xe>c York Evening liluil. '
Grafton, "West Virginia, April 2,18G9. '
Bear Sir: Will you please send me a few copies of ji
your late speech in the Senate, and very much oblige t,
yours, ike., il. M. MALLONEB. ji
Senator Sprague. !'
Hagerstown, Maryland, April 2,1809. }i
Bear Sir: Though personally a stranger to you, j!
yet I find myself in sympathy with the bold, manly, i!
and patriotic position recently assumed by you on ij
the floor of the Senate in relation to the ruling fac- : j
tion now madly and recklessly rioting on the ruins jj
of a debauched, defrauded, and distracted country, j;
whose seeming prosperity, partial as it is, is founded i;
upon political and financial fraud, which can rely jj
: for its support and perpetuityupon nothingshort of ;
1 military lorce and violence. The misfortune of the
: country is that it has fallen into the hands of selfish J
! andspeculatingpoliticiaris, who, intoxicated bytheir \
\ own short-lived official importance and the Hatter- |
ing unction of place and power, are incapable alike of ;
perceiving or of sympathizing with the true and very j
i grave condition of tho Republic as it appears to more
discerning, philosophical, andreflectingminds. Your
Jacksonville, Florida, April 2,1869.
Bear Sir: Would I be asking too much of you to
send me acopy of your speech delivered lately m the
Senate, and oblige, very respectfully, M
G. M-. \  h-ljljfo.
Senator Sprague, Vi'n«h,inotmi, !>. V.
Norwich, Yebmoxt, Windsor county,
April 3,18(30.
Dear Sir: "Will you please send mo copies of your
late speeches delivered m theUnited States Senate .
Yours, truly,
A. J. DA\ 16.
Hon. William Sprague.
New RocnELLK, N. Y., Aprils, 1869.
Honorable Sir: Allow me, as a Providence boy, to
thank you for the late speech you have made in the
United States Senate. Would be pleased to get one
in pamphlet form. „ _ , ,
Yours, truly, GEORGE . LOl D.
Y'ASHixGrox, D. C., Aprils, 1869.
Sir: Will you favor me with one or more copies of
your late speeches in the Senate, and bMigc, very
respeotfully, your obedient servant
JAMES E. WILLIA Jib.
Uon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Three Tuns, Pa., April'A, 1869.
Dear Sir: >Tot having the pleasure of your personal
acquaintance, excuse the liberty I now talio in apk-
ins the favor of aeopy of your late sDoeehin the Uni-
ted States Senate on the social, political, and nnaneial
condition of the country, and you will greatly oblige,
very respectfully, your obedient™*,
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 3,1860
Sir: 1 have read extracts from your speeches w: i
great interest, and have the honor respectfully i >
request that you will forward the entire speeches to
me, and greatly oblige, your
Hon. William Spyaguo, .
United States Senate, Washington, 1). c.
Boston, april o, 1S69.
Sir: I should like very much to get a copy of a full
1 report of your recent speeches in the Senate, which
| have caused so much sensation simong pohtici.iiis. x
| havo been waiting many years f<5r some one to havo
! the courageto speak as I beiioveyou have done: ami
