764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
the city would be pleased to confer with you a half
hour or so.
Respectfully, yours,
A. B. ROBINSON'.
Hon. William Sprague.
Cambridge, Massachusetts, April 6,1869.
Bear Sir: Will you send a copy of each of your
speeches to
J. K. ADAMS.
lion. William Sprague.
Baltimore, April 6,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me a half dozen
copies of your late speeches on tho state of the coun-
try? And may God help you in trying to set this
great country on its feet again; and oblige your obe-
dient servant,
WASHINGTON KELLY.
Hon. W. Sprague, United States Senate.
Providence, April 6,1869.
Sir: Your speeches are called for very often, and
we should like to have whatever you are disposed to
send us. If they are free we can distribute them .ill
over the State better than any one else can, and will
do so with great pleasure, as we believe you have
been telling lots of truth.
We can use without wasting them about five hun-
dred toonethousand. If there is any wayyou propose
to distribute them you will inform us.
Yours, respectfully,
TILLINGHAST & MASON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Sixth N itional Bank,
New York, April 6, 1869.
Sir: Please favor me with a few copies of your late
speech.
Very respectfully, JOHN W. B. DOBLER.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator.
New York, April 7,1869.
Dear Sir: I would be much pleased to receive one
dozen copies of your recent speech. I wish to send
them to various friends. Your kind attention will
much oblige, very truly, yours,
T. II. BELT, jr.
Senator Sprague.
Green Point, New York,
April 7, 1869.
My Dear Sir: I am glad that there is one public
ipan who dares to call things by their right name.
Will you please send mesome copies of that speech?
They ought to be put into the hands of every man,
woman, and child in the land. If something is not
done, and that speedily, too, to stay the tide of corrup-
tion, irnmoralits'. and reckless extravagance which is
engulfing us, all the country will be ruined.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
Tr w.f . „ THOMAS D. JONES.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington.
Boston, April 7.1869.
Honorable and Dear Sir: Will you send us copies
of your recent speeches, either as contained in the
Globe or in pamphlet shape?
Very resp ectfully, W. S. GOSS & CO.
Patebsox, New Jersey, April 7,1830.
^ Sir: Pleasesendme acopyofeachofyourspeeches
in the Senate since the inauguration of Piesideut
Grant.
Respectfully, GEORGE S. HILTON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Buffalo, New York, April 6,1869.
Dear Senator: I have no doubt you are, in the main,
right, and that the next census, unless baspiy "man-
ipulated," will prove it.
Will you do mo the favor to send me a series of your
speeches,if practicable? I see youspeak of publish-
ing several of them. I write a great deal for the
press, and thus communicate to the publicsuch views
and iniormation as I deem valuable, and your
speeches certainly abound in these materials. There-
fore, I pray you, put my name on the list of those to
whom you send copies.
Yours, very respectfully, R. HADFIELD.
_ Washington, D. C., April 7,1839.
Fernando Wood directs me to re-
quest that you send to my address for distribution to
some or his constituents twenty-five copies oi your
speech lately delivered in the Senate.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
W. HENRY WHITE, Secretary.
Hon. William Sprague.
Baltimore, April 7,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send me
copies ol your larespeeches?
Very respectfully, vours,
0 CHARLES W. COOKE.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. G.
Alexandria Virginia, April 8,1869.
Dear Sir: I will thank you for copies of vour recent
speeches, not omitting the one promised to be deliv-
ered by you a day or two .since.
4 One million bales cotton do not require five mil-
lion tons shipping; nor do one million bales em-
ploy as many factories, nor so many of the working
classes. The ramifications are apparent to any think-
ing, reflecting, business man; yet a cotton crop of
one million may show larger money figures.
Excuse mc. I am a stranger to you; but have been
an observer of these matters many years. I have
witnessed the increase of ships in capacity of ton-
nage and in numbers corresponding with tho in-
creased productof cotton and, alas! Ihave also wit-
nessed the decline in tonnage with the decline in the
cotton and tobacco, and other material products.
I am, very respectfully,your obedient servant,
JOHN F. DYER, jr.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
Brooklyn, New York, April 8,1869.
My Dear Sir: Having read with an exceeding
degree of pleasure the telegraphic report of the
speech recently delivered by you in the Senate, and
so fully agreeing with all you said, has made me
anxious to see and read the entire speech as revised
and corrected. If not asking too much I would like
you to send mc one or more copies. The sentiments
you have so truthfully and forcibly enunciated will
find a lodgment in the hearts and mind of the busi-
ness man eveiywhere. A few more such speeches
will do a deal of good.
Respectfully, yours, W. STRINGFIELD.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington City, JD. C.
Baltimore, April 8,1869.
Will you be so kind as to send a copy of your late
speech, and oblige ?
Your obedient servant,
P. W. SHEPARD.
Hon. William Sprague.
Accomac Court-house, Virginia,
April 8,1869.
Dear Sir: Allow an humble citizen of Virginia to
thank you for your able, far-sighted, clear-sighted,
independent speech of the 24th ultimo. It is the
speech of a wise, bold, sagacious statesman, whose
whole heart throbs with love for his country. With-
out some change in the Government of tho country,
you have made it clear to the meanest comprehen-
sion, that anarchy, disorder, ruin, and despotism
must sooner or later be our fate. Your speech has
created an earnest inquiry into the condition of the
country, and the people are looking with the deeoest
anxiety and interest fur your future developments
and your plan of saving the country. The country
looks to you as a faithlul, fearless sentinel in your
high place in the Senate to expose the corruptions,
the abuses, and the ignorances of our nationalLegis-
lature. The lesponsibiht-y of your position is great,
requiring talents, learning, honesty, perseverance,
and incorruptible integrity. These your rccent
speeches show you possets in an eminent degree.
Exercise them boldly, fearlessly for the good of your
country, and a high and honorable future awaits
you; and what is more to be prized than all, you
will have the conscious satisfaction of knowing you
havo served and saved your country. I flatter no
man. I speak the honest convictions of my heart
when I say your position before the country is more to
be desired than any public man before the country.
I am glad to see you are disposed to do the South
j usiice, and to restore peace and prosperity to us. You
certainly understand our condition, our interests
and wishes better than any Senator whose speeches
I have read.
I am too poor to take the papers, and will be
obliged to you, when you can with entire conven-
ience spare from other quarters your speeches, if you
will send me a copy of them. I will read them and
hand them around, as I have done, to my neighbors.
In speaking of ray poverty, I do not rlo so eom-
plainingb'. It is true, I have lost everything in my
old age, and mu*t begin life anew; but I do not
despair or whine about my misfortunes, but with a
brave heart have gone to work and adapted myself
to the circumstances that surround me. Your own
successful and honorable career is before our young
men to encourage and sustain them.
Allow me to subscribe myself, very respectfully
and truly, yours,
w wir a P.F.BROWNE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Washington, D. C., April 10,1869.
Sir: As you appear to be seeking the bestinterests
of the laboung masses, I herewith inclose my views
on the payment of the five-twenties in legal-tenders,
thinking you will, perhaps, agree with me on some
of the points taken. The speech you made in the
Senate, in which you said there were too many law-
yers in that body, there being forty-five out of sixty-
j-ix members, and five of the remaining had received
legal educations, I consider the best effort of the
session. Since then you have carried things some-
what to extremes; but upon the whole.it is a move-
ment in the right direction.
Yours, truly,
Hon. William Sprague.
BRYAN TYSON.
Hyde Park, New York, April 1 i, 1869.
Dear Sir: I would feel much obliged were you to
forward to my address the sneeches you delivered
recently in the United States "Senate.
Vour obedient servant, '
ROBERT L. LIVINGSTONE. j
irion. Senator feprague. '
IIagerstown, April 7,1869.
My Dear Sir: Allow me to express the gratification
with which I read in one of the papers a brief refer-
ence to your purpose of establishing in Washington a
metropolitan paper, which I trust, through a nappy
combination of int cllectual and pecuniary resources,
will become the model paper of the age, conserva-
tive in all great constitutional and fundamental
principles, while truly progressive in policy, or in
their practical application to theunhappycondition
of our country. Liable as we are at any time, in tne
present political abpectof Europe, with arevolution-
ary spirit everywhere abroad, to b© involved in for-
eign difficulties, it is manifest that we need a much
higher order of statesmanship than that which now
dominates and predominates in our national coun-
cils; a statesmanship broad and comprehensive, co-
extensive with our imperial domain and diversified
interests and resources, and not to be trammeled by
the petty and partial considerations of personal and
party ambition. It is truly refreshing to turn from
the party and political wranglings of our American
Congress, who&e progress may be compared to that
of a tread-horse in a mill, one ceaseless round yet
no advance, with the statesmanship of that imperial
mind which now presides over and rules the destiny
of France. In his brief remarks,while presiding over
the Council of State on the 23d of March, he thus
speaks: "It is the duty of the Government reso-
lutely to satisfy a just desire for improvement, and
firmly to repress all subversive theories, which are
both unlawful and culpable. Many improvements
have already been effected, but when the hidden
wounds of the most prosperous people are probed,
beneath an appearance of prosperity many unde-
served cases of distress are discovered." 44 Great
problems stillremain to be solved, and their solution
requires the cooperation of thewhole intellectof the
country." The internal administration of Louis Na-
poleon isnot perhaps equaled by that of any crowned
head in Europe; heseetns to combine the heart of his
grandmother, Josephine, sympathetically alive to the
wants andinterests of the lowliest, with the compre-
hensive genius and more than the fa r-reachine states-
manship of the first Napoleon, his great-uucle. But
if there are great problems yet to be solved by this
master mind for the advancement of France and the
prosperity of her people, where is the mind equal to
the solution of the problerif before us m extneating
this great country from the thraldom in which it is
being involved more and more from day to day by
packed and party legislation for personal and cor-
poration purposes and cupidity, to the increasing
oppression of that class which most needs the pro-
tection ana fostering care of the Government ? You
arc engaged in a noble cause; so that in such a cause
I can but envy you your position and your means.
Go on; and may the Good Being speed you with
every helping and sustain mg influence, for the strug-
gle which awaits you with such men as shall oppose
you will be like that of the archangel Michael when
contending with the devil for the body of Moses after
his spirit had departed. But the struggle is a noble
one, worthy of an angel's power, and mo3t gladly
would I, in such a cause, the cause of humanity as
well as of the State, give you any assistance which
my pen or talents could afford, for my own circum-
stances are such as are well calculated to stir to their
profoundest depths my heartfelt sympathies with
those who arc the greatestsufferers from the present
unequal condition of things, a condition so foreign
to the spirit and intended practical operation of our
Government, which should not "give up to party
what was meant for mankind/' Excuse me for my
prolixity.
Yours, very respectfully, C. II. POWELL.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Woodensburg, Md., April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Having seen an analysis of your speech
upon the tenure-of-offioo repeal bill, and actuated
by a desire to peruse the whole speech I take the
liberty of asking you to send a few copies to my
address.
JAMES II. WILSON, 31, B.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Brooklyn, New York, April]", 1869.
My Dear Sir: I am in a " big fight" at the capital
against the baibarism <>t the gallows. Tne North-
west has banished the gibbet, and lam now opening
the question in the middle States. Your State has
long been right on this question.
My labors are sustained by the voluntary dona-
tions of the friends of the cause. If consistent with
your views I should be pleased to acknowledge a
small donation towaid oui cause.
Permit me to say that I most heartily indole the
bold stand you have taken against the "caucus" and
"ring" prodigality with which the country is cursed.
I return to Albany to-night.
Hopmg atVome future timo to make your personal
acquaintance, I remain, dear sir, vouis.verv truly,
MARVIN JI, BOVEE.
Horn William Sprague,
Senate Chamber, Waxhington, jD. C.
Custom-House, Boston,
April 7, lboD.
Dear Sir: Yours is received, informing uie that * ou
will send copy nf speech as soon as punted. Since
tnen lha\o been leading what I could find in tho
paper*, as tbey appe tr from day to day, oi ymu other
t-poeebe.*, and 1 am anxious to have opies of all.
Th'-y arc creating quite a stir and talk. In fuel, it is
a long time since we have had anything of the kind.
S_> free, so independent, and fo true, I mustsav they
have tho light ring to them. Remuiks similar to
these I hear every day in tho cars and at other places.
