18(39.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
Covington, Indiana, April 17,1869.
SirI have read in a newspaper some extracts
fiota a speech recently delivered by you in your
phice in the United States Senate which makes me
desirous ot reading it in its entirety. It' not too
in uch trouble to you I shall receive it as a kindness
at your hands it you will send me a copy of it. If
> on should desire a reference, I can refer to Hon. G.
S. Onh, of the House of Representatives.
Very respectfully,
SAMUEL J. WELDON.
lion. William Sprague, United State* Senate.
New York. April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me a copy of your
recent speeches for my library use ?
Respectfully, T. F. GIBBONS.
Hon. William Sprague.
New Hampshire: Patriot Office, -j
Concord, New Hampshire. ■
April 17,18(59. !
Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your latcspcech >1
in the United States Senate, and oblige, yours, re-
spectfully,
WILLIAM P. HILL.
Hon. William Sprague.
Philadelphia, April 17,1869.
Sir: Understanding that your late speeches have
been published in pamphlet form, may I ask the
favor of you to forward me a few copies for self and
friends, as the reports in the papers are but meager ?
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS E. SHE WELL.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Boston, April 16,1869.
Dear Sir: If your recent speeches in the Senate
are in print, will you kindly forward me a copy and
greatly oblige, very truly, yours, -o-mvmo
xv. r. BlilGGo.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Pittsburg, Pa., April 17,1869.
Honorable Sir: The newspapers give such meager
and garbled extracts of the speeches lately delivered
by you that it is impossible to form any idea of their
purport, and having a great desire to know your
views on the "situation," I take the liberty of ask-
ing for copies of them. Hoping that you may find it
convenient to comply with my request, and that you
will pardon the presumption of a stranger, I remain,
very respectfully, yours,
J. C. LiiiJivil.
Hon. William Sprague,
United Stales Senate, Washington, I). G.
Warren, Mass., April 17, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me copies ot your
late speeches, and oblige a foimer resident ot Provi-
dence.
GEORGE M. NEWTON.
lion. William Sprague.
New Yokk, April 17,1369.
Dear Sir: If convenient may I tax your kindness
for ten copies of your last speech ?
Assuring you that tile course you have of late
pursued meets the hearty concurrence not only of
my humble self but of all my tiiends, I remain, very
reSP°CtfaUy- A. M. SOIELDO, jr.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, 1J. C.
Philadelphia, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: As a Rhode Islander I still feel a lively
interest in everything that relates to the affairs of my
native State. Wiliyousend me yourrocent speeches
111 the Senate? I cordially approve your course, and
hope you will be sustained.
Yours, truly, W. L. DENNIS.
Hon. William Sprague. ^
Baltimore, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: As I understand you are having your
.speeches printed, I would be much obliged to you
for a copy of them. TAwrvmnT
Very respectluilv, D. LO^ 1IIAL.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Baltimore, AprilYi, 1869.
My Dear Sir: I have read your speeches with a
~n\it deal of pleasure in the newspapers, and.J.
thought I would ask you to oblige me with copies m
i. imphlet form. I desire them for future refcronee.
Very respectfully, your obed.ent^an^^^
Hon. Wm. Sprague, Washington, JJ. U.
New York, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir; Will you have the kindness to favor
me with ton copies of your recent speeches in the
United States Senate to be distributed among my
jriends? Ill closing I would say push forward and
drive the rogues who now are ruining the country,
dnve them from their hiding-place?, unveil taein
before the people, that they may see in reality what
kind of men they are who now have control oi our
commerce, and are the controllers oi our finances.
By conforming to my request you wiligreatly oblige,
your humble servant,
ANDREW B. CARPENTER.
Hon. William Sprague.
Brooklyn, New York, April 17,1869.
Sir: Having read extracts from your sp6eches de-
livered in the Senate Chamber with interest, I would
esteem it a favor if you will send them to me in full.
Your strictures upon the corruption of our eminent
public men and the ruinous results of their imprac-
ticable legislation on finances and taxation is not
only correct, but will be cordially indorsed by every
thinking, unprejudiced Republican; and as agitation
is the mother of reformation, " stick" to your child
until it is permanently established and able to defend
itself is the sincere wish of yours, respectfully.
JOHN T. GILES.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, D. C.
Ashland, Hanovbk county, Virginia, ;i
April 17, I860.
Dear Sir: Please do me the favor to send nie a
c py of your late speech in the Senate. It is ex-
tremely gratifying to find one gentleman at leastin
high place rise to the level of statesmanship unheal-
ing the public wounds and arresting the inevitable
ruin which mere partisanship will work for the morals
and the strength and prosperity of the country.
I took the liberty of addressing you a line some
days ago in behalf of the college which we have just
removed to this place. On Henry Clay's natal spot,
it will be to him a monument such as he would first
have chosen. We have much need to repair our
apparatus, injured by negro occupancy of the college
buildings. We are very anxious, also, to found and
endow a Henry Clay professorship, that we may have
his name in highest remembrance. We venture to
hope that the great manufacturers of our country,
among whom you stand a prince, will sympathize m
this design and will add of their wealth to the con-
tributions of our extreme poverty. If the subject
interests you please be good enough tofaror me with
aline of answer. * ^,r-rmTr
Very respectfully, R- M. SMIxIl.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Pittsburg, April 17.1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me one
or two copies of the speeches lately delivered by you
in the United States Senate? Our papers have only
published the meager extracts from telegraphic
Very'respectfully, W. S. PURVIANCE.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me your late speeches, and
obhge, yours, truly, E.A.MANN.
Hon. William Sprague.
Newark, N. J., _ripW219,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me your recent
speeches in the United States Senate? I am very
desirous of reading them in full. In sending them
please direct to jraNK P. NORTON.
Mr Sprague.
Philadelphia, 1869.
Sir- Your recent speeches in the United States
Senate are doing the work of awakening the masses
to a proper appreciation of the impending danger to
tr,e Republic. Like a faithful sentinel you aresound-
ing the alarm. Keep on in the good work. Please
send me some copies of your speeches. I can and
will use them to advantage. WT.T ctT
Truly, yours, JOH^N LLSII.
Hon. William Sprague. .
United States Senate, Washington, V. u
161 Franklin street, Baltimore,
April 19, 1869.
Sir: Please do me the favor of remitting copies of
vour late speeches.
By so doing, much oblige, respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, 6E0RGE F. ARMOR.
Hon. Mr. Sprague, United States Senator.
Philadelphia, April 19,1S69.
Sir: Will you be kind enough to forward me copies
of your recent speeches in the United States Senate
on national finances, and oblige j-ours respectfully,
C. MAYER ZULICk.
Hon. William Sprague,
United, States Senate, Washington, V. 6.
Cockbysvilli:, Md„ April 19,1S6S;
My Dear Sir: Do be kind enough to send m e copies
of v'our recent admirable speeches delivered m the
United States Senate, and very much oblige your
iriend, PHILIP A. BALL.
Senator Sprague, of Rhode Island.
PmiuinuHiA, Avril 19.1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me a
copy of your recent speeches for reform, and very
muoh oblige, your obedient servant, ^
WILLIAM ^ PKlLh.
l! Hon. William Sprague.'
Appomattox county, Virginia,
April 9,1809.
Dear Sir: I will be much gratified if you will send
me a copy of your speech made some time since in
the United States Senate.
Very respectfully, JESSE T.DAVIDSON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Sterling, Illinois, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: For sometime past I have been reading
extracts from your speeches with an increasing in-
terest, but as 1 can only get a "bit here and there'-'
in the papers Iwould thank you to send me speeches
and documents of like character that may serve to
post me on the doings of the Senate. Living so far
as we do from Washington 44 distance may lend en-
chantment to the view," and which may be entirely
changed upon a closer examination.
Very truly, yours, JOHN W. ALEXANDER.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Atl vnta, Georgia, April 9,1869.
Dear Sir: Having seen many extracts published
oi your recent speech in the Senate, I am very anx-
ious to secure a copy, and respectfully request that
you will furnish me with one.
Hoping you will comply with my request, I am,
respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. C. BILLINGS.
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Peru, Indiana, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to forward at
your earliest convenience a package of your late
speeches, and greatly oblige, yours, truly,
HENRY DUTTON.
lion. William Sprague, Washington.
State House, Boston, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: I should not trouble you again, having
done so once with a note to which I have yours of
March 17 in reply, if I had not just heard something
which both surprises and gratifies me, and at the
same time shows that there is more than one reason
for the strange, almost insane hostility shown toward
you lately by the leading Republican papers and
party men, who evidently are more afraid of you
than they would dare to acknowledge.
I have been told by those who profess to know,
that you believe, as I do, that our friends who have
gone beiore us to the other world can and do return
and aid us in any good work we may undertake here;
and I can assure you from a pretty long and severe
experience that the person in your position or mine
who entertains and dares to express such belief runs
gieat risk of losing caste with all the people, who
never accept the truth or abandon old error until
they have ascertained whether the Scribes and Phar-
isees have done so or not.
Perhaps I need not tell you how it has been with
Professor Hare, Judge Edmunds, Epes Sargent,
William and Mary Ilowitt, and hosts of others, who
until they became spiritualists were considered quite
respectable, but never afterward.
I do not fear that you will be frightened out of
your propriety by any loss of this sort, and perhaps
you know already how much independence costs.
I have only desired to say to you that all of us here
who have had this sort of experience know what it
means and can sympathize with you.
I should be very glad indeed, if at any time yon
are likely to be in Boston, I might see you for an hour
or so, and discuss this question of open communi-
cation with the other world, and also exchange
views in regard to our finances and the proper treat-
ment of the debtsnowduem currency ordepreciated
dollars. . .
It has seemed to me that the President in his in-
augural points toward some measure by which j ustice
should be secured to the debtors, and I have great
confidence that it is within the power of a compari-
tively small number of persons in your position, in
concert with him, to bring about immediate resump-
tion without any risk of a financial crisis, which
otherwise we shall be likely to experience.
I think you will agree that it is desirable to get
back to the old standard without bankrupting the
debtors by obliging them to pay $100 in gold when
they only owo $100 in paper, equal to seventy-five or
seventy-six dollars in gold, and thatweshoulddono
iniustice to the creditors by providing in repealing
the legal-tender act that all old currency contracts
then existing shall be paid at their real value in the
new dollars or gold currency. This would be just to
ail parties, and I want very much that you should
see it as I do, and then between yourself and the
President and a few others contrive some mode by
which Congress can be made to see it so, and act
accordingly.
With justice to the West and to all debtors we can
have peace. Butwithout this there can be no peace,
and therefore I shall confidently hope that you will
be influenced by your friends who have gone before
us to a higher, broader life, to take up the question
and treat it from their stand-point, so that we may
at last have it settled, and settled equitably.
If you think it is likely that I can see you, or you
feel that the idea I have offered is worth considera-
tion, please let me hear from you. Otherwise, do not
take your time to write, for I would not tax you un-
'i necessarily.
;i Truly and reSpecta.lly,youAr,tii)wiijl)Elli
: FormcAy State Auditor.
Hon. William Sprague, .
*' United >Sf'xk3 bmnte, Wt/ohiunton, J), C.
