1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
Columbus, Ohio, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: In behalf of many of our laboring men
of rhiis vicinity I have to request a few copies of your
admirable speech in behalf of the masses. Rest
assured, sir, that you bave touched the popular heart,
and your elToi ts will ultimately meet with its reward.
I am. sir, very respectfully,  .
Hon. W. Sprague, United States Senate.
Chicago, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you favor mo with your speeches,
and oblige? GEO. H. HULBURT.
Hon. William Sprague.
Chicago, April 19,1S69.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. G.:
I take the liberty of asking you for two copies of
your late speeches in the United States Senate—one
lor a friend and one for nay own use.
I am glad there is one man who dares to speak the
truth on the floor of the United States Senate.
Please direct to mo at 276 South Water street,
Chicago. •
Yours, very respectfully,
J. W. BRIDGMAN.
Boston, AprillQ, 1869.
Dear Sir: Although a stranger, allow me the lib-
erty to say, I have been very much gratified by read-
ing even cxtractsof yourlatespeechesin the Senate,
aud to ask you to favor me with a copy of the same.
Very respectfully, J. B. ROBINSON.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Columbia, Pa., April 19,1869.
Sir: I would be very thanktul if you will send to
my address a copy or two of your late speech, deliv-
ered on the finances, &c.
Yours, respectfully, J. M. WATTS,
lion. William Sprague.
Washington, D. C., April\%, 1869.
Dear Sir: If you could furnish me a few copies of
your lute speeches, you will much oblige your obe-
dient servant,
WILLIAM F. PROSSER.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Omaha, April 19, 1S69.
Sir: The extracts of your recent eloquent and able
speech it has been my pleasure to read have so im-
pressed me with the importance of their extensive
distribution in their entirety that I presume, as pres-
ident ot the National Labor League of this State, and
at the earnest solicitation of many of my friends, to
seek at your hands the favor of a few copies. ^
I am, sir, sincerely yours, &c. E. RODNEY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Hillsdale, Mich., April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: I am very anxious to read a copy of your
speech in extenso which you recently delivered in
the Senate. From all i can gather from the com-
meuts in the newspapers the speech is full of sug-
gestive ideas. I will therefore be greatly obliged to
you if you will furnish me a copy at your earliest con-
Yours, respectfully, E. H. C. WILSON.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
New York, April 20,1S69.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. (7. .* i
My superintendent, Dr. Pratt, not wishing to part
with the inclosed Boston letter without my fii&t see-
ing it, has sent the inclosed two letters with request
that I mail them to you from here. And as I believe
your effortsrespecting the financial legislation of the
country will be conducive of much good to the labor-
ing people, I take the liberty of adding a few words
fioin myself. I have not written asking lor your
speeches because I fully expected you had me down
on i our list for a copy of each anyway; but from
pre«ent indications the demand will be so greatthat
1 fear I shall be overlooked, but X hope not. May
vour exertions to rouse the people of this country to
a realizing sense of their actual position and toward
what condition they are drifting meetwith that suc-
cess your earnestness deserves. Hie people have
been thinking upon this vital question of finance;
you have set them to talking and arguing about it,
and the result must be ol benefit to them, ihe
greatness of the benefit depends upon the prompt-
ness with which they act intho matter of compelling
their servants in Congress to legislate upon the busi-
ness matters of the country like businessmen, and
nor like a set of railroadstock jobbers. Iwouldwrite
much moro than the above, however, to show where
1 am on the question of wealth vs. labor.
With the best wishes for your success, I remain,
youis, respectfully, N. B. ILLIAMS.
Ballston Spa, Saratoga county, N. Y.,
April 20,1869.
Sir: Your late noble and patriotic attack on the
crcat monopolies which are devouring the best in-
terests of our country meets with approval on the
soil of Saratoga. Her sons are as true to-day as in
76, and with the same determined spirit with which
they met and conquered the invading hosts oi .Brit-
ain and in later times sent forth her sons to cue on
many a southern field in defense of our union ot
States will rally to the support of the man who dares
to raise his voice in opposition to the giant irauas
ut' to-day. We have, a^ elsewhere, men who think a
"national debt a national blessing" to their own
private interests. But your stirring utterances on
the floor of the Senate has given them the "Grecian
bend." Go on, sir, in your laudable work, and the
praise of the people will be your reward. I am glad
that you are distributing your speeches in pamphlet
to open the people's eyes. I am a Republican, but
do not see that party ties lead me to follow blindly
in the ruts worn by the old political hacks who have
fastened themselves on our party. I would feel it a
pleasing duty to aid in distributing your speeches in
this county,
stYours, for the right, E. R. MASON.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Harrisburg, April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me a printed copy of your
speech delivered in the Senate a few weeks since.
Oblige yours, very respectfully,
A. E. KINGPORT.
Senator Sprague.
Council Bluffs, Iowa, April!!, 1869.
Dear Sir: You will please send me a copy of your
speech delivered in the Senate, and oblige one whose
first vote was cast for you for Governor of Little
Rhody.
Your obedient servant,  .
Hon. William Sprague.
Cincinnati, April 20,1869.
Honored Sir: Will yjou please favor theundersigned
with one or two copies of your last spccea delivered
before the United States Senate? With us it is dub-
appreciated.
Respectfully, yours, A. BLOOM.
Hon. William Sprague,
United Slates Senator, Washington, D. C.
Cincinnati, Ohio, April 19,1869.
Honored Sir: The undersigned most respectfully
requestsof youacopy of your late speeches delivered
in the Senate.
I have the honor to remain your most obedient
servant,  •
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Baltimore, April 21, 3869.
Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your spcech
recentlydeliveredin the Senate of tbeUnited States.
Yours, &c., W. G. FURLONG.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Reception-room, Senate.
Senator Sprague:
How can X most directly secure several copies of
yourlateremarkablespecches? The demand among
my friends is so great that I despair of supplying it
unless I can get nearer the fountain-head. Pardon
the intrusion, and believe me, very truly, your
friend, Mrs. DUNCAN.
Wattsville, Va„ near Horntown,
April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please have the kindness to
send me a copy of your recent speech on congres-
sional corruption? I feel a great desire to read it,
and as we are unrepresented m Congress I apply to
you for this favor.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. PAPvbOiSb.
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 9,18G9.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me your volcanic
speech, not the last, which is more tartarian, but the
one previous?
The doctrine of free trade must eventually prevail
in this country. Whoever becomes its champion in
Congress will be on the topmost wave of popular
favor. This question will become a political ques-
tion at no distant day. Republican as I am, I shall
work for the success of so just a cause.  
Yours, truly,  •
W. Sprague, Senator.
New York, April —, 1869.
My opinion may be amatter of little consequence,
but I cannot refrain from telling you that the posi-
tion you have taken excites my highest admiration.
Your recent speeches have made you some enemies,
but lio'ts of friends, who, when needed, will rally
about vou. All that you have stated is gospel truth;
it is a bombshell into the ranks of both parties, and
tho nucleus of a political revolution. Fight it out.
Your friend, •
auroka, ind., ApHl 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you have the goodness to send me
1I a few copies of each of the speeches recently deliv-
I ered in the United States Senate by you on financial
i! questions? Bycomplyingwiththisyouwillnotonly
■! oblige mo but many who are groaning under the  1-
!' most unbearable load now resting upon the people,
! and who hail with delight every proposition which ;
promises relief. Your early attention is respectfully ;
solicited to this request. :
Very respectfully, your obedient
O. i. KUJo-brvib.
Hon. William Sprague.
cincinnati, April -1, is go.
Dear Sir: Myself and a few friends have greatly
admired your lato speeches in the Senate, or at ica&t
the mutilated parts we have been permitted to see in
the daily papers. I will feel greatly obliged if you
will send me a few copies. I am no politician, but
I sincerely believe the matter of your speeches is
just the kind of honest independence the country
needs and will appreciate.
Hoping I will have the opportunity to give a vote
for you as President of the United States, respect-
fully, '  .
Senator Y/illiam Sprague, Washington.
St. Louis, Mo., April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: I will take it as a favor if you will send
me copies of your recent speeches on the condition
of our country. From what I have seen in the tele-
grams and extracts in our local papers I am anxious
to read your speeches in full. I think you are on the.
right track, and hope you will persevere until you
build up a party sufficiently strong to sweep the foul
corruptionists from place and power and bring the
Government back to its native purity.
Yours, truly, j. H. ALEXANDER.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Clarksburg, West Virginia, April 22,1869.
Hon. William Sprague.
United States Senator, Washington, J). C. :
Please send me a copy of your late speech, and
much oblige, your friend,  
Providence, April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: Excitement runs high here at home; you
have putakmfeinto the sideof somo. I saw Colonel
 to-day, and he says you are right as regards
Governor Burnside and the first regiment, and will
sustain you in it, and knows others also that heard
the conversation; says he intends to write you about
it, which he will probably do in a day or two : says
he was present and heard all the conversation be-
tween yourself and Burnside.
Truly, yours,  •
Baltimore, Md., April 14,1869.
Honorable Sir: If agreeable to you your humble
servant would be pleased to read in lull your recent
speeches on the momentous issues of the time?.
Most respectfully, yours, J. G. RISTON.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
East Teupleton, Mass., April 13, 1889.
Dear Sir: I see by the papeis that you will send
your speeches on the financial question to those that
wish lor them. Everyone is talking of them and
wishing they had them entire. Theyaredoing good.
People begin to say, is this so ? Pleaso send to,
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, Ajyril 14,1869.
Sir: If ready for distribution havo the kindness to
send me copies of your reccnt able and patriotic
SPYCouhrs!'&c., G. R.CATHCABT.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Lowell, Mass., Aprilli, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be so kind as to favor me^with
copies of your recent speeches in the United States
Senate, as I prefer to judge of their merits from an
authentic report? ir
Yours truly, J. R  FOLSOM, Mayor.
Hon. William Sprague, United Stales Senator.
Washington, D. C., April 15,1869.
My Dear Sir: Several friends have written me, de
siring to procure copies of your late speeches m tho
United States Senate. Can you furnish me, say three
copies? By so doing you will much oblige, youis,
respectfully, •
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 16,1889.
Dear Sir: I have read your recent speeches—or
such portions as are printed in the daily papers—
with much interest. I should bo glad, however, to
carefully read them complete. I should therefore
consider it a favor if, when published, you will send
me copies of ench, that I may be able to keep step
with you in "tho great awakening." _ t . T T
Very respectfully, yours, Ji. 1. KAiN JJALL.
Hon. William Sprague, .
United States Senate, Washington, D. O.
Boston, Mass., April 10, I860.
Sir: A few days since I saw in the papers a report
that you were having your late speeches printed for
circulation, and as one who admires you as a man,
and approves your action as a Senator, I would re-
quest that you favor me with a copy—or a few ot
your speeches.
I am, honored sir, resPectfulIy, yours^^^^
Hon. William Sprague.
; Cincinnati, April 8,1869.
Hon. William Sprague, 7 n n
United States Senatort Washington, JJ. C..
t You will greatly oblige us by forwarding to our
1 address copies of your late spoeches.
j We have endeavored to procure the same here and
' elsewhere, but have been unable.  
' Yours, respectfully, *
