1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
New York, April 13,1809.
_ Dear Sir: I have perused with much pleasure the
imperfect telegraphic reports of yourreeentspeeehes
in the Senate Chamber, and would be much pleased
to read them in an unabridged form. Having seen
an announcement that tiiey were to be published in
a pamphlet form I take the liberty of asking the
favor of a copy of them from you, and will be much
obliged by your compliance with my request.
rru.-ung you will excuse the liberty, if not disposed
to accede to the request, I am, dear sir, truly yours
ti xv ir « SAMUEL COULTEK. '
lion. William Sprague, United States Senate.
New-York, April 13,18S9.
Dear Sir; I baye read with much pleasure even
the imperfect newspaper reports of your recent
speeches m the Senate of the United States, and I
should esteem it a favor to receive a copy of them
at your convenience.
I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,
Hon. William Sprague.
Bhooklinb, Mass., April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: Will >ou have the kindness to send me
printed copies of your late speeches in the Senate?
2s one of the Boston papers reported them in tall, and
1 am therefore under the necessity oJt troubling you
lor them.
Hoping you will excuse my intrusion on your time,
I remain, yours, respectfully, J. B. EDGE11LY.
Senator Sprague.
Ogdensbtjrg, April 12,1860.
My Dear Sir: Please have the goodness to send me
your speeches delivered by you in the Senate of the
United States, and oblige, yours, truly,
7r „ Wil.GORDEN.
lion. William Sprague.
Philadelphia, April IS, 1869.
Dear Sir: The writer has been trying in vain to
get copies of your recent speeches in the United
States Senate. Will you be good enough to inclose
one or two copies tor self and friends to address of
the^undeisigned, and veiy much oblige, yours, very
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. 0.
Logansport, Ijjd., April 9, 18G9.
Sir: Please send me copy of your speeches. We
have a great many persons at this place who would
like to peruse them.
Respectfully, yours,  .
lion. W. Sprague, Washington, D. G.
Attleboko', Mass., April 12,1869.
Sir: Having read extracts from your speeches
lately made m Congress, 1 should take pleasure in
reading the whole if you would take the trouble of
sending them to me. If you have them published in
book form, aod desire it, 1 should take much pleasure
in distributing any number of copies you might de-
wire in this vicinity, as I think and believe you have
began a good woik, and the people should be in-
formed in relation to it if we are to have peacc or a
(Joited States again. May we take warning in season.
Yours, respectfully, J. W. CAPRON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Salem, Fauquier County, Va„
April 11,1869.
Will you please do mo the favor to s>end me two
copies of your recent speech of which so touch has
been said ?
Very respectfully, W. A. CAVE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Alkxandbia, Va., April 10,1809.
Dear Sir: X have not been so fortunate, in the
midst of my engrossing official duties, as to obtain a
full report of your late financial speeches, and would
be much obliged for a copy.
Your obedient servant, J. C. UNDERWOOD.
Hon. William Sprague, United State-s Senate.
Washington, D. C., March 23,1869.
Sir: I have perused with great pleasure,extracts
from your very able spcech delivered tn the United
states Senate on last Friday, and shall he happy to
receive a tew copies of the saineif you have it printed.
Very rcspectiully, your obedient servant,
lion. William Sprague.
York, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you bo kind enough to send some
of your speeches to this place? There is a great
demand to ace them, as nothing but extracts are in
''yours"3" B. C. MOODY,
lion. William Sprague.
Providence, April 12,1869.
Sir: Will you be good enough to send me for dis-
tribution your several speeches, as the people in
Rhode Island are very anxious to road tliem com-
plete, not as they are printed by the paper in tais
city? You have commenced a good woris, and I
hope you wUl follow it up. „™nr>
Respectfully, yours, &c., W. B. RIDER.
Governor Snra?no.
Washington, April 13, 1869.
Sir: May I request a copy of each of your recent
speeches in the Senate upon the corruption of the
times. JL should like much to have copies of them if
you have printed them and it is convenient i'or you
to send me them.
Very respectfully.  t
Hon. William Sprague.
Washington-, D. C., April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: I am in receipt of a request for twenty-
hve copies of your recont speeches, when published,
from Mr.O. S. Denton. Atlantic, Queen's county, Long
Island. °
I have the honor also to request that a number of
your speeches be s<mt to my address, Greenport, Suf-
folk county, Long Island, for distribution among my
constituents.
With high respect, I am, your obedient servant,
7T W11. e HENRY A. IlEEVEIl.
Hon. William Sprague.
I>anvilj,e, Va., April 8, 1809.
Dear Sir: Will you favor me by sending copies of
your recent speeches'?
The insufficient reports of the newspapers have
won for yon many friends and admirers in this un-
happy section of what we hope soon to call our com-
mon country.
Very respectfully, —  .
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Sunbury, Pa., April 9, 1«G9.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send mi; a
few copies of your last speeches? they have created
quite an excitement here.
Yours, very respectfully,  .
His Excellency Governor Sprague.
Boston, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: When any of thespeechesreccntly made
by you in the Senate are published I shall be very
glad to receive a copy, and tue same of any you may
hereafter make. It strikes me, from the abuse lav-
ished upon you, that you have uttered many whole-
some and unpalatable truths, "vera pro uruth."
Your obedient servant, G. S. IIILLARD.
Mr. Senator Sprague.
Philadelphia, April, I860.
" Senator Sprague is to be serenaded by the Wash-
ington woikingmon.''—Brevities.
"(xo on Senator Sprague, the Walpole of the
American Senate. You are developing a splendid
mine of intellectual wealth, and every patriot m the
land will wish you God-speed in your sublime efforts
to reform the corruptions and abuses that have crept
into high places in our political tabernacle."—Nezv
York Herald.
I might quote more of matter commendatory of
your recent speeches, but it is not necessary. 1 am
proud to note the fact that some eyes are opening to
do your efforts justice.
Tne next day after you made your first speech I
saw a partial report of it in The Age, a Democratic
paper published in our city. I wasgieatly pleased
with it, and during the day did little else than read
it to many of my friends. First saying: to them, "Did
you read Senator Sprague?'' Answer. "No." "Then
hear.'3
Being an excellentreader, Igave it all tho emphasis
and force that I was possessed of; and each time I
would feel additional pride in commenting favorably
on it.
My first remark made after reading it was to my
son. I said, "A Luther has appeared in the Senate;
listen to these remarks made by Senator Sprague.'"'
He said, "Well done; let him continue fighting on
that line, and while he may have the success of a
Luther, he will also have the success of a Grant."
And now I say in all the sincerity of my years, God
bless you, Senator Sprague, for yourrecent speeches.
I pray you go on; unless, indeed, we witness some
early change in the administration of the affairs of
the country, we shall have no virtue or morality
left. Heaven knows law, morals, and religion are
at a very low estimate now, and unless a change
does soon take place the country will become hope-
lessly demoralized. To deny this would be useless;
the evidences of demoralization are all around us,
and but for the positive and undeniable truths you
uttered in your speeches, they would not have been
characterized as eccentric, as wild and wayward, as
lacking in connection, as rambling. &e., by our He-
publican papers.
1 say, Mr. Sprague, the truth is not always pala-
table: to me, however, it always is; I love it; have
always loved it; it is the pearl ot great price to man's
conscience. Hence, I pray you, go on; itmn.y be that
a better and happier day shall dawn on vou and the
country. God be with you and yours. Please send
me your speeches.
Respcctlully, S. S. LEIDY.
New York, April 12,1869. j
Dear Sir: Can I ask the favor, if convenient, of a !
copy of your reccnt speeches in the Senate, if pub- ;
lishedfor distnbutiou? I shall feel obliged if you
can do so. !'
Very respectfully, JOHN EAIRBAIM. j!
Hon. William Sprague, }
Senator^ Washington, J). G. ,
Marshalltown, Iowa, April 10,1869. ,1
Dear Sir: Please forward copies of your several ji
late speeches in the United States Senate to the un- 11
dersigned address, and obligo, yours, very respect-
fully. , _ C. THOMAS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Williamsburg, Va., April 8,1869.
Sir: I have read with great interest your recent
speeches m the Senate, and beg, if it he not too
troublesome, you will send me copies ci'the «*aine.
xou have touched upon achord deeply interesting
to roe n of standing througliout the land.
\ cry respectfully, your obedient servant,
Hon. William Sprague.
Hanover, N. H., April s, 1869. '
Dear Sir: I should be very glad to secure copies of
your two speeches in the Senate on the state of the
country. It they ore published at private expense
please to give my name to the publisher and I will
lorward the priceby mail.  ,
New York City, April 10,1869.
j . Sir: I have seen and read ?orac imperfect Asso-
ciate! resa reports of your speeches on the financial
question, and will be glad of an opportunity to be-
come more familiar with your viewti. Will you pleas*
do mc the kindness, at your convenience, to mail mo
lull report, and oblige, very respectfully.
it w.i- o J.X.BROWNE,
lion. \v llhiiru Sprasuc,
United Slate# Senate, Washington, D. C.
Baltimore, Md., April 12,1809.
Dear Sir: I would be very much gratified if you
will send me two or three copies of your very valu-
able speeches delivered by you recently in the Senate.
Many friends desire to have copies. Please send them,
and you will much oblige, your most obedient ser-
vant, B. F. HOOK.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Olxet, III., April *20, 1869.
Sir : During the last few weeks I have seen many
comments made by newspapers relative to a speech
made by you in the Senate. As none of these papers
have done you the justice to publish the speech so
that others beside newspaper editors could form an
opinion thereon, I have taken tho liberty to write
you and ask for a copy of your speech when printed.
I believe, from the extracts which I have seen, that
you have fearlessly vindicated the rights of the peo-
ple, and warned them of their great danger, and hope
that you will continue in your fearless advocacy of
their cause.
Will you please oblige me by sending me a few
copies of your speech for circulation?
lours, respectfully, L. M. DE MOTTE.
Hon. William Sprague,
United State* Senate, Washington, D. G.
Lancaster, Pa„ April 23,1869.
Dear Sir: Like vou, I was a pilgrim for the defense
of Washington in 1801. As a corporal of the Cameron
Guard*, I;>aw your entrance into Washington. Never
mind; we (you and I) have seen hard battles sincein
putting down the rebellion and in politics, but as
a true soldier of the cross stand by the truth. I am not
worth a cent; you are worth millions. Let us have
charity for all men. As Abe Lincoln said, "With
malice against no man and charity for all men, let
us try to do our duty as we understand it."
Your friend,  .
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Indianapolis, April 22,1809.
Mv Dear Sir- lam very anxious to procureacora-
plete ! et of your speeches if you will take the tiouble
of sending them to me.
May God aid you in your effort. Being the young-
est man in the Legislature, I stand aghast in the face
of influences that old men wink at and say it is all
right. Senator, the young men of the West are
yearning for something better and nobler in politics.
Give it to us.
I am, yours, from the largest Republican district
in the State,  .
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. G.
California, Ohto, April 21,18G9.
Sir: Please send me a series of your late speeches.
Though a Democrat. I have taken a deep interest in
your speeches fiom the first. Thousands in the West
and South give you their unqualified indorsement.
Are thero any charges ?
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. H. MATHEWS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Kansas City, April 21,1869.
Dear Sir: Your speeches, which have received
wide-spread notice and publication, have opened a
question thatlhave advocated through the columns
of my paper the past two months, and the views vou
have expressed meet my warmest approval. This
paper is independent, and is controlled only by the
proprietors and editors, and is bound to adopt only
such actions as will prove of good to the country.
My course as editor-in-chief the past few months has
met tho wishes of a majority of our citizens without
regard to party, and to-day wields the strongest
power of any paper in our city, or, we believe, west
of St. Louis. I should be pleased to receive your
