7U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
"lews ami the probable course ynuwili pursue in the
future, and if you proposed to continue in your pres-
ent statesmanlike course in the future. If so, wo
lni^bt work in unison to the benefit of our country.
I mailed you a few days since a couple of my papers,
with an article I wiote approving your coursfy and
hope you mnyhave received and read those remarks.
This city boasts of over thirty thousand inhabitants,
and my paper circulates largely in Missouri, Kansas,
Colorado, Arkansas, and Texas, and also in Illinois,
Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mississippi—the
latter State my former home until September last.
Hoping to hear from you, and joining you in the
best wishes lor our country's welfare and your futuro
fame in the good work inaugurated, I remain truly,
• your3. J  D. ^ ILLIAMb.
Senator Sprague.
Philadelphia, April 23, 1860.
My Dear Sir. "Will you have the goodness to state
tome by loiter the particular points you were en-
deavoring to impress upon the country at the recent
session of the Senate? I am anxious to send it to
England for the London (Methodist) Times, the
largest circulating paper there of a religious char-
acter ; and I ain. desirous to give the matter its tiue
I'orm. Please let ine hear from you early.
Very rcspeetfully,  .
Hon. William Sprague.
Providence, April ho, 18'w.
My Bear Sir: Allow me to undeceive you in regard
to the demand for your speeches in Rhode Island. 1
have had applications for them from numbers of your
fellow-citizens, all admiring the bold stand you have
taken, and wishing you all success m your herculean
effort to cleanse the Rhode Island Augean stables of
their political corruption. I have but this morning
been asked for a copy of your speeches to transmit
to England. Such as you ha\e v. ill you bend inc.
Yours, respectfully,  .
Hoik William Sprague.
PnovrDJLXCE, April i\\ 18t39. jj
Dear Sir: If the speeches you have lately dehv- i:
eied are printed in pamphlet orany convenient form 1
for distribution I wish you would immediately send j
me one hundred and fifty or two hundred to hand
around among my friends. "Faithful Sprague men,
every time." There was a scriouo misundeistanding
or one part of one of your speeches concerning the
bia\eiy of the regiment as a regiment. I immedi-
ate5;/ explained it satisfactorily, and am now author- !
j>.ed by a number of men, among them the force in
liiown & Snarpe's works, consisting of about one
hwndiedand fifty or one hundred and sixty men, to
t iy : "Let Sprague put his artillery in line when he
<">uies home and we will keep it in for him; wo will
e.eai the tiack and shout Sprague forever."
Send the speeches it possible, certainly "the
speech." It is necessary that they should be handed
around. j
Very respectfully, yonis, truly,
W. 13. W. HALLE IT. i
Hon. William Sprague. I
Nashua, N. II., Axtrt? 17, ISoO. :
Sir: Having read with much interest extracts of a j
speech by you delivered recently m the United States i
Senate, I would teeL very grateful for a copy of said j
fcpeevh. Go on in the good work, and the ovcrbur- i
dened taxpayers of the country wiil bless the Sen- j!
ator that has raised his voice against the corruption
m high and other places. i|
Your very humble seivanr, R. C. DUFFY. !.
11 >n. William Sprague. ;
Richmond, South Scituatk. R. I., !
Aprd 19,18G9. |
Dear Sir: You have cast a stone into the hornet's
nest and stalled considerable buzzing, and all who
have manliness enough to indoiso your facts must
expect to be htivng oy these silly hornets. A paper ■
was brought to ine to-day for signatures to sustain \
iiurnside. 1 told my friend who had it that such ;
props proved the truth of your statements, and that '
1 was in the Array too long and knew too much of i
all the lacts set forth in your speech to doubt a sin- i
rie statement. He lefc the village with but a single !
name, and that man did not belong here, but hap- !'
pcucd to be passing by. Tnank God one man dares '
oeaid the whole tube of political lions in the no- '
tion.il den The country is rife fur a stir in the camp.
i4 At_ Uie April election I found your opponents'
pain chqticrs'' on hand, but they were beaten.
Ihe Republican party was split, but I found tha<. I :
nad the largest half, and by marshaling your old ,
fiiend Jloracu Patterson, with the Democratic host, !
wo ohjHuod them up, and will do it again in Mav. .
We go m for the new party you speak of. Send me :
some of those speeches, and I will thke the stamp
:\n<i 1-,],JVC them to twe satisfaction of the ma^e? m
uenance of one million dollais.
Yours, j. A. PERRY,
lion. William Si rnnruo, Wathinoton, D.
Ne\y York, April 22, isuv*.
Doai Sir: I see from the papers you are about to
prepare and publi-h your recent speeches cntiv in
pamph'vt rji.ii. I would be glad to sec and read them.
11 you b^nd several copies 1 will sec to their cii&tri-
biuion, as> gentlemen call in at our book store.
Your 1, &a„ SMITH SHELDON.
Hon. William isprugue, Un.tai Sates Svmtor.
New York, April 22,1869.
Dear Sir: 1 had long felt that great wrong was
perpetrated againstthe welfare of the whole country
by the leaders of the Republican party under the
shadow of the still greater wrongs perpetrated by
the leaders intherebellion and thecopperheadDem-
ocracy. Your first speech < opening this discussion
was to my mind like the bright beacon to the storm-
tossed mariner; it brought hope and consolation. 1
have felt grieved with the course taken by Senator
Anthony and his paper, the Providence Journal,
especially as my father was its first proprietor and
publisher. Although he was wronged out of its own-
ership by his successors, I have always taken a deep
interest in its course.
Requesting full copies of your speeches, and trust-
ing that you will persevere in your patriotic course,
I am, very respectfuly, yours, &c., .
Hon. William Sprague.
Milledgeville, Ga., April 21, 18G9,
Dear Sir: Pardon the liberty I take in calling on
you for a copy of your late speeches. Although a
stranger I feel a deep interest in your success in sur-
mounting the herculean task in which you are at
present engaged. You can rest assured our people
are with you, and that honesty and truthfulness will
eventually prevail. Had I any influence with you
I should say continue to strike and spaie not.
Yours, truly, S. 11. BKO\YX.
Hon. WiiJiam Sprague,
Senator fro'A Rhode hlond.
Trenton, April 23,1809.
Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me a copy
of your lecent speeches? It is refreshing to see that
one Senator has honesty and backbone enough to
st^m. the tide of political corruption.
Gratefully, your obedient servant, .
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, D. C.
New York, April 22,1859.
My Dear Sir • I will highly appreciate your kind-
ness if you will favor me with a copy of your recent
speech in the Senate.
Your views in relation to Burnside are fully sub-
stantiated by_ Svrinton, who says "that he was a
lamentable failure."
I have the honor to bo, yours, with hie'h i espect,
lion. William Sprague.
Milwaukee, April 21,1809.
Dear Sir: Having read with theutmostsalisfaction
extracts from your speeches recently delivered in the
United States Senate, and wishing to preserve such
for future reference, also feeling deeply interested
in the uiov ement now going on among the laboring
clashes, 1 would respectfully ask you to please send
me a full copy of your speeches, which crcated such
profound enthusiasm and sensation all over the con-
tinent.
Hoping that you will comply with my wish, I am,
sir, with great respect, your humble servant,
A. W. 33. TEIFFEN.
Hon. William Sprague.
Niagara Falls, April 20,1839.
Sir: Please send me your speeches, which contain,
judging from quotations, more truths than I feared
would ever again be spoken to public car. They are
wholesome bittei*, and I trust will neutralize the
utterances of those who, like the bees of Trebizond,
ha ve honeyed men only to destroy their reason.
I rejoice there is one who has the will to undertake
and the ability to effect restoration to normal repub-
licanism.
Accept congratulations, thanks, and wishes for
success. B. H. WHITE.
Hon. William :'prague.
New York, Aprd—, ls69.
Hon. William Sprague :
I just want to thank you for jrour speeches, and to
say if you are insane that sanity, as exhibited in the
Senate, is a veiy costly article for the country, and
that it is unfortunate that moie of our Senators are
not such lunatics as you nro.
Here let me ask you, did Senator Nye or did he
not tell us in Lis last speech how union the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company and Bank of California
paid lor his i XyeVj election? F should hko to know
the cost. a~. it it does not ^o.-t too much, I might like
to paya^d go in !u;«?i>lf. What State i= Abbott fiom?
No one knows of br.n m New York. Id it not a mis-
^ifcpecrfuliy, R. 0. MARTIN.
Sir: I hav
Washing-tux, D. C., April 10, 1 o'v).
: honor to rfouest copies of your
• ,'i i . x iiiii t-iiv; uvu'/t u > i i t 'juusl viujjivs ui v <j u I
rcc-nt speeches m conne.-tiou wuhyom finance bill,
I aiu, sir, > cry n-jpectiuiP, % our obedient ?orva jit,
JA^. L\ SMITH.
Hoi'. "U tUium S;'iMgno.
L<)Ui->v"ii.L!'. Aprd 21, lyjc'
rD'ear Sir: We f<>el ih.it your position, a.- taken iu
the Senate of the United State* Li teiy, l. the true one,
and heartily indorse what ^ve hav^ seen, i. e., dc-
tached portions of your speech. Wi!i you please
, send a copy, or two copies of your speech if you
i have any to spare, and oblige two Kontucki.ms?
Truly, OWEN D. MILLS.
. Hon. Senator Sprague
Philadelphia, April 23, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have seen and read portions of your
speech which some of the more self-important Sen-
ators are making so much fuss about. I see from
somepapersyou aregoingtohaveitpublisbed. When
done I will be grateful to you for a copy of it, so as
1 can read it altogether and have the full speech.
I agree with your sentiments in regard to some of the
representatives of the House and Senate both; they
are not entitled by any meaus to seats there. You
will please send or have sent one of your speeches to
me when convenient.
Respectfully yours,  .
Hon. William Sprague,
United Slates Senator, Washington City, D, C.
Atlanta, April 21,1869.
DoarSir: Wo would be exceedingly obliged to you
for a copy of your great speech that fell like a bomb
shell in the Senate some days ago. And while ask-
ing this favor wc cannot refrain from expressing our
high admiration for your manly independence,
prompted alone, as it must be, by a full consciousness
of strength. We have only meager telegraphic ex-
tracts from your speech, and wish to see it in ex*pn*r>s
Yours, very respectfully, W. T. NEWMAN.
Hon. William Spragae, Washington> D. C.
Knoxville, Ai>nl22, 1BC9.
Sir: I have the honor to request that if you have
any of your late speeches for distribution you will
favor me with copies of them, for I feel a deep inter-
est in the noble stand you^have taken, and wish you
most earnestly God-speed in the great reformation.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant.  •.
Hon. William Spracruc,
UiuU-l Store-, Senator, W'l.shiagton, D. C.
Watkrville, April 20,1SG9.
Dear Sir: I see in the New York Herald that your
late speeches are to be published, and being pleased
with such portions as have been reported in the above
paper, and also the stand you have taken, I desiro
to possess a copy in full.
Wishing you success in your efforts in bringing
about the reformation so much needed, I am, respect-
fully, yours,  .
lion. William Sprague.
!; Chicago, April 21, I860,
i! DearSir: I am carried away with enthusiasm over
ij those portions of your recent speeches which I have
: encountered in the newspapers—they are creating
i profound sensation here, as elsewhere, and beg you
j will do me the favor to forward a few copies to my
[ address, as soon as possible. I ask for several
j copies, at the instance of Rev. L. J. Butler, D. D.,
| one of the most learned Catholic divines of America,
i and who also is a great admirer of Senator Spracrue.
j Very respectfully, yours, N. F. COOK, 3/. J).
\ Hon. William Sprague, Washington, 1). O.
! New York, March 29,1809.
! Dear Sir: I hope you may not consider it intrud-
ing upon you to be addressed by a German who feels
a deep interest in the welfare of his adopted country.
Although I am personally unknown to you, I had the
pleasure of an introduction to your family by Major
General Siegel last summer, when in company with
other gentlemen, a committee to invite Chief Justice
Chase and other honorable gentlemen to participate
in the festivals of the New York Sharpshooters' So-
ciety. You will allow mo now to refer to your two
addresses which you have recently delivered in the
Senate. Both of them were telling and to the point,
and have not failed to make a deep impression upon
; j me as well as the country at largo, and it proves that
ij there is still a gentleman in the Republican party
•' who is not willing to be made a pliant tool, and to
if saciiiico everything that is snored to an American
'j citizen for mere party sake. Sir, there arc very few
public men now-a-days who have a clear comprc-
I hension of the present condition of the country, and
if so they have not the courage to acknowledge if.
; They only live for the present; they have not I earned
, fiom history, nor do they consider the future. Moimi:
i' "l'ucydo not know what it is ; they do everything
to serve*theirdemagoguishambition,anddo noteare
; what the lesult may be." Sir, it is, therefore, that
\ such au event is to be hailed by every man who loves
. his countiy and believes in arepubhean formotgov-
' eminent for the future, and 1 sincerely believe that
: there is still some hope, if not within, then without
the Radical paity. The position you havetaken will
i; not fail to rally men of a 11 parties around you; a m w
j formation of parties will byall means be neco^arj.
ji I have during the last few days met with a large
I! number ot Democrats who hail you for your courage
and the broad views which you cxpressed_ in your
addresses to the Senate; and as issues, which have
, heretofore kept the two parties wide aparihave b.
, ev^nt 'di-arp'M'ed, leannot see any reason whj m- u
; of hko idea- than jours could not lally uiid'.r one
honn'T. I and a great many others, some of tlr.-ui
very distinguished gentlemen, among oiheis Mi.O.
i Otiendorter, thtj editor and proprietor ot ihe Staatz
|, Zeituao, the mo-'t influential German paper in the
I' country. I would now respectfully request you to
ir send me both of your speeches you have delivered
•, to the Senate as Mr. Ottendorfer, myself, and others
!\ have resolved to have them translated into German
1 and published in pamphlet form.
Hoprng that you will be pucpe.'sful in the eour--o
