1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
you arc pursuing, 1 remain, dear sir, with high eon-
sideiation, your obedient servant,
Hon. Mr. Sprasue, United S'atei Senator.
Aubdrxdaus, Mass., March 19,1869.
Dear Sir: Withoutthe honor of your acquaintance
•with the exception of a transient introduction in the
college yard at Providence on a commencement day
but having been a resident and citizen alternately
of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, and having had
?ome interests in both States, whiehbave important
interests m common, I take the liberty of asking the
l&vor ot you to send ine a couple of copies of your
speech in tbe United States Senate in relation to the
manufacturing, monetary, and other business inter-
ests of the country. The Boston iMily Journal of
.March IS gives a brief statement of the speech
■which awakens my desiie to see the same in full
when it shall be published. Your statement, ag re-
ported by the editor of the Journal, that,4 an English
spmdle is run on an average capital of eighty cents,
while an American tpindlc requires $2 75," shows a
".vide difference, and prompt? tbe inquiry as to what
remedy can be had for such difference; also an inquiry
as to the cause. I have been of the opinion that our
currency ?houldbe made eminently a value currency,
more so than it was before the susnension of specie
Payments was forced upon the country bythewarof
the rebellion. Too much ofbanking capital and cur-
rency was simple credit in excessot' coin and capital
to constitute a value currency; too much of what
was called capital was fictitious, even when bank
notes commanded specie payment. If we are to
eonopete with the manufactures of England and
France we must have a currcncy as valuable as theirs.
I am not a business man, but a lookeron in Vienna.
I retired from a small manufacturing interest m
Pawtucket. and from business of any kind a full
half century ago. I, of course, may be a sciolist in
matters ot'businessand currency, butl hopeweshall
have no currency hereafter but specie, and Govern-
ment paper paying specie. I hope lor an entire
displacement of small bills, as in France and Eng-
land. Banking wiil then be conducted on principles
safer to the country, and wild-cat banks, as now,
entirely .suppressed. The better our currency the
cheaper we can manufacture and the greater will be
oui exportations. Theie wilibemore genuine money
and less credit currency.
Respectfully, yours,  .
Hon. Wilriam Sprague.
Boston, April 2,1S69.
Dear Sir: I have had several business men in Bos-
ton ask me if I could procure a copy of your speech
in the Senate, which is very much commended hero
fonts bold and practical truths, and hearing that it
was about to be published in pamphlet, I would be
veiy much obliged if you would forward me some
copies lor distribution.
Yours, respectfully,  .
Hon. William Sprague.
Boston, Mass., March 25,1869.
Dear Sir: Pardon me for intruding upon your
notice at this time, for I can butteel so grateful that
a gentleman in your position should, regardless of
ali personal consequcnce, take such an independent
and, as I believe, statesmanlike view of the condition
of the country- For more than five years I have
been identified with the workmgmen in our city
elections. Wo hope to have a State and a national
ticket in the field. In speuulatingabout acandidate
for President your name was suggested, and sinee
your late coarse in the Senate there has been in-
creased interest in the matter. I have no authority,
nor do I intend to ask you so presumptuous a ques-
tion as whetheryou would ho our candidate, but will
say that I hope and pray that a man of honor as well
as means, and possessingthequalitiesof astatesman,
may become the John Bright of America. Were it
not for trespassing too much upon your time I would
a. k if you would some day meet an assembly of
workiugmen in Boston and address them upon the
questions of public affairs that will soon engross the
attention of the whole American people; but in the
press of business that must ot necessity occupy your
attention I cannot expect an answer, but will thank
you again for tbe good you have done.
respectfully, yours,  .
Senator Sprague.
Wheeling, West Virginia.
Aprd 21, 180c).
Dear Sir : Will you have tbe kindness to send mo
a eopv of vour recent speeches ?
Respectfully, JOSEPH BHLL.
Senator Sprague, Wanliington,
Washington, D. c., April 12, ISoO. 1
Dear Sa : I am instructed by Mr. R. J. Haldeman
to <nvthat he has j-ub^cnbcdlor nine hundred copies j
of your recent speeches, and that he has Quite a nu- !
mcroiis demand from hi" constituents for them, lie ;
woulu feel much obliged lor any information you [
fan eirc him in rolTcnce to the subject. j
I am, sir, very respectfully, A. BE\ Ei\t>. i
Hon. William Sprague. i
Bridgkton*, N. J., April -3.18
Mv Dear Sir: I have just read your "tilt " with
N\e ard Abbott. You are ri?ht, and the people
v\il! '.•ir/nori v>M' .n va. b >M "od ' 'e
against the corruption which has taken hold of our
pretended law-makers. The corruptionistshatc you,
that you dare expose tbeir frauds.
I wish you would send me a parcel of speeches for
distribution. £ho people want light. Go on : do
not fear them.
Yours, truly,  
Hon. William Sprague.
Ridgefield, Conn., April 19,1869.
Bear Sir: If you have extra copies of any of your
speeches delivered in the Senate in the past few
weeks X would most respectfully solicit you for such
as your kindness would favor me with.
Yours, respectfully,  #
Hon. William Sprague.
ew York, April 23, 1869.
Dear Sir: W ill you please send me copies of your
lato speeches, and also the Globe containing your
speech yesterday and the letters you had printed
therein I
Very truly,    t
Hon. W. Sprague.
Columbiana, Ohio, April 21. 1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your recent
speech or speeches made m the United States Senate,
and you will greatly oblige yours, most respectfully,
WM. M. VOGLESON.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Minneapolis, April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send such of yourspeeches
to ine as you can conveniently, andoblige yourmost,
obedient servant,  .
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 23,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to have my
name placed upon the list of those to whom you mail
your speeches when printed, and oblige, respectfully,
Hon. William Sprague, Senator, Washi/igton.
Nkw York, April 23,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me,when published
a copy of the "Globe" containing your speech and
the letters referred to in the proceedings ot the Senate
yesterday, and oblige your old friend,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington* B. C.
Providence, K. I., March 29,1869.
Dear Governor: When in all human probability
will you be at home to stay? There are matters of
momentous interest constantly being agitated in this
community which greatly concern you. It is not
loud talk, but a kind of low, mischievous muttering,
which excites and alarms me. Something occurred
to-day that disturbed, me, and there is in various
quarters a disposition, if not aiixed purpose, to dam-
age your credit and break down your influence. I
look around in vain, even among those who«e for-
tunes you have built up, to find your hearty, sincere,
outspoken fiiends. Then there are those rich and
powerful men who wish you not well. I gloried in
the opportunity which was afforded me to-day, when
A. k. W. Sprague and Hoyt, Sprague & Co. were
under discussion in high business circles, of stating
that you had added to your business strength by
recent operations: that your stock on hand would
pay all your liabilities, &c. 1 put it strong, and they
opened their eyes, aud could not believe that it was
just so. I tell you, Governor, what with your busi-
ness concerns, your bold, aggressive speeches, your
financial policy, and everything else, it makes a
wlmzing, and requires all my tact and prudence to
keep things on an even keel. I dislike to be always
looking on the dark side, and could far prefer the
easier task of representing everything couleur de
rose, but am quite certain that no narm will arise to
vou in knowing all that I know and feel. The times
are precarious, and our financial atfairsare in a very
bad condition. The banks and bankers will absoib
all the money, and when at last the goose that lays
the golden eggs is killed, then we shall ali fail to-
gether. I do not wish to bench; ali I ask is to be
able to support my tamily and station respectably;
and I find this no ews^y thing to accomplish. There
is a purse-proud, seitish meanness in Providence to
whicti all who could succecd must in a measure sub-
mit. I shall, thcreiore, probably never make much
advance in wealth, as I cannot dcscend to the means
nectssary to seeuie it.
Your tirm filend, <ve..  .
Champaign City, III , Mm-ch 1S69. |
Sir: Your lute speeches, of which we get here the 1
hi iciest reports only, havo created a lively sensa- ;
tion. It is so strange a thing for a Senator to show .
he has the iaintest concepnon of the actual condi- ;
tion of affairs at home that we look with pleading j
wonder on jour late eloquent arraignment ot the
par'v in power bctore the bar ot the country. I |
doubt whether any one Repiesentauyefrom Illinois ,
knows that while the population of Illinois has in- jl
creased about seventy percent, within seven years, j.
the yield of corn and wheat, per cent., has fallen oil. j:
and that seven years ago two milllion two hundred
thousand hogs were packed in the West against an
incivase of only two hundred thousand jn ISOHand i:
1869. It is true, as yon say, that the country lias been
mismanaged by lawyers; and it is true further, which
you do not say, that tbe agriculture of the country
has been sacrificed, at what shrine I will leave it for
you to say. We are nearer to an industrial crisi.« than
even you think, and nearer to a condition of things
that will halt depopulate New England, than any
New Englander I ever saw could be made to be-
lieve m.
You. sir, who have shown you have a scientific
conception or the situation, can you not help us to
draw attention to the present condition of the agri-
culture of the country? 1 do not say we need tariife
or protection or any of that kind of doctrine, but we
do need the attention of the country drawn to us,
and by no means to be had in a better way than by
the organization of a commune made up of the best
men in the country, not lawyers.
"Who are you?" you ask. I am nothing, and
nobody, but a physically disabled farmer whose
j idleness allows him the leisure to survey
the field. But will you send me your speeches, and
i m5>ro one, too; for when I told my neighbors
what 1 intended to do, namely, to write to you, they
| all sang out in chorus like children, " Send for one
j lor me!" " Send lor one for rnel"
. _ I beg you to believe this to be dictated with the
smcerest respect.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
,, „ „ B.F.JOHNSON.
Mr. Senator Sprague.
Mr. President, these are but part of the let-
ters I have received touching the great ques-
tions now before the country. I do not pro-
pose to enter on any general discussion of these
qustions at this time, because the Senate is not
a body that can now act on them. I make no
attack on the remarks or motives of Senators
who have antagonized themselves with me.
They have touched no points bearing oil the
great questions at issue. My words and posi-
tion in reference to the policy and principles I
advancestand uurefuted. I have criticised your
Presiding Officer, not from any personal ill-
feeling toward him, but because he is a repre-
sentative of that kind of power and influence
which is reducing the nation to a condition of
moral, intellectual, material, and physical de-
cay. He reflects the sentiments of those upon
whom rest the weighty responsibility. Nor do
I regard the secret machinations of Senators
to cover the situation by glossing over these
defects by Burnside platitudes. I have never
mentioned his name in connection with my
remarks. Let his acts be his best defense of
any criticism I may have indirectly uttered.
The people will observe that the plottings
of Senators to open executive sessions of the
Senate to fire their paper bullets at me was
unknown to me, except in rumbling utterances
which came indirectly, while I have invariably
informed each Senator when I intended to open
on him ; and let it be also observed that I have
never acted the part of requesting oue branch
of the Legislature to fortity me by utterances
on questions not before both. Let ine say to
the people of the whole country that they now
need the cooperation of each other. Banish,
therefore, all bitter recollections of the past;
apply to the, present a remedy for dangers more
destructive than war or famine; study well
my woids and the plan of relief I have pro-
posed. and unite with me in that which may
seem necessary to arrive at a speedy and whole-
some solution of the difficulties which surround
us. I would preserve all of good we have.
Men of the North, bring to your recollection
that the men of the South are more native
Americans than you are. Men of the South,
remember that the enterprise, skill, and en-
durance of the men of the North are essential
to the strength of the nation. All timid people
may be assured that my cardinal principle is
to produce radical results by conservative
means. I am relieved from the great anxieties
that have oppressed me, because I now have
the people of the United States to share those
anxieties with me. For the past few weeks f
have been but revising mv studies and investi-
gations. Tiie letters 1 have read show that I
may be safely followed in the completion of
the great work set before us.
While Mr. Spbague was reading the forego-
ing letters,
Mr. XHCJMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Mokrii.l
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Bhode
Island yield to the Senator from Illinois?
