1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
The Senator has announced his determination
to violate the laws of the land. I insist that
in making any such enunciation he has vio-
lated 
Mr. ABBOTT. I did not announce any such
determination.
Mr. SUMNER. I am on the floor now;
the Senator cannot be heard. I insist that be
has violated the rules of the Senate, and I call
upon the Chair to take notice of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have the words
taken down.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore,. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from North
Carolina to declare his intention to violate the
laws of the land.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish that the reporter
would read the words.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to say, so as to avoid
all misapprehension 
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator cannot pro-
ceed now.
Mr. ABBOTT. I suppose the Senate will
hear me.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows that by
the rules he cannot speak now.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I ask that
the words objected to be read.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose the Senator from
North Carolina can explain what he meant,
can he not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from-Ohio demands that the words ob-
j! jected to be taken down; and the Senator
11 from Massachusetts asks that they be read by
j, the reporter. They will be read.
11 Mr. D. F. Murphy read from his short-hand
]! notes the following words of Mr. Abbott :
|i "I now, sir, give notice, inasmuch as that Senator
j! has skulked out of the Chamber, that I intend to
i: have satisfaction outside of the Chamber."
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
; opinion of the Chair those words are not
[ necessarily a declaration of an intention to
1 violate the law of the land.
! Mr. THURMAN. I submit thatthose words
| require an explanation at the hands of the
i Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. Let us go iuto executive
session. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President 
] The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
I is no objection the Senator from North Caro-
| lina will be allowed to state the interpretation
I which he gives to his language.
I Mr. ABBOTT. I will state that I am not a
j duelist; I was not educated as a duelist, and
i I did not mean that sort of thing ; but I mean
| to say that the Senator from Rhode Island
: must make a retraction as broad as the asser-
' tion, ["Order!"] and that I shall have that
satisfaction outside of this Chamber in some
; way.
j Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate proceed
' to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
: time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened at half past
j one o'clock a. m., [Friday April 23,] when
j the President pro tempore declared the Senate
j adjourned sine die.
