2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Judicial System—Mr. Butler.
41st Cong 1st Hess.
pens for their support, and that, too, in this
city.
Now, sir, my friend opposite says be is will-
ing to increase the salary of judges, and he
instanced the fact that one of the ablest on the
bench from my own State, whose name I should
not have mentioned here except that he cp.lled
it up, (Judge Curtis,) left the bench because'
the salary was inadequate. Why inadequate?
Not inadequate for his livelihood for the time,
not inadequate so long as he held it; but how
did he argue? He says, " I am in full health
and strength; if I give my life to this bench
and I am stricken by paralysis or disease, or
if I die suddenly, I leave my family of children
precisely where the family of my predecessor
was left, with no provision; therefore I will
quit the bench in advance in order that I may
earn some provision for myself in my old age
and for my children when I die.'' Now, then,
let me tell my friend that we would have done
what is equivalent to increasing the salary of
the judge if we had said to him, " Sir, labor
on ; give the best of your life, the best of your
thoughts to your country, and when yon become
old and cannot serve the country any longer
the country will see to it that your salary does
not stop so long as you live."
But my friend says we are commencing a
pension system, and he quotes Hamilton to
show that there ought not to be any pension
system under a republican Government. We
have broken into that idea long ago. The
pensions of soldiers now amount to millions
upon millions, and I find no fault with that.
We pension those who served their country in
arms and became disabled. But " peace hath
its victories no less than war," and for the
man who has served his country for his whole
life are we ready to say we will cast him out
without any provision for his old age simply
because that service has been given in uphold-
ing the laws, iu perfecting our institutions, in
holding the scales of justice even between men
until he has attained the age of three score
years and tenAnd then shall we find our-
selves in the condition of asking him, as the
lamp of life llickers in the socket, as he
becomes feeble with age and of no practical
use to his country, still to linger on in a place
he fails to fill, or resign and starve? I am willing
to begin this pension system. I am certain it is
economy. I am certain that it is retrenchment.
X desire to meet the constitutional argument
that we cannot remove the judges, and there-
fore we cannot retire them. My answer to that
is, we do not propose to retire them ; we pro-
pose, when in their own judgment they think
they ought not sit any longer, from age, decrep-
itude, or disease, failure of mind or body by
disease, to allow ttie judges to retire them-
selves. What can we do now suppose a judge
is taken insane? By Jaw there is but one way
to get him oil' liie Uench—by impeachment;
and it is an instructive fact that tlie only
instance of the successful impeachment of a
judge in this country arose out of his insanity,
which led him to commit acts upon which
impeachment could be maintained against him,
and the only answer was that insanity was no
excuse for the acts which lie did, for the acts
were those which were crimes under any inter-
pretation ol the Constitution. That man was
staying upon the bench because when he left
it he had no resources. Again, a judge has
sat npon the bench in this .District for years
andvearswho wastoodeafto hear an argument
addressed to him. And why? Because he
must stay on the bench or starve. Now, then,
I put it to the good sense of every member of
tins House whether it is not better to hold out
some inducement for a judge to retire after he
has attained three score years and ten than to
give him every inducement, nay, force him to
linger on when hisusefulness is gone? There
was one contingency that addressed itself to
the minds of the committee as open to possible
abuse, and that was that a judge might be
appointed within one or two years of seventy
for the very purpose of having him retired
upon a pension. To meet that case the com-
mittee put in an amendment which provides
that no judge shall be retired until he has
served at least ten years upon the bench, which
would take away all possibility of such an abuse
being committed.
Now, sir, I have spoken as well as I may to
this provision for retiring judges, so far as its
action goes. It remains only to deal further
for a moment with the constitutional argument.
What is the exact thing we propose ? That
these men shall remain as judges because we
cannot under the Constitution prevent that,
but that they may be retired from active duty
if they choose. Is there anything against the
Constitution in that? My friend says we are
doing that indirectly which we cannot do
directly. No, sir; let me correct his phrase,
with due consideration. We are allowing them
to do that for themselves which we caunot do
to them ; we are allowing them to take an
option which we caunot take in regard to them ;
we are allowing them to step aside when we
cannot thrust them aside. Is there anything
in the Constitution which prevents that ? Does
it militate against the dicta of Hamilton upon
this question ? Hamilton feared—and it was
the fear of men of his cast of thought in that
day—lest there should be an attempt to re-
move judges by the Legislature and to over-
rule the judiciary, for he looked upon, and all
the men of that day who thought with him
looked upon the judiciary as the great arbiter
between the other branches of the Govern-
ment, the great protector of the rights of the
people: and it was thought necessary, even
at the risk of all the inconvenience that I-
have been speaking of, to make the judges
independent of every power beyond the very
power of removal. In that they but followed
the great reform which had not very long be-
fore that taken place in England, by which the
judges were made independent of the will of
the king and held their offices during good
behavior.
But, mark the difference of circumstance.
We were then but just starting as a nation.
John Marshall and the justices of that day
were young men. Our fathers saw 110 evil or
trouble arising from old age or incompetency
of the judges. They were dealing with a small
people. Sir. I agree it is necessary to have an
independent judiciary, but it is equally neces-
sary to have an effective judiciaiy. We are
dealing with a business accumulating with the
rapidity with which all the affairs of life accu-
mulate under railroads and telegraphs and
with forty million people, and we have scarcely
more judicial force on the bench of last resort
than our fathers had at that early day. There-
fore, I say that there is no man in this House
or in the country who does not see the neces-
sity for this increase of judicial force. And I
think there is 110 man in the country who will
not say that it is the best way for us to allow
the men who from age and infirmity cannot
carry on judicial work to remove themselves,
and to give them this poor privilege of retiring
from active service on the bench with a sup-
port for their declining years.
There is another point in connection with
this question upon which I will venture to ad-
dress the House. There has hardly ever been,
from the beginning of this Government down
to this day, a charge made against any United
States judge of corruption, or even of impro-
priety of action. Only two cases have ever
been brought before the Senate by impeach-
ment for trial. The one was ati insane man,
and so proved ; the other case arose from a
quarrel between a member of the bar and the
judge, in which there was more allegation of
bad temper than of wrong intention. Those
are the only two cases in the history of our
national judiciary. What, therefore, do we
now see everywhere, all over the country, in
all the States ? In former times there was great
fear on the part of the people of this country
against putting their business into the hands
of the United States courts. But all that is
now changed ; and everywhere in all the States
there is a determination, I might say there is
certainly a very great inclination on the part
of the people, to get their business before the
United States courts, even under all the disad-
vantages and delay that have supervened. And
we find in this House continual attempts to
provide for bringing cases before the United
States courts. And why ? Because it has
always been understood up to this day that the
United States judges are substantially incor-
ruptible. Let it ever be so. May justice in
this country never came down from the high
pedestal on which she now stands! Make it
so that the United States judge can be assured
that for all time, in sickness and in health,
with a clear mind serving the country, or when
his mind has been worn out in that service, lie
and his family shall not be in want so far as
it depends upon his services.
Such is the entire action of this bill. I will
not stop now to discuss the amendment of my
friend from Vermont, [llr. Poland.] I have
felt many a time as he does. When 1 have lost
a case I have always felt that the decision of
the judge was wrong. And I can easily con-
ceive that he does not want, when a judge has
decided against him in any case, that he shall
have an opportunity to again so decide. lean
sympathize with him fully. I have always
thought it was about as bad a defeat as a man
could sustain to be defeated by a divided court.
To be so near success is enough to try the most
amiable of tempers, such as my friend from
Vermont possesses. But take the country
through ; in all the States—with the exception
perhaps of the State of Vermont, which is so
pure and so good, where the people are so
law-abiding that it can stand an elective judi-
ciary for a long number of years, and in one
case elect one man judge for thirty years 111
succession, and in another case elect another
man for eighteen years in succession—will the
gentleman tell me of any other State where the
rule is that in the court of last resort a judge
sitting therein shall not have the right to hear
and vote upon a case he has tried in the court
below ?
My friend insists that everything is due to
the parties in the case. Is not something due
to the judge? Shall the judge, who has heard
the case and determined it in the court be-
low ; who has given it the best thought he can ;
who has rendered a decision in the case upon
which his reputation as a judge may depend—
shall he have that ease reargued behind his
back, with perhaps not one of the thoughts
suggested upon which he based his judgment,
and then have his opinion overturned when
he might be able to state to the court a single
factor a single principle of law involved in the
case which would show his decision to have
been right ?
Sir, I have lived for twenty-five years under
this system of courts, which tried all cases that
came before them. I can say to the gentle-
man from Vermont that many a time I have
thought when I had been overruled by the
court where the judge sat whose opinion was
being reviewed that I would have that matter
set right, so that such a thing could not hap-
pen again. But after I had grown older and
had thought the matter over more I came to
the conclusion that it was best to leave the
practice where it is; to let the judge who
knows the most about the case, who cannot
have any personal interest iu the matter, and
who only stands up for the integrity of the law,
sit upon the bench, so as to instruct the other
judges in what was the meiits of the case in
the eourt below.
I now give back the floor to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] from whom [
obtained it.
