1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....1st Sess,
Tenure of Office—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
Tenure of Qfflcc.
SPEECH OF HON. NOAH DAVIS,
OF NEW YOUK,
Ix the Hoose op Represeotatives,
March 26, 1869.
The Househaving under consideration the bill (H.
It. No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the tonure of
certain civil officos—
Mr. DAVIS Sdid:
Mr. Speaker: I desire the gentleman from
Ohio to inform the House what becomes of the
office, under the second section of this act, when
the Senate reject a nomination of the person
temporarily designated to perform its duties,
but do not also refuse to assent to the suspen-
sion. In that case does not the office become,
under the second section, entirely in abeyance ?
There remains no officer whatever; and is not
the gentleman from Illinois right when he says
that an office in that condition is not to be filled
except by express action of the Senate in con-
travention of a nomination by the President?
Mr. LOGAN. That is it exactly.
Mr. DAVIS. Such seems to be the condi-
tion to which this section reduces presiden-
tial and senatorial action, when the Senate
refuses to consent to such a nomination but
does not " also refuse " to assent to the sus-
pension.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a few words
as to the nature and effect of the proposed act.
I regard this as the most important subject
likely to come before this House at the present
or any future session. In ray judgment the
Senate of the United States, under pretext of
laying down some portion of the power con-
ferred by the original act, is seeking to draw
to itself the control of all the executive power
of the nation.
How is the executive power of this nation
exercised? Solely under those provisions of
the Constitution which clothe the President
with that power and impose on him the solemn
duty "to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed.'' That care can only be taken through
subordinate officers. The President possesses
no physical power to execute the laws except
as he acts through officers of his appointment.
The Senate's amendment, in my opinion,
substitutes for this single executive of the
Constitution an additional one of sixty-six,
and it may soon be a hundred heads. Instead
of one executive, we are hereafter, if we enact
this amendment, to have whatever number
to- which the Senate shall be swollen. Let
us see if this be not so. The first section of
the act establishes   general system. I beg
the attention of the House to that fact. It
introduces a general system hitherto unknowji.
The bill sought to be amended does not any-
where declare that the power of removal is in
the Senate of the United States. If gentle-
men will refer to the first section of the ori-
ginal act it will be found thatno such declaration
is embodied there. But what does the Senate
provide for itself by the first section of this
act? It establishes a general system to aiiect
all officers appointed by the President, and
declares that every officer—
"Shall be entitled to hold such office during the
term for which he shall have been appointed, unless
sooner removed by and with the advice and consent
ot the Senate."
The advice and consent of the Senate is
made the condition-precedent of all removals.
These are new words, -now interjected for the
first time. Search the original act and you
will fail to find them. They create a new and
universal rule. Strike out the second section
•tud the system of the first is still complete;
and under that system the President, before
be can touch corruption or crime and displace
them from office, must humbly ask the con-
sent of the Senate. What does the> second
section do? It provides a course ot action
unknown to the Constitution for a specific class
of cases that may arise during the recess of
the Senate, and, in connection with other sec-
tions of the act, it binds the President, under
a penalty of $10,000, to use no other mode of
interfering with the Senate's power of removal.
The second section provides that during a re-
cess the President may suspend a civil officer.
Does it authorize him to appoint a successor,
even conditionally ? By no means. He may
"designate" a person to perform the duties
of the suspended officer, but he may not touch
the office itself. That is to remain in the sus-
pended incumbent, whose official life is to
depend upon the will of the Senate. The office
remains in a suspended condition until action
or failure of action on the part of the Senate,
and it does not belong to him to whom the
duties are designated.
Taken together with the third section of the
original act a compound system is created which
puts the power of removal into the hands of
the Senate and makes that body the source of
executive power, instead of the officer to
whom the people by the Constitution have
confided that power and the perpetual obliga-
tion faithfully to execute it.
This system also deprives the President of
authority expressly conferred upon him by the
Constitution. That instrument dec-lares that
the President shall fill up all vacancies that
may happen during the recess of the Senate
by granting commissions which shall expire at
the end of the next session.
But this act declares that the President shall
not fill " all vacancies," but such only as may
happen "by death or resignation." The per-
son whom the President appoints under this
provision of the Constitution is an officer, and
by his appointment holds the office for the
time specified ; but this power is restricted by
the act in question, so that the President may
not exercise it unless an incumbent die or
resign. Can no vacancy happen in recess of
the Senate otherwise than by death or resigna-
tion ? I ask the gentleman from Ohio to tell
the House how offices may become vacant.
Certainly by death, certainly by resignation.
But are these the only modes ? Does not an
office become vacant when the incumbent
moves out of the jurisdiction within which its
duties are to be performed ? May not a vacancy
" happen" upon conviction and imprisonment
in a State prison for felony? Does a man
under sentence of death for a capital crime
hold an office until he be hanged ? Is an office
not vacant when the appointee embezzles the
funds and absconds to foreign lands?
There are various modes in which vacancies
"may happen," even within the narrowest
sense of those words, and most clearly all those
vacancies are covered by the express letter of
the Constitution: and yet this act snatches
every case but two from the constitutional
powerofthe President.and makes him acrim-
inal, subject to the highest penalty, if he obey
the Constitution rather than the act.
There is no mode, I venture to say, in which
the constitutionality of this act can be brought
to a test before the Supreme Court except by
the violation of its provisions by the^ Execu-
tive. I have given much thought to this point,
and my reflections led me the other day to offer
an amendment permitting a provision under
which the court might adjudicate upon the
question.
I believe as solemnly as I believe anything
on eart'h that this act is in conflict with the
Constitution. The Senate under the Consti-
tution has no appointing power whatever. It
is a legislative body, clothed by the Constitution
with an advisory and consulting power. I he
Constitution confers theappointing power upon
the President alone. It declares that
" The President shall nominate, and, by and with
the advice and. consent of the Senate, shall appoint.
Now, when the President has nominated,
surely no officer is appointed. So, when the
Senate has given its advice and consent, no
officer is appointed. These are but two pre-
liminary steps in the process ; necessary stops,
it is true, but neither separately nor together
sufficient to consummate the appointment.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes allowed
by the gentleman from Ohio have expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. Thegentleman's remarks,
and I ask the House to notice the fact, have
been really addressed to the third section of
the tenure-of-office law.
Mr. WARD. I ask, by unanimous consent,
that my colleague be permitted to speak five
minutes longer.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to
that.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DAVIS. The express letter of the Con-
stitution as well as its spirit justify what I have
said. It is when the advice and consent of the
Senate have been given that the President's
power to appoint becomes complete. It is his
appointment, and not the Senate's advice and
consent, that carries power in to the officer under
him to execute the duties of the office so that
the Executive may "take care that the laws be
faithfully executed." If we consent t.o this
amendment from the Senate we subvert this
provision of the Constitution, for we provide
not only for the requisite advice and consent
to the appointment, but that no officer shall be
removed except upon the advice and consent
of the Senate. Where can you find any such
provision' in the Constitution ? This new power
is far greater than that conferred, lor the one
doesnot touch an actual appointment where con-
sent is given, but can only prevent an appoint-
ment where consent is refused. But this new
power enters into the vital functions of the
appointing officer, and of the office itself, by
compelling the President to keep those func-
tions in the person once appointed until the
Senate shall permit their withdrawal.
Authority to grant or withhold consent to an
appointment is one thing; a power to prevent
a removal from office is another. 1 he former
neither appoints to nor confers a single func-
tion of the office. The latter controls the office
and its functions, for the existence of both are
dependent on the power that can displace
them. How can an Executive thus hampered
" take care that the laws be faithiully exe-
cuted?" If the President remove an officer
that fact is evidence that he lias satisfied him-
self that he cannot faithfully execute his own
duty through that person. Why should that
person be thrust, back upon hint because a
majority of the Senate reach a different con-
clusion"? Who has the responsibility? The
President of the United States is subject to
i impeachment. If he fail faithfully to execute
the laws this House may impeach liiniv But
who can impeach the Senate of the United
States, which is the trial-body of all impeach-
ments? If the Senate force upon you bad
officers where is your remedy and where is the
responsibility? Can you send the gentleman
from Ohio to try the Senate as you sent him
to try the President a few months ago ? No ;
i you will be remediless. The Representatives
I of the people will be powerless. You will
I have concentrated in the Senate, an miim-
i peachableandirresponsiblebody which, neither
I the people nor the people's Representatives
|can reach, that executive power which the
Constitution has vested in the President alone
; in order that the laws may be faithfully exe-
: euted.
! After debate', in which Messrs. BiXGILUI.
i G\R-fielp, Schexck, and Bi.atr participated,
i Mr. DAVIS said: Mr. Speaker, this is a
^ question of so much importance that it seems
to me that it ought to be presented to the ecn-
!': sideration of this body with greater care and
deliberation than any of us has been able to
It five to it at this time. The Constitution cre-
:! ated by the people of the United States is
