APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Tenure of Office—Mr. Davis.
41st Cong. ... 1st Sess.
simply their declaration of the power which
they chose to confer upon their servants. That
power is conferred in simple, comprehensive,
and clear language. The language, it seems
to me, in respect to this question admits of no
two constructions. The branch of power we
are now considering is purely executive in its
character. Where have the people, the source
of all power, lodged the executive powers of
their Government? I call the attention of the
House to the language of the Constitution.
" The executive power"—not some executive
power; not an executive power, but " the
executive power"—which is all executive
power conferred by this instrument—"shall
be vested in the President of the United States
of America." What language can be more
clear and explicit?
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman
whether he thinks that clause of the Constitu-
tion confers any power whatever on the Pres-
ident especially ? I ask him whether he thinks
it confers the power of appointment and re-
moval ?
Mr. DAY1S. Tou will see as I progress
what I think it does.
In defining the powers and duties of the
President the Constitution declares that—
"He shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed, and shall commission all officers of the
United States."
Now, sir, if the two clauses I have read stood
by themselves unqualified in the Constitution,
what man could doubt the power of the Exec-
tive? He would have, under these provisions,
power to appoint and remove all necessary
officers at pleasure and under all circumstances.
The provisions I have quoted are ample to carry
such power.
But the Constitution has not given to him
such unqualified power in respect to appoint-
ments. It has placed certain restrictions upon
him ; and his selection of officers can be exer-
cised only in conformity with those restric-
tions. I repeat, without those restrictions no
lawyer can doubt for a moment that the power
of the President would be ample to appoint all
officers necessary to the faithful execution of
the laws. But in the selection of agents for
that purpose the Constitution requires him to
act upon the advice and consent of another
branch of the Government.
In this respect also its language is clear and
explicit: "He shall nominate, and by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate shall
appoint," the officers provided for bythe sec-
tion. Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] insists that the power to appoint
always involves the power to remove. I deny
that proposition in the broad sense in which
the gentleman states it 5 but it is just now quite
aside from my argument, and I need neither
admit nor deny it. What I do deny is that
any appointing power is given by this section
to the Senate; and the question on this sub-
ject is answered by a single and extremely
simple proposition. Let me ask the gentleman
from Ohio this question : when the President
has nominated and the Senate has consented
is the officer thereby and then appointed ? May
he enter upon the duties of the office ? Has he
a right, from those facts alone, to exercise its
powers and claim its emoluments? If no fur-
ther step be taken, and the President says to
him, "Notwithstanding the nomination and
consent J have resolved not to appoint you,"
is he, in despite of the President, an appointed
officer ?
The gentleman says I haive advanced a new
proposition—a mere play upon words—in re-
spect to the appointing power when I deny that
the Senate has such power. I point that gen-
tleman to what occurred upon the first organ-
ization of this Government to contradict his
'assertion. The great intellects that gave birth
to the Constitution after solemn debate gave
to it also the same construction for which I
contend. But they stood not alone. The
Supreme Court of the United States, in its
most illustrious days, gave to the views I have
expressed the sanction of its unanimous decis-
ion. I have before me the opinion of that
court pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall,
whose plain and simple -words make the views
I have presented to-day clearer than sunlight.
Referring to the provision touching appoint-
ments he says:
"These are the clauses of the Constitution and
laws that affect this part of the case. They seem to
contemplate three distinct operations:
" 1. The nomination. This is the sole act of the
President, and is completely voluntary.
" 2. The appointment. This is also the act of the
President, and is also a voluntary act, though it can
only be performed by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate.
"3. The commission. To grant a commission to a
person appointed might perhaps, be deemed a duty
enjoined by the Constitution. 'He shall,'says that
instrument, 'commission all the officers ot the United
States.'"
"The appointment being the sole act of the Pres-
ident, must be completely evidenced when it is shown
that he has done everything to be performed by
him." * * * * * *
"The last act to be done by the President is the
signature of the commission. He has then acted
upon the advice and consent of the Senate to his
own nomination. The time for deliberation is passed.
He has decided. His judgment on the advice and
consent of the Senate concerning his nomination
has been made, and the officer is appointed."
And again he says :
" The appointment being under the Constitution
to be made by the President personally, the delivery
of the deed of appointment, if necessary to its com-
pletion, must be made by the President also."
The decision in Marbury vs. Madison, from
which I have read, clearly discerns and points
out the distinction between the act of nomin-
ating and the act of appointing, and the inter-
mediate advice and consent of the Senate,
without which the act of appointing cannot be
performed, but which when given has nothing
more to do with the act itself than any other
executed condition-precedent. The time has
then been reached when the President may
appoint; but his right to arrest his action and
not appoint is as vigorous and operative as
before any step whatever had been taken.
Will the gentleman from Ohio tell the House
what course he would advise a client to take
who had been nominated by the President and
to whose nomination the Senate had advised
and consented, but who at that stage was met
by a refusal of the President to go further in
his case ? Would he tell him that he was an
officer duly appointed and clothed with power
to use the functions of the office; or would
he advise him that after all there was in law
no appointment, notwithstanding the Senate
had given its consent that there might be one?
The gentleman, for the purpose of illustrating
his views, referred to the marriage contract.
I did not catch the argument he deduced from
it, nor do I see any analogy between the vol-
untary contracts of parties and the exercise of
constitutional powers by the President and
Senate. But from what little knowledge of
law I possess I will venture to say that a mar-
riage contract is never consummated so long
as either party has the absolute right to say
"No ; I will not go on with it." The one
party may cry " Barkis is willin' " as loudly as
does the Senate, but if the other refuse to come
i to the altar there can be no legitimate progeny.
The idea that the alleged union of the pow-
ers of the Executive with those of the Senate
| is a marriage is a pleasant fancy. But I
believe if the President ever consents to such
a marriage, like the Doge of Venice in wed-
ding the Adriatic he will find a bride whose
embrace is death.
You and I, Mr. Speaker, are but agents of
the people, whose are all the powers which it is
our right and duty to exercise on their behalf.
The President of the United States is equally
an agent clothed by the will of the people with
the execution of such laws as the people have
given this House and the Senate powerto enact.
We have neither right nor power to trench
upon the President's authority, nor heto trench
upon the legislative powers of Congress. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scbenck] finds the
authority of the Senate to control removals
in a supposed power of appointment in that
body. 1 deny that it has any power of ap-
pointment ; and I deny also that if the Senate
have such power there inheres in or results from
it any power to control removals. The gentle-
man has studied the framework of our govern-
ments to little purpose if he has not discovered
that the power of appointment and of removal
from office are subjected to rules which gen-
erally distinguish and separate them. The
President is appointed by the people through
electors. Who may remove him? The Senate
only, sitting as a high eourt of impeachment.
The judges are appointed by the President.
Who can remove them ? Senators are appointed
by the Legislatures of the several States. Can
the power that appoints touch them when once
seated in the Senate? The members of this
House are chosen by the people of their dis-
tricts ; who can remove them save the House
itself, or the court of impeachment? The
same immorability by the appointing power
runs through all departments of the Govern-
ment, save the executive. In that, the con-
trolling principle is that he who is charged with
executing th* laws shall have whatever power
exists to displace the officers who impede his
ever-impending constitutional duty. Hence
the Constitution brings him no divided duty,
as it imposes no divided responsibility. In
creating the executive department it clothes
the President with the power to execute the
laws, because it enjoins that act as a solemn
duty and demands under the sanction of his
oath that he "will faithfully execute the
office," and will "preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution." Hanging over him at all
times is the injunction, "Take care that the
laws be faithfully executed." Where in the
Constitution is such a care devolved upon the
Senate? That body is not charged with the
duty of executing the laws. As a Senate it
has no control over the executive department.
And yet it undertakes by this act to draw into
its possession the entire control of presidential
duty. You take the life of the executive power
when you take the means whereby it lives and
acts. How can the President execute the law
if the instrumentalities through which alone
he can lawfully act are subject to another's will
in respect to removals ?
I ask gentlemen to mark that the practical
and legal effect of this act is to give the power
of removal to the Senate alone. This results
from the nature of the transaction. The Presi-
dent becomes simply capable of asking u re-
moval. It is not his act that removes, but the
Senate's, because the consent of the Senate
executes the removal. There is nothing left
to be done. The President says, " I remove or
suspend this unworthy officer." The Senate
says, " We consent"—he is out; or," We do not
consent," aud he is in. The effective act is
altogether the Senate's act, and the President
has become the advisory power. I have shown
that in appointments the advice and consent
of the Senate has no energy to effectuate an
appointment; but this new power that the Sen-
ate seeks has all the energy that accomplishes
an end. The officers once in place must look
for official life or death to the Senate, and so
long as thsy can keep in harmonious relations
with that body they may laugh the Executive
to scorn. The President is dwindled to a posi-
tion as subordinate as the chief of a depart-
mental bureau, who may report his clerks for
removal or perhaps suspend them till his su-
perior acts, but all ultimate results depend upon
the will of the superior. Let the President ask
the removal, let him show what cause he may,
what fraud, what crime, what incapacity and
unfitness he can, and the Senate has but to say
"We do not consent," and the President is
helpless at their feet. When the gentleman
tells me, therefore, that the power of appoint-
