APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Keps.
Reconstruction of Mississippi—Mr. Laiorence.
41st Cong. ... 1st Sess.
by the rules therein prescribed. On the 1st
of July Governor Sharkey issued a proclama-
tion appointing local officers, and fixing an
election to be held August 7 for delegates to a
convention to alter or amend the constiiution.
The convention met August 14. On the
next day President Johnson sent the following
telegram :
Executive OFFICE,
"washington, 1>. c., August 15,1865.
Sir : I am gratified to see that you have organized
your convention. * * * * It you could
extend the elective franchise to all persons of color
who can read the Constitution of tho United States
in English and write their names, and to all persons
of color who own real estate valued at not less than
$250 and pay taxes thereon, you would completely
disarm the adversary and set an example the other
States will follow. * * * * j hope and
trust your convention will do this, and, as a conse-
quence, the Radicals, who are wild upon negro fran-
chise, will he completely foiled in their attempt to
keep the southern States from renewing1 their rela-
tions to tho Union by not accepting their Senators
and Representatives.
President of the United States.
Governor "W. L. Shaekey, Jackson, Mississippi.
The convention did not follow the advice of
the President in relation to the elective fran-
chise, but declared the ordinance of secession
void, and by ordinance directed an elestion to
be held on the first Monday in October for a
governor, legislature, and other State and
county officers, and Representatives in Con-
gress.
This was done. The Legislature met October
16, and on the next day Benjamin G. Hum-
phreys was inaugurated Governor.
Thus a new State government came in and
the provisional government went out.
President Johnson and the Democratic party
insisted that Representatives in Congress thus
elected should be admitted to seats ; that this
new State government thus set in operation
should be recognized as valid; that Senators
clected by the Legislature should be admitted
into the Senate ; that the State was restored
and reconstruction complete.
Congress met in December, 1865, asd re-
solved, on the 20th of February, 1866, that no
Senator or Representative should be admitted
from any rebel State "until Congress shall
have declared such State entitled to repre-
sentation."
I will not attempt to recapitulate the reasons
for this, but I will name some of them. The
President in his proclamation appointing a
provisional governor had declared that the
rebellion had—
"Deprived the people of the State of all [civil
State] government."
This was certainly true after General Warren
had dispersed the Legislature, and after the
insurrectionary rebel State government had
ceased to exist.
All that followed this was a usurpation, until
Congress, b) its reconstruction acts of March
'I and '2:1, 1867, provided a mode of establish-
ing a government.
The proclamation of the President of the
13th of June, 18fl5. appointing a provisional
Governor and prescribing the qualification of
voters was unconstitutional and a usurpation.
The convention therein required to be called
was unauthorized.
The State government it caused to be set up
was illegal.
As the State had no lawful civil State govern-
ment the work of reconstructing a new govern-
ment or reviving the old one belonged exclu-
sively to Congress under the power to guaranty
u republican form of government.
The people might in voluntary conventions,
in the exercise of the right ofpetition, ask Con-
gress to exercise the power to guaranty a
government and thus restore them ; they might
have made, as did the people of Tennessee, a
constiiution, and set up a government subject
to the appro* al and ratification of Congress ;
but leeonstruction and the mode of accom-
plishing it never can be dictated by any one
man until the Republic has ceased to exist and
this has become the land of the tyrant, the
despot, and the usurper.
Congress, it is true, could have ratified the
President's usurpations by admitting the Sen-
ators and Representatives who came here from
Mississippi, thus legalizing the government.
Congress did right in refusing to do that.
The sanction of such usurpation would have
been a surrender of the Constitution.
The Representatives elected in 1803 and sent
up to Congress were Arthur E. Reynolds,
Richard A. Pinson, both colonels in the rebel
army, James T. Harrison, a member of the
rebel provisional congress; A. M. West, and
E. G. Peyton. The Senators were James L.
Alcorn, who was in the Mississippi militia, and
William L. Sharkey.
But Mississippi could have no Senator, for
there was no legal Legislature to elect any,
and the State could have no Representatives,
because there were no legal officers to hold
elections. The election was ordered by an
unauthorized convention, and not in districts
prescribed by law, nor in pursuance of any
writ of election. (Constitution, article 1, Act
of July 16, 1862; 12 United States Statutes-
at-Large, page 572.)
Congress was also justified by the course
pursued by the Legislature and people of Mis-
sissippi. On the 27th November, 1865, a joint
committee of th^Legislature reported agaiust
adopting the thirteenth constitutional amend-
ment abolishing slavery, and the Legislature
adopted the report. In January, 1867, the
Legislature, by a unanimous vote, rejected the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution.
On the 8th of November the Legislature
adopted a memorial to Congress for the par-
don of Jefferson Davis; on the 22d, for the
pardon of Jacob Thompson ; and on the 29th,
for the repeal of the "test-oath." Before yield-
ing obedience to the Constitution and laws the
Legislature began to dictate the duties of the
national Government.
The constitution of the State was a disgrace
to civilization. The legislation was oppres-
sive, iniquitous, and inhuman. Rebels almost
alone held office, and the constitution and laws
stamped loyalty with civil and political disabili-
ties. Social ostracism against all loyal men
made treason and traitors respectable and
loyalty odious. This was reconstruction as
sanctioned by Andrew Johnson and the Dem-
ocratic party. And during all this time there
was not, and even now there would not be but
for the strong arm of the'national Government,
security for the life, liberty, or property ofloyal
men. In proof of this I refer the House to.
the evidence taken before the Reconstruction
Committee in Miscellaneous Document No. 53
of the third session of the Fortieth Congress.
Let me call attention to the legislation in rela-
tion to taxation. The Weekly Pilot of March
18, 18G9, published at Jackson, says:
"The revenue system of the State is the creature
mainly of the partial legislation of 18135-6-7. The
noil-property holder is made to bear the principal
burden of taxation. The colored man with not a
dollar's worth of property is taxed upon his head
two dollars by the State. And under tbissvstcm the
poor man's tax of ttoodollars is multiplied for county
j purposes, &c., until ill some counties it is known to
i have reached tioeuh/-six dollars. And by the ex-
I tmne vigilance of the tax assessor, no colored man
is left off his books, and by the law of exemption for
having served in the confederate army but compar-
atively few white men's names find their way on
the books, and therefore pay no tax, while the col-
ored man is made to pay to tbe last farthing. There
is estimated to bo one hundred thousand adult male
blacks, and eighty-five thousand adult male whites
in tho State. All of the former, to a man. must pay
hispoll-tax, which to the State alone yields a rev-
enue of $200,(100. But of the eighty-five thousand
whites not more than one third are assessed, the
other two thirds being exempt by the unfair laws
mentioned, and therefore the revenue to the State
from the white side of the ledger amounts to but
55'),000, or a little moro than one fourth what the
blacks pay. And add to the above ail average of
three hundred per cent, for county purposes, and the
case stands thus:
11 ovenue from blacks, or non-property
holders  $800,000
From whites  224,000
Total   .$1,024,000
" The above is a fair estimate of the amount derived
directly from tho poll, or per capita tax. Now. what
is the tax on property—real estate, fo-r instance?
One tenth of one per ecnt., and the owner to put his
own valuation upon his lands. What is tlje result?
Why, theownerof two thousand acrcsofland values
it in a lump, say at fifty cents an acre—cultivated
and uncultivated.
Valuation...  $1,000
Tax  1 00
" Exhibit—The colored man with no property pays
eight dollars. The white man with two thousand
acres of land pays nine dollars, if he has not been in
the rebel army; if ho has, one dollar."
When Mississippi had rejected the proposed
terms of reconstruction on the basis of the
adoption of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution, then came the recon-
struction acts of Congress of March 2 and
23, 1867.
Under these laws a convention was elected
in November, 1867. which, on the loth of
May, 1868, finally agreed upon a constitution
to be submitted to a vote of the qualified voters
of the State.
The result was that in November last the
constitution was rejected.
This convention was held under military
orders made by the general in command of the
district.
That officer having power by virtue of acts
of Congress to remove all officers in the State
and fill their places, has not given general sat-
isfaction to the loyal people of the State, espe-
cially in his recent appointments.
In proof of thisIpresenttotheHouseacom-
munication referring to the administration of
General Gillem, as follows:
Corinth, Mississippi, March 22,1869.
Dear Sie: At a called meeting of the Republican
executive committee for Iishemingo county, called
at Corinth, Maroh 22,1869, tho following resolutions
were parsed and ordered to be sent to you, to wit:
We, as Republicans, enter our solemn protest against
the appointments made in this State, for evidently
they are made in the interest of certain rings and
parties and are detrimental to the interests of our
1) irty, inasmuch as those who have been true to the
party under all circumstances aro entirely ignored,
and men are appointed who have never avowed
themselves Republicans on any occasion, and espe-
cially in our county. The newly appointed sheriff
and probate and circuit clerks have qualified and dep-
utized the old incumbents to perform the duties of
their respective offices. * * " Ihus
the department commanderhas made appointments
in accordance with the act of Congress "vacating
all civil offices,">&c., in such a manner that he nul-
lifies the act by a direct evasion to all intents and
purposes. ~ * *
E. C. GILLEN WATERS, Chmrmtm.
R. J. Fleming, Secretary.
Hon. II. T. Fisher, Chairman Republican Executive
Srate Oji/aiuttee of Mississippi. Washington./). C.
His whole administration has been such that
President Grant immediately upon his accession
to power removed him and appointed General
Ames to succeed him. Here, then, is Missis--
sippi with a provisional civil government, each
officer in which holds office at the pleasure of
the military commander of the district, who has
power to remove them and appoint others in
his discretion, subject to the revision of the
General of the Army.
It is a part of our history that this military
control over the civil provisional governments
and officers was conferred upon the military
commanders by the reconstruction law, be-
cause Congress had no confidence in President
Johnson, but had in most of the commanders.
Bat for this these laws would have been so
drawn as to give the control of reconstruction,
with the appointment and removal of officers
so far as necessary, to the President as a civil
officer, or more likely to a provisional governor
appointed by the President, or to some other
civil power, aided by the exercise of military
authority only to preserve the peace, protect
