APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Kerr.
41st Cong—1st Sbss.
tender the olive branch, to give another oppor-
tunity to the people of Mississippi, another
invitation to the late rebels to resume fraternal
relations to the Union under the jiolicy of the
reconstruction laws of Congress.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 9, 1869,
On the bill to enforce tbe fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution and the laws of the United States,
and to restore the State of Georgia to the repub-
lican government elected under its new constitu-
tion.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, Georgia is a
State in the Union. It was never out, except
before that beneficent sisterhood was formed.
It was then one of the immortal thirteen. It
participated in the revolutionary struggle,
which at once established its own independent
statehood and made it possible to erect our
Federal Government. It then became one of
the wise and patriotic architects of the " United
States." But it did not thus surrender its in-
dividuality as a State, its original and absolute
equality with the others, its sacred right of local
self-government.
Its citizens during the rebellion destroyed
for a time its relations of practical harmony
with the Federal Government. On the termin-
ation of that contest they made cheerful haste
to restore them. They did restore them ou
the basis of complete obedience to the Consti-
tion of the United States as the supreme law.
They then asked restoration to the constitu-
tional and fundamental right of representation
in Congress. That was not granted, because
they had not given political power to ignorance
and barbarism and disfranchised intelligence
aud virtue; because they had refused to have
faith in the selfish and destructive policy of the
Radical party and to assure their ascendency
# in the State.
Then Congress, by a series of most unjust
and tyrannical enactments, proceeded to compel
them to do these things. The last of these
acts, approved June 25, 1868, recites that in
pursuance of the requirements of the previous
laws the State of Georgia "has framed a con-
stitution of State government which is repub-
lican, and has adopted said constitution- by a
large majority of the votes cast at the election
held for the ratification or rejection of the
same.'' It then declares that Georgia—
■ "Shall be entitled and admitted to representation
m Congress as a State of the Union when the Legis-
lature of such State shall have duly ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-^Yinth Congress. and known
as article fourteen, upon the following fundamental
conditions: that the constitution of said State shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote m said State who are entitled to vote
fry the constitution thereof herein recognized es-
eept as a punishment for such crimes as are now fel-
onies at common law, whereof they shall have been
uuly convicted, under laws equally applicable to all
the inhabitants oi the State, and that the first and
tturu subdivisions of section seventeen of the fifth
article of tho constitution of said State, except the
proviso to the first subdivision, shall be null and
UVh° Gene™1 Assembly of said State
sfnfi tl?fi psk'lc ?ct jhall declare the assent of the
fotate to the foregoing fundamental conditions."
Georgia then voluntarily and in
good faith complied with every condition so
imposed, and thus entitled itself, even upon
the despotic theory of Congress, to full repre-
sentation in the Senate and House, and to be
received and treated in the Union as a read-
mitted State. But it is the experience of the
world that unauthorized power is insatiable in
its demands. It may at first have some real
or imaginary connection with the public wel-
fare. It will always pretend some motive con-
sistent witn the public good. But it is always
infinitely dangerous to the liberties of the peo-
ple and to free institutions. It leads by a uni-
form and inevitable fatality to that confusion
of perceptions which never fails, sooner or
later, to induce its possessors to mistake their
own personal interests, their own selfish aims
or ambitious schemes, for the general welfare,
and to call that patriotism or loyalty which is
only the wicked prompting of their own judi-
cial blindness, unbridled passions, greedy
cupidity, or unhallowed love of power. Presi
dent Montesquieu centuries ago noted the
truth that whoever " has such power is brought
to the abuse of it." During the last five years
our country has been made to supply numer-
ous conspicuous illustrations of this great truth.
These have nearly all arisen out of the admin-
istration of tho Federal Government by the
Republican party. The prescribed boundaries
of delegated power, and even the most express
inhibitions in the Constitution, have been by
that party repeatedly disregarded, contempt-
uously and defiantly disregarded and violated.
But, Mr. Speaker, in sad and profound sin-
cerity I assure the House and the country that
in my judgment no single bill has ever yet been
seriously offered for enactment by Congress
that embodied so many principles and propo-
sitions that are inherently vicious, cruel, un-
constitutional, and revolutionary as those con-
tained in the one now under consideration,
which bears the pretentious title of "A bill to
enforce the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States, and
to restore the State of Georgiafo the republican
government elected under its new constitu-
tion." The latter half of this title is very sig-
nificant. Heretofore the assumption by Con-
gress has been of a right "to guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of
government." But now, and in this bill, it is
of the power to restore the State of Georgia to
the republican government elected under its
new constitution. In this remarkable phrase,
'•the republican government," to which the
State of Georgia is to be restored, is synony-
mous with the negro representatives who have
been, in accordance with the constitution and
laws of that State, expelled from its Legisla-
ture. There can be nothing restored to the
members who were not expelled, for they have
been deprived of nothing. Yet the very con-
stitution of Georgia, in obedience to which
these colored representatives were decided to
be ineligible to hold office, was solemnly de-
clared by Congress, in the actof June 25, 1868,
to be republican, both in form and spirit. Has
it so soon outlived its republican character;
or does that character exist and cease to exist
in obedience to the changing will or whim of
Congress? Disguise it or deny it as you please,
the latter is its true import.
The friends and authors of this bill have
come, by the possession and abuse of power
and by a course of reckless partisan training,
to entertain the tyrant's dogma that their will
is the supreme law of the land. "The will of
the people," in the revolutionary parlance of
Radicalism, has become, instead of a supreme
written law for ourselves and our posterity, a
mere oracle of the powers of the majority in
Congress, speaking at different times the most
opposite commands and in the most ambigu-
ous voices, and yet to which implicit homage
is to be paid. Thus a written Constitution
and limitations upon power in their hands have
become ropes of sand, and the rights and lib-
erties of the people have been committed to
the keeping of a despotic Congress. It is very
rapidly coming to pass that the greatest enemy
of liberty, peace, and prosperity in our country
is the Congress of the United States. The
people have infinite need to awake from their
lethargy, inquire whither they are tending, and
study without prejudice the true principles of
our Government and institutions, to the end
that they may fitly rebuke their unfaithful ser-
vants and wisely select others.
Mr. Speaker, in the further discussion of
this most cruel and iniquitous measure I will
examine its provisions in their order. For
convenience of reference, and to save repeti-
tions, I shall insert in my remarks a full copy
of the bill and preamble, broken into para-
graphs by numbers to facilitate reference to
the different parts of the text considered under
the corresponding numbers, in my remarks:
Whereas the Legislature in the. State of Georgia
elected under its new constitution, preparatory to the
restoration of that Stato to its proper place in the
Union, and to the admission of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress therefrom, has, in violation of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution, of the Uni-
ted State/f, refused to purge itself of members ioho by
said amendment were prohibited from being such mem-
bers, and from acting as such, and has permitted and
continues to permit sueh members to act as such.
This statement does gross injustice to the
Legislature of Georgia, because it is not true.
When the Legislature first assembled this sub-
ject was discussed, and General Moade de-
layed his decision until he could consult Gen-
eral Grant. The latter had already taken the
advice of the chairman and others of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction in the Fortieth Con-
gress in connection with the organizati on of the
Legislature of Louisiana. That advice was that
under the reconstruction laws the "test-oath"
was not required to be taken by the members. It
has never yet been required of the members of
a single legislative body in the reconstructed
States. The law does not require it against
them. Hence General Grant instructed Gen-
eral Meade not to require it of the Legislature
of Georgia. He did not, and in this conformed
precisely to the orders of General Grant, the
reconstruction laws, and the uniform practice.
But Governor Bullock, to secure a pretext for
the expulsion of some decent men who oppose
his villainy and ambition, demands that the
test-oath shall be enforced against them, and
alleges that twenty-five or thirty members can-
not take it. Yet the legal testimony of the
members themselves shows that not one mem-
ber in either house is ineligible under the four-
teenth amendment.
When the Legislature was organized in July,
1868, a careful examination was instituted into
the eligibility of the members, respectively,
under the third section of that amendment,
and none were found to be thereby disqualified.
The Legislature of Georgia being, under the
express terms of its constitution aud the com-
mon parliamentary law of this country, the
sole judge of the elections, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members, was the proper
and only tribunal to make that examination.
For the purposes connected with its own or-
ganization its jurisdiction is absolutely exclu-
sive. Neither Congress nor the courts, State
or Federal, can question it. The Legislature,
therefore, proceeded regularly, legally, and in
exact ffimformity with the laws which govern
all like bodifes. For its own action its judg-
ment is final and irreversible, except by itself.
Under the fourteenth amendment whatever
power Congress possesses to prohibit the dis-
qualified persons from holding office is against
the persons only who so offend. That power
can only be exercised or asserted by appro-
priate legislation and legal proceedings there-
under against such persons, and then only
through the agency of the Federal judiciary.
But I will return to this subject soon.
Mr. Speaker, the better to make clear the
danger, the animus, and infamy of this bill,
let it be assumed that these disabilities do exist
as alleged by the Governor. What legal re-
sult follows that admission? What constitu-
tional power or jurisdiction arises therefrom ?
For the better understanding of my answer to
these questions I invite careful attention to
the language of the third section of the four-
teenth amendment. It reads :
"Noperson shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under ths
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or
