1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong....1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Keps.
as any officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officcr of atiy State, to support the Constitution
or the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may
by a vote of two thirds of each House remove such
disability."
This section creates a disability and contains
a prohibition against certain persons holding
certain offices, not against the States in their
legislative or other capacity. . It contains no
grant of power to Congress. It confers no
right upon us to legislate for a State or to
amend its laws or constitution, or to over-
throw its civil government and supersede its
officers, or confer upon them or others the
control of the State, or to displace a civil gov-
ernment by law with a military government by
force, or to subject any portion of the people
in times of profound peace to the iron hand
or heel of despotic power. It was conceived
in no cruel or fraudulent intent to enable Con-
gress to subvert the governments of the States,
or to destroy, suspend, or deny the sacred
rights of the States for local self-government.
It was not ratified by the people to make it
possible for Congress to do any of these cruel
acts in order to keep corrupt and tyrannical
partisans in office in the States or to promote
their efforts to plunder, oppress, and torture
the people. All these things this bill claims
power to do under that amendment. If the
admission by any State Legislature of thirty
members to its body who cannot take the test-
oath confers these fearful powers upon Con-
gress, then the admission of five or of one such
would produce the same result. This result
would follow the like act as well if done in
Massachusetts or Indiana as if done in Geor-
gia. If any State in the Union should fail to
purge its public service of all such disqualified
officers upon the monstrous theory of this bill
Congress might overturn its government and
dictate to it another. Such theories a few
years ago would have been universally de-
nounced by an indignant and alarmed people
as treasonable. They are uttered now in vio-
lation and contempt of every principle of civil
liberty, of stable government, of free institu-
tions protected by written constitutions.
Under this section the disability is and can
only be a personal disability, resulting from
the participation in the rebellion after having
held some one of the specified offices and taken
the specified oath. If any offense or crime is
committed by any person under such disability
by holding any such forbidden office that offense
or crime is also personal. The State in its cor-
porate capacity cannot commit such a crime.
It cannot be indicted, arraigned, tried, con-
victed in any court of justice, or punished
according to law for any such offense. The
supremacy of the United States acts upon
individuals, not States; upon the personal
offender, not upon the State of which he is a
citizen, if the State can be subjected to con-
gressional chastisement, domination, or over-
throw for the offense in question, when com-
mitted by one of its citizens, then, by irrefu-
table parity of reason the same result might
follow the commission by any of its citizens of
any other crime against the laws of the United
Slates. The Constitution says, " the trial of
all crimes, except of impeachment, shall be
by jury; and such trial shall be held in the
State where the said crimes shall have been
committed." How will you obey this man-
date if the State can commit crime? Its mere
suggestion demonstrates its legal absurdity.
But it may be contended that the doing of
these forbidden things by the citizens of a State
may be imputed against the State as a sort of
constructive or political crime, for which the
State maybe punished by the temporary denial,
degradation, or destruction of its statehood by
Congress. Can such legal twaddle find any
advocates among intelligent or honest men?
Is the equality of the States in the Union a de-
lusion or a fact? Can it coexist with the right
of Congress, at its pleasure, for any such real
or alleged State offense, to take any State out
of the Union and subject it to the lash of con-
gressional discipline ? It may be said that Con-
gress is empowered by appropriate legislation
to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment. I admit it. So is Congress au-
thorized to enforce, by like legislation, every
other function or power vested in it by the
Constitution. The Constitution declares that—
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque andreprisal;
coin money; emit bills of credit; make anything
but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of
debts; pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law,
or law impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant
any title of nobility."
It inhibits in equally specific terms the doing
of many other things by the States. Yet it is
common history that many of these limitations
upon their powers have been disregarded and
violated at times by many of the States. They
have perhaps all, atone timeoranother, enacted
laws impairing the obligation of contracts, or
have enacted ex post facto laws, and some
have created the prohibited bills of credit, and
others have enacted bills of attainder and other
unconstitutional laws. The most celebrated
example in our day of ex post facto laws and
of bills of attainder was enacted by the State
of Missouri, and was lately denounced by the
Supreme Court as vicious and tyrannical in
principle, unconstitutional, and null and void.
But those infamous laws were enacted in the
interests of radicalism, although conceived in
a spirit of persecution, selfishness, and inhu-
manity, and therefore won the admiration and
support of the majority in this House, and the
decisions of the Supreme Court against them
won for that tribunal the bitter anathemas of
Congress, and well nigh cost it its righful juris-
diction if not its existence.
Let it be noted that these prohibitions are
against the States as such, while those in the
third section of the fourteenth amendment are
only against the "person," yetno court, jurist,
statesman, political preacher, or even cross-
roads politician, ever had the hardihood or
ignorance to claim that for any of these acts
of vicious and unconstitutional legislation Con-
gress could deal with any State as this bill
proposes to deal with Georgia; that Congress
could depose the government of the State, an-
nul by congressional declaration its laws, set
aside its constitution, and submit its people,
property, interests, liberties, welfare, to the
merciless depredations of a set of cormorants,
thieves, and tyrants. But this bill proposes
to do these things under this section, although
the disability is expressly limited to theperson.
I am unable to command words to fitly char-
acterize this proposition.
What power does this third section give
Congress? It gives it power, by appropriate
legislation, to prohibit the disqualified persons
from holding the specified offices, under pen-
alty or without penalty, in its discretion. But
this legislation can only be directed against
the offending persons, not in any event or form
against the States whose citizens they are. This
power may be fully exercised and absolutely
exhausted by Congress without in the slightest
degree affecting the State, or any of its de-
partments or citizens, except the individual
offenders. This is the consistent, rational, and
established construction of all such powers.
It has been solemnly approved and never ques-
tioned by the highest courts of the country,
and by all intelligent jurists and writers. It
preserves from overthrow the self-government
of the States, maintains our dual systems of
government, State and Federal, in their proper
spheres, prevents the centralism of all power
in Congress, and thus enables the people, if
vigilant and uncorrupted, to perpetuate civil
liberty and resist the fearful tendency of the
times toward the erection of a congressional
despotism. It secures to the judiciary, the
Supreme Court, as a coordinate department of
the Government, its high and sacred office of
interpreter and preserver of the Constitution
and of civil liberty under it. This is the great
function and prerogative of that court. All its
powers are judicial; these questions are all
judicial; they demand high judicial determina-
tion, not angry, partisan, and indiscriminating
political or legislative decision. Let Congress '
enaet a brief and humane law, prescribing a
mode of trial and punishment for persons
offending against this section. Then its duty
will be done, and the balance ought to be left
to the courts. Better still to provide merely a
mode for the removal of all such disabilities.
They offend the spirit of humanity, mercy, and
good government. They rest upon no basis of
moral turpitude, personal unfitness or incom-
petency, or of existing infidelity to the Gov-
ernment. The disqualification itself is punish-
ment. It needs no superadded severity or
penalties. Its existence ought not to be con-
tinued. It is a barrier to peace, restoration,
and prosperity. It is the greatest enemy of
true loyalty. It punishes not only the disqual-
ified officers, but what is vastly more import-
ant, it punishes the communities, the people,
and the States, by depriving them of the ser-
vices of their most faithful, experienced, and
competent public servants.
The preamble further recites:
" And whereas a majority of the persons in fact
composing said Legislature has, in violation of said
Constitution, and of said constitution of Georgia, and
in violation of the fundamental principles upon which
Congress consented to the restoration aforesaid, ex-
pelled from said Legislature a largo number of its
legally qualified members upon the sole ground that
they were persons of African blood."
This is not true as stated. They were not
expelled because they were persons of African
blood alone, but because, being such persons,
they were disqualified to hold office in Georgia,
either under the constitution and laws thereof
or the Constitution of the United States or
the reconstruction laws of Congress. This
proposition is susceptible of the most conclu-
sive demonstration. No reconstruction law of
Congress providing for the reorganization of
governments in the rebel States required them
to give the right to hold office to their colored
citizens. The fourteenth amendment does not
require it. It does declare that—
"No State shall make.or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
But the rights to vote and to hold office in a
State are not of such " privileges or immuni-
ties." If they are, they must belong alike to
all citizens, male and female, black and white,
infant and adult. If they are, then all State
constitutions and laws inconsistent therewith
are annulled, and all laws of the States re-
quiring certain periods of bona fide residence
within their borders'to-entitle persons to vote
and certain other and longer periods to entitle
them to hold certain State offices are null and
void. Then the black man or white man, after
a day's residence in Indiana or Ohio, may vote
and bo elected to and hold office.
If the right to voteXand to hold office inhere
in and constitute a pit of the constituent ele-
ments of citizenship of the United States or of
the "privileges and immunities of citizens of
the United States" then these results follow,
and this charge against Georgia is well taken.
But who will claim that they do? The simple
consciousness, if not the intelligence, of every
man must reply that these and many other
privileges are enjoyed both by the citizens of
any State and by those of others who may move
to and settle in it only on conditions, and that
these conditions are always prescribed by each
State for itself. Yet if the citizen gets these
privileges from the Constitution of the United
States they are unconditional and absolute,
and the State can surround or limit their enjoy-
ment by no conditions. The colored citizen
of Georgia, therefore, who is also a citizen of
