18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
Ho. or Keps.
Proposed Recognition of Cuba—Mr. Willard.
41st Cong...."1st Sess.
Proposed Recognition of Cuba.
SPEECH OF HON. C. W. WILLARD,
OF VERMONT,
Is the House op Representatives,
April 9, 1869,
In opposition to theresolution of sympathy with the
insurrection in Cuba.
Mr. WILLARD. Early in the session, Mr.
Speaker, the member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] introduced, for reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the following:
Joint resolution to authorize tho recognition of the
independence of Cuba.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the people of the United States .sympa-
thize ■with the patriotic people of Spain in their
efforts to establish theliberties of theSpanish nation.
Sec. 2. And belt further resolved, That recognizing
the principle of the absolute sovereignty of the peo-
ple, upon which they believe all just governments
to be tounded, the peonle of the United States sym-
pathize with the jjeople of Cuba in their effort, to
secure their independence, and will welcome to the
family of independent nations arepublican govern-
ment that guaranties the liberty of all persons.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to recoanize theindepend-
ence of Cuba whenever in his opinion a republican
form of government shall have been in fact estab-
lished.
It became very soon quite clear to those favor-
ing an expression of sympathy with the Cuban
revolution, that such expression had better not,
for the s-ike of consistency, be coupled with a
declaration of kind regard for the liberal move-
ment in Spain, inasmuch as the rebellion in
Cnba was an attempt to overthrow, in that
island, the authority of the new Spanish pro-
visional government, which had recently, and
with expressions of cordial regard, been recog-
nized by us. The Liberalists in Spain would
not thank us for sending them friendly greetings
on their success, if we at the same time ex-
pressed, however guardedly, a wish that they
might be robbed of the fairest jewel in their
possession. Such a kiss would be blistering
rather than congratulatory. The expression
ofsympathy with '• the patriotic people ot Spain
in their efforts to establish the liberties of the
Spanish nation" was accordingly dropped from
the resolution.
A fear, I presume, of the action of the Senate
upon a, joint resolution of this character, led
to a further modification of the measure, and
it comes before us to day as a House resolu-
tion, in this form :
liesolved by the House of Representatives, That the
people of the United States sympathize with the
people of Cuba m their patriotic efforts to secure
their independence and establish arepublican form
of government, guatantying the personal liberty and
the equal political rights of all the people; and the
House of Representatives will give its constitutional
support to the President of the United States when-
ever, in hi<i opinion, a republican government shall
have been in fact established, and he may deem it
expedient to recognize the independence and sov-
eieignty of such republican government.
As a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs I was unable to agree with the majority
in reporting this resolution ; and I will briefly
give my reasons for that disagreement, and for
my vote against this quasi recognition of an, as
yet, unsuccessful rebellion.
This resolution, or the proposed action of
this House, in my judgment, has no warrant in
the law or comity of nations, is unprecedented
in the action of our Government, is opposed
to every construction which we have ever put
upon our duties as a neutral Power, is unne-
cessary, can answer no good purpose whatever,
and, so far as it has any force as a legislative
expression, can only serve to complicate our
relations with Spain, put us in a false attitude
in our complaints against England for her
interference in our civil war, and make it much
more difficult for the Executive to maintain a
strict neutrality during the disturbances in
Cuba.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that self-interest,
lust of power and dominion, inclination and
expediency, have so much influence upon the
conduct of Governments in their dealings with
each other that the law of nations has been
construed rather according to the wish and
the will of the strongest Power than according
to the true comity that all peoples with any
sense of honor ought to respect and insist upon.
It thus happens that each Government has
come to some extent to be a law unto itself.
There can be no doubt, however, and I believe
no member of this House doubts, that the
comity which ought to exist between friendly
Powers requires the Government of every na-
tion, in all its departments, to maintain a strict
and impartial neutrality in all eases of civil war
betweeu friendly Powers. This is true even
when the insurrection or revolution has become
so far a success as to have established a cle
facto Government. In Wheaton's Treatise on
international Law, edited by Ii. H. Dana, jr.,
I find the following:
"Until the revolution is consummated, while the
civil war involving a contest for the Government
continues, other States may remain indi£fei eut&pec-
tators of thecontrnversy, still continuing to treat the
ancient Government as sovereign, and the Govern-
ment de facto as a society entitled to the rights ot war
against its enemy; or may espouse the rights of the
party which they believe to have justice  n its side.
In the first case the foreign State fulfills all its obli-
gations under the law of nations, and neither party
has any right to complain provided it maintains a
strict impartiality. In the latter it becomes, of
course, the enemy of the party against -whom it de-
clares itself, and the ally of the others."— Ticvnty-
third section, eighth edition.
This is the law, and I proceed, Mr. Speaker,
to set forth our practice in conformity to it.
The conduct of this Government, in its treat-
ment of the insurrections in the Spanish Amer-
ican provinces, deserves the most careful con-
sideration in its bearing upon the action which
this House is asked to take. Although our
relations with Spain were then not of the most
friendly character, we gave no sign of recogni-
tion or official act of sympathy until long after
the colonies had achieved their actual inde-
pendence.
Buenos Ayres declared its independence of
Spain in 1816, after having in fact maintained
an independent form of government under the
protection of Spain since 1810. This example
was almost immediately followed by the suc-
cessful revolt of many other South American
provinces. These revolutions were then looked
upon by the ardeni and hopeful friends of free
government with great interest, and enlisted
the warmest sympathy of many people in the
United States. Our Government took early
measures to ascertain the exact state of affairs
in South America, but made no public expres-
sion of its sympathy by any department of the
Government until the independence oi' tho
South American States had been in fact se-
cured- Mr. Clay, one of the mostardent friends
of the new governments, in March 1818, in his
place in the House, moved an appropriation for
the outfit and salary of a minister to the prov-
inces of Rio de la Plata. I n his speech in sup-
port of that motion he said :
" He did not maintain that every immature revo-
lution, every usurper beiore Ins power was consoli-
dated, ought to be recognized;"
"that our interest, a* well as our neutral attitude,
required us to recognize any established government
in Spanish America, and that the United Provinces
of the river Plata was such a Government." j
It will be noticed that Mr. Clay then pro- j
posed no action that was not based upon the !
fact that a government had been actually es- j
tablished. He proposed no interference with 1
or declaration respecting an "immature revo-
lution,*' or a power which had not become
"consolidated." His proposition, however,
was negatived by the House, after listening to
his most fervid eloquence, by a vote of 45 to
115.
At the commencement of the next session
of Congress, in December, 1819, President
Monroe in his annual message treats of the
relations of this Government with the civil war
in South America; and his statement of the
attitude and duties of the United States at that
time is so entirely pertinent to this discussion,
and so eminently wise and judicious, that 1
quote at length that part of the message :
" In the civil war existing between Spain and the
bpanish provinces in this hemisphere the greatest
care has been taken to enforce the laws intended to
preserve our impartial neutrality. Our ports have
continued to be equally open to both parties, and on
tho same conditions; and our citizens have been
equally restrained from interfering with either to tho
prejudice of the other. The progress of the warhas
operated manifestly in favor of the colonies. Bue-
nos Ayres still maintains unshaken the independ-
ence which it declared in 1816 and has enjoyed since
1810. Like success has also lately attended Chili and
the province north of the La Plata, bordering on it,
' and likewise Venezuela.
"This contcst has, from its commencement, been
very interesting to other Powers, and to none more
so than to thoUnitcd States. A virtuous people may
and will confine themselves within the limit, of strict
neutrality; but it is not m their power to behold a
conflict so vitally important to their neighbors with-
out the seiifibinty and sympathy that naturally
belong to such a case. It h s been the steadv yur-
| pose of this Government to prevent that feeling lead-
ing to excels, and it is very gratifying to have it m
my power to state that, so strong ii.iq been the sense
throughout the whole community of what was due
to the characterand obligations of nations, very lew
examples of a contrary kind have occurred.
• "Thedistanceot the colonies from the parent coun-
try, ^nd the great extent ot their popu'ation and
! resources, gave them advantages which it was antici-
[ pated at a very early period would be difficult for
| Spain to suimount. Tile steadiness, consistency, and
I success with which they have pursued their object,
| as evinced more particularly by tho undistuibed
; sovereignty which Buenos Avres has so long enjoyed,
j evidently give them a strong claim to the favorable
! consideration ot othernations. Thesesentiments on
j the paitof the Unued State-shave notbeen withheld
from other Poweis, with whom it is desirable to act in
concert. Should it become manifest to the world
that the efforts of Spam to subdue these provinces
will be fiuitless, it may be presumed that the Spanish
Government will itself give up tho contest. In pro-
ducing such a determination it cannot be doubted
that the opinion ot friendly Powers who have taken
; no part in the controversy will have meiited in-
! fluence.
" It is of the highest importance to our national
character, and indispensable to the morality of our
citizens, that all violations of our neutrality should
be prevented. No door should be left open for evasion
of our laws, no opportunity afforded to any who m.iy
be disposed to take advantage of it fo compromise
the interest or honor of the nation. It is submitted,
therefore, to the consideration of Congress whether
it may not be advisable to revise the laws with a
: view to this desirable result.''
| It is worthy of mention, Mr. Speaker, that
! Congress then acted upon the suggestion of
; President Monroe and passed a law with strin-
gent provisions against expeditions leavingour
ports to engage in hostilities against nations
with which we were at peace. Whatever sym-
pathy the people of this country then had with
the struggling patriots of South America it did
not find official expression in either House of
Congress.
IiV'Aprii, 1-820, Mr. Clay moved to provide
by law an outfit and salary for ministers to
such " South American provinces as had estab-
lished ana were maintaining their independ-
ence." In the debate upon this motion Mr.
Clay said:
"Two questions only were necessarily preliminary
: to the leeuguithm of the independence ot the people
j of the South : first, as to the fact of their mdepend-
j ence; andsecondly, as to their capacity for self-gov-
I eminent. On, the jirtt point not a doubt existed ; on
^ the second, there was every evidence in its favor,"
j The resolution was adopted by a vote of 80
| to 75, but no appropriation was made and no
I further action was taken at that session of
| Congress.
i In February, 1821, Mr. Clay moved, as an
| amendment to an appropriation bill, to insert
I a provision making an appropriation for outfit
j and salaiy to any South American government
| which had established and wan maintaining its
: independence of Spain. This motion failed by
a vote of 70 to 80. During the same month
Mr. Clay offered this resolution :
" Resolved, ThattheHouseofReprescntativespar-
tieipates with the people of the United States in the
deep interest which they feel for the success of the
Spanish provinces of South America, which arc strug-
gling to establish their liberty and independence;
and that it will give its constitutional support to the
