22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate.
. [April 13,
Our Claims on England—Mr. Sumner.
41st Cong....Special Sess.
All this I quote directly from tbe treaty. It
is article five. The national cause is handled
as nothing more than a bundle of individual
claims, and the result of the proceedings under
tins proposed treaty is to be a " full and final
■ settlement," so that hereafter all claims " shall
be considered and treated as finally settled and
barred and thenceforth inadmissible.'' Here
is no provision for the real question, which,
though thrust out of sight, or declared to be
"finally settled and barred," according to the
terms of the treaty, must return to plague the
two countries. Whatever the treaty may say
in terms, there_ is no settlement in fact, and
until this is made there will be a constant men-
ace of discord. Nor can it be forgotten that
there is no recognition of the rule of interna-
tional duty applicable to such cases. This, too,
is left unsettled.
While doing so little for us the Treaty makes
ample provision for all known claims on the
British side. As these are exclusively "indi-
vidual" they are completely covered by the
text, which has no limitations or exceptions.
Already it is announced in England that even
those of "confederate bondholders" are in-
cluded. I have before me an English journal
winch describes the latter claims as founded
on " immense quantities of cotton, worth at
the time of their seizure nearly two shillings a
pound, which were then in the legal possession
of those bondholders' and the sameauthority
adds, " these claims will be brought, indiffer-
ently with others, before the designed joint
commission whenever it shall sit." " From an-
other quarter I learn that these bondholders
are " very sanguine of success tinder the treaty
as -it is worded, and certain it is that the loan
went up from 0 to 10 as soon as it was ascer-
tained that the treaty was signed." I doubt if
the American peopleare readyjust nowto pro-
vide for any such claims. That they have risen
iii the marketis an argument against the Treaty.
THE CASE ACAIXST ENGLAND.
1'assing from the treaty, I come nowto con-
sider briefly, but with proper precision, the true
ground ot complaint; and here again w e shall
-ee the constant inadequacy of the remedy
now applied. It is with reluctance that I enter
upon this statement, and I doit only in thedis-
charge of a duty which cannot be postponed.
Close upon the outbreak of our troubles, just
one month after the bombardment of Fort
Sumter, when the rebellion was still undevel-
oped, when the National Government was be-
ginning those gigantic efforts which ended so
triumphantly, the country was startled by the
news that the British Government had inter-
vened by a proclamation, which accorded bel-
ligerent rights to the rebels. At the early date
when this was done the rebels were, as they re-
mained to the ^close, without ships on the
ocean, without Prize Courts or other tribu-
nals for tbe administration of justice on the
ocean, without any of those conditions which
at e the essential prerequisites to such a con-
cession; and yet the concession was general,
being applicable to the ocean and the land, so
that by British fiat they became ocean belliger-
ents as well as land belligerents. Tn the swift-
ness ol_ this bestowal there was very little con-
sideration for a friendly Power; nor does it
appear that there was any inquiry into those
conditions-precedent on which it must depend.
Ocean belligerency being a " fact,'' and not a
" principle," can be recognized only on evidence
showing its actual existence, according to the
rule, first Slated by Mr. Canning and afterward
i eoogni^ed by Earl Russell, But no such evi-
dence was adduced; for it did not exist and
never has existed.
Too much stress cannot be laid upon the
rule, that belligerency is a " fact" and not a
"principle." It is, perhaps, the most import-
ant contribution to this discussion, and its
original statement, on the occasion ox the
Greek revolution, does honor to its author, un-
questionably the brightest genius ever directed
to this subject. According to this rule, bel-
ligerency must be proved to exist, it must be
shown. It cannot be imagined or divined or
invented; it must exist as a "fact" within
the knowledge of the world or at least as a
"tact ' susceptible of proof. Nor can it be
inferred on the ocean merely from its exist-
ence on the land. Prom the beginning, when
God called the dry land earth and the gather-
ing of the waters called He seas, the two have
been separate, and the power over one has
not necessarily implied power over the other.
There is a dominion of the land and a domin-
ion of the ocean. But, whatever power the
rebels possessed on the land, they were always
without power on the ocean. Admitting that
they were belligerents on the land, they were
never belligerents on the ocean : ,
The oak leviathans, whoso huge ribs make
Their clay creator the vain title take
Ot Lord of thee, and arbiter of war ;
these they never possessed. Such was the
"fact," that must govern the present question.
The rule, so simple, plain and intelligible, as
stated by Mr. Canning, is a decisive touch-
stone of the British concession, which, when
brought to it, is found to be without support.
Unfriendly in the precipitancy with which it
was launched, this concession was more un-
friendly in substance. It was the first stage in the
depredations oil our commerce. Had it not
been made no rebel ship could have been built in
England. Every step in her building would have
been piracy. Nor could any munitions of war
have been furnished. The direct consequence |
of this concession was to place the rebels on an I
equality with ourselves in all British markets, |
whether of ships or munitions of war. As these j
were open to the Natioual Government, so were !
they open to the rebels. The asserted neutral- ;
ity between the two began by this tremendous |
concession when rebels, at one stroke, were !
transformed not only into belligerents but into j
customers. j
In attributing to that bad proclamation this I
peculiar influence, I follow the authority of the I
law lords ot' England, who, aecordingtoauthen- i
tic report, announced that without it the fitting ■'
out of a ship in England to cruise against the j
United States would have been an act of piracy. I
This conclusion was clearly stated by Lord j
Chelmsford, Ex-Chancellor, speaking for hiin- !
self and others, when lie said: "If the'Soutiiern j
Confederacy had not been recognized as a be!■ !
ligerent Power, he agreed with his noble and
learned friend [Lord Brougham] that, under
these circumstauees, if any Englishman were
to fit out a privateer for the purpose of assist-
ing the Southern States against the Northern
States, lie would be guilty of piracy."- This
conclusion is only according to analogies of
law. It is criminal for B"it'N!. '-..Meets to fowe
bombs or hand-gi
the assassination
if
oinpioyoa m j
a f'jrei 'u sovereign at !
peace with England, rs when Bernard supplied |
from England the missiles used by Orsini j
against the life of the Fiench Emperor—all of i
which ic illustrated by Lord Chief Justice !
Campbell, in his charge to the jury on the trial I
of Bernard, and also by contemporaneous !
opinions of Lord Lyndhurst, Lord Brougham, j
Lord Truro, and at an earlier day by Lord !
Ellenboro in a case of lfoel on the First Con- •
sul. That excellent authority, Sir George '
Cornwall Lewis, gives a summary drawn from j
all these opinions, when he says : " The obh- J
gation incumbent upon a Srate of prevent- I
iug her soil from being used as an arsenal in !|
which the means of attack against a foreign
Government may be collected and prepared for i
use is wholly independent of the form and ]
character of that Government." (On Extra- •
dition, page 75.) As every Governmentis con- :
strained by this rule, so every Government is 1
entitled to its safeguards. There can be no '
reason why the life of our Republic should be >
less sacred than the life of an Emperor, or j
should enjoy less protection from British law! i
That England became an "arsenal" for the
rebels we know, but this could not have been
unless the proclamation had prepared the way
1 he only justification that I have heard
for tins extraordinary concession, which un-
leashed upon our country the furies of foreign
war to commingle with the furies of rebellion
at home, is that President Lincoln undertook
to proclaim a blockade of the rebel port:,. By
the use of this word "blockade" the conces-
sion is vindicated. Had President Lincoln
proclaimed a closing of the rebel ports, there
could have been no such concession. 'This is
a mere technicality. Lawyers might call it an
apex juris-, and yet on this sharp point En-
gland hangs her defense. It is sufficient that
in a great case like the present, where the
correlative duties of a friendly Power are in
question, an act fraught with such portentous
evil cannot be vindicated on a technicality. In
this debate there is no room for technicality
on either side. We must look at the substance
and find a reason in nothing short of overruling
necessity. War cannot be justified merely on
a technicality : nor can the concession of ocean
belligerency to rebels without a port or prize
court. Such a concession, like war itself,
must be at the peril of the nation making it.
The British assumption, besides being offens-
ive from mere technicality, is inconsistent
with the proclamation of the President, taken
as a whole, which, while appointing a block-
ade, is careful to reserve the rights of sove-
reignty, thus putting foreign Powers on their
guard against any premature concession. After
declaring an existing insurrection in certain
States, and the obstruction of the laws for the
collection of tbe revenue, as the motive for
action, the President invokes not only the law
of nationsbutthe "laws of the United States,"
and, in further assertion of the national sov-
ereignty, declares rebel cruisers to be pirates.
Clearly the proclamation must be-taken as a
whole and its different provisions so inter-
preted is to harmonize with each other. Jf they
cannot stand together, then it is the "block-
I ads" which must be modified by the national
sovereignty and not the national sovereignty by
the biockr.de. Such should have been the
I interpretation of a friendly Power, especially
when it is considered that there are numerous
precedents of what the great German autho-ity,
Meff-er, calls " pacific blockade," or blockade
without concession of ocean belligerency, as,
in the c-;-e of France. England and Russia
against Turkey, 1827 ; France against Mexico.
1837-33 ; France and Great Britain against, tbe
Argentine Republic, 188S-48 ; Russia against,
the Circassians. 1831-36, illustrated by the
seizure of the Vixen so famous in diplomatic
history (Haulefeuille des Droits et des Devoirs
des Seutre«.) Cases like these led Hefi'tcr to
lay down the rule that "blockade ' does not
necessarily constitute a state of Tegular war
(Droit International, 'i 11:3. 123,) as was as-
sumed by the British proclamation—even in the
tace of positive words by President Lincoln
asserting the national sovereignty and appeal-
ing to the "laws of the United States." The
existence of such cases was like a notice to the
Biitish Government against the concession so
1-o.shly made. It was an all-sufficient warning,
which this Power disregarded.
So for as is now known, the whole case for
Engiand is made to stand on the use of the
word " blockade" by President Lincoln. Had
he used any oilier word the concession of bel-
ligerency would have been without justification,
even such as is now imagined. It was this
word which, with magical might, opened the
gates to all those bountiful supplies by which
hostile expeditions were equipped against the
United Slates. It opened the gates of war.
Mostappallmg is it to think thatone little word,
unconsciously used by a trusting President,
could be caught up by a friendly Power and
made to play such a part.
I may add that there is one other word often
