24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Our Claims on England—Mr. Sumner.
41st Cong....Special Sess.
in a hideous attempt, were taken by the hand,
and thus with the official protection and the
God-speed of Anti-Slavery England com-
menced their accursed work.
I close this part of theargumentby the testi-
mony of Mr. Bright, who, in a speech at Roch-
dale, among his neighbors, February 3, 1863,
thusexhibitsthecriminalcomplicityofEngland:
" I regret more than I have words to express this
painful fact, that of all the countries in Europe this
country js the only one which has men in it who
arc willing to take steps in favor of this intended
slave government. We supply the ships; we sup-
ply the arms, the munitions of war; we give aid and
comfort tu the fo-ttlest, of crimes. Englishmen only do
it. "—JB right's Speeches, vol. I, p. 2-39.
REPARATION FROM ENGLAND.
At last the rebellion succumbed. British
ships and British supplies had done their work,
but they failed. And now the day of reckon-
ing has come ; but with little apparent sense of
what is due on the part of England. Without
one soothing word for a friendly Power deeply
aggrieved, without a single regret for what Mr.
Cobden, in the House of Commons, called "the
cruel losses" inflicted upon us, or for what
Mr. Bright called "aid and comfort to the foul-
est of crimes, " or for what a generous voice
from Oxford University denounced as a " fla-
grant and maddening wrong," England sim-
ply proposes to submit the question of liability
for " individual losses " to an anomalous tri-
bunal, where chance plays its part. This is
all. Nothing is admitted even on this ques-
tion ; no rule for the future is established;
while nothing is said of the indignity to the
nation, nor of the damages to the nation. On
an earlier occasion it was otherwise.
There is an unhappy incident in our relations
with Great Britain which attests how in other
days "individual losses" were only a minor
element in reparation for a wrong received by
the nation. Yon all know from history how
in time of profound peace, and only a few
miles outside the Virginia capes, the British
frigate Leopard fired into the national frigate
Chesapeake, pouring broadside upon broadside,
killing three persons and wounding eighteen,
some severely, and then boarding her carried
off four others as British subjects. This was
in the summer of 1807. The brilliant Mr.
Canning, British Minister of Foreign Affairs,
promptly volunteered overtures for an accom-
modation, by declaringhis Majesty's readiness to
take the whole of the circumstances of the case
into consideration and "to make reparation for
any alleged, injury to the sovereignty of the
United States, whenever it should be clearly
shown that such injury has been actually sus-
tained and that such reparation is really due."
Here was a good beginning. There was to be
reparation for an injury to the national sover-
eignty. After years of painful negotiation, the
British Minister at Washington, under date of
November 1,1811, offered to the United States
three propositions : first, the disavowal of the
unauthorized act; secondly, the immediate
restoration, so far as circumstances would per-
mit, of the men forcibly taken from the Chesa-
peake ; and thirdly, a suitable pecuniary pro-
vision for the sufferers in consequence of the
attack on the Chesapeake ; concluding with
these words:
, "These honorable propositions are mads with the
sincere desire that they may prove satisfactory to the
Government of the United States, and I trust they
will meet with that amicable reception which their
conciliatory nature entitles them to. I need scarcely
add how cordially I join with you in the wish that
; r'VL~'' prove introductory to a removal of all
the differences depending between our two coun-
tries. —Mate J'aners. Foreign Affairs, Vol. Ill, p. 500.
I adduce this historic instance to illustrate
partly the different forms of reparation. Here,
of course, was reparation to individuals; but
there was also reparation to the nation, whose
sovereignty had been outraged.
There isanother instance, which is not with-
out authority. In 1837 an armed force from
Upper Canada crossed the river just above the
1 alls of Niagara and burnt an American vessel,
"the Caroline," while moored to the shores of
the United States. Mr. Webster, in his nego-
tiation with Lord Ashburton, characterized this
act as "of itself a wrong and offense to the sov-
ereignty and the dignity of the United States,
for which to this day no atonement, or even
apology, has been made by her Majesty's Gov-
ernment;" all these words being strictly appli-
cable to the present case. Lord Ashburton, in
reply, after recapitulating some mitigating cir-
cumstances and expressing a regret'' that some
explanation and apology for this occurrence was
not immediately made," proceeds to say:
".Her Majesty's Government earnestly desire that a
reciprocal respect for the independent jurisdiction
and authority of neighboring States may be consid-
ered among the first duties of all Governments; and
I have to repeat the assurance of regret they feel
that the event of which I am treating should have
disturbed the harmony they so anxiously wish to
maintain with the American people and Govern-
ment."— Webster's Works, vol. VI, p. 300.
Here again was reparation for a wrong done to
the nation.
Looking at what is due to us on the present
occasion, we are brought again to the conclu-
sion that the satisfaction of individuals whose
ships have been burned or sunk is only a small
part of what we may justly expect. As in the
earlier cases where the national sovereignty
was insulted, there should be an acknowledg-
ment of wrong, or at least of liability, leaving
to the commissioners the assessment of dam-
ages only. The blow inflicted by that fatal
proclamation, which insulted our national sov-
ereignty and struck at our unity as a nation,
followed by broadside upon broadside, driv-
ing our commerce from the ocean, waskindred
in character to those earlier blows, and when
we consider that it was in aid of slavery, it was
a blow at civilization itself. Besides degrading
us and ruining our commerce, its direct and
constant influence was to encourage the rebel-
lion, and to prolong the war waged by slave
masters at such cost of treasure and blood. It
was a terrible mistake, which I cannot doubt
that good Englishmen must regret. And now,
in the interest of peace, it is the duty of both
sides to find a remedy, complete, just, and con-
ciliatory, so that the deep sense of wrong and
the detriment to the Republic may be forgotten
in that proper satisfaction which a nation loving
justice cannot hesitate to offer.
THE EXTENT OF OUR LOSSES.
Individual losses may be estimated with
reasonable accuracy. Ships burned or sunk
with their cargoes may be counted and their
value determined; but this leaves without recog-
nition the vaster damage to commerce driven
from the ocean, and that other damage, im-
mense and infinite, caused by the prolongation
of the war, all of which, may be called national
in contradistinction to individual.
Our national losses have been frankly con-
ceded byeminent Englishmen. Ihave already
quoted Mr. Cobden, who did not hesitate to
call them "cruel losses." During the same
debate in which he let drop this testimony, he
used other words, which show how justly he
comprehended the case. " You have been,"
said he, " carrying on war from these shores
with the United States, and have been inflict-
ing an amount of damage on that country
greater than would be produced by many ordi-
nary wars. It is estimated that the loss sus-
tained by the capture and burning of American
vessels has been about $15,000,000, or nearly
£3,000,000 sterling. But this is a small part
of the injury which has been inflicted on the
American marine. We have rendered the rest
of her vast mercantile property useless.'' Thus,
by the testimony of Mr. Cobden, were those
individual losses, which are alone recognized
by the pending treaty, only " a small part of
the injury inflicted." After confessing his
fears with regard to "the heaping up of a
gigantic material grievance such as was then
rearing," he adds, in memorable words :
"You have already done your worst toward the
American mercantile marine. "What -with the high
ra.te of insurance, what with these captures, and what
with the amount of damage you have done to that
which is left, you have virtually made valueless that
vast property. Why, if you had gone and helped the
Confederates by boq^ardmg all the accessible sea-
port towns of America a few lives might have been
lost winch, as it is, have not been sacrificed, but you
could hardly have done more injury in the way of
destroying property than yo u have done by these few-
cruisers. [Hear, hear.]"
With that clearness of vision, which he pos-
sessed in such rare degree, this statesman saw
that England had "virtually made valueless a
vast property," as much as if this Power had
bombarded " all the accessible sea-port towns
of America."
So strong and complete is this statement that
any further citation seems superfluous ; but I
cannot forbear adducing a pointed remark in the
same debate, by that able gentleman, Mr. Wil-
liam E. Forster: "Therecould not," said he,
" be a stronger illustration of the damage which
had been done to the American trade by these
cruisers, than the fact that so completely was
the American flag driven from the ocean, that
the Georgia, on her second cruise, did not meet
a single American vessel in six weeks, though
she saw no less than seventy vessels in a very
few days." This is most suggestive. So en-
tirely was our commerce driven from the ocean
that for six weeks not an American vessel was
seen !
Another Englishman, in an elaborate pam-
phlet, bears similar testimony. I refer to the
pamphlet of Mr. Edge, published in London
by Ridgway in 1804, and entitled The Destruc-
tion of the American Carrying Trade. After
setting forth at length the destruction of our
commercc by British pirates, this writer thus
foreshadows the damages: "Were we," says
he, " the sufferers, we should certainly demand
compensation for the loss of the property cap-
tured or destroyed—for the interest of the capi-
tal invested in the vessels and their cargoes,
and, may be, a fair compensation in addition
for all and any injury accruing to our business
interests from the depredations upon our ship-
ping. The remuneration may reach a high
figure in the present case; but it would be a sim-
ple act of justice, and might prevent an incom-
parably greater loss in the future." Here we
have the damages as assessed by an English-
man, who, while contemplating remuneration
at a high figure, recognizes it as a simple act
of justice.
Such is the candid and explicit testimony of
Englishmen, pointing the way to the proper
rule of damages. How to authenticate the
extent of national loss with reasonable cer-
tainty is not without difficulty; but it cannot
he doubted that such a loss occurred. It is
folly to question it. The loss may be seen in
various circumstances, as in the rise of insur-
ance on all American vessels ; the fate of the
carrying trade, which was one of the great re-
sources of our country ; the diminution of our
tonnage with the corresponding increase of
British tonnage ; the falling off in our exports
and imports, with due allowauce for our abnor-
mal currency and the diversion of war. These
are some of the elements ; and here again we
have British testimony. Mr. W. E. Porster, in
the speech already quoted, announces that
"the carrying trade of the United States was
transferred to British merchants and Mr.
Cobden, with his characteristic mastery of
details, shows that, according to an official
document laid on the table of Parliament,
American shipping had been transferred to
English capitalists as follows: in 1858, 33
vessels, 13,638 tons ; 1850, <19 vessels, 21,073
tons; I860, 41 vessels, 13,038 tons ; 1861, 12G
vessels, 71,673 tons; 1862, 135 vessels, 64,573
tons ; and 1863, 348 vessels, 252,579 tons ; and
he adds, "I am told that this operation is now
going on as fast as ever;" and this circum
stance he declares to be "the gravest part of
the question of our relations with America."
But this " gravest part" is left untouched by
the pending treaty.
