1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
41st Cong....Special Sess.
Our Claims on England—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
Our own official documents are in harmony
with these English authorities. For instance,
I have before me now the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for 1868, with an appen-
dix by Mr. Nimmo on shipbuilding in our
country. From this report, it appears that
in the New England States, during the year
1855, the most prosperous year of American
shipbuilding, 305 ships and barks, and 173
schooners were built, with an aggregate ton-
nage of 326,429 tons, while during the last year
only 58 ships and barks and 213 schooners
were built, with an aggregate tonnage of 08,697
tons. I add a farther statementfrom the same
report:
"During the ten years from 1852 to 1862 the aggre-
gate tonnage of American vessels entered at sea-
ports of the United States from foreign countries was
SO,225,475 tons, and the aggregate tonnage of foreign
vesse's entered was 11,699,192 tons, while during the
fivo years, from 1863 to 1868, the aggregate tonnage
of American vessels entered was 9,299,877 tons, and
the aggregate tonnage of foreign vessels entered was
11,116,427 tons—showing that American tonnage in
our foreign trade had fallen from two hundred and
six to sixty-six per cent, of foreign tonnage in the
same trade. Stated in other terms, during the decade
from 1852 to 1862, sixty-seven per cent, of the total
tonnage entered from foreign countries was in Amer-
ican vessels, and during the live years from 1863 to
1868, only thirty-nine per cent, of the aggregate
tonnage entered from foreign countries was in
American vessels, a relative falling off of nearly one
half."—Finance lieportfor 1868, page 496.
It is not easy to say how much of this change,
which has become chronic, may be referred to
British pirates; but it cannot be doubted that
they contributed largely to produce it. They
began the influences under which this change
has continued.
There is another document which bears di-
rectly upon the present question. T refer to
the interesting report of Mr. Morse, our con-
sul at London, made during the last year and
published by the Secretary of State. After a
minute inquiry the report shows that, on the
breaking out of the rebellion in 1861, the entire
tonnage of the United States, coasting and reg-
istered, was 5,539,813 tons, of which 2,642,625
tons were registered and employed in fomgu
trade, and that, at the close of the rebellion in
1805, notwithstanding an increase in coasting
tonnage, our registered tonnage had fallen to
1,602,528 tons, being a loss during the four
years of more than a million tons, amounting
to about forty per cent, of our foreign com-
merce. During the same four years the total
tonnage oftheBritishempire rose from5,895,369
tons to 7,322,604 tons, the increase being es-
pecially in the foreign trade. The report pro-
ceeds to say that as to the cause of the decrease
in America and the corresponding increase in
the British empire "there can be no room for
question or doubt.*' Here is the precise testi-
mony from one who at his official post in Lon-
don watched this unprecedented drama, with
the outstretched ocean as a theater, and British
pirates as the performers.
" Conceding to the rebels the belligerent rights of
the "a \ when they had not a solitary war ship afloat,
ill dock, or in the process of construction, and when
thev had no power to protect or dispose of prizes,
made their sea-rovers, when they appeared, the in-
struments of terror and destruction to our commerce.
From the appearance of the first corsair in pursuit
of their ships, American merchants had to pay not
only the marine but the war risk also on their ships.
\fter the burning of one or two ships with their
neutral cargoes, the ship-owner had .to pay the war
"on the careo his ship had on freight as well as
on the ship. Even tlien, for safety,.the preference
was, as a matter of course, always given to neutial
ve«els and American ships could rarely find orn-
ament on these hard terms as long as there were
good neutral ships in the freight markets. Under
such circumstances there was no course left for our
merchant ship-owners but to take such profitle s
business as was occasionally offered them, let their
ships be idle at tlieir moorings or in dock with large
expense and deterioration constantly going on, to
sell them outright when they could do so without
ruinous sacrifice, or put them under foreign Aa=s
for protection."—Report of 1'. If. Morse, Oiuted States
Consul (it London* dated Janutwy 1, lobb.
Beyond the actual loss in the national ton-
nage, there was a further _ loss in the arrest ot
our natural increase in this branch of industry,
which an intelligent statistician puts at five per
cent, annually, making in 1866, a total loss on
this account of 1,384,958 tons, which must be
added to 1,229,035 tons actually lost. The
same statistician, after estimating the value of
a ton at forty dollars gold, and making allow-
ance for old and new ships, puts the sum total of
national loss on this account at $110,000,000.
To these authorities I add that of the Na-
tional Board of Trade, which, in a recent
report on American Shipping, after setting
forth the diminution of our sailing tonnage,
says that it is all to be traced to the war on
the ocean, and the result is summed up in the
words, that " while the tonnage of the nation
was rapidly disappearing by the ravages of the
rebel cruisers and by sales abroad, there was
no construction of new vessels going forward
to counteract the decline even in part." Such
is the various testimony, all tending to one
conclusion.
This is what I have to say for the. present on
national losses through the destruction of com-
merce. These are large enough; but there is
another chapter, where they are larger far. I
refer, of course, to the national losses caused
by the prolongation of the war and traceable
directly to England. No candid person, who
studies this eventual period, can doubt that the
rebellion was originally encouraged by hope of
support from England; that it was strength-
ened at once by the concession of belligerent
rights on the ocean ; that it was fed to the end
by British supplies ; that it was quickened into
renewed life with every report from the British
pirates, flaming anew with every burning ship;
nor can it be doubted that without British in-
tervention the Rebellion would have soon sue-,
cumbed under the well-directed efforts of the
National Government. Not weeks or months,
but years were added in this way to our war, so
full of the most costly sacrifice. The subsi-
dies which in other times England contributed
to continental wars were less effective than the
aid and comfort which she contributed to the
Rebellion. It cannot be said too often that the
navalbase of the Rebellion was not in America,
but in England. Mr. Gobden boldly said in the
House of Commons that England made war
from her shores on the United States "with an
amount of damage to that country greater than
in many ordinary wars." According to this
testimony, the conduct of England was war;
but it must not be forgotten that this war was
carried on at our sole cost. The United States
paid for a war waged by England upon the
National Unity.
The sacrifice of precious life is beyond human
compensation ; but there may be an approxi-
mate estimate of the national loss in money.
The Rebellion was suppressed at a cost of more
than four thousand million dollars, a consider-
able portion of which has been already paid,
leaving twenty-five hundred millions as a na-
tional debt to burden the people. If, through
British intervention, the war was doubled in
duration, or in any way extended, as cannot
be doubted, then is England justly responsible
for the additional expenditure to which our
country was doomed; and, whatever maybe
the final settlement of these great accounts,
such must be the judgment in any chancery
which consults the simple equity of the case.
This plain statement without one word of ex-
aggeration or aggravation is enough to exhibit
the magnitude ot the national losses, whether
from the destruction of our commerce or the
prolongation of the war. They stand before
us mountain-high, with a base broad as the
nation, and a mass stupendous as the Rebel-
lion itself. It will be for a wise statesmanship
to determine how this fearful accumulation,
like Pelion upon Ossa, shall be removed out
of sight, so that it shall no longer overshadow
the two countries.
THE FvULE OF DAMAGES.
Perhaps I ought to anticipate an objection
from the other side to the effect that these na-
tional losses, whether from the destruction of
our commerce or the prolongation of the war,
are indirect and remote, so as not to be a just
cause of claim. This is expressed at the com-
mon law by the rule that "damages must be
for the natural and proximate consequence of
an act." (2 Greenleaf, Ev., p. 210.) To this
excuse the answer is explicit. The damages
suffered by the United States are twofold,
individual and national, being in each case
direct and proximate, although in the one case
individuals suffered and in the other case the
nation. It is easy to see that there may be
occasions, where, overtopping all individual
damages, are damages suffered by the nation,
so that reparation to individuals would be in-
sufficient ; nor can the claim of the nation be
questioned simply becauseitis large, or because
the evidence with regard to it is different from
that in the case of an individual. In each case
the damage must be proved by the best possi-
ble evidence, and this is all that law or reason
can require. In the case of the nation the
evidence is historic; and this is enough. Im-
partial history will record the national losses
from British intervention, and it is only reason-
able that the evidence of these losses should
not be excluded from judgment. Because the
case is without precedent, because no nation
ever before received suoh injury from a friendly
Power, this can be no reason why the case
should not be considered on the evidence.
Even the rule of the common law furnishes
no impediment; for our damages are the natu-
ral consequence of what was done. But the
rule of the Roman law, which is the rule of
International Law, is broader than that of the
common law. The measure of damages, accord-
ing to the Digest, is, " whatever may have been
lost or might have been gained ; quantum
mihi abest, quantumque lucraripotui; and this
same rule seems to prevail in the French law,
borrowed from the Roman law. This rule
opens the door to ample reparation for all dam-
ages, whether individual or national.
There is another rule of the common law, in
harmonywith strict justice, which is applicable
to the case. I find it in the law relating to
nuisances, which provides that there may be
two distinct proceedings, first, in behalf of
individuals, and secondly, in behalf of the com-
munity. Obviously reparation to individuals
does not supersede reparation to the commu-
nity. The proceeding in the one case is by
action at law, and, in the other, by indictment.
The reason assigned by Blackstone for the lat-
ter is "because the damages being common to
all the king's subjects, no one can assign his
particular proportion of it."' (3 Black. Com.)
p. 219.) But this is the very case with regard
to damages sustained by the nation.
A familiar authority furnishes an additional
illustration, which is precisely in point:
"No person, natural or corporate, can have an
action for a public nuisance, or punish it; out only
the king in his public capacity of supreme governor
and pater famUias of the kingdom. Yet this rule
admits of one exception; where a private person
suffers some extraordinary damage beyond the rest
of the king's subjects."— Tomhns' Lam Diet., art.
Nuisance.
Applying this rule to the present case, the
way is clear. Every British pirate was a pub'
lie nuisance, involving the British Government,
which must respond in damages, not only to
the individuals who have suffered but also to the
national Government, acting as paterfamilias
for the common good of all the people.
Thus by an analogy of the common law, in
the case of a public nuisance, also by the strict
rule of the Roman law, which enters so largely
into International Law, and even by the rule
of the common law relating to . damages, all
losses, whether individual or national, are the
just subject of claim. It is not I who say this;
it is the law. The colossal sum-total may be
seen not only in the losses of individuals, but
in those national losses, caused by thedestrue-
i tion of our commerce and the prolongation of
