28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Recognition of Cuba—Mr. Bwann.
41st Cons. ... 1st Sess.
the hands of the Anglo-Saxon and Caucasian
races. They will continue to hold it and to
govern it, and it is not to be presumed that
they will ever divide their authority with the
African race.
In the first place we may assume as an axiom
that in all attempts to amalgamate races the
laws of nature must govern. I will not detain
the House by an examination into the physical
or mental characteristics of the negro race.
Men of science have spoken upon this subject
more intelligently than I could do in the space
allotted to me here. You have made laws to
elevate Mm; but why have you not done it ?
Is not the failure attributable to the prejudice
and settled conviction which so widely prevails
in regard to his distinctive characteristics and
inequality in his comparison with the white
man? You cannot force amalgamation, nor
should we be made a party to any such effort.
As you mix blood you destroy strength and
endurance, and increase the evil of which we
complain, by the introduction of a race of mon-
grels, of which history furnishes us with abund-
ant examples. I do not believe that the people
of this country are prepared for any such experi-
ments, even in a limited view of its destructive
consequences.
We are under no moral pressure to confer
the right of suffrage and equality upon the col-
ored race. It is a question of political expe-
diency merely, involving no principle of vio-
lated obligation on the part of this Government.
Our ancestors committed a great wrong in
tearing the African from his native shores ; but
this has been amply atoned for. It is the right
of this Government to say who shall assist in
its management and control. No race of men
have a right to come here and claim participa-
tion in its public or domestic concerns without
the free consent of the people, least of all a
race repugnant in its features and having no
attributes of common affinity.
This Government owes something to itself
and its own white citizens as well as to the
colored race. When the Federal Constitution
was adopted these persons of African origin
were slaves, so recognized by the Constitution.
They were devoted almost exclusively to the
pursuits of agriculture and the cultivation of
the soil. An element of five or six millions
of this population is a power in a State not to
be treated lightly in the influence which it is
destined to exercise under the forced legisla-
tion of Congiess. They are free now and un-
trammeled, and at liberty to go where they
please, and if they desire political rights they
can seek them in a government of their own.
I am opposed to universal suffrage for the
negro. I am opposed to the investments of
the colored race, as a class, with any right to
participate in the governmental affairs of this
country. I am impelled to this view by the
interest I feel in the welfare of the colored
man a3 well as the white man. Suppose you
go on to legislate, as you have done hereto-
fore, in the interest of this class, and throw
this vast population in direct collision with the
great mechanical and industrial classes of your
white citizens, what will be the result? They
are already dissatisfied with the limited pur-
suits of the rural districts, and are crowding
to more busy and attractive marts of trade in
the populous cities. We find this the case in
Maryland^ and it is no doubt the same else-
where. They will claim equality at the work-
bench, in the machine-shops, and in all the
institutions of labor. Besides the effect upon
the wages of the mechanic and workingman,
it opens the door to jealousies which nolaw can
control, and to combinations and outbreaks in
a struggle for the mastery. I can see no other
effect of this policy to force an unnatural union
between these two races. In all the collisions
which have occurred in the past, you invari-
ably find the whites on the one side and the
colored men on the other, without reference to
the origin and cause of disagreement.
The colored man must take his chance of the
future. He must be educated to understand
the delicate position in which he is placed. He
will never be permitted without a fatal struggle
to wield political power with any party, nor
should he desire it if he consults his true in-
terest. Hisnumericalpreponderancein certain
States will be overcome by the superior tact
and intelligence of the white race ; an invisible
web will be woven around him without his
knowledge, and by gradual advances he will
find himself bound hand and foot in all his
efforts to secure power.
I am the friend of the colored man. I was
among the first to advocate emancipation in
my own State. Although an involuntary slave-
holder at one period of my life, I never inter-
fered with his free will or his wish to dissolve
the relation in which I was placed toward him.
It was a relation of kindness and mercy on my
part. I believe him to be a distinct race ; and
believing this, I have striven to keep him out
of complications which I feared to be inevit-
able from the forced efforts by Congress to place
him in a position for which he is not now and
it may be never can be fitted, and which would
only result in widening the breach which al-
ready exists to a great extent between the
races ; and which, while it foments strife and
perpetual agitation, must end in ultimate dis-
appointment.
we must take care, then, Mr. Speaker, that
in recognizing the independence of Cuba or
in attempting to reconstruct San Domingo or
Hayti we do not lay ourselves open to the con-
tingent dangers of annexation at some future
day with the attendant evils to which I have
referred by any committal in advance. While
I am disposed to give a fair trial to all that has
been done, and to deal justly with the African
race, I am opposed to any further increase
from annexatiou or any other source, believ-
ing, as I do, that the line which separates the
two races can never be wiped out, and that it
will become more prominent and distinct here-
after than it is at this time. In this view I
claim only the independent expression of my
honest convictions.
In reference to San Domingo and Hayti, both
ready, it is believed, (for I do not speak from
officialauthority,) for annexation to the United
States, I would avail myself of this occasion
to say that while I am opposed to any action
which would incorporate these republics as
States or Territories of this Union, I am not
prepared to say that the great value of this
island, in a geographical and commercial point
of view, might not justify interposition in some
unobjectionable form to guaranty just laws,
stable governments, and immunity against the
jealousy and intrigues of foreign Powers.
A portion of this territory is of the highest
value to the United States in a military point
of view. The harbor of Samana, on the coast
of San Domingo, is believed to be indispens-
able to the power and efficiency of the Navy,
and the ultimate establishment and guaranty
of our national supremacy in those seas.
But the most important feature which this
subject presents to my miud is the inducements
which these republics, as independent sov-
ereignties, under the guidance and direction
of the United States, would hold out to our
colored population in the event of collision
with the stronger race hereafter, to seek there
a government of homogeneous races, where
they would be removed from those conflicts
and irritations which must always embarrass
the effort now going forward to place them on
terms of social and political equality with the
white race of our own country.
I do not believe that the people of the Uni-
ted States are prepared to add to the aggregate
of their colored population by the annexation
of San Domingo or Hayti or any other Power;
and I should deplore interference upon any
such basis or with any such intention. At the
same time, if it can be made apparent that by
giving the countenance of this Government to
the establishment of the existing republics
upon a stable foundation we could measurably
relieve ourselves of an evil which must become
everyday more and more threatening. I should
be prepared to lend my aid in that direction ;
but I would not advise the annexation of San
Domingo or Hayti to the United States with
the results which must follow such action.
I am quite aware, Mr. Speaker, that an ap-
prehension exists on the part of some that at a
future day a combination of the foreign Powers
may find it their interest to enter into an offensive
league to cripple this country by seizing the
prominent harbors in adjacent territory, and
this is adduced as an argument in favor of
annexation. We know that such a combina-
tion was formed during the late rebellion. But
what did it result in? The history of Mexico
will tell the sad story better than I can. Eng-
land and France and Spain were all combined
to destroy this Union. If they failed then,
when our people were divided, will they at-
tempt it again when are united, men of all
sections standing together under the old flag
of the Republic? What would it profit if the
combined Powers of the world were to join in
such a combination ? Their efforts would be
no more than the pattering of rain upon some
impregnable rock. With a power such as no
people have ever wielded in the past, and the
flag of freedom floating over us, we have noth-
ing to fear in the future.
It may be safely asserted that no Govern-
ment has ever maintained its international
relations with more scrupulous good faith than
we have done. We hear a great deal about
peace and fraternal relations in our intercourse
with foreign Powers, but there can be no peace,
no fraternization, while the arm of oppression
is extended over any portion of the civilized
world. The gates of mercy must be kept wide
open.
The American people know their power and
their greatness. The Federal arm is already out-
stretched over a territory greater in resource,
greater in the substantial elements of produc-
tion, greater in geographical control over the
commerce of the worid, greater in the triumph
of her free institutions, than all the Powers of
the earth combined. Such a government,
whether considered in reference to its area or
its capacity for growth and successful develop-
ment, has had no parallel even in the days of
Roman grandeur. Immigration, stimulated by
the certainty of reward, is yielding its tribute
from the effete monarchies of the Old World,
andpenetrating, with steady tramp, its remotest
recesses, The song of liberty is already heard
from the rocky summits of the Sierra Nevada,
and will soon be reechoed from the more dis-
tant shores of the Pacific. New States are
bursting into existence, diverse in climate, in
production, in the influences of trade and com-
mercial rivalry.
The call to arms brought more than two
million men into the field during that great
civil conflict from which we have so recently
emerged. We were then divided and alienated
by a destructive and wasting war. We now
stand shoulder to shoulder under the common
flag of our glorious nationality. The people
expect their Representatives upon this floor to
proclaim their sympathy in every proper and
constitutional mode in the cause of suffering
humanity, no matter from what quarter the
appeal may come. I repeat again, the Ameri-
can people, through their Representatives here,
should speak boldly aud without disguise.
Progressive ideas arc rapidly taking the place
of old and worn out theories of popular rights.
A steady but certain advance is going forward
in the universal effort to establish the just re-
lations between the rulers and the ruled. The
world was never more feverish and unsettled
than at the present moment. The balance of
power in Europe has been shaken, and the
startling growth of democratic principles and
