1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
41st Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Recognition of Cuba—Mr. Sargent.
Ho. of Reps.
free institutions everywhere is already leading
to new and formidable combinations whose in-
fluence will be felt in the future. The causes
of national distrust and irritation must increase
rather than diminish, as the people become
aroused to a knowledge of their own power
and just claim to dispose of these grave sub-
jects in strengthening the cause of republican
government throughout the world.
A few months, Mr. Speaker, may change the
whole face of our relations with foreign Powers.
We must be prepared for any contingency that
may arise. We know that Ireland is still agi-
tated, and protesting against the outrages which
have been perpetrated by England upon that
brave and gallant people. The Alabama claims
are unsettled, notwithstandingall the assurances
of friendly feeling so liberally pledged by our
minister at that Court. Spain is in a state of
anarchy and revolution. Cuba, distrusting the
sincerity of the mother country in her promise
to liberalize her institutions, is struggling to
throw off her yoke, more oppressive now than
at any former period ; and Ban Domingo and
Hayti are ready for annexation to this Union,
or some form of a protectorate that will give
them security in the future against domestic or
foreign disturbance. To what complications
these grave events, should they occur,_ may
severally give rise, it is not for me to anticipate.
Of one thing I am satisfied, Mr. Speaker,
whatever maybe said of our fairness and plain
dealing, in our intercourse with foreign nations
the American people will not countenance vio-
lence or injustice. They will be true to the
great principles of free government as par-
amount to every other claim upon their sym-
pathies. They never will be thwarted in what
they believe to be their manifest destiny, and
that destiny points to the control, sooner or
later, of this whole continent in the interest
of freedom.
It was well said of the American people by
the greatest patriot of his age that " our an-
cient recollections, our sympathetic feelings,
and our best wishes were irresistibly excited
whensoever in any country we beheld ail op-
pressed people unfurl thebannerof freedom."
Such must ever be the impulse of a kind and
generous people, mindful of their antecedents
and the terrible struggle through which they
passed in achieving their own independence
and liberation from monarchical rule.
I sincerely trust, Mr. Speaker, that this res-
olution may go forth with the cordial indorse-
ment of this House.
Recognition of Cuba.
REMARKS OF HON. A. A. SAIIGENT,
op california,
ix the House of Representatives,
April 9, 1869,
On the resolution of Mr. Banks in regard to Cuba.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I find it very
difficult to vote against the resolution ottered
by the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] and yet I feel impelled
thereto by a sense of public duty. It is diffi-
cult for any American citizen who appreciates
the blessings conferred by free institutions to
refrain from expressing a sympathy with any
people anywhere struggling for their natural
rights. I believe in the right of any people to
rebel against their oppressors and strike to the
earth the arm that would enslave them, it
blood flows in such a struggle, if homes are
made desolate, if cities are destroyed and fer-
tile fields plowed with the rude plowshare of
wUr, the responsibility rests not with the vie-
tims of tyranny, but with those who would
crush out the best instincts or mankind,
rejoice in every well-fought held for liberty, for
every victory gained to the right. I would see
the struggles of oppressed peoples go on until
the last tradition of slavery, the last fetter of
tyranny, hag disappeared: and I am duly sensi-
ble of the interesting and eventful struggle
going on near our sea-coast.
The people of Cuba are striving for an inde-
pendence which I trust they wiil achieve and
maintain on the principles enunciated in the
resolution before the House. They en'noble
their cause by striking the fetters from the limbs
of the slave, a measure demanded by policy as
a war measure and in accordance with the
spirit of the age. It would seem that only ter-
rible civil wars can break up the accursed sys-
tem of African slavery where it has taken root.
We ourselves were nearly overwhelmed in the
throes of the great convulsion that attended
the emancipation of the blacks within our bor-
ders. Russia could peacefully emancipate its
serfs, for they were of kindred race; but it
seems as if the curse of the Almighty attended
the slavery of this alien race, which we pitied
so little because its skin had less fairness than
ours, and rent away the institution from our
midst at any sacrifice of blood and tears.
So Cuba now undergoes the throes of a great
revolution, the result of which I devoutly hope
will be the emancipation of its people from
the tyranny of Spain and the equal emancipa-
tion of its slaves from the tyranny of the Cuban
people. My sympathies are strongly drawn in
this direction from the further consideration
that Cuba seeks to release itself from the
galling chain of foreign domination. It has
outgrown its pupilage. It is strong, young,
and vigorous, with great capacity of resources
and development. It may easily become, under
proper governmental institutions, the seat of
a splendid empire, opulent in commerce,
wealth, and character. Spain is old, obstruc-
tive, effete. It has dragged through declining
centuries that have left their impress on the
Spanish people, robbing them of energy and
true manhood. I have not the slightest sym-
pathy with the desperate efforts now being
made by Spain to keep its grasp on Cuba. It
is true the Spanish people are trying in an
uncertain way to force a recognition for them-
selves of some of the rights that other nations
of Europe and America have enjoyed for cen-
turies, and in that effort I give them all my
heart. But when they or their representatives
would deny to Cuba the boon they crave for
themselves I believe the sense of justice of
mankind will revolt at the anomaly.
Yet, sir, our sympathies are not always the
measure of our duties. There are many acts
-of foreign Powers which we may disapprove
and yet not be justified in officially condemn-
ing. We are not the world's censors. In many
things we can speak properly only by example.
If it is urged in support of this resolution that
Cuba is near to us, may it not also be urged
that Spain is now weak and distracted, and it
is not a manly part to intervene against her
because impunity arises from her weakness?
Between nations there should be but one rule
of action, no matter how weakness may entice
to injustice or haste. Do we not by the pas-
sage of this resolution commit this House to the
same species of offensive interference that we
complained of in England during our late dis-
asters? Do we not weaken our cause against.
Great Britain in the matter of the Alabama
claims? Are we not assuming to pronounce
officially upon all the facts of the struggle
between Cuba and Spain while pretending to
friendly relations to the latter? If what is pro-
posed by gentlemen for this House to do is also
done by the Senate and Executive do we not
commit ourselves to a war with Spain ; or
rather would we not do so if Spain were-as
powerful as France? Could, we cornpl&in if
our minister at Madrid received his dismissal?
Shall we do an act to Spain that we would not
to Prance ? Let us not be the bullies of the
world, cringing before the powerful, insulting
the feeble.
But at this moment there is no evidence or
even rumors on which to base a confident belief
in Cuban success. Time and climate will fight
for the Cubans; but so far there is> little of
organized force on their side. Their efforts
are the irregular attempts of guerrilla bands.
They open before the Spanish regulars, and
deal only in skirmishes. I believe this system
of warfare is well calculated to harass and per-
haps ultimately overcome the Spaniards; but
the results are not yet decisive enough to base
national action upon, and that seems to be
conceded by the resolution before us.
I have another objection to the passage of
this resolution at this time. Rumors, or more
substantial evidences, reach us that filibuster-
ing expeditions are preparing to leave our
shores to take part in this struggle. The Ad-"
ministration will not do its duty if it does not
vigorously seek to prevent the sailing of armed
expeditions from our ports to war against a
nation with which we are not only at peace but
with which we have no cause of quarrel. I
believe the President will do his utmost to pre-
vent this infraction of our neutrality and the
laws of nations. For God's sake let us not
become a nation of pirates, sailing like the old
Northmen on buccaneering excursions toinvade
our neighbors. We have no sufficient excuse
for such private warfare on the ground of for-
eign dissensions or revolutions.
If American armed power is to be exerted
in behalf of Cuba, let it be by a manly declar-
ation of war against Spain, and the use of the
land and naval forces to secure victory. Such
private expeditions, stealing from our shores
in the darkness, if winked at by the Govern-
ment, brand us as a nation of lawless advent-
urers. For the decency of the American name
let such things cease. We are strong enough;
let us be noble enough to go directly to our
purposes, justifying ourselves as best we may
before the judgment of mankind. _ As I have
Said, the Government cannot and will not allow
its honor to be tarnished by illegal forays from
our coasts. It will exert its vigilance and
power to repress them. But are we not taking
the responsibility of making its task more diffi-
cult by the passage of resolutions like this?
We are encouraging these irregular expedi-
tions, and condemning in advance the efforts
of the Executive to arrest them. If our voice
as a House is of any weight in the matter, and
I confess I doubt the propriety of sole action
of the House in any such case, that weight will
be felt by the adventurous spirits that scarcely
need a word of encouragement to launch out
in enterprises forbidden by the law of nations
and our regard for our own good name.
I need not add to this consideration that the
failure of the Government to repress such ex-
peditions would be of the same character as
the failure of England to repress the enter-
prise of Laird and his associates, and that for
any mischiefs they might produce we could not,
in view of our demands upon England, refuse
to make reparation to Spain. But the House
of Commons in our gloomiest hour never re-
solved against us, or gave even indirect impulse
to the contraband undertakings of British sub-
jects against us.
For these reasons, convincing to my own
mind, I oppose the passage of this resolution,
and shall take the responsibility of recording
my vote against it. Gentlemen may eloquently
declaim in favor of universal liberty. I con-
cur with all my heart, but what then? Were
this a matter of sentiment only; had it no
official character ; were we not assuming grave
responsibilities which gentlemen do _ not care
to look in the face or follow to legitimate re-
sults ; were this a mere mass meeting, and not
a branch of the Government bound by sacred
obligations of national character and faith not
to hastily decide ; were it a mere question of
individual opinion, I would go with the large
majority that is impatient to put this resolution
on record.
And yet, sir, what is this resolution more
than the individual opinions of the gentlemen
