36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong. ... 1st Sess.
[March 29,
Laics of the United States.
Chap. V.—An Act to incorporate the National
Junction Railway Company.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That James A. Magruder,
John L. Kid well, C. H.Cragin, JohnW. Thomp-
son, Ballet Iulbourn, Alexander R. Shepard,
and William II. Tenney, of the District of
Columbia, together with such other persons as
may become associated with them for that pur-
pose, together with their successors, are hereby
created and erected into a body corporate and
politic, in deed and in law, by the name and
title of the National Junction Railway Com-
pany, and by that name have perpetual succes-
sion, and shall be able to sue and to be sued,
to plead and be impleaded, to defend and be
defended in the courts of law and equity within
the District of Columbia, and may use a com-
mon seal, and may adopt by-laws for the reg-
ulation of its government.
Sec. 2. And, be it further enacted, That the
said corporation is hereby fully authorized and
empowered to survey, locate, layout, construct,
collect tolls upon, maintain, and enjoy a rail-
way line, with appurtenances and machinery
necessary for one or more tracks, within the
District of Columbia, commencingatthe north-
ern terminus of the aqueduct bridge, iu the city
of Georgetown, or at some eligible point on
the south shore of the Potomac river above
and near said bridge ; thence in a northeasterly
direction by the most feasible route crossing
Rock creek, entering the city of Washington,
and passing through either S, T, or U street
west, [north,] around the city of Washington,
crossing the branches of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad upon the legally established
grades of the city in such a manner as not to
be dangerous to passengers and trains on either
road; thence to a point most feasible on the
Potomac river or Eastern Branch of the same
at or near the navy-yard at a point to be indi-
cated by the Secretary of the Navy, with the
rights, powers, and privileges to construct the
said road, thegrades of the road to be approved
by the authorities of the cities of ashington
and Georgetown; also, the privilege of locating
and constructing a grand Union depot on the
line of said road at some point between Third
street^ west and Fourteenth street west, in
Washington city; also, a similar depot at some
convenient point in Georgetown, near the said
aqueduct.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said National Junction railway
shall consist of five thousand shares of one hun-
dred dollars each, which shall in all respects
be deemed personal property, and shall be
translerable in such manner as the by-laws of
said company shall provide.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the said National Junction
Railway Company if deemed necessary to bor-
row from time to time sums of money not ex-
ceeding five hundred thousand dollars, and to
issue bonds therefor bearing interest not ex-
ceeding seven per centum, payable semi-annu-
ally, and to moitgage as security therefor all
the corporate rights, franchises, property, real
and personal, of whatever kind soever belong-
ing to said company.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
persons herein named as corporators or a ma-
jority of them shall, within ninety days after
the passage and approval of this act, meet in
the city ot Washington for the purpose of pre-
scribing regulations for opening books of sub-
scription to said capital stock at such times
and places as they may designate by-public
notice of at least ten Jays in two daily papers
in the city of W.v lnngton, and said books shall
be kept open until two hundred thousand dol-
lars of said stock shall be subscribed, and
twenty per centum on all subscriptions shall be
paid in lawful money at the time of subscribing
to the person or persons authorized by the cor-
porators to receive the same ; and whenever
that amount shall have been subscribed and
twenty per centum of the same paid in as above
described, it shall be the duty of the above-
named corporators (a majority of them shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness) to call a meeting of the stockholders at
the city of W'ashington for the purpose of elect-
ing directors of the said corporation, and each
share of said stock on which the said twenty
per centum has been paid as hereinbefore pro-
vided shall entitle the owner to one vote. The
corporators herein named shall designate a
majority of their number to act as inspectors
of elections, which majority of inspectors so
designated shall certify under their names the
directors thus duly elected and shall notify
them of their election and the time and place of
the first meeting of the said board of directors.
At such meeting the above corporators shall
deliver to the said directors the books of sub-
scription to the stock of said National Junction
Railway Company, together with the amount
paid thereon, with a full report of their pro-
ceedings under this act, and thereupon the
duties of the corporators hereinbefore named
shall cease and determine forever, and there-
after the said directors, with their successors
or assigns, shall constitute the said body pol-
itic and corporate. The directors thus chosen
shall hold their office for one year and until
others are elected and qualified to fill their
places. A majority of said directors shall con-
stitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the
said directors shall at their first meeting elect
from their own number a president and vice
president. Ihcy may also from time to time
elect a treasurer, a secretary, chief engineer,
and a general superintendent, together with
such other officers, agent.?, and employes as
they may deem necessary, cachof whom shall
hold office or position during the pleasure of
said board of directors. The directors shall
have power to fill all vacancies in the board
which may be caused by death or resignation
except as hereinbefore provided for. The
treasurer and secretary shall give bonds with
security as the board shall from time to time
require. Meetings of the stockholders of the
said corporation for the election of directors
and for the transaction of business shall be
holden annually and at such other times and
upon such notice as may be prescribed by the
by-laws. The directors of the said corporation
may require the subscribers to the capital stock
to pay the amount by them subscribed respect-
ively at such times, in such manner, and in
such installments as they may deem proper:
and if any stockholder shall refuse or neglect
to pay any installment as required by a resolu-
tion of the board of directors the said board
may forfeit said stock for non-payment, and
all previous payments shall revert in law and
in equity to the said corporation under such
regulations, or may sue for and collect the un-
paid installments in any court of competent
jurisdiction.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation 13 hereby empowered to pur-
chase, lease, receive, and hold such real estate
or other property as may be necessary for ac-
complishing the objects of this act, and may by
their agents, engineers, contractors, or work-
men immediately enter upon, take possession
of, and use all such real estate and property as
may be necessary for the construction, main-
tenance, and operation of said railroad and
the accommodations appertaining thereto. But
all real estate or property thus entered upon
and appropriated by said railroad, and the
accommodations appertaining thereto, which
are not donations, shall be purchased by said
corporation of the owner or owners of the
same at a price to be mutually agreed upon
between them ; and in case of a disagreement
as to price the said corporation, or the owner
or owners of such real estate or property, shall
apply by petition to a justice of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, particularly
describing the property ; and the said justice,
upon receiving such application, shall cause
such notice to be given to the other party as
he shall deem proper and sufficient, appoint-
ing therein a time and place for hearing the
parties ; at which time and place, upon proof
that the notice directed has been given, the
said justice shall direct the manner of ascer-
taining the true value of said real estate or
other property, together with the damages
which the owner or owners thereof have sus-
tained, or may sustain by reason of the appro-
priation, occupation, and use thereof by the
said corporation ; and the said justice shall
appoint not less than three nor more than seven
competent and disinterested commissioners,
who shall be freeholders in the District of Co-
lumbia, and at least one of them shall be a
resident of the municipal corporation in which
said real estate or other property may be situ-
ated, and who shall, under the direction of
said justice, view said premises or property,
take such testimony as they may deem proper,
make appraisement, and determine said dam-
ages, and report the same under oath and in
writing to said justice. The report shall con-
tain a minute and accurate description of the
real estate and other property appraised, to-
gether with all the evidence taken by the com-
missioners in the case. It shall be the duty of
said justice to examine the report of said com-
missioners, and upon application of either
party he shall give the parties a hearing m re-
lation thereto ; and he shall have power to in-
crease or diminish said appraisal or damages
if he shall beco<ne satisfied upon such hearing
that injustice has been done. Upon proof to
the said justice, to be made within sixty days
after his determination of payment to the owner
or owners, or depositing to the credit of the
owner or owners, or their legal representa-
tives, in such banking institution as sa;d jus-
tice shall direct, the amount of said award,
and the payment of all expenses attending the
same, including an allowance of three dollars
per diem to each of the aforesaid commission-
erg, the said justice shall order or decrce, par-
ticularly describing said real estate or other
property, and reciting the appraisement of
damages and the mode of making it, together
with such facts as he may deem pertinent;
and when the said order or decree shall be re-
corded in the recorder's office of the county or
city in which such realesta'e or other property
is situated the said corporation, or its suc-
cessors or assigns, shall be legally or equitably
seized and possessed of such real estate or
other property for the use and for the pur-
poses hereinbefore described. In case any
married woman, infant, idiot, insane person,
or non-resident of the district in which said
real estate or other property may be situated,
shall be interested in such real estate or other
property the^ said justice shall appoint some
competent disinterested person to appear be-
fore said commissioner and act for and in
behalf of such married woman, infant, idiot,
insane person, or non-resident.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall willfully do or cause to be
nonean[y] actor acts whatever, whereby any
building, structure, or other work, or any en-
gine, car. or machine, or other property ap-
pertaining to said railroad shall be injured,
impaired, or destroved, or stopped, the per-
son or persons so offending shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof by
any court of competent jurisdiction shall be
punished by a fine, at the discretion of the
court, of not more than five thousand dollars,
or by imprisonment of not more than two years,
or both, at the discretion of the court, anil also
forfeit and pay to the said company, its suc-
cessors and assigns, the amount of damages
