38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XV.—An Act making Appropriations to
supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations for
the service of Government for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, and additional Appropriations
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, and for other purposes.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the service of the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, namely:
treasury department.
For the pay of superintendent, watchmen,
laborers, and all other employes in the Treas-
ury building, and the five other buildings occu-
pied for the use of the Treasury Department
under the charge of said superintendent, thirty-
three thousand seven hundred and ninety-five
dollars.
For lighting the above six buildings, three
thousand two hundred and five dollars.
For incidental expenses of the said buildings,
three thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture, ten
thousand dollars.
For salary of temporary clerks in the Treas-
ury Department, at such rates as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem just and reasonable,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
For salaries and expenses of collectors, as-
sessors, assistant assessors, supervisors, and
detectives, together with the expenses of car-
rying into effect the various provisions of the
several acts providinginternal revenue, except-
ing items otherwise provided for, two millions
of dollars.
For detecting and bringing to trial and pun-
ishment persons guilty of violating the internal
revenue laws or conniving at the same, in cases
where such expenses are not otherwise pro-
vided for by law, fifty thousp.nd dollars.
post office department.
To supply the deficiency (caused by the de-
falcation of E. B. Olmstead, disbursing clerk)
in the appropriations for blank books and sta
tionery, fuel and lights for the general Post
Office building, including the Sixth Auditor's
office, repairs of the building, furniture, paper-
ing, painting, fitting up permanent cases for
filing papers; for pay of engineer, foreman,
and laborers; for library purposes, telegrams,
and for miscellaneous items, forty-sevett thou-
sand dollars.
For temporary clerks for quarter ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, thirteen thousand and eighty dollars.
For temporary clerks'' salaries for the month
of .March, seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars. And the Secretary of the Treasury is
directed to turn over to the Post Office De-
partment, which shall receive and use the same,
the envelopes printed in the Treasury Depart-
ment for the dead-letter office.
house of representatives.
For compensation of the document file clerk
authorized by resolution of February twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, the
sum of six hundred dollars.
That the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, giving Daniel Buck compensa-
tion for preparing list of appropriations, and
so forth, is hereby extended to his successor in
office ; and that there be, and is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, such a sum as may be
necessary to carry out the provisions of the said
resolution.
For additional compensation to the reading
clerks, as provided by act of March thrpe,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, the sum of
one thousand nine hundred and sixty-nine dol-
lars and ninety-two cents; and also a sum suf-
ficient to fix the pay of the clerk in charge of
the engrossment and enrollment of the House
bills and joint resolutions at the same rate as
that of the reading clerks, covering the same
period of their increased pay.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the Sen-
ate for the first session of the Forty-First Con-
gress, four hundred dollars each, two thousand
dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the
House for the first session of the Forty-First
Congress, four hundred dollars each, two thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For pages and temporary mail-boys, six
thousand four hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency for the compensation of
the assistant librarian of the House from March
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, to July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, two hun-
dred and twenty-three dollarsandtwentvcents.
For cartage, five thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the purpose of defraying the expenses of
| the joint Committee on Retrenchment, the sum
! of five thousand dollars: Provided, That said
appropriation shall be drawn from the Treasury
on the order of the Secretary of the Senate,
and disbursed under, and subject in all respects
! to, the provisions of the joint resolution of
: January twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
i sixty-seven.
I For packing-boxes for the Senate, five hun-
| dred and forty four dollars.
| war department.
I For the purpose of paying the premiums
i awarded to certain architects of the country
! for plans submitted by them for a new War
I Department building, six thousand dollars,
j navy department.
| For the salary of the Solicitor and Naval
] Judge Advocate General from July first, eight-
! een hundred and sixt.y-nine, to June thirtieth,
I eighteen hundred and seventy, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
miscellaneous.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay G. G. Cushman, in accordance with the
act of December fifteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, the balance found due him by the
Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, nine hundred
| and forty-eight dollars.
I To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
1 purchase of Little, Brown and Company two
thousand copies of the fifteenth volume of the
United States Statutes-at-Large for distribu-
tion, agreeably to the acts of Congress direct-
ing the distribution of the other volumes, seven
thousand dollars.
For rent of building occupied for Govern-
ment uses by clerks of the Pension Office, nine
hundred and sixty-nine dollars and fifty cents.
For compensation of clerks in the office of
the surveyor general of Minnesota, three thou-
J sand eight hundred dollars.
! Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
! following sums, or so much thereof as maybe
j necessary, are hereby appropriated for the ser-
1 vice of the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
; eighteen hundred and seventy, as follows, viz:
! treasury department.
i For salary of temporary clerks in the Treas-
ury Department, at the same rates prescribed
! by law for other clerks in said Department for
like duties, one hundred and twenty thousand
i dollars.
j Office of the First Comptroller:
• For additional salary hereby allowed to the
i First Comptroller of the Treasury, fifteen hun-
dred dollars, and the said salary is hereby
established at five thousand dollars per annum
from the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, and a sum sufficient to pay the
same is hereby appropriated up to July first,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
For six clerks of class four, eight clerks of
class three, seven clerks of class two, four
clerks of class one, six copyists, one assistant
messenger, and one laborer, forty-five thou-
sand and forty dollars.
Office of the Second Comptroller :
For four clerks of class four, four clerks of
class three, eight clerks of class two, and nine
clerks of class one, thirty-five thousand six
hundred dollars.
Office of the First Auditor:
For one clerk of class four, and three clerks
of class two, six thousand dollars.
Office of the Second Auditor:
For one hundred clerks of class one, one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That all clerks employed in the office of
the Paymaster General, in performing any of
the duties transferred by the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, from his office
to that of the Second Auditor of the Treasury,
shall not be continued after May first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine.
For the payment of the necessary expenses
incurred in defending suits against the Secre-
tary of the Treasury or his agents for the seiz-
ure of captured and abandoned property in the
late insurrectionary districts, and for the de-
fense of the United States against suits for and
in respect to such property in the Court of
Claims, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Construction branch of the Treasury
Department:
For construction of custom-house at Port-
land, Maine, seventy thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house at Ogdens-
burgh, Xew York, thirty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For removing the hydraulic weights and con-
struction of northwest stairway in the Treasury
building, thirty thousand dollars: Provided,
That any portion of the sums appropriated in
the three preceding items which may be neces-
sary, and also any portion of the amount ap-
propriated for the court-house at Springfield,
Illinois, by "an act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, and for o'.her purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty nine, may be expended during the cur-
rent fiscal year.
For heating apparatus and repairs of same
for public buildings, twenty thousand dollars.
interior department.
For compensation of temporary clerks in the
office of the Indian Bureau, twenty-nine thou-
sand four hundred dollars, being for one clerk
of class three, seven of class two, twelve of
class one, and four copyists at nine hundred
dollars per annum.
For compensation of two additional examin-
ers in the Patent Office, at two thousand five
hundred dollars each, five thousand dollars.
For twenty-one clerks, class two, in the
Patent Office, at fourteen huudred dollars each,
twenty-nine thousand four huudred dollars.
For fourteen clerks, class one, in the Patent
Office, at twelve hundred dollars cacb, sixteen
thousand eight hundred dollars.
p.ost office department.
For temporary clerks in the Post Office
Department, thirty-two thousand dollars.
house of representatives.
For compensation of the document file clerk
authorized by resolution of February twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For increased compensation to the two read-
ing clerks authorized by act of March third,
