40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For purchase of clothing, under the same
article and treaty, twenty- six thousand dollars.
For the construction of five buildings for
carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and en-
gineer, under the fourth article of the above-
named treaty, seven thousand five hundred and
eighty-two dollars and fifty cents.
For the erection of a steam circular saw-
mill, with a grist-mill and shingle-machine
attached, under the same article of the same
treaty, eight thousand dollars.
For pay of farmer, carpenter, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, under the fourteenth
article of said treaty, three thousand nine
hundred and fifty dollars.
For salary of a physieian, under same article
of said treaty, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For salary of a teacher, under same article,
one thousand dollars.
For the construction of a school-house or
mission building, under fourth article of same
treaty, three thousand seven hundred and
ninety-one dollars and fifty cents.
For building a dwelling-house on the reser-
vation for Tosh-ewa or Silver Brooch, the
Comanche chief, under the fifteenth article
of same treaty, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the first of three installments, to be ex-
pended in presents to the ten persons of said
tribes who in the judgment of the agent may
grow the most valuable crops for the period
named, under the same article, five hundred
dollars.
For transportation of goods to the Apaches,
Kiowas, and Comanches, under same article,
five thousand dollars.
For this amount to pay J. C. d. Blackburn
for subsistence furnished to the friendly Kiowa,
Comanche, and Apache Indians, and to the
Wichita and other affiliated band of Indians
within the Wichita agency, at Fort Cobb, in
the Indian territory, one hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars: Provided, That the said
sum, if accepted, shall be in full for the claim
of said Blackburn, as above stated.
Northern Cheyennes and Northern Arapahoes.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations -with the
Northern Cheyenne and Northern Arapahoe
Indians under treaty of May tench, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteeen hundred and
seventy; for construction of school-house, per
fourth article treaty Stay tenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, five thousand dollars.
For first of thirty installments for purchase
of clothing, per sixth article treaty May tenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy, ten thousand dollars.
For first of ten installments, to be expended
by the Secretary of the Interior (ten dollars
for each Indian roaming: nine hundred and
sixty souis) in the purchase of such articles as
from time to time the condition and necessities
of the Indians may indicate to be proper, per
sixth article treaty May tenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy, nine
thousand six hundred dollars.
For first of four installments to furnish said
Indians with flour and meat, per sixth article
treaty May tenth, eighteen hundred and sixtv-
eight, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, sixty-six thou-
sand five hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For the purchase of cows and oxen, per sixth
article tieaty May tenth, eighteen hundred and
Mxty-eiglit, ten thousand dollars.
For nalaiy of physieian, twelve hundred
dollars, teachei, one thousand dollars: car-
penter, to veil hundred and twenty dollars;
miller, seven bundled and twenty dollars; en-
gineer, eight handled dollars; farmer, seven
Hundred and twenty dollars: and blacksmith,
seven hundiodaml twenty dollars, per seventh
article tri'atv Ma\ tenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy, five
thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For first of three installments, to be expended
in presents to the ten persons of said tribe who
in the judgment of the agent may grow the
most valuable crops for the respective year,
per ninth article treaty May tenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty eight, for the fiscal year
euding June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, five hundred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods,
and so forth, for the Northern Cheyenne and
Northern Arapahoe tribes of Indians, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, four thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians,
of Willamette Valley.
For last of five installments of the third series
of annuity for beneficial objects, per second
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand five hundred
dollars.
Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
For the second of thirty installments, pro-
vided to be expeuded under the tenth article of
the treaty of October twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, concluded at Medi-
cine Lodge Creek, in Kansas, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of clothing, per tenth arti-
cle of the treaty of October twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, fourteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the construction of five buildings for
carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and
engineer, two thousand dollars each, per fourth
article treaty October twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, seven thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the erection of a steam circular saw-
mill, with a grist-mill and shingle-machine
attached, per fourth article treaty October
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, eight thousand dollars.
For salary of a physician, per thirteenth
article treaty October twenty-eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, per thirteenth article
treaty October twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, three thousand nine
hundred and fifty dollars.
For salary of a teacher, per thirteenth article
treaty October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, one thousand dollars.
For the construction of school-house or mis-
sion building, per fourth article treaty October
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven. three thousand four hundred dollars.
For the first of three installments, to be
expended in presents to the ten persons of
said tribe who in the judgment of the agent
may grow the most valuable crop for the re-
spective year, per fourteenth article treaty
October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, five hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods, and so forth,
to the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, three thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
Chasta, Scoion, and Umpqua Indians.
For the last of fifteen installments of annu-
ity, to be expended as directed by the Presi-
j dent, per third article treaty eighteenth No-
j vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two
; thousand dollars.
For last of fifteen installments for the pay
of a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For last of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
Chippeivas of Saginaio, Swan Creek, and
Black Elver.
For this amount, to be placed to credit of
educational fund of the Chippewas of Saginaw,
Swan creek, and Black river, per fourtn article
treaty eighteenth October, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For fifteenth of twenty installments in coin,
per fourth article treaty thirtieth Seotember,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five "thousand
dollars.
For fifteenth oftwentyinstallmentsin goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils, per
fourth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fitty-four, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for agri-
cultural implements and cattle, carpenters' and
other tools, and building materials, per fourth
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for moral
and educational purposes, three hundred dol-
lars of which to be paid to the Grand Portage
band yearly to enable them to maintain a school
at their village, per fourth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treatv thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for the
support of six smiths' shops, per second and
fifth articles treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, one thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars.
For thirteenth of twenty installments for the
seventh smith and assistant, and support of
shops, per second and fifth articles treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions
for Chippewas of Lake Superior, five thousand
seven hundred and sixty-two dollars and sixty-
three cents.
For the support of a smith and shop, during
the pleasure of the President, per twelfth
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and third article treaty
April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
six hundred dollars.
For the support of two farmers, during the
pleasure of the President, per twelfth article
treaty September thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-tour, and th*ird article treaty April
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty six, one
thousand two bundled dollars.
Bois Fort Band of Chippewas.
For fourth of twenty installments for the
support of one blacksmith and assistant, and
for tool*, iron and steel, and other articles
necessary for the blacksmith shop, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the
support of one school teacher, and for neces-
sary books and stationery, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty inslallments for the
instruction of the Indians in farming, and pur-
chase of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments of annuity
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of Apiil seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty six, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments of annuity
in provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as per
