1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong. ... 1st Sess.
third article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
B'or fourth of twenty installments of annuity
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity goods and provisions, per
sixth article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For third of ten installments of the second
series in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, and third article
treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, four thousand one hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For third of ten installments of the second
series for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and third article treaty seventh May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, four hundred dollars.
For third of ten installments of the second
series in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, and third article
treaty seventh May," eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For third of ten installments of the second
series for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article of treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For third of ten installments of second series,
for the purchase of provisions and tobacco,
per fourth article treaty fourth October, eight-
een hundred and forty-two, and eighth aiticle
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, and third article of treaty sev-
enth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six
hundred and sixty-seven dollars and sixty-
seven cents.
For third of ten installments of the second
series for the support of two smiths' shops, in-
cluding the pay of two smiths and assistants, and
furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth aiticle tieatv thirtieth J
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, j
and third article of treaty seventh May, eight-
een hundred and sixty-fourj six hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For third of ten installments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fatty-tour,
and third article treaty May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For fifteenth of twenty installments of annu-
ity in money, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, twenty thousand dollars. _
For twenty-third of twenty-six installments,
to be paid the Chippewas of Mississippi, per
third article treaty of August second, eighteen
• hundred and forty-seven, one thousand dof-
For second of ten installments for the sup-
port of a school or schools upon said reserva-
tion. in accordance with third article or treaty
of March nineteenth, eighteen hundied and
sixty-seven, four thousand dollars.
For second often installmentstobe expended
in promoting the progress of the people m agri-
culture and assisting them to become solt-sus-
taining, in accordance with third aiticle
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For second of ten installments for the sup-
port of a physician, in accordance with third
article treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments for the pur-
chase of necessary medicines, in accordance
with third article of treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, three hun-
dred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions for
Chippewas of Mississippi, in accordance with
sixth article of the treaty of March nineteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, five thousand
dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lahe Winnebago-
shish Bands.
For fifteenth of thirty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
Forfifteenth of thirty installments of annuity
in goods, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of thirty installments for pur-
poses of utility, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for pur-
poses of education, including compensation of
teacher, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundredand fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For last of fifteen installments for support
of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third
article treaty twenty- second February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For the last of ten installments for pay of
an engineer to grist and saw mill at Leech
Lake, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillager, and
Lake Winnebagosliish Bands of Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota.
For sixth often installments to furnish said
Indians with ten yoke of good work oxen,
twenty log-chains, two hundred grubbing-hoes
ten plows, ten grindstones, one hundred axes,
(handled,) twenty spades, and other farming
implements, per fifth article treaty May sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of two carpenters. one
thousand eight hundred dollars, and two black-
smiths, one thousand eight hundred dollars ;
four farm laborers, two thousand four hundred
dollars ; one physician, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars, and medicine for the sick, five
hundred dollars, per fifth article treaty May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, seven
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount to be applied toward the
support of a saw-mill to be built for the com-
mon use of the Chippewas of Mississippi, and
the Red Lake and Pembina bands of Chippe-
was, so long as the President may deem it
necessary, per sixth article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-tour, one thousand
dollars.
For pay of services and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than three persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements as
stipulated in the seventh article treaty May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, not
exceeding any one year more than twenty days
service at five dollars per day, or more than
three hundred miles travel, at ten cents per
mile, four hundred and eighty dollars.
- For pay of female teachers employed on the
reservations to instruct Indian girls in domestic
economy, one thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Red Lahe and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For this amount as annuity to be paid per
capita to the Bed Lake band of Chippewas
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article sup-
plementary to treaty twelfth April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per same treaty, five thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for the pur-
pose of supplying the Red Lake band of Chip-
pewas with gilling-twine, cotton matter, calico,
linsey, blankets, sheeting, flannels, provisions,
farming tools, and for such other useful articles,
and for such other useful purposes as may be
deemed for their best interests, per third ar-
ticle supplementary treaty of twelfth April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For the sixth of fifteen installments for same
objects for Pembina band of Chippewas, per
same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for pay of
one blacksmith, one physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, one miller, and one
farmer, per fourth article of same treaty, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for the pur-
chase of iron and steel and other articles for
blacksmithing purposes, per same treaty as
above, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments, to defray
expenses of a board of visitors, to consist ot
not more than three persons, to attend the
annuity payments of the said Indians, three
hundred and ninety dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and iron and steel for
blacksmiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, five thousand dollars.
Chickasaws.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundredand sixty-nine, and
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, six thousand dollars.
Choetaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.   ,• i.
For permanent annuity for support of light
horsemen, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of black-
smith, per sixth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth article
treaty January twentieth, eighteen hundred and
twenty five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity lor iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty twentieth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thu-
teenth article of treatv twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, threa hundred
and twenty dollars. .
For interest on three hundred and ninety
thousand two hm dred and fifty-seven dollars
and ninety-two cents, at five per centum per
annum, for education, support of the govern-
