44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which schools to be
an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fiftli article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers'
shops, and for providing necessary tools there-
for, per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming,
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mill, andforfurnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures therefor,
per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings for the various em ploves,
and for providing the necessary furniture there- 1
for, per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eight- j
een hundred and fifty-five, two hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sal- |
ary of such person as the tribe may select to i
be their head chief, per fifth article treaty '
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For last of four installments to enable the
Indians to remove and locate upon the reser-
vation, to be expended in plowing land and
fencing lots, as per first clause fourth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, fifteen thousand dollars.
B'or fourth of the sixteen installments for
boarding and clothing the children who shall
attend the schools, providing the schools and
boarding-houses with necessary furniture, the
purchase of necessary wagons, teams, agricul-
tural implements, tools, and so forth,' and for
fencing of such lands as may be needed for
gardening andfarmi ng purposes for the schools,
as per fourth clause fourth article treaty of
June nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
three thousand dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June nine, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, five hundred dollars each.
I?or third of fifteen installments to keep the
blacksmiths' shop in repair and stocked with
the necessary tools and materials, per fifth arti-
cle treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, five hundred dollars.
For third of fifteen installments for repairs
of houses, mills, shops, and so forth, and pro-
viding the necessary furniture, tools, and ma-
terials, as per fifth article treaty June ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
the boarding-schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers, as
per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred aud sixty-three, seven thousand six
hundred dollars.
Omahas.
For the second of fifteen installments of this
amount, being third ofseries, in money orother-
wise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for keeping in
repair a grist and saw mill, and support of
blacksmith shop, per eighth article treaty March
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article treaty March sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, three hundred dollars.
For pay of one engineer, twelve hundred
dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of one
miller, per same treaties, nine hundred doMars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of one
farmer, per same treaties, seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for pay of
blacksmith, per same treaties, seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum per
annum, being value of fifty-four sections of
land set apart by said treaty for educational
purposes, three thousand four hundred and
fifty-six dollars.
For interest on three hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually, in money or such articles a3 the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
first article treaty of September twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Great and Little
Osage Indians, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Otiawas and Chippewas of Michigan.
For second of four equal annual installments
in coin of thesum of two hundred and six thou-
sand dollars, being the unpaid part of the prin-
cipal sum of three hundred and six thousand
dollars, to be distributed per capita, in the
usual manner of paying annuities, per third
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, fifty-one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on one hundred and three thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, being the bal-
ance of two hundred and six thousand dollars
for the Gbual year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy, five thousand one hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.
For second of fifteen installments, being the
third series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun
dred and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Pawnees.
For perpetual annuity, at least one half of
which to be in goods and such articles as may
be deemed necessary for them, per second
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thousand
dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools,
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty September twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel and other ne-
cessaries for the shops, during the pleasure of
the President, per same treaty, five hundred
dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom
shall be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per same
treaty, twelve hundred dollars.
For pay of two strikers or apprentices in
blacksmith's shop, per same treaty, four hun-
dred and eighty dollars.
For the purchase of farming utensils and
stock, during the pleasure of the President,
per same treaty, twelve hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per same treaty, six hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of miller, at the discretion of the
President, per same treaty, six hundred dol-
lars.
For pay of an engineer, at the discretion of
the President, per same treaty, twelve hundred
dollars.
For pay of apprentices to assist in working
the mill, per same treaty, five hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and sawmills,
per same treaty, three hundred dollars.
Poncas.
For the sixth of ten installments of the sec-
ond series, "to be paid to them or expended
for their benefit," per second article treaty
twelfth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, to be expended during the
pleasure of the President in furnishing such
aid and assistance in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits provided for in the first part of
the second article of treaty of March twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may consider advantageous
and necessary, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, seven hundred and twenty-
four dollars and seventy-seven cents.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and nine, three hundred and sixty-
two dollars and thirty-nine cents.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, one thousand eight hun-
dred and eleven dollars and ninety-three cents.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, one thousand four
hundred and forty-nine dollars and fifty-four
cents.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, eleven thousand five
hundred and ninety-six dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For life annuity to chief, per third article
treaty twentieth Uetobcr, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hun-
dred ~a?r?i~thTrfcy-fckreeT-seven hundred dollars:
Provided, That satisfactory evidence shall be
shown to the Secretary of the Interior that the
chief or chiefs provided for by said articles are
still living.
For education, during the pleasure of Con-
gress, per third article treaty of October six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and twenty six,
sepond article treaty September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and fourth
article treaty October twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, five thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment
of money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel,
per second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, two hun-
dred and seventeen dollars aud forty-three
cents.
For permanent provision for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty sixteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eight-
een hundred and twenty-eight, and second
article treat)' twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, two thousand and forty-
two dollars and ninety-four cents.
