1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong. ... 1st- Sesss.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, three
hundred and seventeen dollars and nine cents.
For interest on four hundred and sixty-six
thousand and twenty-seven dollars and forty-
eight cents, at five per centum, in conformity
with seventh article treaty of June fifth and
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
twenty-three thousand three hundred and one
dollars and thirty-seven cents.
To enable the President to carry out the
provisions of the third article of the treaty of
November fifteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, with the Pottawatomie Indians, as mod-
ified by the treaty of March twenty-nine, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, by paying to certain
members of said tribe who have elected to
become citizens in accordance -with said trea-
ties, the proportion of the cash value of the
Pottawatomie annuities to which they may be
entitled, the sum of two hundred and thirty-
three thousand one hundred and sixty-three
dollars and eighty cents, in currency, and the
sum of one hundred and twenty-three thou-
sand six hundred and ninety-nine dollars and
seventy-three cents, in gold, to be paid out of
the funds belonging to said tribe of Indians, or
so much of said sum as may be necessary to
pay the members of said tribe who have act-
ually withdrawn from their tribal relations,
and under said treaties have become citizens
of the United States, be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated: Provided, That no part
of said money due or belonging to minor chil-
dren shall be paid to them, or to any person
for them, until such children shall have at-
tained the age of twenty-one years: And pro-
vided further, That before the President shall
cause any money to be paid out of this appro-
priation, or any patents to be issued, he shall
cause evidence to be taken and shall be satis-
fied that the recipients are entitled to the same
under the aforesaid treaties, and he may re-
quire the Secretary of the Interior to cause to
be sold such proportion of the bonds held by
him in trust for said Indians as may be.neces-
sary to comply with said provisions.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and tools, and
iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure of
the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer, during the pleasure ot the Pres-
ident, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, six hundred
dollars.
Qui-nai-elt and Quil-lehute Indians.
For the last of four installments on twenty-
five thousand dollars (being the fourth series)
for beneficial objects, under_ the direction ot
the President, per fourth article treaty first ot
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article
treaty first July, eighteen hundred and filty-
five. two thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for support
of smith and carpenter shop, and to provide
the necessary tools therefor, per tenth article
treaty first July, eighteen hundred and hlty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
farmer, and a physician who shall furnish med-
icines for the sick, per tenth article treaty first
July, eighteen hundred aud fifty-five, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For last of sixteen installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty tenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty third November,
eighteen hutidred and four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty eleventh October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,
per second article treaty twenty-first October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annu-
ity, per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, (they having joined their brethren
west.) per eighth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve, thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the
rate of five per centum per annum, " to be
paid annually for the support of schools," as
per third article treaty of March twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, twenty-five
hundred dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rate of five per centum per annum, "to
be paid annually," for the support of the Sem-
inole government, as per third article treaty
of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
For this amount, being the interest on fifty
thousand dollars from Angast sixteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, the date of the rat-
ification of the treaty made with the Seminoles,
March twenty-one, eighteen hundrecLaud sixty-
six, to November twelve, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, the date when the payment of
said sum commenced, two years, two months,
and twenty-six days, as per third article of
treaty of March twenty-one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, five thousand five hundred and
ninety-seven dollars and twenty-one cents.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
iron or [and] steel, during the pleasure of the
President, as per fourth article treaty of Feb-
ruary twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
thirty-one, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Pres
ident, six hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on sev-
enty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, three thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, op forty-
three thousand and fifty dollars, transferred
from Ontario Bank to the United States Treas-
ury, per act of twenty-seven>h June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, two thousand one hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleas-
ure of the President, per fourth article treaty
twentieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
one, one thousand and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-fivo, and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, in specie, for edu-
cational purposes, per fourth article treaty
twenty-ninth September, eighteen hundred and
seventeen, and third article treaty tenth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty
thousand dollars, for educational purposes, per
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Shoshones—Western Bands.
For sixth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per seventh article treaty October
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five
thousand dollars.
Eastern Bands.
For sixth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per fifth article treaty July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thousand
dollars.
Northwestern Bands.
For sixth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem,
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
1 herdsmen, per third article treaty July thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five thousand
dollars.
Oosliip Bands.
For sixth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles, including cattle
for herding or other purposes, as he shall deem
suitable for their wants and condition, either
as huntsmen or herdsmen, per seventh article
treaty October twelfth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty seven-
teenth November, seventeen hnndred and
ninety-four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
S' Klallams.
For last of four installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being fourth series,) under the
direction of the President, per filth article
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
