1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....1st Sess.
For this amount, being the balance of inter-
est, at five per centum per month, on thirty-
nine thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars
held by the United States from July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, till vested in Kansas
bonds in December, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, per twenty-fourth article treaty Feb-
ruary twenty-three, eighteen hundred andsixty-
seven, three thousand seven hundred dollars.
For firstof six installments for pay of black-
smith, and for necessary iron and steel and
tools, per twenty-seventh article treaty Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, fifteen
hundred dollars.
Sac and Fox Indians of the Mississippi.
For amount necessary to pay to the Sac and
Fox Indians, parties to this treaty, at the rate
of one dollar per acre for one hundred and
forty-seven thousand three hundred and ninety-
three and thirty-two one hundredth acres of
land, (being the residue of one hundred and
fifty-seven thousand acres ceded to the United
States, after deducting the amount of land set
apart for individuals,) per third article treaty
February eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one hundred and forty-seven thousand
three hundred and ninety-three dollars and
thirty-two cents.
For. erection of a dwelling-house for the agent
of said' tribe, a house and shop for a black-
smith, and dwelling-house for a physician, per
seventh article treaty February eighteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, six thousand
dollars.
For first of five installments for the support
of a physician and purchase of medicines, per
tenth article treaty February eighteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, fifteen hundred dol-
lars.
For first of five installments for supplying
said tribe with tobacco and salt, per tenth
article treaty February eighteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, three hundred and fifty
dollars.
To pay the claim of the Sacs and Foxes
against the United States for stealing of stock,
per fifteenth article treaty February eighteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, sixteen
thousand four hundred dollars.
For amount necessary to pay the expenses
of negotiating this treaty, per nineteenth article
treaty February eighteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, fifteen hundred dollars.
Tabequache, Muaehe, Capote, Weeminuche,
Yampa, Grand River, and TJintah Bands
of Ute.
For construction of a warehouse or store-
room at each of the agencies, for the use of the
agentin storing goods belonging to the Indians,
fifteen hundred dollars each, per fourth article
treaty March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, three thousand dollars.
For erecting an agency building for the res-
idence of the agent at each of the agencies,
fifteen hundred dollars each, per fourth article
treaty March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, three thousand dollars.
For the construction of two school-houses,
as per fourth article treaty of March two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, six thousand
dollars.
For construction of four buildings, for car-
penter, farmer, blacksmith, and miller, at each
of the agencies, fifteen hundred dollars each,
per fourth article treaty March two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For the erection on said reservation, near
each agency, a good water-power saw-mill,
with grist-mill and a shingle-machine attached,
as per fourth article treaty of March two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, sixteen thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two
farmers, and one blacksmith, per fourth and
fifteenth articles treaty March two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, five thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Forpurchaseof ironand steel, and the neces-
sary tools for the blacksmith shop, per ninth
article treaty March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, two hundred and twenty dollars.
Forfirstofthirty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, for clothes, blankets, and such other
articles as he may think proper and necessary,
per eleventh article treaty March two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For annual amount to be expended, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in supplying said Indians with beef, mutton,
wheat, flour, beans, and potatoes, until such
time as said Indians shall be found to be
capable of sustaining themselves, per twelfth
article treaty March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, thirty thousand dollars.
For this amount, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior in
providing each lodge or head of a family in
said confederated bands with one gentle Amer-
ican cow, as distinguished from the ordinary
Mexican or Texas breed, and five head of sheep,
per thirteenth article treaty March two, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, forty-five thou-
sand dollars.
GENERAL INCIDENTAL EXPENSES OF THE INDIAN
SERVICE.
Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, seventy thousand dollars.
California.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, including travel-
ing expenses of superintending agents, five
thousand dollars.
Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, tweuty-five thousand dollars.
Dakota Territory.
For tEe general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, ana other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in per-
manent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For this amount to pay the balance due on
certain contracts made by D. W. Ballard, Gov-
eroor and ex officio superintendent of Indian
affairs for Idaho Territory, in July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, for subsistence, and
so forth, for Indians in that Territory, eight
thousand and forty-four dollars and seventy
cents.
Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and to sustain themselves
by the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and otheruseful arti-
cles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty
thousand dollars.
New Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of tbe
Indian service in New Mexico, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, forty thousand dollars.
Oregon and Washington Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon and Washington
Territory, including insurance and transporta-
tion of annuity goods and presents, (.where no
special provision therefor is made by treaties,)
and office and traveling expenses of the super-
intendent, agents, and sub-agents, thirty-five
thousand five hundred dollars.
Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary ex-
penses of delivery of provisions to the Indians
within the Utah superintendency, ten thousand
dollars.
For this amount to carry out the action con-
templated by act of Congress, approved May
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled
"An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle
said Indians in Uintah valley/' five thousand
dollars.
Miscellaneous.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchasing
clothing, medicine, ironandsteel, maintenance
of schools for Indians lately residing in Texas,
but now residing on the Choctaw leasehold, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, eleven thousand dollars.
For the Wichitas and other Affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing said bands with agricultural
implements and stock, pay of necessary em-
ployes, purchase of clothiug, medicines, iron
and steel, and maintenance of schools, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
California.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and
farming tools for Indians in California, sixty
thousand dollars.
For pay of ono pliysicisn, one biacKsroUh,
one assistant blacksmith, one farmer, onecar-
penter, and one teacher upon each of the three
reservations of California^ and one miller at
the Round Valley, and one upon the Hoopa
