50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ninety-fourth sections of the act of July twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred arid sixty-eight, and
who shall, prior to selling: or offering such
tobacco, snuff, or cigars for sale, affix and
cancel proper internal revenue stamps, shall
be eutitled to hare refunded to him ail amount
of tax previously paid thereon equal to the
value of the stamps affixed before sale as afore-
said ; and the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue shall be, and is hereby, authorized, on
appeal to him made, to refund and pay back a
sum of money equal to the value of the stamps
so affixed, upon satisfactory evidence submitted
to him that the tobacco and snuff were actually
manufactured and removed from the place of
manufacture, and that the cigars were so manu-
factured and removed, or imported and with-
drawn from a United States bonded warehouse,
and the several rates of tax imposed on such
goods by the act of July twentieth, eighteen
hundred"and sixty-eight, as aforesaid assessed
and paid, and that the claimant had in all
respects complied with the internal revenue
laws as far as they have been or may be appli-
cable to such articles. The Commissioner of.
Internal Revenue is hereby authorized and
empowered to prescribe such rules and regu-
lations for carrying out the provisions of this
section as in his judgment shall be deemed
proper and necessary ; and the Commissioner
may in any case, at his discretion, allow snuff
and smokiDg tobacco manufactured prior to
the twentieth of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, not in wooden packages, to be
stamped and sold in the original packages:
and the rate of duty on cigars imported prior
to July twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, and now remaining in bond, shall be the
pame as on cigars imported after that date.
Approved. April 10. 1860.
Chap. XIX.—An Act making an Appropria-
tion for the Improvement of Rivers and
Harbors for the fiscal year ending June 80,
t-3G9. and the year ending June 80, 1870.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
L'onyress assembled, That the sum of two mil-
lion dollars is hereby appropriated for she fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, and the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy, to be expended
for the repair, extension, preservation, and
completion of works for the improvement of
rivers and harbors rnrder the direction of the
Secretary of War: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of War is hereby authorized to cause such
expenditures to be made so as best to subserve
the interests of commerce; and he is required
to report to Congress, at the opening of its
December session, all expenditures madeunder
the provisions of this act up to that time in
dt- tad.
Approved. April 10, 1869.
cattle introduced into the said Territory from
other Territories or States, or the republic of
Mexico, be, and the same are hereby, disap-
proved and repealed.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XX —An Act to declare and fix the
Status of Judge Anvocates of the Army,
jBe it enacted by the Senate and Houte of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America iu
Congress assembled, That the number of judge
advocates of the Army be, and the same is
hereby, fixed at eight, and the President is
hereby authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to fill ail vacancies which
have occurred or may hereafter occur therein.
Apit.oved, April 10, 18C9.
Ciiap. XXII.—An Act to amend the Judicial
System of the United States.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Supreme Court
of the United States shall hereafter consist of
the Chief Justice of the United States and eight
associate justices, any six of whom shall con-
stitute a quorum ; and for the purposes of this
act there shall be appointed an additional asso-
ciate justice of said court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That for
each of the nine existing judicial circuits there
shall be appointed a circuit judge, who shall
reside in his circuit., and shall possess the same
power and jurisdiction therein as the justice of
the Supreme Court allotted to the circuit. The
circuit courts iu each circuit shall be held by
the justice of the Supreme Court allotted to
the circuit, or by the circuit judge of the cir-
cuit, or by the district judge of the district bit-
ting alone, or by the justice of the Supreme
Court and circuit judgesittingtogelher,in which
case the justice of the Supreme Court shall
preside, or in the absence of either of them
by the othes, (who shall preside,) and the dis-
trict judge. And such courts may be held at
the same time in the different districts of the
same circuits, and cases may be heard and
tried by each of the judges holding any such
court sitting apart by direction of the presiding
jusiicc or judge, who shall designate the busi-
ness to be done by each. The circuit judges
shall each receive an annual salary of live
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. A.nd be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall affect the powers of
the justices of the Supreme Court as judges of
the circuit court, except in the appointment
of clerks of the circuit courts, who in each cir-
cuit shell be appointed by the circuit judge of
that circuit, and the clerks of the district courts
shall be appointed by the judges thereof re-
spectively: Provided, That the present clerks
of said courts shall continue in office till other
appointments be made in their place, or they
be otherwise removed.
Sec. I. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Chief Justice and of
each justice of the Supreme Court to attend at
least one term of the circuit court in each dis-
trict of his circuit during every period of two
years.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted, That any
judge of any court of the United States, who.
having held his commission as such at least
ten years, shall, after having attained to the
age of seventy years, resign his office, shall
thereafter, duriDg the residue of his natural
life, receive the same salary which was bylaw
payable to him at the time of his resignation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That this
act shall take effect on the first Monday of
December, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Ciiat. XXI.—An_Act to repeal an Act of the
Legislature ot New Mexico imposing a Capi-
tation Tax on Bovine Cattle.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of New .Mexico, of Feb-
ruary third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
and all other laws and part.-, of laws of said
Lejiiiiatuie imposing a capitation tax on bovine
J Ciiap. XXIII.—An Act regulating the Rights
|j of Property of Married Women in the Dis-
I: trict of Columbia.
i \ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Hep-
resentaticcs of the United States of America in
\ Congress assembled, That in the District of
! Columbia the right of any married woman to
j any property, personal or real, belonging to
j her at the time of marriage, or acquired dur-
| ing marriage in any other way than by gift or
: conveyance from her husband, shall be as abse-
il lute as if she were femme sole, and shall not
! be subject to the disposal of her hn;,band. nor
1 beliable for his debto; but such man ied woman
may convoy, devise, and begueath the same,
or any interest therein, in the same manner
and with like effect as if she were unmarried.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
married woman may contract, and sue and be
sued in her own name, in all matters having
relation to her sole and separate property in
the same manner as if she were unmarried ;
but neither her husband nor his property shall
be bound by any such contract nor liable for
any recovery against her in any such suit, but
judgmentmay be enforced by execution against
her sole and separate estate in the same man-
ner as if she were sole.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to renew certain GrantB
of Land to the State of Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the grant
of lands made to the State of Alabama by the
act of Congress approved June three, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, entitled "An act grant-
ing public lands in alternate sections to the
State of Alabama, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State,'1 as were
granted to assist iu the building of railroads
"from near Gadsden to some point on the
Alabama and Mississippi State line, in a di-
rection to the Mobile and Ohio railroad, with
a view to connect with the said Mobile and
Ohio railroad,''' and "from Gadsden to con-
nect with the Georgia and Tennessee and Ten-
nessee line of railroads through Chattooga,
Wills, and Lookout valleys," is hereby revived
! and renewed, subject to all the conditions and
i restrictions contained in the act referred to, and
| subject to the further limitation that if either
j of the said railroads is not completed within
| three years from the passage of this act no
i further sale shall be made for the benefit of
such railioad, and the lands unsold shall revert
to the United States: Provided, That the lands
granted by the act hereby revived, except min-
eral lands, shall be sold to actual settlers only
in quantities not greater than one quarter sec-
tion to any one purchaser, and for a price not
exceeding two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
right, power, and authority is hereby given to
the companies building the aforesaid railroads
to take from the public lands adjacent to the
lines of said railroads earth, stone, and other
materials for the construction thereof; and the
right of way is hereby granted to the extent of
one hundred feet in width on each side of said
railroads where they may pass over the public
lands","trrchrtH-ng-ail-aec&ssary grounds for sta-
tions and structures connected therewith, not
exceeding forty acres at any one station.
Approved. April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXV.—An Act concerning the Attor-
ney General.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the " act
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year endmgthe thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy,'' as repeals the
second section of the act of August second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An
act concerning the Attorney General and the
attorneys and marshals of the several districts,''
be, and the same is hereby, repealed ; and said
second section is hereby declared to be in full
force : and it shall be the duty of the Attorney
General to report at the commencement of the
next session of Congress, and to each succeed-
ing session, the names of all the persons em-
ployed for the purposes aforesaid, and where
and upon what business employed, with the
compensation paid to each.
Appro-, i:r>. Apiii ln, lt-fVi.
