52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 7,
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
tenxessee.
From Waynesboro' to Boyd's Landing.
From Mount Pleasant, via Laughing Water,
to Ashland.
From Waynesboro' to Clifton.
From Linden to Waynesboro'.
vermoxt.
From Marshfield, via Hookersville, to East
Cabot.
tviscoxsix.
From Rockbridge, via Ghomley's Mills and
John Browns, to Ironton.
From Iola, via New Hope, Sharons, and
Hull, to Stevens's Point.
From Black River Falls, via Augusta, to
Chippewa Falls.
From Bayhill to Elkhorn.
From Kenosha to Somers.
Approved, April 10, 1809.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution authorizing the Removal
of the Public Stables, Steam Saw-Mill, and
other Buildings from ths Capitol Grounds.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'iliat the officer in charge
of the Capitol extension be, and he is herebv,
authorized to clear from the Capitol grounds
the public stables, steam saw mill, and such
other buildings as are of no further use to the
work on the Capitol extension.
Approved, March 23, 1869.
No. 4.—A Resolution in relation to Light-
Houses on the coast of Oregon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the erection of the
light-house at Aquinna bay, and of other light-
houses on the coast of Oregon, ior which ap-
propriations have been or may be made, shall
not be delayed for want of the consent of the
Legislature of the State to the purchase of the
site or sites for such light-houses.
Approved, March 26, 1869.
No. 2.— Joint Resolution to supply an Omis-
sion in the Enrollment of the "Act making
Appropriations for sundry Civil Expenses
of the Government for the year ending Jane
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
for other purposes,'' approved March'third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following item,
omitted in the enrollment of the "act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, and for other
purposes," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine. be. and the same is
hereby, made to all intents and purposes a part
of said act, viz :
"For this amount to pay B. A. Shepherd
the sum due him on a lost cheek drawn by
Robert S. Neighbours, United States special
Indian agent, on the second of Jane, eighteen
hundred and fifty-n>'ne. on the Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States at New York city, for
supplies furnished the Indian department,
twelve hundred dollars."
Approved. March 24, 1SG9.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution to supply Omissio-ns
in the Enrollment of certain Appropriation
Acts approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following items,
omitted in ^he enrollment of appropriation acts
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, be, and the same are hereby, as
amended, made valid portions of the acts from
which they were omitted, viz:
In the " act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy," after
the proviso to the paragraph commencing
"Forsalariesand expenses of collectors, assess-
ors, assistant assessors, revenue agents," &c.,
insert: "Provided further, That after the pas-
sage of this act the proprietors of all internal
revenue bonded warehouses shall reimburse to
the United States the expenses and salary of
all storekeepers or other officers in charge of
such warehouses, and the same shall be paid
into the Treasury and accounted for like other
public moneys."
In the " act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
«nd seventy, and for other purposes,'' under
the heading •' Public Buildings and Grounds,"
before theitem '• For pay of lamplighters, gas-
fitting," &e., insert "For lighting the Capitol
and Ptesident's House and public gronnds
around them and around the executive offices,
thirty thousand dollars.'"
Approved, March 29, 18C9.
No. 3.—A Resolution r-lative to Consular
Fees.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the L in fed States of America in
Congress assembled. That section three of
chapter two hundred and thirty-three of the
public acts of ths Thirty-Ninth Congress,
approved uuly twenty live, eighteen hundred
and sixty-s'x, be, and is hereby, declared
to take eflcct from anil after Januarv first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven. And all
fees which have been paid into the Treasury
in obedience to the pu>v:Mon of said sec-
tion, and which aeerjt-d prior to said first
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven. shall he refunded out of "consular
rece'pts."
Appkoto), JIaieh 2^, 1SG9.
No. G.—Joint Resolution to facilitate the Con-
struction of the Custom-IIouse at Bangor.
Maine.
Be it resolvedly the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to make a present ap-
plication of the twenty-five thousand dollars
' appropriated at the last session of the Fortieth
Congress for the Bangor cusiom-hoose and
. public buildings, the same to be applied to the
|j use proi i Jed in said appropriation, not hereby
' increasing the said appropriation as heretofore
; made.
ji Approved, April 3, 18G9.
'[  
| No. i.—A Resolution relating to Government
' Buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota Territory.
; Resolved by the Senate and Hovse of Repre-
sentatives i,j the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
"U ar be. and he hereby is, authorized and
! empowered to direct the necessary buildings
at Fort Totten. Dakota Territory, to be con-
structed of brick, and to accept tho e at said
fort already constructed of brick; Provided.
i hat m his judgment buildings of that materia!
will not be mom expensne than buildings of
wood: And pi ortded further. That, no appro-
priation will be neei'.-'.sary therefor.
Approved. April <>, 1809.
No. 8 —A Resolution respecting the Pay and--
Allowances of Enlisted Men of the Army.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the pay and allow-
ances of the enlisted men of the Array shall
remain as now fixed by law until the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, April G, 1SG9.
No. 9.—A Resolution for the Reiief of Set-
tlers npon the Absentee Shawnee Lands in
Kansas.
Whereas a large tract of lands set apart by
a treaty with the Shawnee tribe of Indians,
dated May tenth, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, and proclaimed November
second, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, ior the benefit of certain absentees
of the said Shawnee tribe, is now, and for
many years past has been, occupied by a large
number of white settlers and citizens of the
State of Kansas ; and whereas the beneficial
interest of the said absentee Shawnees in said
lands was and is absolutely forfeited by reason
of their continued absence and non-affiliation
with the said Shawnee tribe ; and whereas the
said lands were ordered to-be publicly sold
at the United States land office at Topeka,
August third, eighteen hundred andsixtv-tnree',
by Abraham Lincoln, President, by his proc-
lamation dated March twentieth, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and by rea-
son of the absence of large numbers ot' said
settlers from their homesin the Federal armies
the sale was indefinitely postponed : There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate and House vj' dlepre-
sentatives of the L/nitcd States of America in
Congress assembled, That each bona fide set-
tler now occupying said lands and having made
improvements thereon, or the heirs-at law of
such, who is a citizen of the United States, or
who has declared his intention to become
such, shall be entitled to purchase the land so
occupied and improved by him. not to exceed
one hundred and sixty acres in each ease, at
the price of two dollars and fifry cents per acre,
under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interiorshall prescribe : Provided,
however, That the proceeds of said sales shall
be applied in accordance with the provisions
[of the treaty] between the United States and
thesaid Shawnee Indians, proclaimed Novem-
ber second, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-four.
Approved, April 7, 18G9.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
budding of a Railroad Bridge over ihe"0hio
river at Paducah, Kentucky.
Be it resolved, bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Lniteil States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress bo, and the same is hereby, given to the
erection of a railroad bridge over the Ohio
river from the city of Paducah, Kentucky, to the
State of Illinois, by the Paducah and Gulf Rail-
road Company and such others as'may associate
with them for Uiat purpose under the laws of
the States of Kentucky and Illinois : Provided,
That said bridge is built with an unbroken or
continuous span of not less than four hundred
feet m the clear, from pier to pier, over the
main channel of the river, and is built in all
other respects in accordance with the condi-
tions and limitations of an act. entitled "An
act to establish certain post roads," apptoved
July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two ; that said bridge, when completed in the
manner specified in this resolution, shall be
deemed and taken to be a legal stuicture and
shall be a post road for tho transmission of ih'i
mails of the United States; but Congress re-
serves the right to withdraw tho assent hereby
