1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
Laws of the United States.
41st Cons. ... 1st Sess..
given in case the free navigation of said river
shall at any time be substantially and mate-
rially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under the authority of this resolution, or to
direct the necessary modifications and altera-
tions of said bridge.
Approved, April 7, 1869.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution concerning Vacan-
cies in the Adjutant General's Department.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rejp -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the vacancies exist-
ing in the Adjutant General's department at
the time of the passage of the act approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
" making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, and for other pur-
poses," be, and the same are hereby, exempted
from the operation of said act."
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Transfer of certain Appropriations hereto-
fore made.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause the sum of seventy-eight thou-
sand dollars to be transferred from the appro-
priation " for paper for the public printing,"
contained in the act entitled ''An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
arid judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine," approved on the twen-
tieth of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
in aid of the appropriations contained in the
same act for the following purposes and in the
following proportions, to wit:
For contingent expenses of the office of Con-
gressional Printer, three thousand dollars.
For the public printing, seventy-five thou
sand dollars.
Approved, April 10, 1839.
No. 13.—A Resolution in relation to the Bur-
lington and Missouri River Railroad branch
of the Union Pacific Railroad.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of Congress
approved July [June] two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, granting certain lands to the
Burlington and Missouri River Iiailroad Com-
pany, to aid in extending its road through the
then Territory of Nebraska, to connect with
the Union Pacific railroad, shall bo so con-
strued as to authorize said Burlington and Mis-
souri River Railroad Company to assign and
convey to a railroad company, to be organized
under the laws of the State of Nebraska, all
the rights, powers, and privileges granted and
conferred by said act, and subject to all the
conditions and requirements therein contained.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 14.—A Resolution respecting the Retire-
ment of Brevet Major General S. P. Heintzel-
man.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be. and he is ffereby, authorized
to placo the name of Brevet Major General b.
P Heintzelman on the retired list of the Army,
with the full rank of the command held by him
when wounded, in accordance with sections
sixteen and seventeen of the act of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and section
thirty-two of the act of July twenty-eight, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 10.—A Resolution for the Protection of
Soldiers and their Heirs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury and Pay Department who
are charged with the settlement and payment
of bounties due to soldiers or their heirs be,
and they are hereby, directed to pay, or cause
to be paid, the sums found due to the said sol-
diers or tb^ir heirs in person, or by transmit-
ting the amount to them direct in a draft or
drafts, payable to his, her, or their order, or
through the Freedmen's Bureau, or State agents
appointed specially for that purpose, or gov-''
ernors of national asylums, or pension agent
of the district where he, she, or they may
reside, and not to any claim agent or upon any
power of attorney, transfer, or assignment
whatever.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further resolved, That any
officer or clerk of any of the Executive De-
partments of the Government who shall be law-
fully detailed to investigate frauds, or attempts
to defraud, on the Government, or any irregu-
larity or misconduct of any officer or agent of
the United States, shall have power to admin-
ister oaths to affidavits taken in the course of
any such investigation.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further resolved, That the
fees allowed bylaw to attorneys or agents shall
be reserved by the pay department or said pen-
sion agent and paid to said agent or attorney
when any such fees are due for services ren-
dered in procuring such bounty or bounties,
and not otherwise.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 16.—A Resolution extending the Time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lalje Superior Ship- Canal.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the com-
pletion of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior
ship-canal be, and the same is hereby, extended
to the third day of March, eighteen hundred
and seventy one.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 17.—A Resolution making San Diego,
California, a Port of Delivery.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That San Diego, Califor-
nia, be, and is hereby, created a port of deliv-
ery in the customs collection district of San
Francisco, and that the deputy collector of
that port receive the same salary as other
deputy collectors of the district.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 18.—A Resolution enabling bona fide Set-
tlers to Purchase certain Lands acquired
from the Great and Little Osage tribe of
Indians.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any bona fide settler
residing upon any portion of the lands sold to
the United States, by virtue of the first and
second articles of the treaty concluded between
the United States and the Great and Little
03age tribe of Indians, September twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and
proclaimed January twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, who is a citizen of the
United States or shall have declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States,
shall be, and hereby is, entitled to purchase
the same in quantity not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, at the price of one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre, within two years
: from the passage of this act, under such rules
;ind regulations as ma}7 be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior: Provided, howeve)',
That both the odd and even numbered sections
of said lands shall be subject to settlement and
sale as above provided: And provided further,
That the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in
each township of said lands shall be reserved
for State school purposes in accordance with-
the provisions of the act of admission of the
State of Kansas: Provided, however, That
nothing in this act shall be construed in any
manner affecting any legal rights heretofore
vested in any other party or parties.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 19.—-Joint Resolution for the Protection
of the Interests of the United States in the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, and for other
purposes.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the stockholders of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, at a
meeting to be held on the twenty-second day
of April, eighteeu hundred and sixty-nine, at
the city of Boston, (with power to adjourn from
day to day,) shall elect a board of directors for
the ensuing year; and said stockholders are
hereby authorized to establish their general
office at such placc in the United States as
they may select at said meeting: Provided,
That the passage of this resolution shall not
confer any other right upon said Union Pacific
Railroad Company than to hold such election,
or be held in any manner to relinquish or
waive any rights of the United States to take
advantage of any act or neglect of said Union
Pacific Railroad Company heretofore done or
omitted whereby the rights of the General Gov-
ernment have been or may b ; prejudiced : And
provided further, That the common terminus
of the Union Pacific and the Central Pacific
railroads shall be at or near Ogden ; and the
Union Pacific Railroad Company shall build,
and the Central Pacific Railroad Company pay
for aud own the railroad from the terminus
aforesaid to Promontory summit, at which
point the rails shall meet and connect and form
one continuous line.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That to
ascertain the condition of the Union Pacific
railroad and the Central Pacific railroad the
President of the United States is authorized to
appoint a board of eminent citizens, not ex-
ceeding five in number, aud who shall not he
interested in either road, to examine and report
upon the condition of, and what sum or sums,
if any, will be required to complete each of
said roads, for the entire lengthy thereof, to the
said terminus as a first-class railroad, in com-
pliance with the several acts relating to said
roads ; and the expense of such board, includ-
ing an allowance of ten dollars to each for
their services for each day employed in such
examination or report, to be paid equally by
said companies.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
President is hereby authorized and required to
withhold from each of said companies an
amount of subsidy bonds authorized to be
issued by the United States under said acts
sufficient to secure the full completion as a
first-class road of all sections of such road upon
which bonds have already been issued, or iu
lieu of such bonds he may receive as such
securit}' an equal amount of the first mortgage
bonds of such company ; and if it shall appear
to the President that the amount of subsidy
bonds yet to be issued to either of said com-
panies is insufficient to insure the full comple-
tion of such road he may make requisition
upon such company for a sufficient amount of
bonds already issued to said company, or in
his discretion of their first mortgage bonds, to
secure the full completion of the same. _ &nd
in default of obtaining such security as [is] in
this section provided the President may au-
