PRIVATE AC® OF THE FORTY-MUST CONGRESS
of the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Thursday, the 4th day of March, A. D. 1869, and teas adjourned without day on Saturday, the 10th day of
April, A. D. 1869..
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Yice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was caosen President of the Senate pro tempore on the 33d day of March, A. D. 1869, and so acted until the
29th day of said March ; was again chosen on the 9th day of April, A. D. 1869, and so acted until the end
of the session. James G. Blaine, Speaker of the House of "Representatives.
Chap. IV.—An Act to remove the charge of
Desertion from certain Soldiers of the Sec-
ond North Carolina Mounted Infantry.
Whereas it appears from the evidence of cer-
tain officers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry, the records of the War De-
partment, and the official orders of Major
General Schofield, that certain soldiers were
detached from the second North Carolina
mounted infantry to join the third North Car-
olina mounted infantry to make a raid into
the enemy's lines in June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, for the purpose of destroying
railroad bridges and harassing the enemy, and
while absent from their regiments upon such
duty they were borne upon the rolls of the
second North Carolina mounted infantry as
deserters; Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep -
rescntatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to remove the charge of desertion or absence
without leave from the following-named soldiers
of the second North Carolina mounted infan-
try ;
Company A: Joseph Thompson, Job Rice,
A. .T. Massey, John W. Bullman, James Ar-
rowood, Kinsey Ivcnslcj, George West, Wil-
liam Hunter, Alfred Fox, Allen Fox.
Company B: Henry 5t. Revis, George M.
Roberts, Jacob M. Revis, Adam F. Eller,
Pinkney Fox, Robert L. Fox, Spencer Rice,
Patterson Reece, Robert H. Perkins, Calvin
Jlauey, Sheperd Deaver, Robert Sams. J. B.
Gosnel, Peter M. Hughy, Alexander Beach-
board, John S. West, Edward Sams, Jeremiah j
Buckner, Thomas D. Cole, James P. Arro-
wood, John B. Sage, James M. Cole, John H.
Payne.
Company C: Lev/is W. Ramsey, Samuel
Rector, Manlpy Ball, Hiram Rice, John H.
Wild. John Ramsey, George W. Freeman, An-
drew J. Freeman, Robert Anderson. David
Lunsford. Jacob H. Wild, John M. Wild,
Jackson Paris, William D. Perry, George N.
Stines, Job Ramsey. Jackson Ramsey, Aimer
lirook«. Lewis Paris, Benjamin F. Freeman,
Seih Freeman, Jasper Brown, James Pain.
Company D: Leander Wright.
Company E: John Stanton, Hackley Nor-
ton. Eiiphas Shelton, Ezekiel Sams, James
Norton. Samuel Gosnel, William Hensley,
Peter McCoy, Simon P. Presnel,William Gen-
try, William Norton, Tilman Landers. William
Shelton, Balis Norton, David Norton, Francis
55
]i M. Franklin, George M. Gentry, James Gos-
jj nel, William J. McCoy, William Norton, jun-
i ior, Jesse Norton, John E. Griffin, Andrew
I J. Banks, John H. Cook, William Shelton,
junior, Thomas J. Candler, David Shelton,
Robert H. Hase, Larkin Stanton, James Nor-
ton, junior, George VV. Gentry.
Company F : James M.Case, John H. Drake,
Joshua F. Case, William C. Lanning, Levi
Cantrell, E. F. Case, William F. Case, John
Cantrell, Wilie Gosnel, William H. Walker,
Richard T. Drake, James J. Camp, Yoltair V.
C. Cantrell.
Company H: Ezekiel Kuykendoll, Daniel
Gilbert.
Approved, March 20, 18G9.
j[ been regularly expended in the quartermaster' I
department.
Approved, April 1, 1869.
Ciiap. VI.— An Act in addition to an Act enti-
tled "An Act to relieve from Legal and Polit-
ical Disabilities certain Persons engaged in
the late Rebellion," approved July twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States by reason of participation in the late
rebellion be, and they hereby are, removed
from the persons named in an act approved
July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, entitled "An act to relieve from
legal and political disabilities certain persons
engaged in the late rebellion."
Approved, April 1, 1869.
Chap. VII.—An Act for the Relief of Orlando
Brown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed, in the exam-
ination and settlement of the properly and
money accounts of Orlando Brown, late cap-
tain and assistant quartermaster United States
Army, to credit and allow him all expendi-
tures of money and property made by him in
good faith under the orders, or in conformity
with orders, of his superior officers; and espe-
ciallyallexpenditures of quartermasters' prop-
erty made by him for the benefit of freedmen,
i under the orders of Major General Benjamin
F. Butler, m hks manner as if the same had
Chap. VIII.—An Act for the Relief of Isabella
C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus Youngs.
Whereas letters-patent were on the twentieth
day of May, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, issued to James M. Miller for an
" improvement in surface condensers for steam
engines;" and whereas tho supreme court of
the District of Columbia, on the fourth day of
January, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, ordered, adjudged, and decreed that
all right, title, and interest of the said James
M. Miller in and to the said invention and let-
ters-patent so granted unto him be, and the
same are, by said decree, transferred t,o and
vested in the said Isabella C. Youngs in as full,
ample, and beneficial a manner, to all intents
and purposes, as the same were then held or
enjoyed by the said James M. Miller: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents, upon due application made to him
by the said Isabella C. Youngs, her heirs or
assigns, is authorized to extend and renew, in
the name of the said Isabella C. Youngs, her
heirs or assigns, the said patent of James M.
Miller, number fourteen thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty-three, for an "improvement
in surface condensers for steam engines," for
and during seven years from and after the
twentieth day of May, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and seventy, for the use and benefit
of the said Isabella C. Youngs, her heirs and
assignes, [assigns,] upon the same principle
and evidence as if the application were made
by the original patentee.
Approved, April 1, 1869.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph
P. Fyffe, Commander in the United States
Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to pay Joseph
P. Fyffe, commander United States Navy, the
difference between the pay of a lieutenant and
that of a lieutenant commander on the active
list, from the sixteenth day of July, eighteen
