56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10, 1869.
41st Cong 1st Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
hundred and sixty-two, to the second of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act to remove the charge
of Desertion from certain Soldiers of the
Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry.
Beit enacted by the, Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to remove the charge of desertion or absence
without leave from the following-named sol-
diers of the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry:
Company C: Joseph Ward, Wilson Young,
John P. Davis, Patterson Green, Marvil Green,
William Black, Thomas C. Green, Thomas
Poor, Joseph Buchanan, William Ward, Wil-
liam Pitman, Reuben Pitman, George Size-
man.
Company B: ShadriekGreen, William Street,
John Burchfield, Thomas Burchfield, Westly
Wright.
Approved, April 10, 18G9.
Ciiap. XXXIII.'—An Act legalizingthe Stamp-
ing of certain Subscription Papers executed
and issued to the Iowa Northern Central
Railroad Company.
Whereas in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty six, and subsequent thereto, large sums
of money were subscribed to the capital stock
of the Iowa Northern Central Ilailroad Com-
pany, a body-corporate under the laws of the
State of Iowa, for the purnose of constructing
arailrotid from the city of Mount Pleasant, via
Washington and Iowa City, to Cedar Rapids,
in said State; and whereas the required United
States revenue stamps were not affixed to said
subscription papers by the parties executing the
same, nor by the said company, in the manner
prescribed by law_; and whereas the said com-
pany, after the said.subscription papers came
into the hands of said company, stamped the
same: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the stamping of said
subscription papers is hereby legalized, and
the same declared to be valid and of the same
force and effect as if the sufficient United
States revenue stamps had been placed thereon
and canceled at the date of the execution and
delivery of the same, and in the manner pre-
scribed by law.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
