4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
ail after the word "resolved" and insert the fol-
lowing:
That tile rules of thellouseof Representative as tliey
existed at the close of the last session of Congress be for
the present adopted as the rules of this Houge ; and that a
roimmuee he appointed to revise the rules, and report to
House ■such alterations and amendments as may be
deemed advisable.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the resolution
of Mr. McDowell as amended,
Mr. PAYNE offered an amendment providing
that the hour rule should notapply to discussions
on any bills for the raising of revenue either in
committee or in the House.
Mr. HAMLIN raised a question of order
against the amendment; which being sustained
by the Speaker, the amendment was not received.
And then the resolution of Mr. McDowell, as
amended by Mr. Holmes, was adopted.
So it was resolved that the rules of the House
of Representatives, as they existed at the close of
the last session of Congress, be for the present
adopted as the rules of this House; and that a
committee be appointed to revise the rules, and
to report to the Houscsuch alterationsand amend-
ments as may be deemed advisable,.
IIOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Resolved, That the daily hour to which this House
shrill stand adjourned be twelve o'clock m. until other-
wise ordered.
seats 01? tiie members.
Mr. COBB offered the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, immediately
sifter tin- parage of this resolution, place in a box the
name of each member of the House of Representatives
upon a separate pieee of papet; that he then proceed, in
the piesenct* of the House, to draw from said box, one at
n tun'1, the ^a d pieces of paper, and as each is drawn he
:4mlI announce the name of the member upon it, who
Miall thou choose his seat for the present session.
Mr. COBB observed, in support of this resolu-
tion, that the present mode ofchoosing seats in the
Hail was productive of some unfairness, and not
a little confusion. It frequently happened that
tlx-re were conflicting claims to the same seat,
which there was no ready mode of determining.
The adoption of this resolution would settle the
mode in an easy and equitable manner, and would
avoid all difficulty for the future. All that could
be required of any member was that he should be
at his post when the session commenced; and if
he was there, ready to attend to his public duty,
his chance for a good seat ought not to be super-
seded because other gentlemen chose to come to
the seat of Government before Congiess sat and
put their names upon the best seats. Let all who
were in their places on the first day of the session
have an equal chance of obtaining an eligible sit-
uation in the Hall.
Pending this resolution,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 2, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday having been read,
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution,submitted yesterday by Mr. Speight:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, jointly with
eueli committee aa may be appointed by the lluu?e of
Representatives to wait on the Ptesident of the United
y lutes, and inform him that quorums of both Houses have
assembled, and that Congi ess is leady to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make.
The resolution having been considered and
agreed to,
It was ordered that the appointment of said
committee on the part of the Senate be made by
the Chair ; and
Messrs. Speight and Upham were then ap-
pointed.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, informing the Senate that a
quorum of the House had assembled, had elected
.Ioiin W. Davis, of Indiana, its Speaker, and was
now ready to proceed to business; also, that the
House had passed a joint resolution appointing
a committee on their part to wait on the Piesi-
dent of the United States, and requested the con-
currence of the Senate therein ; and that the
House had appointed a committee.
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested whether it might
not be proper to reconsider the decision by which
the Senate had just adopted a similar resolution,
and to take up the jointresolution communicated
to the Senate from the House.
The CHAI& regarded the action of the Senate
on its own resolution as a sufficient concurrence
with the House, and that it was not necessary to
reconsider its decision.
CLASSIFICATION OF FLORIDA SENATORS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Sevier:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the
classes in which the Senators from the State of Florida
shall be inserted, hi conformity to the resolution of the
14th day of May, 1789, and as the Constitution requires;
that the Secremiy put into the ballor-hox two papers of
equal size, one of which ^iail be numbered two, and one
of which shall be numbered three, und each Senator shall
diaw one out; and the Senatoi who shall draw the paper
numheied two shall be inserted iti the class of Senators
whose terms of service will expire the 3d day of March,
1819; and the Senator who shall draw the paper num-
bered three shall be inserted in the class of Senators
whose terms of service will expire the 3d day of March,
1851.
Mr. ARCHER stated that the suggestion made
by the Senator from Mississippi yesterday, on
thesubjectof the first class of Senators, was well
founded,as he had ascertained on inquiry. It ap-
peared that the first, class had already its full pro-
portion of Senators, He would therefore waive
the objection he had made on the introduction of
the resolution, and he hoped it would be adopted.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The Secretary of the Senate thea placed two
ballots in the ballot-box, as prescribed by the
resolution, and the two Senators from Florida
approaching the table, Mr. Levy drew forth the
paper marked No. 3.
Mr. Levy is therefore assigned to the class of
Senators whose term of service will expire in
1851, and Mr. Westcott is assigned to the class
of Senators whose term of service will expire in
1849.
rills introduced.
Mr.CRITTENDEN, pursuant to notice, asked
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to provide for the improvement of the
navigation of the rivers Ohio, Mississippi, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas; and
A bill to authorize the purchase of stock in the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company.
These bills were severally read a first time.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he should to-
morrow ask leave to introduce certain bills, the
titles of which he read.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE gave notice that he should
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill, the title
of which he read.
Mr. HANNEGAN gave notice that he should
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the
continuation of the Cumberland road through
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That so much of the thirty-fourth rule as re-
qtuies the appointment of the several standing committees
by ballot at the pterin session be suspended, and that the
appointment be made hy the President of the Senate.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the joint committee ap-
pointed to wait on ihe President of the United
States, reported that the committee had performed
the duty assigned to them, and that the President
had replied that he would make a communication
to Congress forthwith.
president's message.
The following message from the President of
the United States was received by the hands of
Mr. Walker,his Private Secretary,and read:
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
mid House of Representatives:
It is to me a source of unaffected satisfaction to
meet the representatives of the States and the
people in Congress assembled, as it will be to
receive the aid of their combined wisdom in the
administration of public affairs. In performing,
for the first time, the duty imposed on me by Ihe
Constitution of givin? to you information of the
state of the Union, and recommending to your
consideration such measures as, in my judgment,
are necessary and expedient, I am happy that I
can congratulate you on the continued prosperity
of our country. Under the blessings of divine
Providence and the benign influence of our free
institutions it stands before the world a spectacle
of national happiness. # -
With our unexampled advancement in alt the
elements of national greatness ihe affection of the
people is confirmed for the union of the States,
and for the doctrines of popular liberty, which
lie at the foundation of our Government.
- It becomes us in humility to make our devout
acknowledgments to the Supreme- Ruler of the
universe for the inestimable civil and religious
blessings with which we are favored.
In calling the attention of Congress to our rela-
tions with foreign Powers, I am gratified to be
able to state, that though with some of them there
have existed since your last session serious causes
of irritation and misunderstanding, yet no actual
hostilities have taken place. Adopting the maxim
in the conduct of our foreign affairs, to "ask
nothing that is not right, anu submit to nothing
that is wrong," it has been my anxious desire to
preserve peace with all nations, but at the same
time to be prepared to resist aggression and to
maintain all our just rights.
In pursuance of ihe joint resolution of Con-
gress <4for annexingTexas to the United States"
my predecessor, on the 3d day of March, 1845,
elected to submit the first and second sections of
that resolution to the republic of Texas, as an
overture on the part of the United States for heir
admission as a State into our Union. This elec-
tion I approved, and accordingly the charge d'af-
faires of the United States in Texas, under in-
structions of the 10th of March, 1845, presented
these sections of the resolution for the acceptance
of that republic. The executive government,
the congress, and the people of Texas in con-
vention have successively complied with ail the
terms and conditions of the joint resolution. A
constitution for the government of the State of
Texas, formed by a convention of deputies, is
herewith laid before Congress. It is well known
also that the people of Texas at the polls have
accepted the terms of annexation and ratified the
constitution.
I communicate to Congress the correspondence
between the Secretary of State and our charge
d' affaires in Texas; and also the correspondence
of the latter with the authorities of Texas,to-
gether with the official documents transmitted by
him to his own Government.
The terms of annexation which were offered
by the United States having been accepted by
Texas, the public faith of both parties is solemnly
pledged to the compact of their union. Nothing
remains to consummate theeventbutthe passage
of an act by Congress to admit the State of Texas
into the Union upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States. Stiong reasons exist why this should
be done at an early period of the session. It will
be observed that by the constitution of Texas the
existing government is only continued tempora-
rily till Congress can actt and that the third Mon-
day of the present month is the day appointed
for holding the first general election. On that
day a Governor, a Lieutenant Governor, and both
branches of the Legislature will be chosen by the
people. The president of Texas is required, im-
mediately after the receipt of official information
that the new State has been admitted into our
Union by Congress, to convene the Legislature,
and upon its meeting the existing government will
be superseded and the State government organ-
ized. Questions deeply interesting to Texas, in
common with the other States; the extension of
our revenue laws and judicial system over her
people and territory,as well as measures of a local
character, will claim the early attention of Con-
gress; and therefore, upon every principle of re-
publican government, she ought to be represented
ui Lhat body without unnecessary delay. 1 can-
not too earnestly recommend prompt action on
this important subject.
As aovm as ihe act to admit Texas as a State
| shuli be parsed the union of the two republic*? \\ ill
u ^consummated by theirown voluntary
ii X uis accession to our territory has been a blood-
