CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
Texas, should be required. The contingency upon
which the exercise of this authority depended,
has not occurred. The circumstances under which
two companies of State artillery from the city of
New Orleans were sent into Texas, and mustered
into the service of the United States, are fully
stated in the report of the Secretary of "War. I
recommend to Congress that provision be made
for the payment of these troops, as well as a small
number of Texian volunteers, whom the command-
ing general thought it necessary to receive or mus-
ter into our service.
During the last summer, the first regiment of
dragoons made extensive excursions through the
Indian country on our borders, a part of them ad-
vancing nearly to the possessions of the Hudson's
Bay Company in the North, and a part as far as
the South Pass of the Rocky mountains, and the
head waters of the tributary streams of the Colo-
rado of the "West. The exhibition of this mili-
tary force among the Indian tribes in those distant
regions, and the councils held with them by the
commanders of the expeditions, it is believed, will
have a salutary influence in restraining them from
hostilities among themselves, and maintaining
friendly relations between them and the United
States. An interesting account of one of these
excursions accompanies the report of the Secre-
tary of "War. Under the directions of the "War
Department, Brevet Captain Fremont, of the corps
of topographical engineers, has been employed
since 1842 in exploring the country west of the
Mississippi, and beyond the Rocky mountains.
Two expeditions have already been brought, to a
close, and the reports of that scientific and enter-
prising officer have furnished much interesting and
valuable information. He is now engaged in a
third expedition ; but it is not expected that this
arduous service will be completed m season to
enable me to communicate the result to Congress
at the present session.
Our relations with the Indian tribes are of a fa-
vorable character. The policy of removing them
to a country designed for their permanent residence,
west of the Mississippi, and without the limits
of the organized States and Territories, is better
appreciated by them than it was a few years
ago; while education is now attended to, and the
habits of civilized life are gaining ground among
them.
Serious difficulties of long standing continue to
distract the several parties into which the Chero-
kees are unhappily divided. The efforts of the
government to adjust the difficulties between them
have heretofore proved unsuccessful; and there
remains no probability that this desirable object
can be accomplished without the aid of farther
legislation by Congress. I will, at an early period
of your session, present the .subject for your con-
sideration, accompanied with an exposition of the
complaints and claims of the several parties into
which the nation is divided, with a view to the
adoption of such measures by Congress as may
enable the Executive to do justice to them respec-
tively, and to put an end, if possible, to the dis-
tentions which have long prevailed, and still pre-
vail, among them.
I refer you to the report of the Secretary of the
Navy for the present condition of that branch of
the national defence ; and for grave suggestions,
having for their object the increase of its efficiency,
and a greater economy in its management. During
the past year the officers and men have performed
their duty in a satisfactory manner. The orders
which have been given, have been executed with
promptness and fidelity. A larger force than has
often formed one squadron under our flag was rea-
dily conccntrated in the Gulf of Mexico, and,
apparently, without unusual effort. It is espe-
cially to be observed, that, notwithstanding the
union of so considerable a force, no a.ct was com-
mitted that even the jealousy of an irritated power
could construe as an act of aggression ; and that
the commander of the squadron, and his officers,
in strict conformity with their instructions, holding
themselves ever ready for the most active duty,
have achieved the still purer glory of contribu-
ting to the preservation of peace. It is believed
that at all our foreign stations the honor of our flag
has been maintained, and that> generally, our
ships of war have been distinguished for their
good discipline and order. I am happy to add,
that the display of maritime force which was re-
quired by the events of the summer, has been
made wholly within the usual appropriations for
the service of the year, so that no additional ap-
propriations are required.
The commerce of the United States, and with it
the navigating interest, have steadily and rapidly
increased since the oiganization of our govern-
ment, until, it is believed, we are now second to
but one Power in the world, and at no distant day
we shall probably be inferior to none. Exposed
as they must be, it has been a wise policy" to afford
to these important interests protection with our
ships of war, distributed in the great highways of
trade throughout the world. For more than thirty
years appropriations have been made, and annu-
ally expended, for the gradual increase of our
naval forces. In peace, our navy performs the
important duty of protecting our commerce; and,
in the event of war, will be, as it has been, a most
efficient means of defence.
The successful use oi' steam navigation on the ocean has
been followed by the introduction of war-steameis m gieat
and increasing numbers into the navies of the principal mat-
itime Powers of the vvoiid. A due regard to our own bafety
and to an efficient protection to our large and increasing com-
merce demands a corresponding increase on our pan. No
country has greater facilities lor the construction oi vessels
of tins description than ouis, or csui promise itself gi eater
advantages from their employment. They aie admirably
adapted to the protection of our commerce, to the rapid
transmission of intelligence, arid to tne coast defence. In
pursuance of the wise policy of a gtadual increase of our
navy, large supplies of live oak timber, an*! other materials
lor ship building, have been collected, and -ire now under
shelter and m astute of good pieseivation, while iron steam-
ers can be built with great facility 111 various parts of the
Union. The use ofiron as a material, especially in the con-
struction of steamers, which can entei with safety man) of
the harbors along our coast now inaccessible tove&sels of
greater draught, and the piacucabihty of constructing them
m the interior, stiongly recommends that liberal appiopria-
tions should be made lor this impoitant object. Whatever
may have been our policy in tne earlier stages of the gov-
ernment, when the nation was m its infanc), our shipping
mtei est  and commerce eompaiatively Miiaif, ova ie%ouiccs
limited, our population ^pm.-'e and scarcely extending be-
yond the hunts of the original thirteen States, that policy
must be essentially different now that we have grown from
three to more than twenty millions of people,—that our
commerce, carried 111 our own ships, is found in every sea,
and that our territorial boundaries and settlement* have
been so greatly expanded. Neither our commerce, nor our
long line of coast on tlio ocean and on the lakes, can be
successfully delended a^amst loreign aggression by means
of fortifications alone. Tnese are essential at important
commercial and military points, but our chief reliance lor
this object must be on a well-oigamzed, efficient navy. The
benefits resulting from such a navy aie not confined to the
Atlantic States. The productions ot the interior which
seek a market abroad, are dneclly dependent on the safety
and freedom of our commerce. The occupation of the Ba-
lize below New Orleans by a hostile foice would embarrass,
if not stagnate, the whole export trade of the Mississippi,
and affect the value of the agrieultmal products of the en-
tire valley of that mighty river and its tributaries.
It has never been our policy to maintain large standing
armies m time ot peace. They aie contrary to the gemu«s
of our free institutions, would impose heavy burdens on the
people, and be dangerous to public hbeity. Our reliance for
protection and defence on the land must be mainly on our
citizen soldiers, who will be ever ready, as they ever have
been ready m times past, to rush with alacrity, at the call of
their country, to lier defence. This description ot force,
however, cannot defend oui coast, harbors, and inland seas,
nor protect our commerce on the ocean or the lakes. These
mii'st be protected by our navy.
Considering an increased naval force, and especially of
steam vessels, coirespondmg with ourgiow th and importance
as a nation, and proportioned to tiie increased and increas-
ing naval power of othei nations, of vast importance as re-
gards our safety, and the great ami growing interest-? to be
protected by it, I lecominend the subject to the favoiable
consideration of Congress.
The report of the Postmaster General herewith commu-
nicated, contains a detailed statement of the operations of
his department during the past year. It will be seen that
the income fiom postages will fall short of the expenditures
for the year between one and two millions of dollar,-.. This
deficiency has been caused by the leduetion of the rates of
postage, which was made by the act of the third of March
last. No principle has been more generally acquiesced m
by the people than that this department should sustain itself
by limiting its expenditures to its income. Congress has
never sought to make it a source of revenue for general pur-
poses, except for a short period during the last war with
Great Britain, nor should it ever become a charge on the
general treasury. If Congress shall adheie to this principle,
as I think they'ought, it will be necessary either to curtail
the present mail service, so as to reduce the expenditures,
or so to modify the act of the third of March last as to im-
prove its revenues. The extension of the mail service, and
the additional facilities which will be demanded by the
rapid extension and increase of population on our western
frontier, will not admit of such cuitailmcnt as will material-
ly reduce the present expenditures. In the adjustment of
the tanff of postages the interests of the people demand,
that the lowest rates he adopted which will produce the ne-
cessary revenue to meet the expenditures of the department.
1 invite the attention of Congress to the suggestions of ttie
Postmaster General on this subject, under the belief that
such a modification of the late law may be made as will
yield sufficient revenue without further calls on the treasury,
and with very little change in the piesent rates uf po&idge.
Proper measures have been taken, in pursuance pf the
act of the third of March last, for the establishment of lines
of mail steamers between this and foreign countries. The
importance of this seivice commends itself strongly to favoi-
able consideration.
With the growth of our country, the public business
which devolves on the heads of the several Executive De-
partments has greatly increased. lu some lespects, the dis-
tribution of duties among them seem® to be incongruous,
and many of these might be transferred fiom one to another
with advantage to the public interests. A more auspicious
time for the consideration of this subject by Congress, with
a view to system in the organization of the several depart-
ments, and a more appropriate division of the public busi-
ness, will not piobabty occur.
The most important duties of the State Deportment re-
late to our foreign a/Taiis. By the gieat enlargement oi the
family of nations, the mciease of bur commeice, and the
coiresponding extension of our consular system, the busi-
ness of tins depaitmeot has been greatly increased. In its
piesent organization, many dunes of a domestic nature, and
consisting of details, are devolved on the decretaly Oi State,
which do not appropriately belong to the foreign department
of the government, and may properly be transferred to ,-ome
other department. One of these grows out of the present
suite of the law concerning the Patent Office, which, a few
years since, was a subordinate clerkship, but has become a
distinct bureau of great importance. With an excellent in-
ternal organization, it is. still connected with the State De-
paiimcnt. Jn the transaction of its business, questions of
much impoitance to inventois, and to the community, fre-
quently niise, which, by existing laws, are referred for
decision to a board, of which^t/ie Secretaiv of State is a
member. These questions are legal, and the connexion
which now exists between the State Department and the
Patent Office, may, with great propriety and advantage, be
tiansfened to the Attorney General.
In his la^t annual message to Congress, Mr. Madison in-
vited attention to a proper provision for the Attorney Gen-
eral as an " important improvement m the executive estab-
lishment." This recommendation was lepeated by some
of his successors. The official duties of the Attorney
General have been much increased within a few years,, and
liisv office has become one of <rreat impoitance. His duties
may be still further increased with advantage to the public
interests. As an executive officer, his residence and con-
stant attention at the seat of government arc required.
liCiral questions involving important principles, and Lugo
amounts of public money, are constantly referred to him by
the President and executive departments for Ins examina-
tion and decision. The public business under his official
management before the judiciary has been -o augmented by
the extension of our territory, and the act* of Congress au-
thorizing suits against the United States foi laige bodies of
valuable public lands, as greatly to increase his labors and
responsibilities. I therefore recommend that the Attorney
General be placed on the same footing with the heads of the
other executive departments, with such subordinate officers,
provided by law for his department, as may be required to
discharge the additional duties which have been or may be
devolved upon him.
Congress possess, the power of exclusive legislation over
the District of Columbia; and I commend the interests of
its inhabitants to your favorable consideration. The people
of this District have no legislative body of their own, and
must confide their local as well as their general interests to
representatives in whose election they have no voice, and
over whose official conduct they have no control. Each
member of the National Legislature should consider him-
self as their immediate representative, and should he the
more ready to give attention to their interests and wants,
because lie is riot responsible to them. 1 recommend that
alibeial and generous spirit may characterize your mea-
sures in relation to them. I shall be ever disposed to show
a proper regaul for their wishes; and, within constitutional
limits, shall at all times cheerfully co-operate with you for
the advancement of their welfare.
I ,<st it may not be deemed inappropriate to the occa-
sion for me to dwell for a moment on the memory of the
most eminent citizen of our country, who, dutmg the sum-
mer that is gone by, has descended to the tomb. The en-
joyment of contemplating, at the advanced age of near four
score years, the happy condition of Ins country, cheered the
Iut,t hours of Andrew Jackson, who depaited this life in the
tranquil hope of a blessed immortality. His death was
happy, as his life had been eminently useful. lie had an
uniaUi-ring confidence in the vntue and capacity of the
people, and in the permanence of that fiee Government
which he had largely contiibuted to establish and defend.
His great deeds had secuied to him the ahecuons of his
fellow-citizen^, and it was his happiness to witness tho
Ciowth and glory of his country which he loved so well.
He departed amidst the benedictions of millions of freemen.
The nation paid its tribute to lus memory at his tomb.
Coming generations will learn from his example the love of
country and the rights of man. In his language on a simi-
lar occasion to the present, "I now commend "you, fellow-
citizens, to the guidance of Almighty God, with a full re-
liance on His merciful providence for the, maintenance of
our free institutions; and with an earnest supplication, that
whatever errors it may be my lot to commit m di«char-
ffins the arduous duties whi^h have devolved on me, will
find a remedy in the harmony and wisdom of your coun-
SC JAMES K. POLK.
W *.siiimgton, December % 1845.
After considerable time had been spent in the
reading—
Mr. SEVIER moved that the further reading;
be dispensed with. And the motion was agreed
to.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT,
Ordered, That thirty-five hundred copies of the
message, and fifteen hundred copies of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents, in addition to
the usual number, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
