14
EHE CONGRESSIONAL ■ GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
Itttion and amendment. They were read accord-
ingly. .
He also sent up,-to- be read at the Clerk s
table, a pamphlet, purporting to be ap'Offer on
the part of some individual or individuals to ex-
ecute the -printing of Congress at tweaty-fivs or
thirty-three-and one third per cent, reduction
from the present rates.
Some moments wer.e occupied in the. reading;
and, it not being concluded,
.< Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi,objected to
the further reading, as all the members of- the
House, he presumed, had had it laid upon, their
desks.'
Mr. DA VIS insisted upon its reading, and that
the gentleman's objection, in order to be effect-
ual, should have been made-before the reading
commenced.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved to suspend the
reading of the.paper.
Mr. DAVIS thereupon said that he would not
insist on having the rest of it read, inasmuch, as
the offer had been stated. He would now offer a
few words in reply to the speech of the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, [M*V Bayly.] That
honorable gentleman was, he believed, a politician
of the strict construction school, and. hewould do
the gentleman the justice to adtXHl'that in general
he adhered with great strictness and tenacity to
the'faith. Now, he would ask that gentleman to
say whether he wanted a Government press as an
appendage to the Government of the United
States? Under whatclause of the Constitution,
or under which of the resolutions;of 1798, did he
find the authority for such an adjunct? The
gentleman, he had no doubt, had adopted his
political principles in good faith, and professed
them with perfect candor and full belief, and in
Ins general course went for carrying them out
into action; but he would ask the gentleman
whether, in the present instance, he was not a
hide departing1 from his own creed ?
Mr. McDOWELL here interposed to ask the
floor for a moment to make a report.
And the floor having been yielded by Mr.
Davis for that purpose,
Mr. McDOWELL, from the joint committee
uppointed to wait on the President of the United
States and inform him that Congress had assem-
bled, that a quorum has been formed in each
House, and that Congress is ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make, re-
ported that the joint committee had discharged
the duties assigned, it, and that the President
would make a communication to the two Houses
of Congress forthwith.
Mr. DAVIS resumed. He would again turn
to the gentleman from Virginia, and would ask
him to review his principles, and look at the con-
sistency of throwing his acknowledged ability
and influence in favor of fixing on the Govern-
ment a Government press. The gentleman rep-
resented Accomac. Could the House forget that
the gentleman's predecessor (Mr. Wise) had
been a leader m pressing on the very object pro-
posed to be effected by the amendment? Yes,
that gentleman's "illustrious predecessor" was
the first man Mr. Davis had ever heard raise his
voice in favorof separating the Governmentfrom
the political press of the country.
RECEPTION OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Here Mr. Davis was interrupted by the ap-
pearance at the bar of the President's Private
Secretary with the annual executive message,
which was received and read.
The reading of the message (which consumed
an hour and fifty minutes) having been con-
cluded,
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, moved that the
message do lie on the tabic, and that the usual
number of copies thereof be printed.
IVlr. CHAPMAN also moved the previous
question.
Mr. BflODHEAD sent to the table to have
read the following resolution:
Itcsokcd, That the message of the President of the
United !?uto> be referied to tiie Committee ot the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that fifteen thousand copies
with and twenty thousand without the accompanying
document^ be printed for the use of the House, and that
the punting lit* done by the printers to be hereafter
elected.
Mi. CHAPMAN accepted this as a modifica-
tion of his motirn; and
Th   pu'vious q>iHsuon was then seconded, put,
and carried; and, under its; operation the resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Brobhead, and accepted
by Mr. Chaeman as a modification of his motion,
was -agreed to.
, PUBLIC PEINTEK.
The SPEAKER then announced that the ques-
tion recurred oh the motion of Mr. Bayly, that
the House proceed to the' election of Public
Printer, and on the amendment thereto proposed
by Mr. Garrett Dayis, which were under con-
sideration when the message of the'President was
received.
Mr. G. DAVIS, who was entitled to the floor,
said that at this late hour of the day (it was three
o'clock p. m.) he felt reluctance at "resuming his
argument, and would .therefore move that the
House adjourn.
And thereupon the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 3,1845.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he believed it was not
usual to read this report. He therefore moved
that it be laid on the table, and that five thousand
copies be printed; which motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report from the Treasurer of the United
States, communicating copies of the Treasurer's
accounts; which was laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT then announced that
petitions were in order; but on the suggestion of
Mr. EVANS, who stated that it was not usual
to call for>petitions until after the appointment of
the committees,
The VICE PRESIDENT proceeded to calf for
the order of the day.
Mr. CAMERON laid on the table the memorial
of Joseph Nock, of the city of Philadelphia, pray-
ing compensation for loss sustained inconsequence
of the annulment of his contract for supplying the
Post Office Department with mail locks and keys.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Bref.se yesterday, was then taken up for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That so much of the thirty-fourth rule as re-
quires the appointment of the several standing committees
by ballot at the present session be suspended, and that the
appointment be made by the President of the Senate.
Mr. BRESSE said he understood that there
were some objections to this resolution, and as
the Senate was not full he would move that for
the present it be passed over.
The resolution was therefore passed over.
TREATY oi DANCING RABBIT CREEK.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Speight, was then taken up, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States cause
to be laid before the Senate, at as early a day as practi-
cable, the report of the board of commissioners appointed in
pursuance of the act of Congress of the 23d August, 1842,
entitled "An act to provide lor the satisfaction of claims
arising under the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dauc-
ing Rabbit Creek, concluded in September, 1830,55 em-
bracing the testimony on which the claims arising under
said treaty have been allowed, together with the amount
of scrip requisite to satisfy the same, distinguishing the
amount already issued.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The following; resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Allen, was taken up, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That in addition to the copies of the Pres-
ident's message and accompanying documents hitherto
ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate, there be
punted for the use of the Senate twenty-five thousand
copies of the. message, together with so much of the ac-
companying documents as relates to the negotiations
between the United States and Great Britain on the subject
of the Oregon Territory.
FORT ON SHIP ISLAND.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies one day on the table:
Resolved 9 That the President of the United States cause
to be communicated to the Senate, at as early a day as
practicable, such information as he may possess, or may
speedily obtain, with respect to the practicability and
utility of.i fort or fort-son Ship Island,on the coast of Mis-
sissippi, with a view to the piotection of said coast.
On motion of Mr. Evans,
The-Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 3,1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. Asa Koggs, member-elect from North Car-
olina, appeared, was qualified, and took hisseat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The "SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following executive communications:
1. From the Secretary of the Treasury, being
the annual report oil tiie state of the iinances.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the report be laid
on the table and printed.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that one hun-
dred additional copies be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department. Agreed to.
Arid then the motion to prtnt,asamet ded, was
agreed to.
2. Prom the Treasurer of the United Stales,
containing copies of his accounts with the United
States for the third and fourth quarters of 1844,
and first and secorfd quarters of 1845, as adjusted
and settled by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department according to law.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
3. Prom the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, stating that tn obedience to the order of
the House of Representatives of the 25th of Feb-
ruary last, directing him to demand and to receive
from engravers all plates heretofore ordered fttid
paid for by the House, he had called upon at! en-
gravers who had been employed by the House,
and that they had promptly delivered up'the
plates, amounting in number to one hundred and
fifty, which, in pursuance of said order, he had
placcd in the Library of the House.
Laid on the table,and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was tiie resolution offered yester-
day by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] providing that the House do now proceed
to tiie election of a Printer for the Tweiity-Niiiih
Congress. And the pending question was on the
following amendment heretofore offered by Mr.
Gr. Davis:
Strike out all after the word "Resolved," and insert thed
words " that a committee of five be apjjoimed to let tiie
punting of til is House to the 3o*ve?t bidder, after sen days'
advertisement in the newspapers primed lathis ciiv ; the
person or persons to whom it may be let feeing required to
give bond, wail sufficientseeBrttj',fortisejiMper execatioti
Of the work f and tlic nere^orv prirftieg fn tUe mean tim*
the Clerk of this House is required to nave done by ihe
printers for tiie last House."
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, who was entitled t©
the floor, rose to proceed in the remarks com-
menced by him yesterday, when
Mr. POLLOCK asked Mr. Davis to yield the
floor for a moment, to enable him to move a reso-
lution, which he sent to the table.
Mr. DAVIS said he would do so if it would
occasion no debate, and lie did not lose his right
to the floor.
Several members objected to the introduction of
the resolution out of regular order.
Mr. TiBBATTS then asked his colleague to
suffer him to present a paper which he held in his
hand, and which he said was of importance to
their own State, (Kentucky.)
Mr. DAVIS said he would do so, if by so doing
he did not forfeit his right to the floor.
Mr. HOPKINS objected to any conventional
agreement between members as to the coorse of
the business of the House.
The SPEAKER. If the genteman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] yields to his colleague for
any purpose whatever he must do it uncondi-
tionally.
| Mr. DAVIS. Then I do not yield to the
| request of ray colleague.
i 'l'*16 House thereupon resumed the unfinished
j business; and
: ^r; DAVIS proceeded with his remarks.
, He said that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
, Bayslt] had attempted to involve him in some
j degree of inconsistency in the effort he was
i now making to purify to some degree the pub-
, lie press of the country by separating it from
; all connection with tiie patronage of the Gov-
i ernment, and to have the printing of Congress
| executed at as low rates as practicable; and the
, gentleman had seen proper to stigmatize Mr.
; Davis's earnestness in behalf of these objects
