CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
as a " new-born zeal." In reply to such an impu-
tation, he wished now to present to the House a
few facts.
In the session of Congress of 1839-'40 he had
first been honored with a seat on this floor: during
the first session of that Congress earnest, repeated,
and persevering efforts had been made on the part
of the "Whig members to separate the Government
from all connexion with the political press of the
country, and all those efforts had received the sup-
port of Mr. D.'s votes and the votes of his politi-
cal friends, but had as regularly and unanimously
been opposed by the gentleman from "Virginia and
his political associates. All these attempts at
economy and at the purification of the public press
had rfeceived the most cordial and unanimous sup-
port of the Whig party; but they had been as zeal-
ously opposed, not by those who were then the
gentleman's political friends, but by those who
now were so; for the gentleman from Accomac
had not always stood where he now did; but his
history, which was not an uninteresting one, would
show that at that time the honorable gentleman
ranked himself as a "Whig.
[Mr. Bayly here interposed to assure the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he was entirely mis-
taken.]
Mr. Davis. At all events, the gentleman stood
in opposition to the Democratic party.
[Mr. Bayly again assured Mr. D. that he la-
bored under a great mistake.]
Mr. Davis said, if so, he must have been very
extensively misinformed, for he had certainly un-
derstood that the gentleman, in some of his politi-
cal perigrinations m Ohio, had made open war on
the Democratic party, and especially on the typo-
graphical organ of that party at Richmond, on
whom this same gentleman had yesterday pro-
nounced one of the most extravagant eulogies Mr.
D. had ever listened to in his life.
At the same session of Congress, when the civil
and diplomatic bill was under consideration, Mr.
D. had made several unsuccessful efforts to accom-
plish the same object of separating the political
press from the patronage of Government, and to
have the public printing executed at lower rates,
by giving it out on contract to the lowest bidder:
in all of these he hud been always sustained by the
Whigs, and always voted down by the political
party who then constituted a majority, and who
were now the friends of the gentleman.
At the next Congress it happened that the ta-
bles were turned, and the Whigs were in the ma-
jority. Mr. D. was again a member, and the
same identical proposition was made which he now
advocated, to separate the press from the pa-
tronage of Government, and to reduce the prices
paid for printing by the two Houses. In the Sen-
ate a resolution was introduced to reduce the
rate 20 per cent.; a similar proposition was put
forth in the House, and it received Mr. D. 's vote.
The Whig party having now a majority in both
branches of the Legislature, Mr. D. had applied
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, then Mr. Fillmore, of New York, to pre-
sent propositions to this effect, as amendments to
the civil and diplomatic bill, and they were car-
ried.' It was to this particular measure, viz: the
reduction of the price of printing for the depart-
ments, and the letting of it out to the lowest bid-
der, and not to a general reduction, that he had
referred in his remarks yesterday, a portion of
which had been somewhat misunderstood by the
reporters. The department printing was now
let out to competent practical printers, and a
saving of at least fifty per cent, on the prices pre-
viously paid was effected.
But the gentleman from Virginia insisted that
Mr. D. was inconsistent in his course, because,
after voting to reduce the price of printing 20 per
cent, he had afterward voted to restore it to its
original rate as fixed by the law of 1819 ; and the
course of the gentleman's remarks on this subject
called on Mr. D. for an explanation of his final
action on that matter. On the last night of the
27th Congress the Senate had voted to amend the
civil and diplomatic bill by inserting the follow-
ing:
"Provided, That nothing in any resolution of
' either House of Congress shall prevent the settle-
' ment and payment of the bills for printing of the
' two Houses of Congress agreeably to the prices
< established by the joint resolution of March 3d,
'1819."
When this amendment came to the House for
concurrence Mr. D had voted against it. The
bill was returned with the non-concurrence of the
House in that amendment, when a committee of
conference was requested, and at ten o'clock at
night, while that important bill was still pending,
Mr. D. had attended as one of the committee on
the part of the House, and, after discussion in
the committee, he had at length reluctantly given
his assent to the amendment. He had done so in
order to save the bill, which must otherwise have
been lost. He felt great reluctance and misgiving
at the time; he believed he was not doing right:
but then he reflected that the loss of so import-
ant a bill would have been a still greater evil than
the restoration of this twenty per cent, on the
public printing. Supposing, however, that he
was wrong in giving such a vote, and he now ad-
mitted that he was wrong in doing so, did that
justify the opposition of the gentleman now, when
the same exigency did not exist, to a measure in-
tended to effect the same and even a greater saving
than would then have been effected ? It had been
announced on the floor of the other House that in
all party conflicts " to the victors belonged the
spoils. Mr. D. had not understood the honor-
able gentleman as giving in his adhesion to that
most infamous and piratical sentiment. Until
within some ten or fifteen years past such a doc-
trine never had been heard of; and who had intro-
duced it?—yes, who had introduced it? Not the
Whigs. They might justly use the challenge of
Macbeth to Banquo's ghost, "Shake not thy
gory locks at me; thou canst not say I did it."
Who did? The "Democracy." It was they
who had introduced the shameless maxim ; and it
was they who were responsible for the conse-
quences of its subsequent practical adoption by
both parties. It was this detestable maxim that
had proved the fruitful source of wide and over-
spreading corruption. Yes, if there ever was a
principle which, reduced to practical action, was
calculated to sap the very foundations of our civil
polity and overturn the Government and the Con-
stitution, it was this principle of the spoils. Con-
trast this and its progeny with the policy and the
practice under the Administration of the venera-
ble and illustrious gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams.] That pure but much calumniated
man had removed but two public officers during
his whole term of office, and in both cases for
cause, and such cause as would have furnished
justifiable ground of impeachment. Mr. D. ad-
verted to his Administration with 'a just pride; he
held it up to the gaze of the world, and especially
would he commend it to the imitation of the gen-
tleman and his friends for its unstained purity, its
incorruptible patriotism. So long as that Admin-
istration held the reins of power, such a thing as
the spoils system had not come into being. But
how was it now ? What a spectacle of unblush-
ing open venality offended the view—lazaroni
coming in troops, flocking up from all the borders
of the land to this city for plunder; yes, for pub-
lic plunder! Men entered the public service from
no spirit of patriotism, without even a thought of
benefiting the country, but in the spirit of so
many pu-ates and freebooters, publicly robbing on
the high seas.
He called upon the gentleman from Virginia,
and on all on both sides of the House, to aid him
in getting rid of that corrupting pati'onage which
debased the public press and converted it into the
tool of a fkc.ti.on. Let us abolish, let us utterly
disannul the spoil principle. Let the reproach be
no longer heard by gentlemen that'' the cohesive
principle of the spoils was all that held the Demo-
cratic party together." Such a reproach had been
uttered; and by one who, he supposed, was en-
titled to speak from an intimate knowledge of the
principles which actuated the party.
At the first session of the last Congress a la-
mented member of this House from the gentle-
man's own State (the late Mr Gilmer) had intro-
duced a proposition having the same end in view
with the amendment Mr. D.had now offered, viz:
the severance of the patronage of Government from
the public press, and Mr. D. had given it his vote.
It came from a Virginian, and from a Democrat;
it was right; it commended itself to Mr. D.'s con-
science, and he gave it his cordial support. Yet
the gentleman charged Mr. D. with inconsistency;
talked about his " new-born zeal," and professed
at the same time great approbation of the object of
the amendment. The gentleman, too, wanted to
separate the Government from the press: then what
was his objection to this proposition for that veiy
object? Why, the mode of pursuing the object
was not the right mode, and the time was not the
right time; the whole measure was precipitate.
Well, if so, then Mr. D. would commend it to the
ability and to the influence with the majority,
which all would concede to the gentleman, and he
would ask him to propose some plan of his own.
If he would bring forward any feasible practicable
plan for divorcing the Government from the pub-
lic press, and for reducing the expense of the pub-
lic printing, he would vindicate more effectually
his own consistency, and would be in a better po-
sition to make an attack upon Mr. D.
The gentleman liked the principle of the amend-
ment. Oh yes ! but then the House would be left
without a printer. Not so; the amendment ex-
pressly provided against that difficulty: however,
more effectually to obviate that objection, Mr. D.
would modify his amendment. [He modified it
accordingly, so as to allow twenty days' notice
before letting, and allowing the Clerk discretion in
the meanwhile to get the necessary printing ex-
ecuted.
Now, if the amendment in this form shall pre-
vail, who would get the printing in the meanwhile?
Who would get it? Did he not know that it would
be given to that very friend of his on whom he had
pronounced so lofty a panegyric ?
Mr. D. would now once more ask the honora-
ble gentleman wiiether he wanted a press sustained
by the Government ? Did the gentleman believe
that a press so sustained could be pure ? If he did,
the gentleman was possessed of a degree of cre-
dulity for which Mr. D. had never given him
credit. The gentleman had adverted to the char-
acter of the National Intelligencer, and had ad-
mitted that, with great ability, it united as much
political honesty as could be fouud in any other
public print. In that commendation Sir. D.
heartily concurred; and he would add, that of dig-
nity, truth, decorum, and patriotism, that noble
and ancient journal had more than an ordinary
share. He could not say so much for any public
print which had been edited by the gentleman's
so highly-lauded ft lend of the Richmond Enquirer.
Had the gentleman forgotten the sentiments once
put forth by that veteran and most unchangeable
of politicians? Who was it that once said, "We
' cannot consent to lend a hand toward the elec-
' tion of such a man as Andrew Jackson ?" The
Richmond Enquirer. Who declared that it
" would deprecate his election as a curse upon
our country?" The Richmond Enquirer. Who
was it that had warned the nation that " on any
' great crisis Andrew Jackson would convert the
' whole country into one great camp, and would
'reduce almost everything under martial law?"
The Richmond Enquirer. Who had once said,
" We can commend General Jackson's modesty
' in retiring from the Senate and the Bench, when
' he discovered the superior qualifications of other
' people. Can we say as much for his modesty,
' when he is now aspiring to the highest office m
' this nation?" Who held such language respect-
ing the " old Roman ?" The Richmond Enquirer.
Who was it that announced to the country that
Andrew Jackson was " too little of a statesman,
' too rash, too violent in his temper, his measures
' too much inclined to arbitrary government, to
' obtain the humble support of the editor of this
'paper?" Ay, who (he asked) was it that ut-
tered, with warning voice, this solemn truth ? It
was the Richmond Enquirer. What print had
asked , " what kind of a President would this great
' civilian make ? A gentleman who cannot inter-
' pret the plain expression of one law; and yet who
' would be called upon to administer all the laws
' of the land. One whose ideas are so purely
' military, that he would transmute a traitor into
' a spy; or would punish treason, not by civil
' courts, but by a court martial?" Whose warn-
ing voice uttered this denunciation of the legal
and juridical acquirements of the Chief Magistrate
of this Union, and such an estimate of the man
whose military achievements "filled the measure
of his country's glory?" The Richmond En-
quirer. Who opposed the sub-treasury, and de-
nounced it? The Richmond Enquirer. Ay, and
who, after all this, turned short round, and "lauded
this same Andrew Jackson as the " old Roman,"
worshipped him as a demi-god, and, without a
