THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED. AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1845.
New Series....No. 2.
tain this request "was that of the very men who are
now proposing to save so much money by execu-
ting the work for so much less. These very men
—one of them, at least, to his (Mr. B.'s) know-
ledge—went before the committee, and testified
that, unless the former rates were restored, the
public printer would be ruined. And yet these
very men, who thus testified before die committee,
in the case of Gales & Seaton, that, unless the old
rates w.ere restored, the public printer would be
ruined, now come before the House, and propose
to do it at a reduction of twenty-five per cent.
Did any man in the House—would any man in
the uation—be so credulous as to believe that these
men really believed that the present rates of com-
pensation were so extravagant as they affected to
represent that they were? They had involved
themselves in this dilemma: either their memorial
is untrue, or the testimony they gave in the case
of Gales & Seaton was untrue. His own belief
was, that both propositions were made purely for
political effect, lie trusted the House was bold
enough to resist all such attempts. He believed
the people of the country were sufficiently well
informed to understand the motives and object of
all such attempts.
Yesterday, the Honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky informed the House that he was a stridt con-
structionist, and asked him (Mr. B.) in what part
of the constitution of the United States, or m the
resolutions of 593, could be found the power to es-
tablish a political press. When he (Mr. B.) made
such a proposition, it would be time enough for
him to look up that clause of the constitution
which justified such a procedure. He hud not
proposed to establish, by government patronage, a
political press. All that he proposed was, that that
law should be adhered to which had regulated the
public printing from the days of "Washington to
the present time—even under the pure administra-
tion, as the gentleman characterized it, of the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts. It was not
necessary for him to defend a proposition winch he
had never made, and which he-assured the gentle-
man from Kentucky he never would make. But
if, hereafter, under any political hallucination, he
should attempt to make a proposition for the estab-
lishment of a government press, he supposed he
couhlfindintheconstitutionthepowertodo so just
as readily as he could the power to open*canals, to
constructrailroads, or to charter corporations. The
same latitude of construction which justified these
measures, justified the establishment of a govern-
ment press. The honorable gentleman had under-
taken to remind him that he ^v,as from the Accomac
•district, and that his-(Mr. B.'s) illustrious predcccs-
£or was one of the foremost in this reform. The
honorable gentleman thus seemed to admonish him
to be Careful how he departed from the footsteps of
that predecessor. He believed that the honorable
gentleman himself came from the Lexington dis-
trict; and perhaps it might sound strangely in his
cars that the district which he (Mr. B.) represented
cxpccted him to think for himself. Pe/haps he
[Mr. D.] took it Tor granted that m Accomac dis-
trict, as in some others, the representative of the
people was not permitted to exercise his own free
judgment, but was bound to follow in the footsteps
of illustrious predecessors, [a laugh.] As he be-
lieved, that district winch he had the honor to rep-
resent never disgraced itself in sending to that
House swell a shackled representative. But the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, not satisfied
with giving him an illustrious predecessor, whose
political course he was bound to follow with im-
plicit faith, had proceeded farther, and, in an effort
to parry the charge of inconsistency which he had
fastened upon lum, attempted to charge him (Mr.
B.) with political inconsistency. He, (Mr. B.,)
in convicting the gentleman from Kentucky of an
inconsistency pertinent to the subject before the
Hoiiise, had only had occasion to refer to his vote,
standing on the records of the House, in order to
show that, although now declaiming so violently
about extravagant expenditures for the public
printing,.he had actually been guilty of voting
money out of the public treasury as a,-gratuity to
partisan editors. The gentleman might take either
horn of the dilemma; it \vr*s perfect: he might
choose the one or the other. He (Mr. B.) would
leave to the country the decision as to which of
them had taken the course most likely to corrupt
the purity of the press—he, who was only adhering
to tne system which had unifoimly prevailed un-
der the law, or the gentleman from Kentucky, who
voted large gratuities to partisan editors. When-
£\er he (Mi. B.) should be convicted of voting
gratuities to party editors, then he would indeed
deserve to be branded as guilty of seeking to cor-
rupt the party press. But the gentleman did not
choose to confine himself to accusations of incon-
sistency in reference merely to the question before
the House: he had travelled out of the record, as
the lawyers say, in order to inform the House that,
m 1840, he (Mr. B.) was a Whig, and had, at one
period, made Wing speeches in Ohio. He told the
gentleman that he was totally misinformed. He
disliked the appearance of vanity—the egotism
which speaking of himself implied. The remark
of the gentleman, however, made it necessary to
give a formal contradiction of his statements. ^Fhe
first vote that he (Mr. B.) had ever given in his
life was for General Jackson, in 1832, against the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts. [A
member—Sir. Clay.] He thanked his colleague
for the correction: it was against the Ma^mis Ap-
pollo of Kentucky that he had cast his vote in fa-
vor of General Jackson.
Mr. DAVIS. May I ask the gentleman a ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, if the gentleman admits
it, and it be m explanation.
Mr. BAYLY. I am ready to hear the question.
Mr. OA VIS. F ask the gentlonan, then, wheth-
er he did not vote for General Harrison ?
Mr. BAYLY. I believe I can answt, r thai ques-
tion to your satisfaction. In lcoG, the competi-
tors for the presidency were Murrin Van Lhiren,
hi ugh L. White, and Win. H. Hamsun. I be-
| heved that Judge White was as good a republican
as Mr. Van Buren. Both were against the bank;
both were against internal nnpio\tments. j udge
White denied the power of Congress to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia. Mr. Van
Buren, although he repudiated the propriety of
exercising the power, admitted its existence; and
in that contest, I voted m the State of Virginia,
and supported Judge White for the presidency,
and cast my vote for him, against General Har-
rison.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, may 1 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Virginia :>-ive way for explanation?
Mr. DAVIS. "May 1 thai ask the gentleman
whether he addressed any Whig meetings m Oh,:o ?
Mr- BAYLY. During my peregrinations m
Ohio—not political peregrinations, for I was at-
Tending to private business—it happened that I
was called on to make a speech at Columbus, on
occasion of the great Whig festival there: and
with that invitation I complied. [Laughter.] "Well,
gentlemen may laugh; but let me tell them what
was the purport of my speech on that occasion.
Did I recommend or advocate any of the Federal
measures of the gentleman from Kentucky ; No,
sir. And I never shall forget that my denuncia-
tions of abolitionism, and the general tone and
tenor of my speech were conaidcicd so very -.nal
apropos by the Whig leaders, that they were very
glad to get clear of me. [I?enew«d laughter.] And,
sir, although I had some little reputation then as a
public speaker, yet, after the specimen of my ora-
tory which 1 gave them on that occasion, and not-
withstanding they were hard ru;i for speakers, 1
can assure you that they did not afterwards honor
me with any mvitaiions'tG address Whig meetings.
[Laughter.] And, let roe here add, sir, that for
the activity with which I opposed the election of
General Ffarnson, I was visited with a bitterness of
denunciation perhaps rarely heaped on any other
man. I was then, as now, in the Accomac dis-
trict, and it was then the boasted banner district
of the Union. It was precisely at that dark hour
that, in that district, T was most activc in main-
taining the great State-rights and Democratic prin-
ciples to which I have ever been, and I trust I ever
shall be, devotedly attached. Of the part taken
by mc m the hist contest, it is not for me to
speak. It is enough to say I never gave a Federal
vote. I never maintained a Federal principle. 1
have never failed, to the utmost of my ability, to
maintain the principles which distinguish the De-
mocracy of Virginia.
Thus, (Mr. B. continued,) the gentleman from
Kentucky, from that brief recapitulation of his
humble political career—the necessity for which
he regretted—could judge whether he had been
well informed win n ho said that, at any time, he
(Mr. B.) had been an active Whig. His colleague,
the "lone sta * of the State," as lie was called,
[Mr. Pkxdleton,]—(a laugh)—could sustain him
m all that he had stated relative to lus pa^t public
life. He advised the gentleman from Kentucky,
whenever he wished to get informed of his (Mr.
B.s) conduct m his own district, to make that
the scene of his inquiries. There could readily
be ascertained the opinion entertained of his politi-
cal career.
The gentleman from Kentucky had been pleased
to go on and say that, although m profession he
(Mr. B.) was o2 posed to what he called the spoils
system, yet he was actually co-operaung with the
spoils party—with the party that introduced the
infamous system. That was too stale a subject to
require particular notice. Tiie truth and justice of
such an accusation were suificiently known to the
eauntry. If ever there was a paity that indecently
practised that system, it was the very party to
wludi the gentleman was himself attached. What
was the coui se of General Harrison, \v hen he came
into powei ? Did not all the honorable gentlemen
,! in fh.it Horse recoiled rl-e boasts—yes, absolutely
'| the boasts—of prescription made on that lloor by
! j a member of his cabinet? Did they not know that
tlmre were more victims made of Democrats in the
'i one short month of Gen. Harrison's admmistra-
I1 tion than were sicrificed during the whole term of
Mr. Van Euren? How was the fact now? The
gentleman complained of Democratic proscription;
but, as he (Mr. B.) was credibly in fumed, a ma-
jority of the office-holders in "Washington at this
day were Whigs; and how had they got into office ?
The House would not fail to recollect, that the
Democratic party has been in the ascendency ever
.since 1801—with the exception of a short interval
duiing the administration of the venerable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and a portion of the
term of General Harrison, if the Democratic
party had been as proses iptive as was represented
—if the members <>f that party were Mich unprin-
cipled spoilsmen as they were accused of being by
the gentleman from Kentucky, how did it happen
that there were so many Whig monuments of
Democratic clemency in this very city of Wash-
ington ? This one single fact destroyed all the
violent deehrmritmn, all rhe groundless assertions,
of the gentleman. He (Mr. B.) opposed the fact
to the assertion of the gentleman, and left tiie de-
cision to the country. But there had been another
remark made by the gentleman, in reference to his
(Air. B.'s) inconsistency, which it was proper to
notice. The gentleman had asserted that he (Mr.
B.) had, at one time, denounced the editor of the
Richmond Enquirer, whom he had so highly eu-
logized yesterday. He cared not who was tho
informant of the gentleman; but he knew well that
a word of censure, applied to the private character
rf ibe honorable nam alluded to, never had es-
caped his lips. True, he had had occasion to differ
from him on political grounds. He differed from
him cn the sub-treasury question, when first pro-
posed; and on other questions ho had entertained
ditibrcnt opinions from the venerable gentleman:
but never one syllable of censure had escaped his
hps. In his humble opinion, a purer man than
the late editor of the Enquirer did not breathe. In
his opinion, he was at all events as pure—as ele-
vated above all selfish and ignoble motives—as
earnestly devoted to principle—as the editors of
the National Intelligencer, on whom the gentleman
from Kentucky, notwithstanding his great dislike
