1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
tucky [Mr. Davis] were not the same individ-
uals who testified., before a committee of the
House of the 27th Congress, so as to authorize
that Congress to vote, as they did vote, at the
close of the session, §40,000 extra as a bonus to
Gales &Seaton?
Mr. BAYLY replied that he was authorized to
say they were the same persons.
Mr. SCX-JENCK, of Ohio, called for the read-
ing, previous to proceeding to the election, of a
proposition now on the Speaker's table from J. E.
Dow & Co., on the subject of printing.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication:
Washington, December 3, 1845.,
Sir : We propose to do the printing of the House
of Representatives for the twenty-ninth Congress
for forty per cent, le^s than the joint resolution of
Congress of 1819, or twenty per cent, less than the
prices paid at the last session of Congress. We
will do such printing as may be necessary at once
for twenty per cent, less than the prices paid at the
iast Congress. JESSE E. DOW <& CO.
To the Hon. J. W. Davis,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
We certify that Messrs. J. E. Dow & Co. have
the means within their reach to perform the above
bid without delay.
J. & G. S. GIDEON,
Printers, Ninth street, Washington,
Mr. HOUSTON said-he understood that during
the last Congress a reduction had been made from
the rates of 1819 to the printer of the House of
Representatives., and that the Intelligencer being
the printer of the Senate, no reduction had there
been made, but that that establishment had received
the rates of 1819. He wished to know whether
the gentlemen (Messrs. Fisk & Dow) proposed to
make the reduction of twenty per cent, from the
rates paid by the Senate or by the House during
the last Congress ?
[Cries of (e Call the roll. No debate."]
Mr. SCHENCK, of Ohio, in reply to Mr.
Hottston, stated that the proposition read to the I
House was plain* viz; to execute the printing' at a
reduction of forty per cent, from the rates of 1819,
or (as an alternative offer) at a reduction of twenty
per cent, from the prices paid by the last Congress.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
question of order. He asked if this debate was in
order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is not
in order.
Mr. THOMPSON. I object to it.
The SPEAKER nominated as Tellers Messrs.
Bayly of Virginia, G. Davis of Kentucky, and
Hungerford of New York.
The Tellers having taken their places at the
Clerk's table, the House proceeded to vote on the
nominations as above given.
And the roll of members having been called over
by the Clerk, and each,member, upon the calling
of his name, having answered w ith the name of
the person or persons for whom he voted—
The Tellers made the following report:
Whole number of votes cast.. 198
Of which, necessary to a choice : . 100
Messrs. Ritchie & Heiss received 123
Messrs. Fisk & Dow 69
Messrs. Jefferson <fe Co.... 2
Messrs. Gales & Seaton 4
The following is the vote m detail:
For Ritchie Heiss—Abbott, Stephen Adams,
Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger, Benton,
Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, Bowhn,
Boyd, Brinkcrhoff, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Colin, Con-
stable, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel,
De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dun-
lap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin,
Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley,
Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, -Hopkins, Hough, Geo.
S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, James H. John-
son, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Lumpkin, Ma-
el ay, McClean, McClelland, McClernand, Mc-
Cormell, McCrate, McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse. Moul-
ton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Per-
rill, Perry, Pettit, Price. Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Rit-
ter, Russell, Sawtelie, Sawyer, Scammon, Sed-
don, A. D. Sims, Leonard fJ. Simms, Simpson,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, St, John, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Ticart-
way? Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Woodward,
Wilmot, Woodworth, Yell, and Yost—123.
For Jesse E. Dow 8? Co.■—'Abbott, J. Q,. Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Blan-
chard, M. Brown, Burlington, Burts William W.
Campbell, J. ff. Campbell, Cocke, Collamer,
Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Ddrragh, Delano, Dix-
on, Dockery, Foot, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Grider, Grmnell, Hampton, Harper, Herrick,
Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John W« Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington Hunt, Daniel
P. King, Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Long. Mc-
Gaugliey, McHenry, Mcllvame, "Marsh, Miller,
Moseley,Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Rank, Schenck, Seaman, Sev-
erance, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart,
Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thomasson,-Benj. Thomp-
son, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, White, Wood-
ruff, Wright, Young—69.
For Gales Section—Pendleton, Stephens, Vance,
Winthrop—4.
For Jefferson 8f Co.—Garrett Davis, Albert
Smith—2.
Thereupon the SPEAKER announced, that
Messrs. Ritchie & Hetss, having received a ma-
jority of all the votes cast, wore duly elected print-
ers to the House of Representatives for the 29th
Congress.
SERGEANT~AT-AE;iS.
[ Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the House pro-
ceed to the election of a Sergeant-at-Arms.
Before the question was put on this motion,
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the following resolution :
Resolved, That N. Lane be appointed Sergeant-
at-Arms to this House.
The resolution was read and adopted without
a division.
[Mr. Lane was the Sergeant-at-Arms during
the last Congress.]
DOORKEEPER.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved that Charles S.
Whitney, of Illinois, be appointed Doorkeeper to ;
the House. Agreed to without a division.
[Jesse E. Dow, Esq., the incumbent in the of-
fice of Doorkeeper, declined a re-election.]
POSTMASTER.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House proceed to
the election of a Postmaster. The motion having
been agreed to—
John Morgan Johnson, the present incum-
bent, was nominated by Mr. BAYLY.
Robert Bronaucii, from Missouri, was nomi-
nated by Air. BOWLIN.
A. S. Gammon, of Tennessee, was nominated
by Mr. CULLOM.
W. J. McCormick, formerly and for many years
Postmaster, was nominated by Air. HOLMES, of
South Carolina.
Air. Holmf.s of South Carolina, Air. Bowtjn,
and Mr. Cullom, were appointed tellers.
The roll was called over by the Clerk, and the
result of the vote was as follows:
Whole number of votes   199
Necessary to a choice 100
For John M. Johnson 102
William J. MeCorniick   71
Robert Bronaugh 21
A. S. Gammon   5
So John M. Johnson, the present incumbent,
having received a majority of the whole number of
votes, was declared to be duly elected.
Mr- SYKES, by leave, presented a memorial of
L G. Fart r.t?, contesting the scat of John Runk, '
Esq., returned to serve as a member of this House
for the 29th Congress for the third Congressional
district of New Jersey-.
Laid on the. table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the An-
nual Report from the Clerk of the expenditures of
its contingent fund during the year ending Decem-
ber 1,1845.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 4, 1845.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 14th of
March last, requesting him to report whether any,
and if any, what works and fortifications were ne-
cessary for the defence of Lake Huron and Fort
Gratiot, with an estimate of the cost, enclosing a
report on the subject from the Chief of the Engi-
neer Department.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the communication
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, HANNEGAN submitted the following re-
solution:
Resulted, That the assistant messenger of the
Senate, authorized by resolution of the 2lst of
February, 1845, icceivo a continuance of the pay
of a messenger for his future services in that
capacity, and for iho time ho was so employed at
the executive session of the Senate in Mai eh, 1845.
Mr. HANNEG AN asked for the consideration
of the resolution ai this time, as he presumed there
could be no objection to it.
Mr. EVANS. Xt lies over, of course.
The resolution, therefore, lies one day.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE moved the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by him on Tues-
day;
Resolved, That so imich of the 34th rule as re-
quires th(i appointment of the several standing
I committees by ballot, at the present session be sus-
i ponded; and that the appointment be made by the
i President of the Senate.
; The resolution being under consideration—.
Mr. MANGUM said he had entertained the
, hope that, according to a suggestion which lie had
' made to the honorable Senator from Illinois yes-
i terday, that gentleman might have been induced
! not to persist in pressing this resolution on the
[Senate. In the opposition which he fell himself
j compelled to make to the change proposed by the
I resolution, he desired it to he distinctly understood
that he was influenced by no personal objection to
the action of the present presiding officer in the
appointment of the committees; his ground of ob-
jection being simply this—that the change in-
volves, on our part, an abdication of the legislative
powers of the Senate. He had not had an oppor-
tunity to look into the precedents upon the subject,
which were lying on his table; but the present
case was different from that where the appoint-
ment of the standing committees is devolved on a
President pro tempore, who is an officcr selected
from our own body, and responsible to the Sen-
ate; and should he, by any circumstance*, be in-
duced to abu«o the discretionary power w nh which
he is invested, this body has the power to apply a
remedy. The Vice President, on the other hand,
holds his office as the presiding officer of the Sen-
ate by a very different tenure; and m no degree,
manner, or shape, is he responsible to the Senate
for the course he may take in the discharge of the
trust conferred on him. He was not certain
whether, if the power of appointing the commit-
tees were devolved on the Vice President, their
complexion would not be the same as if they were
appointed by the Senate. Yet, fordeeency'ssake,
he would hope that so high and distinguished an
officer, occupying a station of such responsibility
in the eyes of the people, would not condescend to
have a duty dictated to him, to which no respon-
sibility belonged. Where the appointment of the
committees was eonfidtu to a President proizm.,
he must be supposed sometimes to defer to the
wishes of the body, by the adoption of modifica-
tions and suggestions; and, such being the case,as
ho would necessarily lepresent the sentiments of
the majority of the body, his appointments would
be about the same as would result from hallotings
by the Senaie. But, as far as his own personal
knowledge allowed him to judge, Mr. M. said lie
had never known an instance in which even a
President pro tem. had been dictated to in the for-
mation of committees. And as to having a list
made out and decided on by a niecling of members
of this body belonging to a particular'party, which
t list should govern the course of the Vice President
j iu making the appointments, he could not bring
I himself to the belief that the officer now filling that
■' elevated station wovld ever, for an instant, suff< r
