20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dee. 4
himself to be thus dictated to. In the course of
his own experience, while he had filled the office
of President pro tern., he had never known such
an attempt to be made.
In looking somewhat hastily through the Jour-
nals of the Senate, he had not been able to find that
the power of appointing the committees had ever
be^n conferred on the President before the year
1823. It was afterward exercised by Mr. Cal-
houn, and in other cases where there existed spe-
cial reasons which indicated this course. In 1825
it was exercised by Mr. Calhoun, but so dissatis-
fied was the Senate with the manner in which it
worked, that during that very session the whole
matter was reviewed and the rule rescinded. Thus
things continued until 1827, when Colonel Richard
M. Johnson filled the high station now occupied
by the distinguished gentleman in the chair, and
on him the power was again conferred. But the
reason for this change was, that it was an extra
session of Congress, called for a specific purpose,
and it was not expected that any matters of gen-
eral legislation, requiring the appointment of va-
rious committees, would be brought forward. It
had been called in consequence of the financial
condition of the Treasury; and the object of the
session being specfic and well known, the Senate
had not considered it necessary to ballot for the
committees.
His objection, then, amounted to this: the Sen-
ate, by conferring this power upon an officer who
is not responsible to the body for his acts, would
be, on our part, an abdication of our legislative
powers. Supposeany great and important ques-
tion should arise, while the appointment of the
committees was vested in the Vice President, and
that lie was opposed to the sentiments of the ma-
jority of the Senate: wc should then see the heir-
presumptive thwarting the will of the majority of
the body. Hedid notcare how the Senate might
determine to appoint the committees, but he de-
sired to see the Senate exercisingits constitutional
duties, and to confer them on no one who is not
responsible to this body for his course of action.
Mr. ALLEN, before submitting to the Senate
the few observations he desired to ofFerin reply to
thchonorableSenatorfrom North Carolina, wish-
ed explicitly to state that this resolution had ema-
nated from no caucus of the Democratic members
of this body. It was the dictate of no party—the
emanation, as far as he could judge, of no politi-
cal feeling in the Senate. The-resolution had been
offered by the distinguished and judicious Senator
from Illinois, because that Senator had found, in
his researches into the past action of the Senate,
that a practice in strict conformity to his resolu-
tion had recently prevailed. Having thus said
that the measure proceeded from no concerted
action of^any portion of this body, he would pro-
ceed to make a few remarks in reply to the dis-
tinguished Senator from North Carolina.
In the first place, as to the question of respon-
sibility, which was the first point dwelt on by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina. That
Senator had predicated this branch of his argu-
ment on the idea that the officer who now presides
over this body does notstandin the same relation
of responsibility to the Senate which he would
occupy if temporarily acting arid elected by this
body. To this argument he would answer, that
the icsponsibility of the present presiding officer
is of a much higher character. The responsibility
of the Vice President, itis true, is not to the Sen-
ate, but it is to the Senate's masters—the people
of these United States, by whose voice he fills the
distinguished station which henowoccupies. To
thatfountam of all poluicalauthonty the Vice Pres-
ident owes his responsibility, because from that
source he has received,according to the provision
of the Constitution, the right to preside over the
proceedings of this body. And where is there to
be found a higher responsibility except it be to
Heaven itself, than that which was due to the
American people? It was a responsibility which
operated morecoercively in the presentcase,than
it could on a President elected by this body itself.
It may be said thata President pro Urn., elected
by the Senate itself to preside over Hs delibera-
tions, stands in a more intimate relation to the
body than the Vice President can do,and that he
can be more readily acted on by the Senate in
consequence of the hold which tins body li as upon
him. And that would be a very good argument
if we confine our view to the Senate alone. But
when we consider that the Senate is responsible
to the people for all its acts, and that it i3 to the
same primary source of all power that the Vice
President also is responsible, the argument loses
all its force. Is the action of the Senate confined
to tiie Senate alone ? No; it refers to the original
law-making power,and that embraces the whole
people. The honorable Senator has said there
would be a wantof decency in the exercise of this
power by the Vice President. Wherefore?
Mr. R1ANGUM here explained. He had said
that he could not, for decency's sake, suppose,
or desire to be understood as presuming, that an
officer occupying so distinguished a position in
the Government would suffer himself to be dic-
tated to by any members of a body over which
he constitutionally presided. This was tile pur-
port of his remark, which he did not desire to
have misunderstood.
Mr. ALLEN. Exactly; and it was the best of
all human reasons why that distinguished officer
should have the exercise of this power; because,
as the honorable Senator admits, he will be in a
position to act independently of all dictation. No
stronger reason could be advanced for the adoption
of the course indicated in the resolution. The
very argument of the Senator from North Carolina
makes in favor of the resolution, and not against
it. Were the facts the reverse of what they are—
if the Vice President were more subject to dicta-
tion, the argument of the Senator from North Car-
olina would be a good argument in favor of the
resolution. The political opinions of the Vice
President are understood everywhere to be con-
formable with the political sentiments of a ma-
joiity of this body. The majority is responsible
to the country for the action of the body; and,
standing in this position of responsibility to the
country, the majority has the right to direct the
action of the body; not, certainly, to the exclu-
sion of the proper rights of the minority, but with
reference to those great public measures which
the sense of the majority adopts as the most con-
ducive to the genei al welfare. If the reverse were
correct, and the direction of our public measures
should be confined to the minority of the Senate,
there would be a manifest impropriety in eonfer-
ling this power on the Vice President. But he
could not acquiesce in a construction which would
give the power of appointing the committees to
the minority who do not represent the opinions
of the body, while the majority would be deprived
of the rights which belong to them.
On the subjectof precedents, there could be no
difficulty in findingprecedents on both sides of the
(question. Those which are of the latest date are
in favor of the resolution; and it was not pretend-
ed, nor could it be believed, that there was any-
thing in the character of the distinguished officer
in the chair which rendered it necessary to depart
from these precedents. Tliatelevated officerstood
on this floor, and before the whole country, as free
from stain and exemptfrom reproach as any other
memberof this body. According to the language
of the honorable Senator from North Carolina
himself, it is not to be supposed that he would
commit any outrage or injustice, or that he would
be guilty of any dereliction of duty, if the exer-
cise of this power were committed to him. In the
former practice of the Senate the power had been
thus conferred, because, whenever the political
sentiments which the presiding officerentertained
were in unison with those which actuated a ma-
jority of the body, the transaction of public busi-
ness was facilitated by this course, and the re-
sponsibility of the majority was never lost sight
of. Whether the majority had adopted thissetof
party views or the other was immaterial to the
question. He did not desire, by any remarks of
his, to provoke a general discussion on the sub-
ject. The few remarks he had been induced to
make seemed to be necessarily called for by the
observations of the Senator from North Carolina,
and to these he had confined his reply.
Mr. BRELSE said that when lie offered this
resolution for the consideration of the Senate he
had not anticipated that any objection would be
raised, especially as the course which the resolu-
tion prescribed was strictly in accordance with the
former practice of this body. He did not, at this
time, propose to go into any elaborate argument j!
in defense of his proposition. The Senatorfrom }!
Ohio had replied so fully to the remarks of the |l
Senator from North Carolina, and with a degree ll
of ability which he (Mr. B.) would not attempt
to reach, that he would now confine what he pro-
posed to say to one or two considerations, which
he would briefly present to the consideration of
the Senate.
The Senator from Worth Carolina appeared 60
him to have, in some measure, misconceived; the
object and purport of the resolution which he had
felt it his duty to submit. To rescind the 34ih
rule was no part of his purpose; he had never
contemplated such a result. So far from such being
his intention, he would be as decidedly opposed to
such recision as the Senator from North Carolina
himself. It was, in his opinion, a rule of salutary
operation, whenever it so happened that the opin-
ions of the majority of the Senate were in oppo-
sition to the opinions of the officer presiding over
the deliberationsof the body, in that case it waa
most important that the Senate retain in its own
hands the power of immediately appointing' its
own committees. And the rule which he desired
at this time to suspend was adopted, as he con-
ceived, in order to carry out the views of the Sen-
ate, as represented by a majority of the body.
When acaseof this kind happened, that theoeca-
pant of the chair entertained opinions which were
opposed to the opinions of the majority of the Sen-
ate, it was a sufficient reason for the enforcement
of this rule. But a different state of things exist-
ed at this moment. Now, perfect harmony waa
existing, as regards all questions of public rto-
ment, between the presiding officer and the major-
ity of the Senate. Why, then, in this instance,
was opposition raised to a proposition to confer on
the presiding officer the power of appointing the
committees, a power which the Senate had never
before refused? If Senators would turn back to
the precedents recorded on the Journals they
would find that whenever it had been proposed to
give this power to the presiding officer, whether
the Vice President or a President acting pro tem-
pore, the Senate had never refused its assent to
the proposition. Hedid not know of one case
(and he had employed some labor in looking
through the Journals) since the institution of the
Government, when such a proposition was nega-
tived by the Senate. As to the practice of the
Senate, it had been both ways. It had been not
unusual to give the power to the Vice President,
and also to the President pro tem. The Senator
from North Carolina had said thathe should con-
sider the delegation of this power to the Vice Pres-
ident, in the present instance, an abdication, on
the part of the Senate, of its legislative functions,
it wasnotso. True, there was rarely to be found
a willingness to surrenderany portion of power;
it was a concession of no frequent occurrence.
But he, for one, was perfectly willing, in (his case,
to surrender the power to the Vice President of
the United States. The argument of the Senator
from North Carolina, on this point, did notappear
to him to carry the weight which usually attached
to his reasoning. He could not but regard it as
very far from conclusive. How could the legis-
lative powers of the Senate be abdicated, or
weakened, or lessened r Is it not an exercise of the
constitutional powers of the Senate to confer the
right of appointing the committees on one whose
opinions coincide with the opinions of the major-
ity of the body ? Would there be any difference
in the complexion of the committees, whether
they were appointed by the immediate ballots of
the Senate, or the mediate instrumentality of the
Vice-President? Jt was not to be supposed that
the Vice President would make any appointment,
in his construction of the committees, of individu-
als whose opinions would be at variance with
those of the majority of the Senate; and he eotild
not imagine any difference of result whetherthey
were made by the presiding officer, representing
^ffV'6WS maj°''ity, or by the 'Tiitjori tyit-
As to the question of responsibility, he conceived
that the argument of the Senator from North Car-
olina had been sufficiently answered by the Sen-
a.t.°.r/rom Ohio- Why talk of the great respon-
sibility of the President pro tem.? To whom is
that officer responsible ? To fifty-four Senators.
They could depose him with as much ease as they
elected him. They might deprive him of histem-
porary power. It is competent to them, if they
are dissatisfied with his course, to depose him.
But, so tar as the Vice President is concerned, hits
responsibility spreads over a much wider range.
