1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
mas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs., Tread way,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentw&rth* Wick,
Winthrop, Wood, Woodward, Woodworth,
Wright, Yell, and Young—113. ""
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the adoption of the resolution; and it was decided
in the affirmative-, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Cluincy Adams,
Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Ba-
ker, Barringer, Bell, Benton, Biggs, Boyd, Mil-
ton Brown, William G. Brown, Buffington, Burt,
Catheart, John G, Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Cranston,
Crozier, Cullom, Cummings, Cunningham, Dan-
iel, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dobbin, Dockery,
Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Ewing, Faran, Foot,
Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Grover, Hampton, Haralson, Harman-
ston Henley, Herrick, Hilliard, E. B, Holmes,
Hough, G, S> Houston, Washington Hunt, Jas.
B. Hunt, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Leake, Lewis,
Levin, Long, McClelland, McRenry, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Owen, Perry,
Pettit, Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Reid, Rhett, Rit-
ier, Julius Rockwell, Root, Russell, Scammon,
Schenck, A, D  Sims, Leonard H. Simms, Simp-
son, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Jas. Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tombs, Tread-
way, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wick,
Winthrop, Wood, Woodward, Woodworth,
Wright, Yell, Young, and Yost—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bayly, Jas. Black,
Blanchard, Bowlin, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, ColJamer, !
Constable, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Doug-
lass, Erdman, Ficklin, Giddings, Giles, Gordon,
Clraham, Hamlin, Harper, Hoge, Hopkins, John
W, Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Hungcrford, Hunter, Jenkins,
Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, Leib, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McCJean, McClernand, MeCrate, Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller,
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Par-
ish, Payne, Pendleton, Perrill, Rclfe, John A.
Rockwell, Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seaman,
Seddon, Severance, Truman Smith, Robt. Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strohm, Taylor,
Benjamin Thompson, Thurman,Tildon,Wheaton,
White, Williams, Wilmot, and Woodruff—77.
When the name of Mr, McConnell was called,
he rose to make an explanation; which the Speaker
informed him he could not do but by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Several voices:44 Go on; go on."
But objection being interposed, the explanation
was not made, and Mr. McConnell declined to
vote.
- And so it was—
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, imme-
diately after the passage of this resolution, place in
a box the name of each member and delegate of
the House of Representatives upon a separate
piece of paper; that he then proceed, in the pre-
sence of the House, to draw from said box, one
at a time, the said pieces of paper, and as each is
drawn, he shall announce the name of the member
upon it, who shall then choose his seat for the pre-
sent session.
Several members rose to ask leave to introduce
resolutions.
The SPEAKER said the order required that the
House should proceed to its immediate execution.
Mr, RAMSEY moved that the House reconsider
the vote adopting the resolution.
His motion was lost by a large majority.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
the order.
The Clerk produced a box containing the name
of every member, each on a separate piece of pa-
per, and commenced to draw the names.
The name of Mr. Yaktcey being called, and he
not answering to the call—
An inquiry was put to the Chair whether, in
case of the absence of a member, a seat might not
be chosen for him by the members of his State
delegation ?
Mr. COBB observed, that when a member had
been in attendance from the cow men cement of the
session, and happened accidentally to be absent
when seats were drawn for, he thought that the
spirit of the rule would very well admit of the ar-
rangement proposed.
After some desultory conversation, the CHAIR
decided that, by the acquiescence of the House, he
should give the rule that interpretation.
Mr. HAMLIN objected to the decision. If Mr.
Yancey had been in attendance sincc the session
commenced, he did not see how that entitled him
to any privilege if he was absent at this time: it
was the bounden duty of a member always to be
found at his post, unless prevented by indisposi-
tion, which created a different case entirely.
The CHAIR thought Mr. Hamlin's objection
too late, inasmuch as he had given jus decision
under the general acquiescence of the House.
Mr. HAMLIN said he had not acquiesced, and
he should take an appeal from the decision.
After some further conversation, and an expla-
nation from the CHAIR-—
Mr. HAMLIN withdrew his appeal.
Mr. HARALSON proposed that, for the more
orderly carrying out of the resolution, the mem-
bers should all vacate the seats now occupied, and
retire into the area in front of the Clerk's table,
and then let each gentleman have a clear field to
make the selection of such scat as he should pre-
fer.
Mr. SCHENCK supported this proposal, and it
was finally agreed to.
The drawing was then resumed, and completed.
About three hours were consumed in the opcia-
tion.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. McCLERNAND gave notice that, lie would
to-moirow, or as early thereafter os piacticable,
ask for lea%e to introduce a bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public Lmds.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice of motions for
leave to introduce several bills, viz:
A bill providing a similar compensation for the
officers and soldiers who served in the Indian wars
prior to the treaty of Greenville m 1795, as is now
authorized by law to be paid to officers and sol-
diers of the revolutionary war.
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
4 vide for the better secunty of the lives of passen-
' gcrs on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
4 part by steam," approved July 9th, 1838.
A bill malting appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain rivers and harbors.
A bill to authorize the purchase of the residue
of the stock held by individual stockholders in the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company, and the
Louisville Dry Dock Company, and to make the
navigation of said canal free from toll.
A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio, Mississippi,
Missouri, and Arkansas rivers.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
Mr. OWEN gave notice that on to-morrow, or
some subsequent day of the session, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill establishing a " Smithson-
ian Institution."
PRINTING THE MESSAGE.
Mr. GILES renewed the zcsolution which he
asked leave to introduce this morning. It was
read as follows:
fiesotved, That of the 20,000 copies of the Presi-
dent's Message now ordered to be printed, 5,000
thereof, with the documents relating to ^ Texas
and Mexico," be printed as soon as possible, for
the use of this House; and, also, that the vsual
number of extra copies of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury [on the state of the finances]
and accompanying documents be printed.
Mr. G. sustained his motion by some remarks
on the importance and value of the Executive Mes-
sage, and in commendation of the coursc indicated
by the President m reference both to Texas and
Oregon. He wished to have that portion of the
Message which referred to these subjects printed
separately, and not encumbered with the volumin-
ous additions of the Message itself, and the nu-
merous documents accompanying it. He wanted
that the action of the Government on these impor-
tant branches of the public policy should be fully
and universally known. Let the able expose of the
President in reference to them not only go to every
part of dUr own land, but be extensively spread in
Europe, that the civilized world might fully com-
prehend the stand taken by this country on both
these points.
In reference to the latter part of his resolution, he
had included the report of the Seciet&ry of the
t Treasury, because, as he understood, the printing
| of that document had not yesterday been ordered,
I Mr. ROBEPvT SMITH moved the following
I amendment:
I That there be printed, in addition to the num-
! < her already ordered, three thousand copies of the
j 4 President's Message and accompanying docu*
! ' ments in the German language."
| Mr. BRODHEAD moved to amend the amend-
! ment by adding, " and in all other languages spo-
j ken in the United States."
j Mr. K. >SM1TH, after o eulogy on the Message,
dwelt on the impcrtaiice of affording to so respeo
i table a portion of our population ys "sveie of Ger-
1 man origin an opportunity of reading it in their
: own language. Many of them, possessed of pro-
1 perty and great respectability, had left their own
1 country in Euiope and come to cast their lot, with
' the people of America; and it was important that
i'they should have a clear comprehension of the
j: state of our country and of the leading points of
j; its public policy.
i, After some conversation, in which objection
jiwas made to Mr. Brodkead's amendment, as
i j having been introduced when he had no right to
I; the floor—
j[ Mr. BRODHEAD, though insisting that the
i; motion had been made in order, consented, in or-
!' dor to prevent difficulty, to withdraw it.
i And the question then recurring on the amend-
l; ment moved by Mr. Robert Smith, it was deci-
ded in the negative.
, The question then being on the adoption of the
■ ; resolution of Mr. Gti.es—
I Mr. PAYNE proposed to amend it so as to or-
■ doi the printing of 20,000 additional copies of the
report of the Secretary of the Treason y,
i| Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend this amend-
j(inent by reducing the number to 10,000. He
|' thought there was nothing so special in this re-
!. port as to justify the printing of so large an extra
II number as that proposed by the gentleman from
I Alabama. The document was doubtless of great
!; importance, but he saw no reason for so largely
i: increasing the number usually printed. The doc-
ument was very voluminous.
Mr. PAYNE said, in reply, that it was precisely
i because he considered the report as not only very
important, but very extraordinary in its character,
! that he had moved for the printing of 20,000copies.
He designated it as extraordinary, because it ap-
proximated to the free trade principle, and this, he
believed, was the first time when this document,
though annually put forth by the Treasury De-
partment, had ever done so. An additional reason
was, his expectation, or at least his hope, that the
House would at this session be called to review
our revenue laws. The public rnnid was awake to
. the subject, and he wished to present to it the im-
' portant facts and cogent reasoning in the report.
| The document was extraordinary in its ability,
; and exuaordinary m the grounds taken, and ex-
1 traordinary in the soundness and force of its ar-
' guments. For those reasons, he desired it should
, be widely rujvuliifed.
i Mr. STEWART demanded the yeas and nays
on this amendment; but the House refused to or-
der them.
Mr. S. opposed the motion. He admitted, with
; the gentleman from Alabama, that this report was
i a very extraordinary document indeed, and it did
I for the first time put forth the doctrines to which
; the gentleman had alluded. Mr. S., believing
| these doctrines to be founded in error, and per-
; nieious in their tendency, had no desire to see them
• propagated by the agency of that House in print-
! ing so large a number of copies. He hoped that
: no more than the ordinary number would be
i ordered.
And, pending the question on the amendment,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 8, 1845.
Mr. Barrow, of Louisiana, appeared in his
j; place to-day.
|i Mr. ARCHER presented the credentials of
!l Isaac S. Pennyb vcker, elected a Senator from
