26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
Barclay Martin, Morris, Niven, Norris, Owen,
Parish, Payne, Pe.mll, Pettit, Price, Ratkbun,
Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle,
Sawyer, A. D. Sims, L. H. Simms, Simpson,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, St. John,
Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thibodeaux, James
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Wentworth,
Wick, "Williams, Wilmot, "Woodward, Wood-
worth, Yancey, and Yell—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Gl. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringcr, Redinger, Bell,
Benton, Biggs, James Black, Blanchard, Brinker-
hoff, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buffington, W.W.
Campbell, J. H. Campbell, Cocke, Collamer,
Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano,
Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap, Edsall,
Ellsworth, Erdman, Ewing, Foot, Foster, Gen-
try, Giddmgs, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham,
G rider, Grinnell, Grover, Hampton, Harmanson,
Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, Hop-
kins, Hough, John "W. Houston, Hudson, Hun-
gerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Kennedy, Daniel P.
King, Preston King, Thomas B. King, Lewis,
Levm, McClean, McDowell, McGaughey, Mc-
Henry, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Miller, Mose-
ley, Moulton, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ritter,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk,
Scammon, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephen
Stewart, Strohm, Thomasson, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Tilden, Trumbo, Yance, "Wheaton, White,
Wmthrop, Wood, Woodruff, Young, and Yost—
105.
So the amendment was rejected.
And (after some unimportant conversation) the
resolution, as originally offered, was adopted.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HOUSTON gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce two bills, viz:
A bill to establish a permanent and prospective
pre-emption system in favor of actual settlers on
the public lands.
A bill to cede to the State of Alabama the pub-
lic lands lying within the limits of that State, for
purposes of education.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. HOGE gave notice of a motion for leave to
introduce a bill to sell the reserved mineral lands
in the State of Illinois and in the Territories of
Iowa and Wisconsin.
GOVERNMENT OF OREGON.
Mr. CO WLI V gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill organizing a Territorial Govern-
ment in the Oregon Territory, and for other pur-
poses.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BRODHEAD offered the following con-
cuireut resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That a joint
committee of three members of each House be
appointed to direct and superintend the expendi-
ture of all moneys appropriated for the purchase
of books for the Library of Congress; and all
such other matters pertaining to the said library
ii"t otherwise provided for by law.
The resolution was read and agreed to; and Mr.
BitoDHEiD, Mr. Oiven, and Mr. W. W. Camp-
bell were appointed of the committee on the part
of the House.
REPORTS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications from Executive Departments,
viz:
1. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting the Annual Report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, with many accompanying
documents, in reference to the condition and opera-
tions of that branch of the public service during the
past year.
Referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
If. From the Secretary of State, accompanied
by a report, in detail, of the expenditures of the
funds appropriated to defray the contingent ex-
penses of the Department and of Foreign Mis-
sions for the year ending June 30, 1845.
Referred to the Committee on Expenditures in the
Department of State, and ordered to be printed.
DUTIES BEYOND 35 PER CENT.
III. From the Secretary of the Treasury, ac-
companied by the statement required to be fur-
nished by the 27th section of the tariff act of 1842,
of articles imported in the year ending 30th June,
1845, the duty on which exceeded thirty-five per
cent, on their wholesale market value. These ar-
ticles are:
Cotton bagging of other materials then hemp.
Wines, white and red, in bottles, of Austria.
Spirits, foreign distilled, from grain.
Do. do. do. from brandy.
Do. do. do. from other materials.
Sugar, loaf, and other refined.
Sirup of sugar and cane.
Spices—pepper, black, Cayenne, pimento.
Dates.
Ochre, dry.
Whiting and Paris white.
Cordage, tarred, and cables; also, untarred.
Glass—Cut chandeliers, candlesticks, &c.
Plain, moulded, or pressed tumblers.
Demijohns and carboys.
Lead—Shot.
In sheets and forms not specified.
Manufactures of iron—
Spikes, cut or wroug'ht.
Chain cables and parts.
Wrought, for ships, locomotives, and Steam-en-
gines.
Chains, other than cables.
Sad irons, hatters and tailors' irons.
Nail or spike rods, slit, rolled, or hammered.
Hoop iron.
Writing paper.
Coke or culm.
Referred to the Committee of "Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
IV. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting the Annual Statements of the Commerce
and Navigation of the United States, for the year
ending the 30th June, 1845.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce; and,
on motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, 10,000 copies
extra thereof were ordered to be printed.
V. From the Secretary of the Treasury, accom-
panied by an account of the Receipts and Expen-
ditures of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1845, prepared m the office of the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, pursuant to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the United States of
the 3d December, 1791.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed; and, on motion of Mr.
PRESTON KING, one hundred copies extra were
ordered for the use of the Treasury Department.
VT. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report of the Register of the Treasury, in
pursuance of the order of the House of Represen-
tatives of the 3d February, 1845, exhibiting the
duties which accrued on merchandise imported
during the year ending December 31, 1844.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and not ordered to be printed.
VII. From the Secretary of War, in answer to an
order of the House of the 3d March, ] 845, instruct-
ing him to institute an inquiry into the investment
of the Chickasaw fund, arising under the treaties
of 1832 and 1834; as also into the disbursement of
said fund.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,and
ordered to be printed.
THE ANNUAL ESTIMATES.
VII. From the Secretary of the Treasury, ac-
companied by the estimates from the several de-
partments and branches of the Government of the
sums necessary to be appropriated for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1847.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
These estimates propose—
For the civil list, foreign in-
tercourse, and miscella-
neous, -$4,550,133
Army proper   .3,254,396
Fortifications, ordnance, & c. .4,071,809
Indian department 1,192,610
Pensions 1,701,100
Naval establishment.  6,309,390
 #21,079,440
1st. The appropriations for the same
year made by former acts of a per-
To these are added:
appropriations
ade by former at
rnanent character, amounting to  2,997,915
2d. Existing appropriations,' which
will be required to be expended in
the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1847, amounting to   1,441,457
$25,518,813
CONTESTED ELECTION PROM FLORIDA.
Mr. HUNTER rose to a question of privilege.
He presented the memorial of William H. Brock-
enbrocgh, claiming the seat in the House as rep-
resentative from the State of Florida, in the place
of Edward Carringtom Cabell, the returned and
sitting member.
And Mr. H. offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the said memorial *be referred to
the Committee on Elections, with instructions to
report whether the petitioner was not entitled to
have been returned and commissioned as a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives in the Twen-
ty-ninth Congress, for the State of Florida, at the
time when Knwako C. Cabell received the com- •
mission; and as soon thereafter as they have ex-
amined the question, whether the said petitioner
was not elected by a majority of the legally quali-
fied voters of the State of Florida a member of the
House of Representatives in the Twenty-ninth
Congress, according to the laws of the State which
provide for that purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN was opposed to the adoption of
the instructions: they assumed the existence of
facts of which this House had no knowledge, and
yet in reference to which it was invited to act.
These facts ought first to be inquired into and
ascertained, and that was the precise duty of the
Committee of Elections. When they had ascer-
tained the facts, and reported them to the House,
then the House would be in a condition to act in
regard to them, but not before. The procedure now-
proposed was altogether novel and unprecedented.
It would be better to leave the committee altogether
free and untrammelled, to report at their' owtt dis-
cretion not only the facts referred to in the instruc-
tions, but all other facts which, in their judgment,
had a hearing on the question. The reference of
these instructions might be too narrow, or, possi-
bly, itmight be too broad: let the appropriate com-
mittee, whose province it was, judge for them-
selves as to the subjects and extent of their in-
quiry. But if the gentleman contesting the seat of
the representative from Florida entertained a fear
that the Committee of Elections would not do its
duty, let the teims of the resolution be made yet
broader, and make it the duty not only of this par-
ticular committee, but of all the other standing
committees of the House, to report the facts con-
nected with the questions referred to. "Why should
the instruction be given to this committee alone;
and in reference to this case alone? Wherein did
it differ from other cases ? The memorial purported
to contain the facts of the case; but if the House
was to act upon these by following the memorial
with corresponding instructions, why not follow
out the principle, and accompany with instructions
thd reference of every other memorial? It was
hardly respectful to the Committee of Elections to
move such instructions as had now been proposed.
Mr. HUNTER-spoke in defence of the resolu-
tion he had offered. He was surprised at the re-
sistance it had met with, inasmuch as it was sim-
ply a resolution of inquiry. Nothing certainly
could have been further from his intentions than
to treat the committee with the least disrepect.
He did not even know of whom the committee
consisted, nor was he, to his knowledge, acquaint-
ed with a single gentleman who had been appoint-
ed a member of it. The course he proposed was
objected to as being novel and unprecedented; and
it was true that it might be considered as novel in
one respect, inasmuch as it asked the committee
to report, in the first place, in reference to the re-
turn, and, in the second place, in regard to the
election itself. In this respect, it might He a new
proceeding-, but Mr. H. asked it simply as an act
oi justice between the ] nuiies, without having him-
self made up any opinion as. to the question at
issue.
He thought it due to the petitioner'and to jus-
tice that an inquiry should first be made as to the
