1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
question who was rightfully entitled to the return.
^The legality of the return could be settled only by-
reference to the election law of Florida. The peti-
tioner took the ground that those votes only could
legally be counted which had been reported to the
Secretary of State by the Judges of Probate; and
he contended that if those votes alone had been
taken into consideration, the return must have
been given to himself, and not to the sitting mem-
ber, inasmuch as a majority of such votes had been
cast in his favor. Now, if this statement was
true, then the petitioner ought to occupy the seat
until the question of right between the parties
should be finally settled.
Although it was true that such a proceeding was
without a precedent, as far as Mr. H. knew, in
our own Congressional history, yet those who
were familiar with Parliamentary precedents in
England, must know that nothing was more usual
in the House of Commons than to separate the
questions of return and election. He held in his
hand the report of one case, in which theie had
been a double return; and it was proposed to refer
the returns to a committee; but the House refused,
and settled the question themselves. Whether the
facts as stated in the memorial were true or not,
Mr. H. could not pretend to say. All he wanted
was, that a committee should inquire whether, ac-
cording to the laws of Florida, the present sitting
member had been justly entitled to that return un-
der which, as prima facie evidence, he now held
his seat. Members must all be familiar with the
delays which frequently took place in settling
questions of contested elections. Everybody knew
that the inquiry might be spun out for weeks and
months, during the whole of which time an in-
dividual might be deprived of his just rights, and
this might happen without any improper design,
or any improper conduct 011 the part of the Com-
mittee of Elections. From a pressure of business,
or other causes, the delay might be unavoidable.
At the time the certificate in this case was given,
some of the returns in Florida had not yet come
in; and the petitioner thinks, that if he is right as
to the law of Florida, there can be 110 doubt that
he ought to have had the return. Mr. H. repeat-
ed that this was simply n resolution of inquiry,
and it differed in no respect from the references
ordinarily made to Committees of Elections, save
in requiring a preliminary report as to the re-
turn.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS was decidedly op-
posed to the instructions accompanying the resolu-
tion; and that on two grounds: first, because they
were entirely novel and unprecedented; and, se-
condly, because of the principle on which they pro-
ceeded. The instruction directed the attention of
the committee to two distinct, issues, and required
separate reports to be made upon each. Now, it
might so happen that these reports would be di-
rectly adverse to each other. He thought such a
proceeding not only unauthorized, but impolitic
and unjust. Two claimants from the new State of
Florida asserted respectively their right to a seat
on this floor. According to all settled usage and
Parliamentary principle, the claimant who was pos-
sessed of the regular return was entitled to take his
seat; then, if the other felt himself aggrieved, the
uniform course of proceeding was, that he should
file his memorial, and present the evidence in favor
of his claim.
Mr. HUNTER here interposed,, and was un-
derstood to say that the petitioner claimed that he
ought to have received the return.
IVIr. DAVIS still insisted on his objection to the
instructions, because they presented two issues, to
be settled by the committee; whereas, in all cases
of contested election, there was but one broad issue,
namely, which of the claimants was entitled to the
seat. Election committees never reported as to
which of the claimants was entitled to the return;
but, after an examination of the whole case, they
reported which of them, in their judgment, had re-
ceived a majority of the votes given. That was
the true issue, and the only one they ought to be
called to decide. Suppose, as he had before sug-
gested, that the committee should make two dis-
tinct reports, in direct opposition to each other, and
both on the same day. One of these reports would
declare that the contestant was entitled to the re-
turn, and the other that the sitting member, as
having received a majority of votes, was entitled
to the seat. What an absurd spectacle would it
be. And yet such a result might very well grow
out of the instructions proposed. Mr. D. knew of
no principle which would justify a requisition on
the committee to report on any but one issue, and
that was, which of the claimants had been duly
elected. No report short of that could settle then-
claims. It was for these reasons he was opposed
to the adoption of the resolution. He trusted that
the old and established mode, which had prevailed
from the foundation of the Government, would
still be adhered to; that all the papers would be
submitted to the committee, and that the commit-
tee would then be required to repoit generally and
broadly who was entitled to the seat.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL obtained the
floor, but yielded it for the purpose of explanation
to—
Mr. HUNTER, who wished to offer a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky.
In doing so, he should be brief, inasmuch as he
spoke by the indulgence of the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The gentleman considered the proceeding as
wholly novel and without precedent; but if he
would' give himself the trouble of examining but a
little into the Parliamentary practice of Great En-
tain, he would find that it was not novel, and that
it had frequent precedent on that side the water.
Mr. H. might refer to many cases, but he should
confine himself to a single one. A case of con-
tested election had come before the House of Com-
mons from the borough of Minehead, in Somerset.
Mr. H. would not detain the House by reading it;
gentlemen could examine it for themselves. But
nothing was more common in England than to
separate the questions of the return and the clcc- j
tion. If the gentleman would consult die Consti- j
fution of his own cnunny, lie would find the same
distinctions prevail tlnnv, for U declared that each
House of Congress should be the sole judge of the
election, return, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers. Here the question of election was separated
from the question of return, and the House was
made the judge of both. Now, unless the Consti-
tution had contemplated cases in which the ques-
tion should be separated, the insertion of the word
"return" was a mere pleonasm. The gentleman
put the case of a committee making two reports in
opposition to each other, and on the some clay; but
the case was one which could not happen, because
the question of election would override and super-
sede the question of return. But while these two
reports, as the gentleman supposed, might be made
on the same day, they might on the other hand be
weeks and even months apart. The question of
return might be a very simple one, and might be
reported on immediately, whilst the final question
of election might prove a very difficult one, and
the settlement of it detain the committee a great
while. During all that time the member rightfully
entitled to the return ought provisionally to occupy
the seat, and therefore a separate report ought to
be made on that question.
Mr. CABELL, the sitting member from Florida, ,
expressed his wish that the mcinoual and accom-
panying paper might be read, for he really was to
this moment ignorant of the ground taken by his
opponent. It was but the clay before he left*Tal-
lahassee that he had received a letter from his
friend Mr. Brockenbroxjcii, apprizing him that
Mr. B. proposed to contest the seat, as having re-
ceived a majority of legal votes and being legally
entitled to the return. He wished for his own
satisfaction to hear what were the grounds of argu-
ment taken.
[The memorial of Mr. Brockenbrough, and
the accompanying papers, were read at the Cleik's
table.]
Mr. SEABORN .TONES said, he presumed that
the House could have no objection as to an inquiry
into the facts of the case. If these facts went to
show that the member now holding the seat was
justly entitled to the return he had received, let
him retain the place he occupied; but if it should
appear that his opponent ought legally to have re-
ceived the return, then let him take it. The ques-
tion of the election was another matter, and could
be settled afterwards.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL would risk one
or two observations in reply to the remarks which
had been made by the gentleman from Virginia
before him, [Mr. Hunter,] in relation to the^Bri-
tish precedents. For one, he should demur to the
authority of those precedents when read in this .
House. They were certainly not binding here,
and that because the cases were not analogous.
The construction of committees in the House of
Commons and in our House of Representatives
were entirely different. The committees raised
there were raised for a particular occasion, and
acted under immediate and precise orders from the
House; their inquiries were restricted to limited
questions, circumscribed by the special direction
of the House itself; but the standing committees
111 this House were of a character inherently and
essentially different: these were not transient and
occasional, but permanent; they weie familiar
with the duties pertaining to their appointment;
they were in the lis bit of conducting official inves-
tigations, and their reports to the House embodied
not only n mass of important information and n
comprehensive view of the facts of the caee, but,
connected with these, the results of their own
knowledge and previous study, and presented all
the views which had a bearing on the questions re-
ferred to them. He would take the liberty of sug-
gesting to the gentleman from Virginia, whose can-
dor he was sure would receive kindly any sugges-
tion which commcnded itself to his good sense,
that precedents drawn from our own Congression-
al history would be far more conclusive than those
derived from a foreign tribunal, whose proceed-
ings, however wise and experienced, were totally
different from our own, and whose committees
were more analogous to a grand jury than to the
standing committees of the House of Representa-
tives. "The inquiry on any memorial directed
against the claim of a sitting member must, in its
very nature, cover the whole ground; foi the ques-
tion wild, which of the claimants was entitled to
the seat - The sitting member, in the present case,
was certainly entitled to it prima facie, having pre-
sented an official certificate under the bmad seal of
the State he claimed to represent. Theic he would
naturally remain until a decision was had 011 the
final issue, when the prima facie evidence would be
done away or superseded by that evidence which
was conclusive in the case, and then the sitting
member would either be confirmed or superseded;
but certainly the prima facie evidence must remain
fill that which was conclusiv e was bi ou^ht to \ iew.
But suppose these instructions to be adopted; and
what would be the result? A member now held
his seat on certain prima fade evidence; the com-
mittee, was directed to examine, and the effect of
its examination might be the presentation of a
counter prima facie case, and then that case might
itself be overturned by an examination of all the
votes given, and thus a first case might be super-
seded by a second, and the second by a third, and
so on; the House thus pursuing a wavering and
sinuous course of legislation before it settled down
on any definite result.
He did not conceive that any difficulty was like-
ly to arise from unnecessary delay. The commit-
tee was well constituted, and would doubtless be
diligent in the discharge of its duty. There was
no inherent difficulty 111 the case; and if it present-
ed an aspect in any degree complex, it could only
arise, from the recent change in the condition of
Florida, which had passed from being a Territory
into the condition of a State, with a State Govern-
ment and laws of its own. The difficulty did not
arise from the votes given, but fiom the piinciples
involved; yet it was surely a matter which might
soon be settled. Meantime he should be sorry that
gentlemen should seek elsewhere than in their own
Government for precedents to direct or justify their
course.
Mr. G. DAVIS said that he had slishtly glanced
at the case in.the House of Commons, which had
been referred to by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] and he found it not applicable to
the case in hand—it was the case of an election
held in Minehead, in Somerset. At their election
in England the votes were taken by certain infe-
rior officers, who made their return to the sheriff,
and the sheriff made his to Parliament. Now, it
happened m this case that there were two classes
of these inferior returning officers, who made to
the sheriff two separate returns; one of which the
sheriff received, while he rejected the other; and
the question to be settled was, which of the two
classes was entitled to make the return to the
sheriff. The House decided the sheriff ought to *
have received the leturn which he rejected, and to
have rejected the one which he allowed. But that
did not touch the present case, because the sitting
member from Florida had a return made con^
