THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
printed
an.jp published
at the city of washington
by blair k rives.
29th Congress
1st Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1845.
New Series....No. 3.
ry's report, was, that the protective policy was-iwi-
comtitutional, and if so, there must be an-end of it.
The Secretary said expressly, that the tariff of
1842 was 44 too unequal and unjust, too exorbitant
£ and oppressive, and too clearly in conflict with
i the fundamental principles of the Constitution."
The'se were his express words, that the tariff of
1842 was clearly in ccnflbt with the fundamental
principles of the>Constitution; and he had made
an argument"to prove this. He quoted 1 he Con-
stitution, and then argued, by way of inference,
that the power to lay a duty for protection was
not in this Government. His report says :
" A partial and a total prohibition are alike in vio-
s laiion of the true object of the taxing power. They
' only differ in degree, and not in principle. If the
4 revenue limit may be exceeded one percent., it
' may be exceeded one hundred. If it may be ex-
i ceeded upon any one article, it may be exceeded
* on all; and there is no escape from this conclu-
* sion but in contending that Congress may lay du-
4 ties on all articles so high as to collect no reve-
4 nue, and operate as a total prohibition.
" The Constitution declares that 4 all bills for
* raising revenue shall originate in the House of
* Representatives.' A tariff bill, it is conceded,
' can only originate in -the House, because it is a
4 bill for raising revenue; That is the only proper
* object of such a bill. A tariff is a bill to 4 lay and
< collect taxes.' It is a bill for raising revenue;
4 and whenever it departs from that object, in
4 whole or in part, either by total or partial prohi-
4 biiion, it violates the purpose cf the granted power."
Thus he held explicitly that a duty which went
but one per cent, beyond the revenue standard was
unconstitutional, and that if Congress might add
but one per cent, to the amount of duty necessary
for revenue, it might add a hundred per cent.;
and that if it might impose such duty on oneai-
licle, it might with equal right impose it upon all
other articles whatever. The whole proceeding,
whether in a smaller or a greater degree, the Sec-
retary maintained to be directly against the Con-
stitution, and an act which transcended the power
of Congress to perform. That was the doctrine
of the report. Was it a doctrine which this House
meant to sustain? Would the House express its
concurrence in such sentiments ? He trusted not.
The doctrine was extraordinary indeed. What!
the protective policy unconstitutional! Then all
those statesmen who had gone before us had been
open violators of the Constitution of their country.
Had not this very policy of a protective tariff been
distinctly recommended to Congress by every suc-
cessive Executive, from George Washington down
to and including Andrew Jackson ? If gentlemen
would refer to the first and to the last communica-
tions of President Washington, they could per-
coive that he had distinctly recommended the adop-
tion of such a policy as among the duties of Con-
gress. Here are his words:
"The advancement of agriculture, commerce,
4 and manufacturer, by all proper means, will not, I
' trust, need recommendation; but I cannot forbear
1 intimating to you the expediency of' giving effec-
' tual encouragement, as well to the introduction of
' new and useful inventions from abroad as to the
' exertions of skill and genius in producing them
4 at home."—Washington's Annual Address.
44 Congress has repeatedly, and not without suc-
4 cess, directed their attention to the encourage-
4 mtnt of manufactures. The objcct is of too much [
4 conscquence not to ensure a continuance of their ;
4 efforts in every way which shall appear eligible.'' i
— Washington's last Annual Address. \
He was President of the Convention which lind !
formed the Constitution, and must be presumed :
to have known something about its meaning: and
intention. So, if they would examine the Execu-
tive Messages of President Jefferson—and Mr. S.
presumed that gentlemen, especially those of the
Jefferson school, would admit that he, too, knew
something of the Constitution—they would find
there three successive recommendations of this
same policy as among the highest duties of Gov-
ernment. Here are the opinions of Jefferson. He
went to the extent of absolute prohibition:
"To cultivate peace, and maintain commerce and
£ navigation, m all their l?wful enterprises; to fos-
' ter our fisheries, as nurseries of navigation and
' for the nurture of man; and to protect the manu-
factures adapted to our circuiiisUiiM.es; these, fellow-
'citizens, are the landmarks by which we are to
4 guide ourselves in all our proceedings."—Jzjj'tr-
son's second Annual Message.
" The situation into which we have been forced
' has impelled us to apply a portion of our indus-
' try and capital to national manufactures ond im-
' provements. The extent of conversion is daily
'increasing, and little doubt remains that the cs-
' tablishments formed and forming will, under the
'auspices of cheaper materials *md subsistence,
' the freedom of labor from taxation with us, and
' of protecting duties and prohibitions, become pcr-
' manent."—Jefferson'* eighth Annual M^sr-oge.
"Pie, therefore, who is now against domestic
' manufactures, must be for reducing us cither to a
' dependence upon that nation, or be clothed in
4 skins, and live like, beasts in dens and caverns. 1
4 am proud to say that I am not one of these. Expe-
' 7'ience has taught me that manufactures are now as
i necessary to our independence as to our comfort.i}—
Jefferson's Letter to Benjamin Austin, Esq., Boston,
IS j 6.
Would gentlemen way that George Washington
and Thomas Jefferson had muted m recommend-
ing a violation of that sacred instrument whn h
their own hands had formed 5 And how was it
with President Madison—that pure unsullied pa-
triot and most sagacious and incorruptible states-
man—what did he think about the matter J In no
less than four Kxeeutive communications, t\\ o of
them annual messages and two of them special, he
had united his voice to recommend the encourage-
ment and protection by legislation of our domestic
manufactures:
" The revision of our commercial laws, proper to
'adapt them to the airang;ement which has Liken
' place, with Great Britain, will doubtless engage
' the early attention of Congress, it will be worthy
' at the same time of their just and provident care, to
' make such further alterations m the laws as will
' more especially protect and foster the several branches
'of manufacture which have been recently institu-
' ted or extended by the laudable exertion of our
'citizens."—Madison's S-pccutl Message. Man 23,
1809.
" I recommend also, as a more effectual safe-
' guard, and as an encouragement to our growing
' manufactures, that the additional duties on inv-
' ports which are to expire at the end of one year
' after a peace with Great Britain, be prolonged to
' the end of two years after that event. "-Z^Iadi-
dison"s Special Message, May 31, 1814.
"But theje is no subject which can enter with
'greater force and merit into the deliberations of
' Congress, than a consideration of the means to
'preserve and promote the manufactures which
' have sprung into existence, and attained unpa-
ralleled maturity throughout the United States
' during the period of the European wars. Tins
' source of national independence and wealth I
' anxiously recommend to the prompt and con-
' slant guardianship of Congress."'—Madison's
Special Message, February 29, 1815.
In Mr. Madison's seventh Message he still more
strongly recommends this policy.
Mi\ S. did not like to take up the time of the
committee by reading from these documents to
any extent: nut gentlemen would hardly maintain
tiiat James Madison did not understand the Con-
stitution at least as well as Robert J. Walker. He
might himself be called the father of the Constitu-
tion, and yet ne publicly and officially recommended, ,
on four different occasions, that very policy which j
tne present Secretary of the Treasury pronounced
to be in open conflict with the.Constitution.
[An Executive message was here received from
the Pres'dent, through the hands of Mr. Walker,
his Private Secretary.]
Mr. S. next referred to the Messages of Presi-
dent Monroe, who had, over and over again, in i
the strongest and most emphatic language, uiged j
upon Congress the propriety of protecting domes- i
j tic manufactures. He then came to the Message
| of General Jackson—a name which, he should
i suppose, would still have some small meesure of
| authority, at least with those who once professed
| themselves pre-eminently his friends. Mr. S.
I would place in distinct and open contradiction the
| opinions held by the present Executive and his
| Secretary of the Treasury, as contained in the
I Mci't'D^e of the one and the report of the other,
j and trio fViu"!je!!<3 of Andrew Jackson, as contained
! in hjs Kxt-ruuvr vm stages to Congress He had
already pi eseoiod the duct! incs of the existing Ad-
mimsiiciljon, as they were embodied in the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
jvir. JOJ-^NSUJN, of Tennessee, here interposed,
and des-reu to present to JNJr. feteu art this ques-
tion : Whether, when tnc duties levied were suf-
ficient fur the purposes of revenue, Mr. S. was
in favor of adding other duties for the puipobe of
protection?
Mr. STEWART was understood to say, in re-
ply, that he would attend to that question directly,
but did not wish to he interrupted. ITe would
now proceed to read a paragraph from the Mes-
sage of President Jackson, by way of refreshing*
gentlemen's recollection as to what had been the
opinions on this subject avowed by that dis-
tinguished man. Mr. S. considered the passage
he was about to quote as containing one of the
cieoivFt and stiongest vindications of the constitu-
tional power to lay duties for the puiposc of pro-
tection that had ever been put forth to the world.
Here it is:
'■ The power to impose duties upon impoits origi-
' nally belonged to the several States. The right to
' adjust these duties, with a view to the encoumge-
|| ' ment of domestic branches of industry, is so com-
;j L pletely identical with that power, that it is difficult
i; 'to suppose the existence of the one without tiie
'i ' other. The States have delegated their u hole au-
' thonty over imports to the General Government,
' without limitation or restriction, saving the very
'inconsiderable reservation relating to the inspec-
'tionlaws. This authority having thus entirely
' passed from the States, the right to exercise it
' for the purpose of protection docs not exist m
'them: and, consequently, if it be not possessed
' by the General Government, it must be extinct.
' Our political system would thus present the
' anomaly of a people stripped of the right to foster
' their own industry, and to counteract the most
' selfish and destructive policy which might be
' adopted by foreign nations. This suiely cannot
' be the case; this indispensable power, thus sur-
' rendered by the States, must be within the .scope
'of authority on the subject expressly delegated
j: ' to Congress. In this conclusion T am confirmed,
ij ' as well by the opinions of Presidents Washmg-
|j ' ton, Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, who have
if 4 each repeatedly recommended this right under
jj'the Constitution, as by the uniform practice of
j| ' Congress, the continued acquiescence of the
i] ' Staies, and the general understanding of the peo-
!j £p|e."—Jackson'a second Annual Message.
j | Yet now Congress was to learn for the first time,
j| by Executive instruction, that they possessed no
I' constitutional power to protect our own home indus-
jl try—no power to countervail the injurious regula-
tions of other countries—no power to protect the
[j labor of our own citizens from the destruction
which must be brought upon it by an unrestricted
competition with the pauper labor of Europe: but
our own hardy sons of toil must be impoverished
and ground down so long as the wretched beggars
under <i foreign Government were compelled by
then necessities to labor at lower rates than free-
horn Americans. Such was the doctrines distinct-
ly promulgated by the President in his ?vlessag-e,
nnd especially by his Secretary of the Treasury.
Well might they be called extraordinary, for such
they certainly were. Were the Ani(rican people
prepared to sustain opinions like these? Would
they subscribe to the dogma that their own Gov-
ernment had no power to protect them ? That was
the doctrine—there was no evading it; and Mr. S.
( desired to know whether this committee were pre-
: paied to give it the impress of their sanction ?
