'SF'5'
34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 0,
This, however, was but one of tlie extraordinary
doctrines in this most extraordinary production.
It contained others equally strange, equally new,
equally pernicious in tendency, equally destructive
in practical operation. Would the people believe
it? This document from the Secretary recom-
mended the imposition of an excise on American
manufactures—to take the duties off British goods,
and put on the American.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, here as;ain inter-
posed, and, as the gentleman was speaking a great
deal about the protection of our home industry
and domestic manufactures, Mr. J. desired to ask
him another question: When the Government pro-
lei'ted these manufactures, who paid? And if all
were protected alike, what benefit was there in the
protection ?
Mr. STEWART resumed. The geni]eman
asked him who paid? The gentleman and his
friends held the doctrine that the consumer always
paid the duty, and the Secretary told the nation
that the poor man was taxed eighty-two per cent,
on cotton goods over the rich man. Yes, this poor
man seemed a special favorite of the honorable
Secretary. He had introduced him ten times in
the course of two paragraphs of the report. His
sympathy wos gjfatly excited that tins unhappy
'"poor man" was taxed one hundied and fifty per
cent. 011 his cotton shirt, because there was a spe-
cific duty on imported cotton good* uf mnc cents
a yard. Now, if this spcnilc duty of nine cents
amounted to a hundred and fifty per cent, ad valo-
rem y that fixed the price of the cotton to the " poor
man" at but six cents a yard, for nine cents was
just a hundred and fifty per cent, on six cents. So
the practical effect of the horrid tax was, that tins
" poor man1'" got a good shirt at sixpence a yard.
And Mr. S. would tell the gentleman another
thing. When those most abomniaHe minimums,
which so excited the wrath of the Secretary, had
first been introduced in 1816 by William Lowndes
—one of the purest patriots and most intelligent
statesmen that had ever giaced these legislative
halls, and sustained, too, by John C. Calhoun,
scarcely less distinguished—India cotton goods, of
the very coarsest quality, known to every lady at
the time by the name of hum-hums, co,->t thirty-
three cents a-yard; so that the k< poor man" would
then have had to pay four dollars for twelve yards
of it, and the effect of the infamous minimums had
been that every poor man" m the country could
now get a better ai tide for six and a quarter cents.
That was the way the people were taxed and op-
pressed by the protective system; and this was the
manner in which the "-poor man" was ground
down to the dust to benefit the rich monopolist!
The Secretary persuaded this " poor man*5 that lie
was taxed eighty-two per cent, more than the rich
man, and this was quite insufferable; vet he paid
only six cents for what formerly cost him thirty-
six cents, and of an inferior quality at that. On
that thirty-six cents protection laid a duty of nine
cents, which was but twenty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem.
These dreadful minimums had, in their practi-
cal consequences, given the farmers a market,
given their children employment, made their cattle
profitable, filled the country with the hum of con-
tented industry, and had brought down the price
of the poor man's clothing from thirty-six cents
a yard, down—down—down, as the system pro-
ceeded, iill at last it gave it to him at six cents a
yard. Now the Secretary cried out that the duty
on these cottons was a hundred and fifty per cent.
ad valorem! Enormous! Horrid! And why? The
duty had not changed, but the price had. As the
price went down the duty went up. At thirty-six
cents per yard, nine cents duty would be twenty-
five per cent.; at six cents a yard, the duty would
be one hundred and fifty per cent.; and if the price
descended to one cent a yard, then the duty would
be nine hundred per cent.! The poor man robbed,
plundered, and oppressed by a duty of nine hun-
dred per cent., simply because he gets a yard of
cotton goods for one cent a yard ! Let the manu-
facturer run up the price to thiny-six cents again,
and the oppression is all over; the duty of nine
cents a yard falls instantly to twenty-five per cent.,
a moderate revenue duty. No more complaint;
these friends of the "poor man " are perfectly sat-
isfied.
Such was the practical operation of these odious
minimums which had reduced the poor man's cot-
ton goods from twenty-five and thirty cents per
yard to six and eight cents. Yet this was the sys-
tem which must be given up; this was the opera-
tion which was so oppressive and so unconstitu-
tional that it must be suffered to exist no longer
upon our statute book! The duty was to be taken
olF the foreign goods, and put upon American
manufactures. Such was the doctrine of this re-
port.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, here again asked
Mr. Stewar-i , if the tariff brought down the prices
of articles taxed, what was it that brought down
the price of other goods in the same proportion ?
Mr. STEWART replied that such was not the
fact. Other goods not manufactured here—silks,
velvets, &c.—had not declined in the same ratio,
nor had w<iges or agricultural produce; because
the protective tariff had increased the supply of
domestic goods by increasing competition, and had
sustained wages and agricultural produce by cre-
ating an increased demand for both. If the gen- i
tleman could comprehend that demand and supply ,
regulate price, it would be all plain. ;
When interrupted, he had been controverting !
tho doctrines put forth by the Secretary in his re- i
port. Me had referred to a table which had been j
reported to the House last session by the Commit- i
tee of Ways and Means, for the purpose of'show- !
mg the enormous tax which was imposed by the
system of minimums ; but when the Secretary, by
the assistance of the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, was preparing,
with great labor and pains, this document, he
suenn d to forget that he was at the same moment
furnishing mathematical proof of the exact extent
to which protection had reduced prices. By con-
verting specific into ad valorem duties, the duty
runs up precisely as the price runs down; so, by
showing an increased rate of duty, the gentlemen
have only shown reduced prices.
The duty is fixed, and cannot vary. The ad
vuloreui duties are always the same. None were
imposed by the tariff of 1842 above fifty per cent.
How, then, does the President, in his Message, get
duties of two hundred per cent.? This can only
be done by converting the specific, duties into ad
valorem duties; and, when this is done, a high duty
only shows a low price. If the duty is two hun-
dred per cent., the price must be one-fourth only of
the duty. Thus we are told that glass pays the
enormous duty of two hundred per cent.: and why ?
Because the duty is $4 per box, and the price $2
per box, but if the glass went down to $1 per box,
the duty would be four hundred per ccnt. Thus
we are told by the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that the people paid in all a tax of eighty-
four millions, of which but twenty-seven went to
: the Government, and fifty-seven to the manufactur-
| ers: and he gave a list of sixty or seventy articles
on winch the duty amounted to more than a hun-
; dred per cent. Very well; and what did this prove?
I Why, simply that the prices of those articles had
j been greatly diminished, as in the case of cottons.
I The same duty which, when levied, had been but
twenty-five per cent., had now become one hun-
i dred and fifty per cent., simply because the price
; had gone down to one-fourth part of what it was.
, So the main result of all the labor and ciphering of
the Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means had been to furnish to the whole country
official demonstration that prices had been reduced
by a protective tariil to one-fourth or one-fifth of
what they had been in 1816. Take a plain illus-
tration: the tariff imposed a duty of four cents per
pound on nails; the price of nails in 1816 had been >j
16 cents per pound; so that the duty was then lj
twenty-fi"ve per ccnt. on the price: but the same |l
duty, wc are told m this report, is one hundred per
cent.; and how so? Because the price had fallen .
from sixteen cents to four cents per pound. Very
oppressive on the "poor man," who has thus now !;
to pay one hundred per cent, on nails! The ex- jj
planation of all this was perfectly plain and easy. !|
The effect of competition and of American indus- jj
try had increased the supply, and by an increased !l
supply, in this as in all other cases, had reduced !;
the price of glass, cotton, <&c., whilst it'had rendered j j
the whole neighborhood prosperous by the in- ',\
creased demand for all the productions of the far- 'j
mers. !J
Mr. S. thanked the Chairman of the Committee j!
of Ways and Means for his document: it had fur- H
nished to him and to the country undeniable proof, Jj
from the highest authority, to what an extent il
prices had been reduced, insomuch that the duty
on one article, though reasonable at first, had now
risen to three hundred ^and eighty-nine per ccnt.
ad valorem, brought about solely by the reduction
of the price. Mr. S. defied escape from this po-
sition. Let any gentleman take the report and ex-
amine it, and the more they examined the more
they would be convinced that this was a true ex-
planation of the whole matter. Yet this "was held
forth for the purpose of exciting alarm; it furnish-
ed a topic for popular declamation; it might per-
suade the(t poor man'' that he was greatly oppress-
ed, because he paid a tax of two hundred per
cent, on his window-glass; and he perhaps would
not understand that if glass fell to a dollar a box,
he would be taxed four hundred per cent., or if by
any improvement in the' manufacture he could be
enabled to get his glass at fifty cents a box, why
then he would be paying the enormous,unheard-of
tax, of eight hundred per cent. This same " poor
man" of the Secretary sometimes wanted to buy
a few nails, and the Secretary alarmed him by the
intelligence that nails were taxed a hundred per
cent, on their value. So they were; but what did
he pay for them ? He used to pay sixteen cents
a pound, but this wicked oppressive tariff had
brought them down to four cents. Now, who did
not see that if a specific duty of four cents a pound
on nails amounted now to a hundred per cent.,
should nails be brought down to a cent a pound,
the duty would be four hundred per cent. ? What
an oppression to get nails at a penny a pound !
Surely the "poor man" was likely to be utterly
crushed and ruined.
Mr. S. said he had wished to point out some
other of the extraordinary doctrines contained in
this paper of the Secretary; and there -was one
which would startle the country: it was covered
up in cautious language, but when this veil was
drawn aside? and the truth exposed, he* again
warned gentlemen that it would startle the coun-
try. This free-trade Secretary had recommended
an excise on American manufactures. Yes, that
was the protection he had provided for American
industry; it was to take off the duty from foreign
manufactures, and put it <m our own. Hear him:
" In accordance with these pnnoiples^ it is be-
' lieved that the largest practicable portion of the
1 aggregate revenue should be raised by maximum
'revenue duties upon luxuries, whether growny
4 produced, or manufactured at home or abroad."
Let mechanics and manufacturers hear that.
Every American artizan should hear it. The duty
was to be on articles, &c., whether grown, pro-
duced, or manufactured at home or abroad. Here
was an American Secretary distinctly recommend-
ing to levy the highest rate of revenue duties on
goods manufactured at horns. What was this but
an excise ? What else was an excise than a tax
on the manufactured goods of this country? Yet
this was the Secretary's recommendation. How-
would American manufacturers like it r
Both in the Message and in the report the Ad-
ministration had given its own definition of what,
according to its understanding, was a revenue
standard of duty; and this was the language of the
President's Message:
" The precise point in the ascending scale of
i duties at which it is ascertained from experience
^ that the revenue is greatest, is the maximum rate
c of duty which can be laid for the bonnfide pur-
1 pose of collectingmoney.for the support of Glov-
' eminent. To raise the duties higher than that
' point, and thereby diminish the amount collected,
f is to levy them for protection merely, and not for
4 revenue. As long, then, as Congress may grad-
4 ually increase the rate of duty on a given article,
c and the revenue is increased by such increase
' of duty, they are within the revenue standard.
' When they ^o beyond that point, and, as thev
{increase the duties, the revenue is diminished oV
' destroyed, the act ceases to have for its object the
' raising of money to support Government, but is
k for protection merely."
Here was the rule by which duties were to be
laid. The moment an American maBufacturer
had succeeded in supplying our own market, and
btgan to thrive in his business, that would be a
proof that the duty was too high for revenue: it
was no longer a revenue duty but a protective
duty, and it must forthwith be reduced. As the
American furnished more- goods to the country,
less foreign goods would be imported, revenue
would be diminished, and the duty must come
