1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ST
were needed-by the country in time of war. But
let the gentleman follow up what had then been
in General Jackson's mind; and when, in 1828,
the tariff of abominations was nigh to dissolve
the Union and set man against man all over the
country} did he not recommend its reduction ?
Yet that tariff was lower xhan many parts of this
tariff of 1842. In 1833 came the compromise bill:
and what had a Jackson done then ? Though it
went to reduce duties at last to twenty per cent, he
affixed to that act the sanction of his name. All
these facts showed that the tariff Andrew Jackson
wanted was a tariff for revenue, and that only.
The tariff of 1828 produced to the treasury many
millions more than were wanted for the Govern-
ment', and what had been the result? Just the
same thing- as was shown in its incipient stages
now. The banks in New York were now extend-
ing their discounts, because they had been made
the depositories of the public money; and the bub-
ble of 1S36-7 was to be re-enacted. The whole of
the disasters of that most disastrous revulsion were
justly to be traced to that bill of abominations in
1828. No: let the taxes be brought down to the
legitimate wants of the Government. Leave the
people to spend their own money. "Where did the
Government get its money from ? Had it any
magic power by which it could create money out
of nothing? Could the Government make times
easy and money plenty at its pleasure ? No. All
it had it got from the people; directly or indirectly,
it was all drawn from them; and the people would
come to understand this sooner or later, unless the
present course of taxation should be arrested.
To hear some orators, both in the country at
large, and in this House, (and he had listened to
as chaste and able and eloquent speeches elsewhere
as he had ever heard on that floor,) one would
suppose that Government could build up one class
of the citizens without pulling down another. It
was all fallacious. Mr. J. had not risen to make
a speech, but on this point he hailed from the
ranks o'f the people, and he must feel with thorn
and speak for them. Protection; who paid ? Did
it not enable the man protected to sell his goods
for that much more? And who paid? When one
was protected, somebody else must pay, or gentle-
men talked nonsense. Hence, the reluctance of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to be dragged up
to the question. It had been put, and he failed to
answer it. It was the agricultural population of
the country who paid. It was all sophistry to say
otherwise. Where did Government get money?
Did it fall from the skies? Had Government dis-
covered the philosopher's stone? No; gentlemen
were made of the same materials with their con-
stituents; all they got they drew from the hard
earnings of the peoole; it belonged to them, and
Congress had no right to take it from one to give
it to another.
As to the doctrine of minimums, Mr. J. had
thought it too late in the day for any one to con-
tend m favor of such a mode of taxation. It was
a mere deception to say that an article worth five
cents should be assumed to be worth twenty cents,
and then tax it accordingly. It was too late to
plead for any such proceeding. The principle
was manifestly unjust.
Mr. J. was not for abolishing the tariff. But
that protection to our "home industry"—what a
•siren son°; it was in the ears of the people ! Did
not our " home industry" include the.labor of the
farmer; or was it exclusively the labor of the
manufacturer? Ought not Government to look to
the happiness of those who were the bone and
sinew of the country? Protection has been ex-
clusive quite long enough. He was willing to
give a tariff for revenue, but not a dollar for pro-
tection. The people of this country were as pa-
triotic as any on tne face of the globe; they were
willing to give their last dollar when the wants of
the Government justly called for it; but not for a
system of partial and unequal legislation.
The question now recurring on the resolution,
it was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY then proposed to have the ques-
tion put on all the remaining resolutions together.
The resolutions were read.
?vfr. GARRETT DAVIS said that one of the
resolutions spoke of "inland seas;" he should be
glad, for one, to know what the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois meant by that phrase.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that in all the resolutions
he had endeavored to follow the language of the
Message. The Message spoke of the duty of the
navy to protect our " harbors, coasts, and inland
seas," and he had used the same terms. He
hoped this explanation would be satisfactory to :
the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS said it was very satisfactory, as it
acknowledged that the gentleman had used terms
without understanding what was their meaning.
[A laugh.]
Mr. W1NTHROP said he had not been a very
diligent student of the Message, having in fact had
his attention so absorbed by certain passages in
the first part of it as not to have analysed the resi-
due so carefully; but he was anxious to know if it
contained anything about the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi and other rivers.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he had examined care-
fully—hoping to find some recommendation on
that subject, but had been able to discover none.
Pie should have been glad had it been otherwise;
but, as it was, there was nothing on which to base
a resolution on that subject.
Mr. WINTHROP thanked the gentleman for
having given him official information that the Mes-
sage contained not a word about improving our
rivers.
The question being then taken, all the resolu-
tions were agreed to.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then rose, and Mr. Boyd reported the reso-
lutions which had been adopted. After which—
They were concurred m by the House without
reading.
On motion of Mr. SYICES, the memorial of
Isaac G. Farl.ek, contesting the right of Jotjnt
Rttxk to a seat in this Hou^e. as a member of the
twenty-ninth Congress, fiom the third Congres-
sional distiict of New Jersey, with the papers re-
lative thereto, which were presented and hud on
the table a few days ago, were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to suspend the
rules prescribing the order of business, to enable
members to nuke motions, mou: resolutions, give
notice of motions for leave to introduce bills, and
to introduce hills on notices heretofove given.
The motion to suspend was rejected.
PETITIONS.
At half past two o'clock the Speaker commenced
the call of the States for the presentation of peti- ,
tions under the rules of the House. 1
Petitions were presented by Mr. Hamlin of
Maine, and Mr. Moulton of New Hampshire.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the petition of.
Timothy Cook, of Massachusetts, for an increase
of pension.
On motion of Mr. W., also, the petitions of Al-
exanaer PI. Everett and Matthew Tasker, of Mas- ;
sachusetts, weie taken from the files and referred
to the appropriate committees,
ADMISSION OF TEXAS.
Mr. ADAMS presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of the town of Denmark, m the county of
Lewis, in the State of New York, against the ad-
mission of Texas into the Union as a siaveholdmg
State, and moved that the remonstrance be referred ,
to -a select committee, to be composed of one mem- 1
her from each State. , ■
On this question Mr. ADA?vd"S asked the yeas j
and nays, which were ordered; when, I
A motion was made to adjourn. Negatived. j
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to refer the j
remonstrance to the Committee on Territories, j
which takes precedence of a select committee. 1
This motion prevailed, and so the remonstrance
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. ADAMS then presented sundry other simi- ;
lar remonstrances from citizens of various other .
parts of the State of New York; also from the I
States of Pennsylvania, Maine, Massachusetts, and
Indiana, and moved their reference to the same
committee.
Mr. ADAMS also presented a remonstrance of
ci;z:os of Philadelphia against the appointment of
Chaplains to the two Houses of Congress. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ADAMS said he had received a paper pur-
porting to he a petition from citizens of the State
of Tennessee, which he conceived to be indecent
in its language and disrespectful to this body. He
should therefore decline to present it.
?vFr. ADAMS also presented a memorial of the
widow of the late Lieut. Col. Freeman, of the
IT, S. Marine Corps, complaining of injuries and
injustice received by her husband in his lifetime at
the hands of public officers; which he moved to
refer, without reading, to the Committee on Natal
Affairs, and that it be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alaoama, objected to the
printing, and asked that the memorial be laid over
under the rule, in order to debate the motion to
The memorial was read at the request of Mr.
Adams. . ^ ,
Mr. PIOUSTON had no objection to refer the
memorial, and asked Mr. Adams to withdraw the
motion to print. . . _
Mr. ADAMS stated the hardships complained
of by the memorialist, which were, m fact, a com-
plaint of improper conduct on the part of hi&u
officers of the Government, which (he thought)
ought not to be passed over lightly by the House,
and declined to withdraw the motion to prmt.
The question was then put on the motion to
refer arid print, and it was agreed to.
Here a motion was made to adjourn; but was
waived, to enable the Speaker to lay before the
House sundry Executive communications which
were lying on his table.
CONSTITUTION OP TEXAS.
The message this day received from the Presi-
dent of the United States was then read, and is as
follows:
I To the Senate and House of Representatives:
i L communicate, herewith, a letter received from
i the President of the existing Government of the
Stat ? of Texas, transmitting duplicate copies of the
1 constitution fonned by the deputies of the people
! of Texas in convention assembled, accompanied
; with official information that the said constitution
has been ratified, confirmed, and adopted by the
i people of Texas themselves, m accordance with
i the joint resolution for annexing Texas to the
United States, and in o;dei that Texas_ mignt be
, admitted as une of the States of that Union.
! JAMES IC. POLK,
The message was referred to the Committee on
i Territories, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Commissioner of Public Buildings, with
copies of all contracts niadc by him during the last
year. Referred to the Committee of Pubnc Build-
■ ings and Grounds, and ordered to he printed.
1 The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
j letter from the Secretary of Yfar, transmitting an
; account of transfers of appropriations made in tae
War Department during the last year. Laid on
; the table, and ordered to be printed.
I The SPEAKER laid before the House another
; letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting the
I annual report of applications for pensions which
I have been rejected during the last year. Laid on
j the table, and ordered to be printed.
; Mr. HOPKINS asked leave to introduce a con-
1 current resolution for the appointment of chaplains.
Before he was allowed to do which, the Ilou^e
adjourned.
I PETITIONS.
i Sundrv Petition^, Memorials. &c , were this tiay
! referred to committees, under the rule, without the
; formality of passing them through the House. "We
! have been furnished by the gentlemen referring them
1 with notices of the following: _
Bv Mr. T1BBATTS: The petition of Margaret
Gwinup, of Hamilton county, Ohio, praying for a
PeBy°Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of Tm. A.
Due'r, for payment of a claim.
Petition of Richard Horryman Lee, for the same.
Petition of Patrick Smith, for the same.
Petition of Elijah C. Babbitt, for a pension.
Petition of Elisha Poster, for the same.
Petition of Stacy Lamphire, for the same ^
Remonstrance of citizens of Buffalo, iiew Yor ,
against the admission of Texas as a s>a^e fatate. ^
Remonstrance of citizens of Tsewstead, Erie
county, New York, for the same object.
Remonstrance from the citizens of Ilamhurgn,
Erie county. New York, for the same object.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of John
R. Williams, of Detroit, Michigan, praying for the
payment of damages incurred by the ioss of proper-
ty during the late waririth Great Britain.
By Mr. RATIIBUN: The petitions of Enoch
