1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The Senate then proceeded to the unfinished
business, being the election of Chairmen of the
standing committees.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for Chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
when the result was announced as follows: Mr.
Niles 27> Mr. Barrow 16.
So Mr. Niles was elected Chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chair-
man of the Committee on Roads and Canals; when
the result was announced as follows: Mr. Han-
negan 25, Mr. Corwin 17.
So Mr. Hannegan was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Pensions; when the result was
announced as follows: Mr. Upham 42.
So Mr. Upham was unanimously elected Chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia; when
the result was announced as follows: Mr. Hay-
wood 26, Mr. Miller 16.
So Mr. Haywood was elected Chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office;
when the result was announced a^ follows: Mr.
Cameron 27, Mr. Johnson of Maryland 16.
So Mr. Cameron was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate; when the result was announced as
follows: Mr. Niles 24, Mr. Green 15, Mr. Lewis 2.
So Mr. Niles was elected Chairman of the C'un-
mitte on the Contingent Expenses of die Somite.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the. Committee on the Public Buildings; when
the result was announced as folio-ws: Mr. Cameron
27, Mr. Dayton 15.
So Mr. Cameron was elected Chairman of the
Committee on the Public Buildings.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Printing; when the result was
announced as follows: Mr. Atherton 25, Mr. Up-
ham 14.
So Mr. Atherton was clected Chairman of the
Committee on Printing.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Retrenchment; when the re-
sult was announced as follows: Mr. Lewis 25, Mr.
Morehead 15.
So Mr. Lewis was elected Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment,
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Territories; when the result
was announced as follows: Mr. Westcott 26, Mr.
Bagby 7, Mr. Allen 1.
So Mr. Westcott was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Territories.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Chairman
of the Committee on Engrossed Bills; when the
result was announced as follows: Mr. Chalmers 25,
Mr. Jamagin 2, Mr. Lewis 1, Mr. Allen 1.
So Mr. Chalmers was elected Chairman of the
Committee on Engrossed Bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT then called on Sena-
tors to prepare"their ballots for Chairman of the
Committee on the Library; when
Mr. EVANS suggested that this was not a stand-
ing committee, but a special committee provided for
by a joint resolution.
This committee was then passed over.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the Senate now
adjourn. Ayes 18, noes 20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, informing the Senate that the House
had adopted a resolution to appoint two Chap-
lains, and askmg the concurrence of the Senate
therein.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for the mem-
bers of the Committee on Foreign Relations; when
the result was announced as follows: Mr. Cass
38, Mr. Sevier 38, Mr. Archer 26, Mr. Atherton
38, Mr. J. M. Clayton 1, Mr. Webster 1.
The first four Senators were announced as elect-
ed members of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. JARNACtIN inquired of the presiding offi-
cer how it was understood that the members of
the comnnttce would be arranged as to their order;
whether in an arbitrary manner, or as their names
stood on the ballot.
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that they
would be arranged according to the number of
ballots which each Senator received.
Mr. SEVIER wished distinctly to understand
if the members were to be placed on the com-
mittee in the order in which their names were
announced by the Chair. Should that be the un-
derstanding, the members of the c ommittee would
occupy positions which were not contemplated by
a majority of the Senate; and, m the elections
about to take place, it would be necessary to have
two ballots.
Mr. JARNAGIN wished to know the under-
standing of the Senate on the subject.
Mr. HAYWOOD asked whether the fact of a
member of the committee being pki'-ed next the
chairman gave him any precedence over the others.
As to his own opinion, he regarded it as of very
little importance how the arrangement was made.
He knew of no Parliamentary law which fixed the
order of succession: he knew of no rule of the
Senate which fixed the succession. .As to the
effect of his own ballot, it was altogether accident,
for he had not contemplated the matter in the light
now presented.
Mr. BERRIEN said he was not acquainted with
any Parliamentary law or specific rule of the Sen-
ate, by which any rule of succession was deter-
mined. But the succession had been adopted by
concession, and had become a ruk- nifluencia^ all
the committees on which he had i>ecn (alh-d to
serve. And he had undo) stood (aUhon^b lie had
arrived too late to be a prrxonil pnrnciMator in the
arrangement) that a mutual < oncjiialmy ;u imv^e-
ment had beoji entered into by both sides of the
Senate, with respect to the election of the com-
mittees, as to the order of succession in which the
membeis should stand; and this arrangement was
about to be frustrated by the mode now understood
to be adopted by the Chair, lie thought it best
that a little time should be given fm the inter-
change of views and feeling.s on the subject, with
a view to the correction of the misunderstanding
which evidently existed, and lie did not doubt that
the harmonious setfement of the difficulty would
be the result. He would suggest, therefore, the
propriety of an adjournment, for the purpose of
agreeing on some mode by which the arrangement
to which he had referred might be carried out ac-
cording to the original understanding. He moved
that the Senate now adjourn.
The motion was withdnvwn at the request of
Mr. JARNAGIN said, as regarded his own per-
sonal feelings, he was indifferent as to the position
on which he might be placed on any of the com-
mitters. I-Ie would be just as well satisfied whether
he stood the first or the last. But os he had seen
that, in mmiy of the ballots, the name of any gen-
tleman on his side of the Senate was entirely omit-
ted, and that, in this way, a Senator who had been
generally considered as the understood occupant of
the second place on the committee had not been
so placed, he felt a desire to have a better under-
standing of the principle which was to govern in
the elections about to take place.
Mr. SEVIER said, m his experience it had al-
ways been the practice on the resignation or in the
absence of the chairman of the committee, for the
next member, in the order of the list, to take the
chair. It was important, therefore, to know how
they were placed. Mr. Archer was the third
member of the committee, according to the an-
nouncement of the Chair, and he hoped he would
so remain. Pie would place every Senator, taken
from the other side, the third on the list. The
Senator who has the highest number of votes
should $tand next to the chairman. Pic hoped the
plan of designating the position of each by the
number of ballots cast for him, would be adhered
to. Pie moved that the Senator from Michigan
["Mr. Cass] be the second on the list, and that the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] be placed as
the third m order.
Mr. ARCHER wished to say one word on the
subject. To him it was a matter of the profound-
est indifference whether he occupied one place or
another in the order of arrangement. Whatever
the position ho might occupy, lie would discharge
his duties to the best of his humble abilities. So
far as he was concerned be would do his duty.
I The motion of Mi\ Sevier was then agreed to.
! The Committee proceeded to ballot for members
j of the Committee on Finance; when the result was
■ announced as follows: Mr. Benton 34, Mr. Evans
1 34, Mr. Lewis 31, Mr. Jenncss 27, Mr. Mangum
i 12, Mr. Davis % Mr. Webster 1.
! Mr. SEVIER moved that the members of this
! committee stand in the following order: Mr. Lew-
! is, Mr. Evans, Mr. Benton, and Mr. Jenness.
j Mr. WESTCOTT expressed his decided oppo-
; sition to this mode of procedure. lie had no idea
; tlmt there was, or ought to be, any distinction of
' lank m the committees, or that anything like a
, law or riaht of primogeniture ought to be estab-
i lished here. He was opposed to everything of the
; kind. He was opposed to this infringement of
I the settled irJe of cur institutions arid the univer-
| sal feeling of the country. Should the chairman
1 be absent, in consequence of death or resignation,
' he desired that the Senate should fill the vacancy
' by a new election. But hi regard to relative rank,
he was entirely opposed to it. He .should there-
to) c vote against the arrangement proposed by the
i Senator from Arkansas. Pie was opposed to it
! because he could not recogmze any distinction of
: rank, or, by his vote, give sanction to the principle
i of primogeniture.
i Mr. BERRIEN remarked that a moment's re-
i flection could not fail to convince the Senator from
j Florida that the same result which he desired
; would be obtained by an adherence to the rule and
i practice of the Senate heretofore. In the absence,
resignation, or demise of a member of a commit-
tee, the Senate, in either case, regulates the order
, of ,-uecession. It does so now, m the first instance.
; li is d.me 1)y anticipation. If the views of the
Sep itor from FJondu were carried out, it would
be done after the occasion had taken place. Pre-
■ cisely the same result is obtained in either case.
' Bui, as he thought they would ail attain their ob-
ject much more satisfactorily by taking time to m-
terchanoT ideas on the subject, indifferent as he
pu.'onally felt as to his own position, he would
, Knew bis motion that the Senate now adjourn.
The motion being decided m the affirmative,
The Senate adjourned.
; HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedjcesday, December 10, 1845.
| The, Journal of yesterday w as read and approved.
The SPEAKER said that the regular business
}! under the rule would have been the call of the
j; States for petitions; but that the resolution herc-
j, tofore offered by the gentleman from Virginia,
,1 [Mr. Hopkins,] providing for the appointment of
1; Chaplains, would, inasmuch as it related to the or-
j; ganization of the House, take precedence.
|j ADMISSION OF TEXAS.
\\ Mr. DOUGLASS rose, and asked leave, at this
j; tune, to make a report from the Committee on the
;i Territories.
!i Objections being made,
Mr. DOUGLASS moved a suspension of the
l' rules.
After some conversation, Mr. GRAHAM, of
i'North Carolina, called for the reading of the re-
. port or joint resolution. And it was read, as fol-
i lows:
Resolution for the admission of the State of Texas
ji info the Union.
11 Whereas the Congress of the United States, by
j' a "joint resolution" approved March the jst, 1845,
;; did consent that the territory properly included
within, and rightfully belonging to, the Republic
of Texas, might be erected into a new State, to be
;j called the State of Texas, with a republican form
• i of government, to be adopted by the people of the
j! said republic by deputies in convention assem-
i i bled, with the consent of the existing Govern-
|j ment, in order that the same might be admitted
j[ as one of the States of the Union; which consent
|j of Congress was given upon certain conditions
fi specified in the first and .second sections of said
joint resolution: And whereas the peuplc of the
said Republic of Texas, by deputies in convention
assembled, with the cousent of the existing Gov-
ernment, did adopt a constitution, and erect a new
State, with a republican form of government, and
in the name o{ the people of Texas, and by their
authority, did ordain and declare that they assent-
ed to and accepted the proposals, conditions, and
guaranties contained in the said first and second
