40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
sections of said resolution: And whureas the ^aid
constitution, with the pioper evidence of its adop-
tion by the people of the Republic of Texas, has
been transmitted to *he President of the United
States, and laid before Congress, 111 conformity to
the provisions of said joint resolution: Therefore,
Br if rr.solved by the Senate and IIouce of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stubs of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the State of Texas shall be
one, and is hereby declared to be one, of the United
States of America, and admitted into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever.
Be it further resolved, That, until the represent-
atives in Congress shall be appointed according to
an actual enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States, the State of Texas shall be en-
titled to choose two representatives.
Mr. DOUGLASS was proceeding to explain
that the resolution was founded on the message of
the President, when
The SPEAKER said that, on a mere motion
for priority of business, no debate could be enter-
tained.
The question on the motion to suspend the
rules was then taken; and, two-thirds voting
therefor, the rules were suspended.
And the joint resolution being then before the
House, and having had its first and second
reading—
Mr. DOUGLASS moved that it be mode the
special order of the day for Tuesday next, and
that it be printed.
The SPEAKER put the question on this mo-
tion ; and while in the act of declaring the decision
to be in the allirmative—
Mr. ROCKWELL (as noticed by the reporter)
rose and addressed the Chair.
Simultaneously, Mr. GENTRY rose; and there
being cries of " Member up5' in various parts of
the blouse —
The SPEAKER gave the floor to the last
named gentleman.
But it appearing that the object for which Mr.
Gentry had risen was not connected with any
question before the House, and was not, therefore,
in order—
Mr. ROCKWELL obtained the floor, and
moved that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Uiuon.
The SPEAKER said the motion camc too Kite,
inasmuch as the Chair had announced the decision
on the nioiion of the gentleman from Illino's,
[Mr. DoufiLi.<!s,] to be in die affirmative.
Mr. ROCKWELL *a>d he had risen, ad-
dressed the Chair, and made his motion before the
question w-vs put by the Chair.
The CHATII said the question had been de-
cided, and the subject could only now ho reached
by a motion to reconsider. And then announced
that, as a matter going to the oigani/.utjnn <>f Hie
House, he would receive the resolution winch Mr.
Hopkins desired to offer for ihe appointment of
chaplain?.
Mr. Hot>ki\ts 's resolution wps then received
and read.
Mr. SCHENCK here rose, and sustained the
statement made by Mr. Rockwell, that he had
made his motion before the question was put on
the motion to make the Texas resolution the spe-
cial order for Tuesday.
After some conversation between the Speaker
and several members ns to the matter of fact—
_ Mr. THOxMAS SMITH moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote on the motion of Mr. Dougl-yss
to make the resolution the spccial order for Tues-
day.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
So the joint resolution was made the special
order of the day for Tuesday next.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
^ The House, therefore, resumed the considera-
tion of the following resolution, heretofore offered
by Mr. Hopkins:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two
chaplains to Congress, of different denominations,
be elected, one by each House, to odiciate during
the present session, and that they interchange
weekly. °
Mr. PETTIT, of Indiana, said he believed it
was not competent for a member to offer two
amendments at the same time-, but he presumed
the offering of one would not prevent him from
afterwards offering another. He would now, there-
fore, move, as his first amendment to the resolu-
tion, to strike out the words " of different deno-
minations;" and on this amendment he should
detain the House but a short time.
He xjever had been able to see the object in so
wording the resolution, unless it was to foist upon
one House, or upon the other, religious error in
some form. lie Wd that there was but one true
religion, one true church, one true system of doc-
trine. This all the denominations professed to
teach; whether they practised it or not, was a
different question. However that might be, he
insisted that there was and could be but one true
church, one true ministry, and one true system
of doctrine, as there was but one God. Now,
suppose a candidate should present himself for the
chaplaincy who was professedly an old school
Presbyterian, while all other ministers were too
bashful, too modest, too retiring, too true to the
meek and lowly example of their Divine Master
to present themselves as candidates, except one
Mormon, in what a ridiculous attitude would one
or other of the Houses be placed.
[A v. Lc. " You suppose a case that can't hap-
pen."]
Mr. P. said it was a case thatmighthappen, and
if it wuR not possible, it ought to be. Here, then,
were two candidates, an orthodox Presbyterian and
a Mormon. The Presbyterian might be elected
by one House, and then, under the terms of this
resolution, J he other [louse would be compelled
to choose for its spiritual instructor a man utterly
heterodox. If religion was true, and the minister
of any particular denomination was a promulgator
of that one true religion, why not allow the nomi-
nation of two such candidates? Why compel the
House to listen one week to a preacher of truth,
and the other week to a preacher of error? Could
there be grenter folly thnn to plant a shrub or a
vine one week, and pull it up the next ? This was
his first reason for proposing the amendment.
Another reason was, that the mode proposed was
inconvenient to the members themselves. Sup-
pose, for example, the members of the other branch
of Congress were all of one religious denomina-
tion, and that they made their election of chaplain
first, before the House, they would of course elect
a chaplain in conformity with their own views,
and would of course take a candidate of their own ;
denomination.
Then suppose that the members of the House were
in like manner agreed, and were of the same deno-
mination as the Senate—(he heard gentlemen s round
him suggesting that this was not a supposabie case,
and he doubted indeed whether it was verylikclyto
be realized m fact: he knew there were many pre-
tended months; s and many professed religious de-
\o!.eo',buf unfoiamately their actions too often
sooke a different language from their professions.
He might, however, suppose a case,) and supposing
the House wished to elect a chaplain in conformity
with their own views, ns the Senate had done, how
could they do it under this resolution? Nor was
the case he supposed a mere far-fetched probability:
he believed there were two men of the same de-
nomination now ready and willing to serve, and if
he was right m appreciating some slight breeze of
feeling which was beginning to manifest itself in
the House, both Houses were inclined to elect
men of the same religious creed. One of the two
individuals he had referred to had long served
in the Senate, and the other had, as he under-
stood, received the Democratic nomination in
this House. [A Jaush.] There was another one
whom he did not know from any action of the
person himself, to be formally a' candidate for
election, but who, as he believed, was willing to
serve if he should be elected, and he was of" the
same poliucs and of the same religion too, if in-
deed there was any distinction between those two
things now-a-days; he did not know that there
wa*.
For these reasons, and for the paramount con-
sideration that if the}'* were to have preaching and
proying there was a right and a wrong in it as to
sect, and the effect of the resolution in its present
form would be to compel one or other of the
Houses of Congress to choose error, he had offer-
ed his amendment.
Should tins amendment prevail, Mr. F. had an-
other which he should then present, not with the
remotest view to abolish the rule or abrogate the
practice which had so long prevailed; for he; could,
with the utmost sincerity, declare, as from his in-
most heart, that personally he should be glad to
see the House opened every morning with prayer
But he utterly loathed and despised the prevailing
practice of having any priest who, as such, pro-
fessed to be a commissioned general from the Al-
mighty, begging and electioneering for a corporal's
commission in that Housrev He should be sin-
cerely glad if a man of such a character for talents,
for learning, and for piety, as fitted him to be of
use to the members of that House, should be in-
vited by them to act as chaplain on their behalf.
It would give him satisfaction if the Rev. Dr. A.
or Dr. of Boston, of Charleston, of New Or-
leans, or from any other portion of the Union,
should receive a respectful invitation to that effect,
accompanied by a promise that the members of
the House would handsomely compensate him for
his services. This was the course which ought to
be pursued.
When he came to speak on the second resolu-
tion, he might probably favor the House with the
reading of a few letters which he had received.
In relation to the present amendment, he hoped
that it might rcccive the favor of the House, and
that gentlemen might be left free to choose a chap-
lain of any religious denomination they preferred..
For his own part, he was a Presbyterian, and as
such he should decidedly prefer a Presbyterian
chaplain; but if the Senate should succeed in get-
ting a chaplain of that denomination, no alterna-
tive would be left to him but to turn round and bid
God speed to a man, and put money in his pockex
and bread in his mouth, to enable him successfully
to promulgate error from the Speaker's chair of
the House of Representatives. This he was not
willing to do; he wanted to vote for a man who
held right doctrine; and he was not to be con-
trolled and overruled so as to do his part in havirg
error taught, whether from the Speaker's seat
in this Hall, or the chair of the Vice President in
the other House of Congress.
Mr. HOPKINS did not rise for the purpose of
any debate on this question. The resolution was
in strict conformity with what he believed to be
the uniform practice of this House since the foun-
dation of this Government. He thought any de-
bate on this question (for they had had some de-
bate on it for the last few years) would result
finally in an almost unanimous vote in favor of the
resolution. It was in accordance wi$h established,
usage; and, therefore, to save the time of the
House, and allow them to proceed to other busi-
ness, he asked the previous question.
Mr. PETTIT. Will that cut off other amend-
ments ?
The SPEAKER replied that it would.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to offer another.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded—ayes 90, noes not counted.
Mr. PETTIT asked for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were refused.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected—Mr. Pettit voting very nearly alone in
its ftivor.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the original resolution.
Mr. PETTIT. I believe I will ask to be excused
from voting on the adoption of the resolution ;, pd
I will state my reasons.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ask to
be cxcused ?
Mr. PETTIT. I will state my reasons.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to ask to be excused, and to state succinctly his
reasons for so doino-.
Mr. PETTIT. Of course, sir, I shall do so. I
shall ask to be excused, and shall state succinctly
my reasons for so doing-. And the first reason
(Mr. P. said) was, that he greatly feared the
House would foist upon him a "chaplain whom he
did not like. Some one had been writing him let-
teis claiming the Democratic support.
Mr. HENLEY rose to order. His colleague,
instead, of stating his reasons, exhibiting to
the House letters, received from one of the can-
didates for the chaplaincy.
Mr. PETTIT said that lie had, said no such
thins as that these letters were from one of the
candidates, though he might have said so with
great truth. [A laugh.]
Mr. HENLEY being called on by the Chair to
make his point of order, repeated what he had be-
fore said, that his colleague was not giving reasons
