1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
By Mr. DUNLAP: The remonstrance of James Rand and
others; aiso the remonstrance of Ephraim H.Hart and
otheis, against the admission of Texas as a slave State : laid
on the table The petitiou of Amos Doughty, and petition
of William Brown, for pensions: leferred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. The petition of Holt Ingraham, of
Portland, Maine : referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
By Mr. J. THOMPSON: The remonstrance of the Theo-
logical School of Meadville, against the admission of Texas
into the Union as a slave State: laid on the table. Also, the
petition of Mardes Spauldmg, praying foi a law to entitle
hun to a pension from'1818, on account of injuries received
in the late war: refened to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
IN SENATE. .
Monday, December 15, 1845.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the
9th January lust, in relation to the improvement of
certain streets, avenues, and public squares, in the
city of Washington; the estimated expense of
making the same; and the amount received by the
United States from the sales of public lots in the
city; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, communicating, in conformity with a joint
resolution of Congress, results of the experimen-
tal trials of Putnam's plough-dredger; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a report of the expenditures of
the contingent fund of the department, and its
offices and bureaus, during the year ending June 3,
1845; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Wisconsin, stating the incon-
venience which resulted to the public from the lo-
cation of the land office at Green Bay, and pray-
ing for its removal to Sheboygan, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Land4?.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE also presented two peti-
tions of sundry citizens of Michigan, complaining
that lands purchased by them had been resold,
and praying for the passage of an amendatory act, ;
for the final adjustment of all private land claims
in that State; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE also presented the peti-
tion of Tolcott Rccd, a teamster in the revolution-
ary army, for a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JARNAGXN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Nicholls, a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Oliver Morgan, praying for a confirm-
ation of certain land claims; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, also presented
the petition of W. B. Keene, praying for a con-
firmation of certain -land claims; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BREESE introduced a bill to reduce and
graduate the price of public lands, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Maryland, praying
for the removal of the sand bar at the nmuth of
the Susquehanna, at Havre dc Grace; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tions, which lie over under rhe rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office j
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ;
expediency of-establishing a tri-weeldy mail be- j
tween the city of Mobile and the city of Jackson, j
in the State of Mississippi. i
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands '
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to the States respectively in which they
are situate, alternate sections of the public lands
inundated by the Mississippi river and its outlets,
on condition that the proceeds of the sales of said
sections be applied by said States in the reclama-
tion of said inundated lands by sufficient and per-
manent leveesi *
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing an additional district court of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Arkansas, to hold its
sessions at Van Buren, in Crawford county, in said
State; and also of extending the jurisdiction of
said, court over the adjacent Indian lands in all
cases.
Mr. BENTON, referring to certain reports from
the departments which were laid on the table of
the Senate some days ago, expressed his ignorance
of the disposition which may have been made of
them; but he would move that one of these, the
annual report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, be printed; which motion was agiecd
to.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of the
City Council of St. Louis, praying for an appro-
priation of §75,000 for the improvement of the
liarbor of St. Louis; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENTON also presented two petitions from
E. White—one praying indemnity for property
stolen by the Pawnee Indians residing: on the fron-
tier and within the limits of the United States; and
the other stating that he was appointed agent for
the Indians west of the Rocky mountains; that
after repairing to the seat of his agency, he had
been disappointed in the object for which he was
appointed, and had incurred considerable expenses,
and praying for remuneration; which petitions
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the petition of
W. P. Rohson, praying indemnity for French spo-
I liations prior to ItfOO; which was referred to the
; Committee on Foreign Relations.
! Mr. J. M. CLAYTON also presented the peti-
tion of James Robinson and wife, legal representa-
tives of Richard Wild, deceased, an officer in the
revolutionary army, praying foi arrenis of pen-
sion, with legal interest; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON nko presented a com-
munication from William Greer, printer, propos-
ing to do the printing of the Senate during the
29th Congress; which was laid on the table.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of George
Taylor, praying compensation for losses sustained
by French spoliations; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ARCHER also presented the petition of
James Morgan, a Revolutionary soldier, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. ARCHER also presented n remonstrance
from the citizens of Wootlbury, New Jersey, re-
monstrating against the annexation of Texas as a
slave State; which was laid on the table.
Mr. LEVY presented the petition of Benjamin
D. Hewitt, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented (he petitions of William
Butterfield and Hugh W. Dobbin, praying for
pensions; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition of Clara
D. Cobb, widow of Thomas Cobb, praying for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
NATIONAL DEFENCE.
Mr. CASS moved that the following resolutions,
submitted by lum on Tuesday last, he now taken
up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire info the condition of
the national fortifications and of their armaments,
and whether other defensive works are necessary;
and into the condition and quantity of the military
supplies; and into the state of the means possess-
ed by the Government for the defence of the
country.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the present condition of
that ^reat branch of the public service, and into
the state of the militia laws; and that thev be fur-
ther instructed io report such changes in the exist-
ing system as will give more experience and effi-
ciency to that arm of defence, and will place it
in the best condition for protecting the country,
should it be exposed to foreign invasion.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instiacted to inquire into the condition of the
navy of the United States, and into the quantity
and condition of the naval supplies now on hand,
and whether an increase of them is not necessary
to the efficient operations of the navy, and to its
preservation and augmentation; and, generally,
into its capacity for defending our coast and our
eonmieice"1, and for any service the exigencies of
the country may probably require.
The motion was agreed to; and, the resolutions
being under consideration,
iVfr. CASS rose in explanation of his object in
submitting these resolutions. It was impossible
(he said) to peruse the Picsidcnt's ?vtcssage, and
to observe the indications of public sentiment
winch ore crowding upon us from every quarter,
i! without benu: aware thet a crisis is fast approoeh-
j mg m the mtm-ouive between this country and
j, Great Britain, v. inch demands rhe serious consio
|! eration, and may require the coidiol and active
!; co-operation, of the whole American people. The
! President ha* told us that the negotiations respect-
ing Oregon, if they hate not reached a close, have,
at any rate, reached a position almost equivalent
to it." The claims of the respective nations are
utterly irreconcilable; and a compromise, by a vol-
untary sacrifice of a portion of their pretensions
by one party, or by both, or a submission of the
whole matter in controversy to some foreign Pow-
er, seem the only alternatives by which peace can
be preserved.
Oar Government has already declined to submit
our rights to foreign arbitration. That is a pro-
cess which, under equal circumstances, may well
be adopted by independent nations to terminate
disputes, which would otherwise seek th° arbitra-
ment of war. It preserves the honor of both par-
ties, and ought to preserve the just interests of
both. It substitutes reason for force, and is there-
fore suited to the advancing opinions of the age,
and to the duties and feelings of Christian commu-
nilics. But these equal circumstances do not exht
in our present dispute with England. There are
obvious consideration?, into which I need not enter
here, growing out of the relative situation of thct
country and of ours, with those Powers of Euiope
from -whom an arbitiator would almost necessarily
be selected, and out of the influence she possesses
over their counsels, and, I may add, growing out
of the nature of our institutions, and the little favor
these enjoy at present upon the Eastern continent,
which may well have made the Government hesi-
tate to submit important interests, at this particu-
lar juncture, to such a tribunal. It may well have
thought it better to hold on to our right, and to
hold on also to our remedy, rather than commit
both to a royal arbitrator. War is a great ca-
lamity, and ought to be avoided by all proper
means; but there are calamities greater than war,
and among these is national dishonor.
I did not rise, sir, as wdl be seen, to discuss m
whole or in part the question of our right to Ore-
gon. That subject will come up in its own time.
There may be some difference of opinion, as well
in Congress as m the na+ion, respecting the terri-
torial extent of that right; though I teke this op-
portunity of expressing my entire and hearty con-
currence in the claim as advanced bv the President.
But I am sure there is no great party, and I trust
there are few individuals m this country, who are
prepared, eve in an extreme spirit of compro-
mise, to accept the most liberal offer that England
has yet made. Her pretensions and ours aie .m>
widely separated, that there .seems no middle
ground on which to meet. Our most moderate
claim, and her most libcial ofl< r, ic-ave the naitics
asunder by seven decrees of latitude, and by a
large portion of the territory in quest:on. What,
then, is our condition ? Can we reecder Can we
stand still: or must we advance ?
As *o receding, it is neither to be discussed nor
thought of. 1 refer to it bat to denounce it—a
denunciation which will find a response in every
American bosom. Nothing is ever gained by ra-
tional pusillanimity. And the country v, hich .seeks
to purchase temporary security by yielding to un-
just pretensions, buys present ens." at the cxpeme
of permanent honor and safety. It <-ov, s the wind
to reap the whirlwind. I have said ckewhcrc,
what I will repeat here, that it is better to ftrhtfbr
the first inch of national territory than for the last.
It is better to defend the door sill than +'ne hearth
stone—the porch than the altar. National char-
acter is a richer treasure than gold or silver, oi.d
