1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
ed, it was, of course, withdrawn. And what fol-
' lowed the withdrawal? The President expressly
j, denied the whole claim of Great Britain to the
. territory. The Secretary of State instantly arl-
. dressed a powerful ajid conclusive argument to the
British Government, covering the entirety of our
claim, and negativing the claims of England to a
- single foot of the territory. This was the position
in which the matter stood; and we have got to
stand to our ground, or recede under a cloud.
* The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] seemed
to suppose that the bare fact of making a com-
promise a basis of negotiation implied a concession
by this Government of some right on the part of
the British Government. But, he (Mr. Allen)
denied that a proposition to compromise conceded
rights on either side. It abandoned, merely for
the time being, material claims, not material rights.
He therefore said that the Government of the
united States, by an admission of this proposition,
had never acknowledged the right of Great Britain
to one inch of this territoiy to 54° 40'; beyond it
we have no claim. All we have done was to
recognise the existence of a claim—we recognised
no right. In the treaty, or convention, stipulating
for a joint occupation, the idea of that was utterly
excluded—neither party acknowledging or deny-
ing that of either; but agreeing, for the sake
ol peace, to an indefinite joint occupation of the
country. The existence of this convention was,
in itself, a contract between the two countries
and did not acknowledge the right of either to a'
loot of the territory. The first convention was
made on its face to terminate in ten years; it was
confined to possession, and not to the right of (he
parties. The other convention, by which the first
was renewed, was indefinite as to the term, but
stipulated that either party, at a year's no'tire
might put an end to the possession. He said, then,'
that the United States did not acknowledge to'
Great Britain n single inch of territory on the Pa-
cific. The Executive of the United"States con-
ceded no light to Great Britain; and the Govern-
ment of the United States had placed itself, by the
coercive circumstances of the case, brought about
by foolish dipiomaey, in a position from which
it could not recede short of 54° 40'. Wishino- to
take the question, he asked the pardon of "the
fesnate for trespassing upon their patience, and
pledged himself that he would speak no more upon
the subject. r
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON wished to give a few
reasons for lus vote on the resolutions. He pro-
tested against any construction which would im-
j>ly that he was drawn from the immediate ques-
tion involved in the resolutions. He had no inten-
tion to go into an argument whether we are to go
to war with Great Britain or any other Power.
He was for the defence of the country, and in-
creasing the naval and military preparations, whe-
ther we were to have war or not. For fifteen
years past, if not much longer, we had been in a
weak condition; our seacoast undefended, mid hut
a small navy for so extensive a country as ours.
He remembered well, and gentlemen on that floor
would recollect, that, after crimination and re-
crnmnahon on opposite sides of this chamber, the
question was. Who was to blame? What party
was to be censured > What class of men was to
be blamed for having so Ions;- neglected the de-
fences of the country? About 1836, it will he re-
membered, (the Senator from Missouri, now in his
eye, Mr. Benton", will remember) that resolutions
were introduced m this body, and in the course of
debate the party with which he (Mi. Ci aytoV)
acted was arraigned for refusing to vote for the
three millions proposed as an amendment, in
which they (the Whigs) were charged by their
opponents (the Democrats) with a want of jmtrint-
lsa1' '^hey (the Whigs) were charged with on
unwillingness to vote money necessary for the do-
fence of the country, and they attempted to defend
themselves against the accusation; and he was of
opinion, at the time, the charge was thrown back
on their political opponents. They had called
on the country to note the fact, that ever since
1829, and during that whole period, nothing had
been done for the effective defence of the country
On that occasion a Senator from Pennsylvania,
(Mr. buciiAtfAN] now occupying the situation of
secretary*of State, presented to the Senate and to
the country a speech on our defenceless condi-
tion, and pathetically appealed to the country, in
his strong and eloquent language, for aid to plac.
it in a proper condition for effective defence, and
invoked the denunciation of the party which had
left it so long undefended. It was thought at that
time we were to have a war with France. He
now asked the Senate and the country to look
back through the legislation of Congress since 1835
and 1836, and tell them (the Senate) what had been
done by the party or parties in power. When all
men admitted that the country was in a defence-
less condition, and that we should he placed in a
condition to meet a foreign enemy, what was done?
.Nothing; almost nothing! Forts which had gone
down were permitted to remain so. The fortifi-
cations in the Delaware river, which were burnt
down, were still left in ruins. Not a gun was
mounted all the way down from the city of Phila-
delphia, on both sides the Delaware, except at
Fort Mifflin. At the mouth of the river we had
erected a breakwater, but it was left in an ineffi-
cient condition. Last war we were assailed at
this point, and the enemy kept annoying us, until
our best allies—the storms and frosts of winter 
compelled them to retreat. Now you have imule
safe harbor for them, not a step had been taken
to put this river in a state of defence. For this j
reason he was in favor of the resolutions, whether |
we were to have war or not; hut he did not wish j
to be understood by his vote that the country was
going to war. Assuming that the country was to
remain at peace for years to come—as a* sensible
man, he could not expect to remain at peace for-
ever—and therefore it was their imperative duty
to prepare for war hereafter.
The Seuatoi from Connecticut [Mr.' Nilks] re-
marked that the best means of preserving peace
was, to prep.ue for war: and in the course of the
i] remarks of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. At,li:v,]
:i that gentleman took occasion to say, thnt one of
j the most important modes of preparing the coun-
j try for wnr and self-defence, was to prepare the
hearts of the people for the war. The great mo-
tive of the discussion, from this remark, he (Mr.
Clayton) thought, was, that the hearts of the
j people might be prepared by the discussion for the
i war.
i Mr. ALLEN asked leave to explain. Hem^de
I the remark with reference to what was said by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,]
that there were two modes of preparation : one of
which was to prepare quietly, and the other was
to prepare publicly, '
Mr. WEBSTER replied, that the Senator was
quite mistaken. He said there were two ways in
which a government might proceed—a wise" and
an unwise one. The one was, to create an appre-
hensionfthat war must ensue, and make no pro-
vision for it; and the other, and wiser one, was, not
to create an apprehension, hut go on and make
effectual preparations to meet war, if war should
come.
Mr. ALLEN responded. I was examining the
maxim, that in pence we should prepare for war;
and L was showing the impossibility of acting on
such a system m our country. The gentleman
from Delaware had stated that I assumed that it,
must be n preparation of the hearts of the people.
When this discussion commenced, I did not know
that a protracted debate would ennie. I took a
parf in it, because T saw nothing in the speech of
the Senator from Michigan calculated to create an
alarm. I say, that if we are to levy taxes, for ihe
purpose of increasing the army and navy, we
must assign reasons'in defence of our course.
, This was my idea; and we are, therefore, bound
| to prepare the will, the hearts of the people, for
| our measures. Congress would he derelict from
| its duty if it acted otherwise. There is no danger
| of ahrming the American people; but we are
. hound to lay our reasons for our action before
i them, to show that we are not engaged in child's
| play. I am always governed by the invariable
maxim, that nothing should be kept secret from
the people.
Mr. CLAYTON. The explanation for which
I cave way, has been as long as a speech. The
gentleman has not denied that he said this debate
had for its object to prepare the hearts of the peo-
ple for war. And his meaning may be explained
by another remark which fell from him, and which
T desire to place in juxtaposition. He said that
the people would compel the Government to go to
war for Oregon. Now, then, we are to understand
that this discussion has been got up here to pre-
pare the hearts of the people for war, and then the
people are to compel the Government to go to
war.
Mr. ALLEN. Would the Senator from Dela-
ware have the Government go to war against the
feelings of the people?
Mr. CLAYTON. No. But 1 would have the
people instruct the Senators, and not that the Sen-
ators should instruct the people; that the people
should preparethehearts of Senators, and not that
Senators should prepare the hearts of the people.
He lemembered, some years ago, that Senators
lashed themselves and the country into a war
fever. A general apprehension went abroad that
the country was going into war. The Senate was
nearly undivided on the subject of our northeast-
ern boundary. We wAre all unanimous against
the award of the Kino; of the Netherlands. We, on
our side of the Senate, made a stand against the
award, and some of our friends from the other
side joined us, and we voted down the award.
There was as gieat a talk then about our indispu-
table rights as there is now; and there prevailed
as great an outcry of indignation as now. X w..s
then [said Mr. *0.] a young member of the 8o/>-
ate. and I was much alarmed, and believed that
we were on the eve of a war. Older Senators,
however, continued quite calm: they felt no alarm.
We came outof that difficulty without war. Theie
was another occasion when as much patriotic
steam let off, as there has been now. There was
a danger of a war with France. We passed reso-
lutions to insist on our rights. There wes quite
as much talk of war—there were as many patri-
otic speeches here, and in the other House, as we
have had now But that danger passed off. And
now, when there is no greater matter than the
!j navigation of a distant river in question, that two
|; great and enlightened nations should go to war, is
j. to me incredible. But jf we do, from the moment
that the declaration of war is made, I stand under
!' the American flag1, ready to fight for my country,
: as I hope every other man, heie or elsewhere, will.
But I look merely to the resolutions, and will not
; suppose the possibility of wnr. Let us not hold
out to Great Britain the idea that we are about to
to war. Let us not again lash ourselves and
j the country into a war fever, but go calmly into
j our preparations for national defence. Wc can-
j not build ships in haste. What we now have are
i badly constructed. Works cannot be constructed
; hastily. Let us now make our preparations in
] time of peace, that whenever a rupture with any
j Power shall take place, we may be ready.
! Contrast our course with that of Great Britain.
We talk, while she prepares. While we make
speeches, day after day, she is perfecting her pre-
parations.
T will only add that, in giving my vote for these
resolutions, I desire not to be understood as giving
my opinion whether we are about to have war or
pence. Iam ready to go on with our preparations,
under any circumstances.
Mr. BREESE said that it was not his purpose
to participate in the discussion of the vario'us mat-
ters which had sprung up out of the resolutions
! under consideration, and it seemed to him some-
i what remarkable that so much should have been
' said relative to propositions on which bo+h sides of
the House were agreed. He had no doubt, from
the opinions expressed, that the resolutions would
be unanimously adopted: and he thought it not an
appropriate time to open up the discussion of our
rights to Oregon, or of the policy to be pursued
in relation thereto; nor did he think it necess-iry
for him to express an opinion as to what would Ke
the result of action upon the resolutions, or upon
the noticc to terminate the joint occupancy of that
territory, should it be given, and which' he sin-
, eerelv hoped icovhl he given. These resolutions
were merely resolutions of inquiry, not calculated
to elicit debate.
. Mr. B. said he had merely risen for the purpose
of correcting an error into which the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Berries] had fallen, and which had
been adopted by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Clatton,] who had just taken his seat. They both
seemed to think, and so argued, that the only
matter in dispute between this country and Gieat
Britain was the free navigation of the Columbia
river, and that that matter was not worthy of con-
test. Mr. B. did not so understand the question-
the correspondence upon this subjcct showed clearly
that questions of far greater importance than th'e
mere navigation of a river were involved in the
