1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
Mr. WOOD, of New York, asked leave to re-
cord his vote.
The SPEAKER called the attention of the gen-
tleman to the refusal of the House, just signified
in the case of Mr. Burt.
Mr. WOOD persisted in his motion for leave.
But it was refused by the House.
Mr. HARALSON (Chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs) rose to make an explanation.
He said, that at the time of the meeting of the
House, that committee was in session. He had
come into the House as soon after the adjourn-
ment of the committee as possible. The mime of
Mr. Henley was being called as he (Mr. Haral-
son) took his seat, though several names were
called as he passed down the bar. He thought he
was within the bar before the name next to his
own had been called, though he could not speak
positively. Several gentlemen, however, had in-
formed him that such was the fact. And he sub-
mitted whether, in this view of the case, he should
not be allowed to vote.
No objection being made, Mr. H. recorded his
vote in the negative.
Mr. McCONNELL submitted a motion that
members generally who had not voted, should be
allowed to vote.
The question was not entertained hy the Chair.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Blanc'nard, Buffington, William
W. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Coilamer,
Cranston, Culver, Cummins, Darragh, Delano,
Dixon, Ewing, Foot; Giddings, Grinnell, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, Samuel
D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. Itigerso'l, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Mollvaine,
Marsh, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Sev-
erance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stewart, Strong, Benjamin Thompson,
Tilden, Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop, and
Woodruff—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Baker, Barrim>er, Bayly, Bedinger,
Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A. Elm-It,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brinlcerhoif, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, William G. Brown, Cabell, John H.
Campbell, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, R
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke,
Collin, Constable, Crozier, Cullom, Cunningham,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, DeMott,
Dobbin, Dockery, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Edsall, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Gra-
ham, Grider, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley,
Hilhard, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins,
Hough, George S. Houston, Hungerford, James
B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Pres-
ton King, Thomas B. King, Lawrence, Leake,
Lcib, Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean,
McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McCrate,
McDowell, MeGaughey, M'cHenry, McKay, J.
p: Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, Moul-
ton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill,
Perry, Pettit, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter,
Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Scammon, Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Simms, Simp-
son, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, St. John, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux,
Thomasson, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tibbatts, Treadway, Trumbo, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodward,
Woodworth, Yancey, Yell, and Young—-142. j
So the House determined that the resolution [
should not be laid on the table.
THE JOURNAL.
Mr. PETTIT, at this stage of the proceed-
ings, rose to move an amendment of the Journal.
He regretted, he said, the practice which had been
adopted in this House of dispensing with its read-
ing. He had not been reported in either of the
newspapers yesterday, and he thought he was in
the same predicament so far as the Journal was
concerned. He had presented a petition from a
Revolutionary soldier, Francis Strother, praying
to be reimbursed or paid for certain spurious or
worthless money paid him for revolutionary ser-
vices. In order that it might have the more pub-
licity, it had, on his (Mr. P. 's) request, been read
at the Clerk's table; and it had been referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. Of this,
no mention appeared on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the petition is entered on the Journal in the
usual form.
Mr. PETTIT. One word further. It is not
done in connection 
Mr. McCONNEL rose to order.
Mr. PETTIT called for the reading of the Jour-
nal.
Some conversation followed; after which—
The SPEAKER stated that the reading of the
Journal having been dispensed with, the Clerk
had permitted it to pass from his table with a view
to its being printed. The Clerk had sent for it,
stating at the same time that he was satisfied that
the matter alluded to by the gentleman would be
found in the proper place.
Mr. PET1IT said he was satisfied it would not
be found there any more than it had been found m
the papers. The next motion he should make
would be, to dispense with some of the reporters.
[This idea seemed to tickle the House.]
A pause ensued.
After which, the Journal having been brought
in, the Clerk read therefrom the usual notice of
the presentation of the petition to which Mr. P.
had referred.
Mr. PETTIT inquired whether that sheet had
been presented to him as the Journal of the House
this morning?
The answer given, if any, was not heard.
Mr. PETTIT then said it appeared on the Jour-
nal that he had also presented a petition from citi-
zens of Cincinnati. The petition had been dis-
tinctly endorsed with the number of the petitioners.
It was the petition of Joel Brown and four hundred
others on a certain subject. He desired that the
Journal should be amended so as to embrace these
facts.
Ordered accordingly.
ADMISSION OP TEXAS.
The SPEAKER now announced that the ques-
tion before the House was on the engrossment of
the joint resolution for the admission of the State
of Texas into the Union. And on that question
the previous question had been demanded. The
question, therefore, was, Will the House second
the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. DOUGLASS rose, and said he desired to
say a few words by way of personal explanation.
[Many dissentient cries in various parts of the
hall, mingled here and there with a faint assent of
" leave."]
After a brief conversation between Mr. Gid-
dings and the Speaker, and the House objecting
to hear Mr. Douglass,
The SPEAKER proceeded to take the question
on the demand for the previous question.
And the affirmative vote stood 69.
Mr. HAMLIN demanded tellers; and they were
ordered accordingly.
And the question having been again taken, the
vote stood yeas 91, nays 85.
So there was a second to the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question; which were ordered
and taken.
During this process some interruptions took
place, on interrogatories from Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, P. King, and Morse, as to the effect
on the subject before the House of the refusal to
order the main question.
[The effect of such a refusal would have been to
throw the subject from before the House for this
day, and it would have come up agam to-morrow
on the question of ordering the main question.]
Mr. BR1NKERH0FF inquired whether, if the
House should now refuse to order the main ques-
tion, it would be m order to move to reconsider
the vote by which the demand for the previous
question had been seconded i
The SPEAKER said it would not.
Mr. McDOWELL explained that he had given
his vote in the negative, supposing that a majority
would so vote, ai}d with the intention of moving a
reconsideration. But as it appeared that a ma-
jority bad seconded the demand, he should now
record his vote in the affirmative.
And the vote was then announced as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs, James Black,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhofi',
Brodhead, Milton Brown, William G. Brown,
Burt, Cabell, John H. Campbell, Cathcart, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Constable, Cul-
•i-. 1  -  ^.T-.rw MomiqI ToAfli-onn T|q rnC!
IJllIj J_^UUglCl>3iO} iictii) j. wi
Ficklin, "Foster, Gentry, Giles, Graham, Haral-
son, Henley, Hilliard, Hoge, Hopkins, George S.
Houston, E. W. Hubard, Hunter, Charles J.
Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Thomas Butler ling, Lawrence, Lcakc,
Leib, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClernand,
McConnell, McCrate, McDowell, MeGaughey,
McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morse,
Moulton, Norris, Payne, Pendleton, Perrill, Per-
ry, Pettit, Price, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts,
Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Simms,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, St. John, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux,
Thomasson, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tibbatts, Treadway, Wentworth,
Wick, Williams, Woodward, Woodworth, Yan-
cey, and Yell—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,uincy Adams,
Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Benton,
Blanchard, Buffington, W. W. Campbell, John
G. Chapman, Coilamer, Collin, Cranston, Crozicr,
Culver, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, DeMott,
Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap, Ellsworth,
Ewing, Foot, Fries, Garvin, Giddings, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grider, Grinnell, Grover, Hamlin,
Hampton, Haiper, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes,
Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Ilubbiud,
Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Janus
B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Dmuel P.
King, Preston King, Lewis, McClean, McClcl-
land, McHenry, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, ?,Joi-
ns, Niven, Owen, Parish, Pollock, R anisey,
Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Russell, Sawtelle, Schenck, Seaman,
Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Benjamin Thorn; s-;n,
Tilden, Tiumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wli eaton, White,
Winthrop, Wood, Woodrulf, and Young—90.
So the House decided that the mamJquestion
should now be taken: (which main question was
on ordering the bill to a third reading.)
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL and Mr. SCHENCK
asked for the yeas and nays, (which were subse-
quently ordered.)
Mr. McHENRY and Mr. COLLAMER called
for a division, so as to take the question separately
on the first resolution.
The SPEAKER decided that the question was
not divisible.
And the Clerk being about to call the roll—
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT rose and asked-
to be excused from voting; and he said he wjuld
make a brief verbal statement of his reasons.
It was conceded that this was one of the most
important and momentous measures that had over
been presented to the American Congress since the
foundation of the Government. It was a measure
involving mighty interests, leading to vast results,
and which would affect the future destiny of this
nation to an extent beyond the power of lma^ina-
tion to conceive. On such a measure he was°now
required to vote without an opportunity having
been allowed for one word of debate or to examine
the constitution which had been submitted m be-
half of this new territory. He denounced the pro-
ceeding as a violation of that freedom of discussion
and debate which was the right of an American
freeman.
DROMGOOLE and Mr. C. J. INGER-
SOLL rose, and severally called Mr. Hunt to
order.
The SPEAKER (recognising Mr. Dromgoole.)
1 he gentleman will state his point of order. '
Mr. DROMGOOLE. The gentleman has asked
to be excused from voting. He commences with
a dissertation on the magnitude of the measure,
and then proceeds to a denunciation of it. Is that
a reason, such as is contemplated by the rule, why
the gentleman should be excused from voting ?
Mr. HUNT. If the House will allow me but
a moment, I will state specifically the reasons why
1 wish to be excused. I have no desire to take ad-
vantage of the courtesy of the House. I submit
that no member is bound to vote on so grave a
question as this without having had an opportu-
