62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
nity to express his opinions, and ^to offer such
amendments as he deems due to his constituents
and the country. And in refusing to vote, I am ,
peismarted that I shall be sustained, not only by :
my constituents, hut by the country. I
Air. WEJST'WORTII. I move that the gen-
tienum he excused. i
j\Jr. CHAPMAN (to the Chair.) Will the gen- ,
tloman now be allowed to voter
[Several voices, "Hope not.5']
The Speaker did not reply.
And Mr. LIunt was excused from voting.
The main question was then taken, and decided :
as follows: j
YEAfc?—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, At- ,
kmson, Baker, I>amn::er, Bayly, Bedj tiger,
Jainrs PAm k, 3ns. A. Dhiclv, Uowlin, Boyd, Brink- |
crhofT, Pnodhead, Milton Biown, "Wm. (j. Drown, 1
T.urt, Cabell, J. H. Campbell, Cathcart, Au^nslus
A. Chapman j Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, J
Ohrke/Oohb, Cocke, Colin, Constable, Crozicr,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunmn&hnm, Daniel, Jeiler- ;
son Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dock- i
cry, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dtmlap, Ellsworth, J
Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin, l
Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Gfu- j
dor, Grover, Hamlin, X'iaralson, Henley, Milliard, j
Huge, Hopkins, Rough, George S. Houston, E. i
W. Ilubard, Hungerfbrd, James B. Hunt, Hun- j
ter> Charles J. In^ersoll, Jenkins, James H. John- j
(■on, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George j
"W. Jones, Seaborn Jone^, Thomas B. King1, Law- j
vence, Leake, Leib, Lir^on, Lumpkin, Muclny, i
[cClean, McClelland, McClemand, McCoimell, j
iVLrCVate, McDowell, ? IcHenry, McKay, Joliu |
V. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, j
Moulton, JNiven, JNorris, Owen, Parish, Payne, j
IN.lidlf'ton, VevnII, Ferry, PeUit, Price, Rathbun, :
licid, Relfe, Ritinr, Roberts, Itussell, >Sa\v telle, !
S'\ldon, A. D. Sims, L. li. Snmns, Simpson, ;
T't->nias Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens, j
St. John, Strong, Svkes, Thibodeaux, Thomas-|
son, James Thompson, 3ac<">b Thompson, Tlntr- |
man, Tibbatts, Toombs, Ti'ondway, I nnnno, j
Yvrcnlw.:rth, Wick, Williams, AVilmot, Wood- ;
ward, "Woodwortb, Yancey, "Veil, and Young—i
1-1]. !
IS AYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Gtumcy Adams,
Amokl, Aslmum, Blanchard, Bnlhn^ton, W. W.
Campbell, John G. Chapman, Collamer, Cranston,
Ciilvei, Daira^h, Delano, Dixon, tawing, Foot,
Gitidings, Griniicll, Hampton, f-Jarner, lleinck,
Ehas B. Holmes, John "W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington limit, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Lewis,
Levin, McGaugdiey, Mtflvaine. Marsh, Miller,
Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Rank, Schenek, Seaman, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb D. Smith,
Stewart, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden,
Yiuiee, Vinton, Wheaton, "White, Wiuthrop,
Wood, and Woodruff—57.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a third
rending at this time.
And having been read a third time by its title;
ond the question being, " Shall this joint resolution
!' Mr. JULIUS ROCKWELL (from among a Lost
of competitor*) obtained the floor, and inquired
whether ijiis question was debateable?
The, SPEAKER. It is.
jVIr. ROCKWELL thereupon addressed the
IT,,as,'. Hi; said, that he rose for the purpose of
opposing the further passage of these resolutions;
and he took the j.resent opportunity to give, some
of th< yf winch governed him in tlutt (opposi-
tion. Ixcnnse lie !; "1 no other opportunity, and
there was every rc.son 1o believe that this was the
'-nly moment which would he afforded him. Nor
should he, perhaps, even now occupy the House
with any remarks 011 tins subject, were it not for
(he m inimi- situation 111 which he stood. lie was
eve 'of the members of the standing' committee on
the Territories, to v. hicli these resolutions had been
referred. That reference took place on Wednes-
day of last week: at the close of the sitting of
Co'ngicss of that day, notice was; given by the
chairman that, the committee would meet 011 the
day following; and on Thursday, accordingly, the
committee met, and the resolutions were foiling ith
reported to tho House. The constitution agreed
upon by the people of Texas, and submitted for
the judgment of Congress, liad not on that day
been printed, and ilr.ll. had, consequently, been
afforded no opportunity to examine its details; and
it was not until yesterday that that document had
been laid on the 'tables of members, or any oppor-
tunity allowed them for its examination. L"ven
now he spoke without having had_ the requisite
time for a clear understanding of all its provisions.
Nereitheless, with such light as he did possess,
he had risen briefly to submit his views, bccausc
many of his own immediate constituents had pre-
sented to this House remonstrances against the
measure of annexation. Many other citizens of
Massachusetts had done the same, and a similar
course had been pursued by very many in other
States. Situated, therefore, as he was, he could
do no more than seek every opportunity which
might be presented to him, as their organ, to pre-
sent their objections to the measure as he might
be aoie.
These remonstrants were not exclusively of any
political party, for they did not esteem this a party
question. Such was its paramount importance
to the present and future interests of the whole
Union, that it rose far above all party considera-
tions, and it was not to be treated or thought of as
a party measure. Those of his own constituents
who had signed those memorials were of all the
great parties 111 the community; not only of the
two great and leading parties which divided the
country, but many of them belonged to what was
called the Liberty party, as distinguished from the
other two. In behalf of all these remonstrants,
he claimed to occupy the brief period of time
which would be at his command this day.
Mr. It. said he should put his opposition to these
resolutions on no narrow ground. He was not j
now opposed, nor should he ever be opposed, to
the extension of the jurisdiction of the United
States and all our admirable institutions over any
extent of territory which rightly belonged to us;
nor was he opposed to the assertion of our rights
to tciritoi y where those rights existed. His op-
position, and the opposition of his State, was not
at all in that .spirit, and lie trusted never would be.
The sentiment of the people of Massachusetts
was in favor of extending our territorial limits and
legal jurisdiction quite to the shores of the Pacific
ocean, but within such limits to the north or the
south as justly pertained to us. He had no doubt
that when the proper time came, the people of his
State would be found to be 110 laggards in such a
cause. Indeed, it was the genius of the sons of
Massachusetts which had already secured great
masses of territory to the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted .States Government. She' had had under this
Government two Secretaries of State, both of
whom had set forth her claims in a manner worthy
of them, of her, and of the country at large.
This was the work of a quarter of a century: it
had been powerfully aided by an eminent son of
Massachusetts near him, his aged and venerable
colleague, [Mr. Adams.] His head and his genius
had been m it. God bless him! And might the
ear wlni h had heard the roar of the guns at Bun-
ker Hill yet be permitted to listen to the solemn
breaking of tho Pacific surges on the extreme
boundary of his native land! And might the eye
which hud looked upon the smouldering rums of
Charlestown yet behold the national stripes and
stars floating in acknowledged and peaceful juris-
diction over the whole wide extent of lior terri-
tory !
But the question now before us was one of a
very different character: it regarded the acquisition
of a foreign State. This was a matter which could
not be done as had been proposed at the last Con-
gress; it was the acquisition of a foreign Territory,
and the annexation of a foreign State. There had,
indeed, been certain proceedings in Texas which
brought the question again before Congress; but all
must well recollect the strenuous effort and the
, stringent arguments put forth at the last Congress
! against, the constitutionality of such a proceeding,
j It had at that time been earnestly maintained that
; such acquisition and annexation could not be ac-
complished as was proposed'—by a joint resolution
of the tw o Houses, to receive the assent of Texas,
and then to be finally consummated here. It had
at that time been contended that the JNTational Union
of our States was in tho nature of a copartnership,
and that the. admission of a foreign State as a new-
partner into the firm, required the assent of all the
States, and of all the people of the States now con-
stituting the Confederacy. It was insisted that the
very lowest form iu which the object could be accom-
plished, if at all, was by the exercise of the treaty-
making power, and that all other modes of attempt-
ing it were in palpable opposition to the Constitu-
tion. In addition to all which, it was still further
maintained that such were the relations of Mex-
ico and Texas, that it was indispensable, according
to the lawsof nations, that Mexico should become a
party to such a transaction. Some of these reasons
and arguments remained in full force to this day.
As to the last of them, that in relation to Mexieo,
Mr. R. should say nothing, inasmuch as the House
had been apprized by the President, in his Execu-
tive Message, that a distinguished citizen had been
deputed to Mexico as a commissioner, with full
powers to arrange all difficulty between that Gov-
ernment and our own. And Mr. R. was willing
to do nothing which might by possibility embar-
rass the negotiations of his country with any for-
eign power. — s
annexation of Texas could dc made by an exer-
cise of the treaty power, or by consent of the States
and of the people of this Union, they were ques-
tions still open before this country and the world.
It had been held by the Administration which im-
mediately preceded that now in power, that the
very lowest mode by which the annexation could
be effected was by the exercise of the treaty-ma-
king power; and under this persuasion a. treaty
had been actually entered into and submitted to
the Senate for ratification, but subsequently re-
jected by that body. Then it was that the new
mode of accomplishing it by the adoption of a joint
resolution had been first proposed, and the discove-
ry had been made that there existed under the Con-
stitution an additional power in the two Houses,
which enabled them to agree to the annexation of a
foreign State to the Union.
Now, Mr. R. insisted that when the treaty sub-
mitted by President Tyler to the Senate had been
rejected, there was an end to all constitutional pro-
ceedings to accomplish that object, and he held
that all which had been done subsequently was
without any constitutional warrant. "What had 111
fact been done? A joint resolution of the two
Houses liad been passed giving the consent of Con-
gress to the formation by Texas of a State, which
might at a certain time and under certain condi-
tions apply for admission as a State into this
Union. The consent of Congress was thus given,
and on the basis of that consent the whole subse*
quent operation was to proceed. News was car-
ried to Texas that such a consent had been given,
and on that mere consent, and nothing more, the
President made an overture to Texas, apprising
her that she might, an the conditions stated, make
her application. Consent, and consent only, was
the extent of the joint resolution: " Congress doth
consent," &c. And again: " The foregoing con-
sent. halving been given," &c. Xow the question
arose, whether the Constitution of the United States
empowered and authorized Congress to give such
a consent? That question was before the world;
it was before Texas, and before all nations; and
^ everybody in and out of Texas knew that great
j and strenuous objection was made in Congress to
I giving such consent, and the constitutional power
j to do so steadfastly denied. The annunciation of
I this consent went "to Texas, and Texas acted on it.
| She took the chances that that consent might be
j changed in its conditions, or wholly withdrawn by
: the action of a future Congress; "for by the very
I terms of the resolution the transaction was reeog-
j nized as a thing not perfected, but which was to
] be acted on by the then coming Oomrress. which
; Congress was now in session. [Mr. R. here
1 quoted the resolution of last Congress.]
j To that final action this Congress was now in-
! voked: it was to review, to confirm, or to rej<*et
| the edict of a former Congress. What was "the
\ Democratic doctrine iu such a case ? What had
been the doctrine of the fathers of the Constitution?
That the joint resolution of one Congress might be
repealed by another: that the resolutions of the
28th Congress might be rescinded by the 29th, just
as all other laws and acts of that body might be.
If, then, the 28th Congress agreed to receive Tesas
in that mode, they received it subject to repeal and
reconsideration by the present Congress, and an
; amendment was made and additional conditions
j subsequently added, so that the prerogative of the
j treaty-making power might, in some degree, be car-
i ried out by the Legislature.
i Mr. R. said that he knew, indeed, If might be
urged that the people of the United Stat® ted al-
But as to the questions whether the
