THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 19, 18*15.
New Series....iNo. 5.
6 shall be made before the House divides, or before
4 the call of the yeas and nays is commenced; and
c any member requesting to be excused fiom voting
c may make a brief verbal statement of the reasons
* for making such request; and the question shall
(then be taken, without further debate."
It was for the House to decide.wh.at that brief
statement was.
Mr. ATKINSON said, he was disposed to re-
move the difficulty which had seemed to exist be-
tween the two gentlemen.
Great confusion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. ATKINSON. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] desires to be excused from voting.
Now, if the gentleman could bo excused without
the necessity of going into his reasons, he [Mr.
A.] hoped he was satisfied. He [Mr. A.] lmd no
doubt that the Ilouse would excuse the gentle-
man .
Mr. SCHENCK I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. S. was proceeding to make a remark, which
could not be heard amidst the great contusion,
when—
Mr. DOUGLASS rose and called him to order.
Mr. SCHENCK took jiis seat.
Mr. DOUGLASS proceeded. If the gentleman
presses what he has asserted, that these resolu-
tions are a violation of the Constitution, that a
^ood reason for his voting against them, but he
has no right to make an argument. 1 therefore
insist upon a division on this point—that the gen-
tleman shall not be permuted to make an argu-
ment, either for or against the measure.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ohio ;
[Mr. Schejtck] is certainly wandering rather from
the line marked out by the rule.
Mr. SCHEiSCLv. I have not yet said anything,
except, that I find i\ clause in the resolution which
j eoiwidomi a violation of a certain provision of;
the Constitution, which I was about to read. If i
called to order now, it must be on the ground that
it is disorderly for a member to have anything to
do with that instrument.
[Laughter, and cries of " Read it in churches."]
Mr. DOUGLASS [to the Chair.] My point
of order is, that it is disorderly for the gentleman
to ask to be excused, and then to go on and assign
reasons which show that, if he is an honest man,
Mid if his reasons arc true, he is bound to vote
against the measure.
The SPEAKER. The House must decidc that
question.
Mr. McDOWELL. I move that my colleague
[Mr. Sciievck] have leave to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER put the question, and when
in the act of announcing the result as being in the
negative, some conversation arose ax to whether
an intermediate demand by Mr. Sciiiwck for the
yeas and nays had been made in proper tirno:
Mr. S. insisting that he had submitter! the moiion
fio soon as his physical ability had enabled him to
rise to his feet.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. I am sure that
there is no disposition to deny to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Scue^ck j the right to give his
reasons, bona fide, I hope that the House will
listen to these reasons so long as they are hiordei.
If he enters upon an argument, the House is not
bound to listen, and cannot do s >.
Mr. BA RRINGER. Docs the Speaker decide
that the gentleman from Ohio is out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. WlNTHitOP said, that he presumed there
would be no objection made to the gentleman pro-
ceeding in order, without unnecessarily consuming
the time of the House in calling the yeas and
nays.
And no objection being made—
Mr. SCHENCK proceeded. lie aid not in-
tend, ho h«jd, to go into an argument, for he knew
lhat it would be irregular. He certainly should
have done so, had the usual opportunity for dis-
cussion been afforded. He desired, however, to
make the simple statement of a fact. It was this:
Thc<t there was a certain fact in the Constitution
of the United States, taken m connexion with a
certain fact in these resolutions, in relation to pop-
ulation; pud that there had been such a blunder
that even the majority heie, when they saw it,
would be willing, he thought, to retrace their
steps. Would it be in order for him to read a
short clause from the Constitution >
No objection being made, Mr. S. read as fol-
lows :
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be ap-
4 portioned among the several States which may
• be included within this Union, according to their
' respective numbers, which shall be determined
' by adding to the whole number of free puis^ns, |
' including those bound to scrvioe for a term of j
' years, and excluding Indians not taxed, thrce-
' fifths of all other persons."
In the second section of these resolutions, he
found the following provision:
" That, until the representatives in Congress
' shall be apportioned according to an actual enu-
' meration of the mhabitauU of the United States,
' the State of Texas shall be entitled to choose two
' representatives."
Now, he did not find among the papers any
communication from Texas in relation to whttt she
believed to be the number of her population.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I ag;un call the gentleman
to. order. It is a mere argument to the question,
and [ most interpose, unless the Hou^e will per-
mit me to reply. If so, i am prepared to sustain
the position.
Mr. SCHENCK. I leave it to the Chair to de-
cide.
Mr. DOCTGLASS. J am willing that the <rcn*le-
man should go on, and give any ica.s« ns which, in |
the judgment of the lloine, arc reasons for nor j
voting. Hut as it has been dueiut u that an argu-
ment against the measure is not "reasons for be-
ing excused," 1 must insist that no farther abuse
of the rule (as, with all proper respect to the gen-
tleman, I must say I consider it,) be allowed; and
that the gentleman confine himself within the ,
proper limits.
The SPEAKER. The gont'"man from Ohio
[Mr. Sciif.nck] has certainly ta^-en a latitude not
compatible with the purpose for which he rose.
Mr. BAYLY. I submit whether, when leave
has once been given to proceed in order and that
order has been violated, leave is again to be
granteds
The SPEAKER. The House must determine.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to ask a question. By
the rule of the House he thought that a gentle-
man asking to be excused from voting, was to give
his reasons". He now understood the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douoi.ass] to say, that he
(Mr. S.) must give such reasons as hi {he judg-
ment of ihe House were reasons. Ho desired the
Speaker to decide whether it was the reasons of
the members of the House, or his own^that a gen-
tleman was to give.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman is not confining himself to the lim-
its contemplated by the rule.
Mr. HENLEY. Has any gentleman made a
motion to excuse the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. DOUGLASS. " Pie has made it himself.
A motion on the, left of the Chair was made that
the gentleman have leave to proceed in order, but
it met with loud resistance.
And the question being taken, the House re-
fused the leave.
So Mr. Schenck took his seat.
The question then recurring on the motion to
excuse, a brief conversation followed; after which
Mr. Schenck rose to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BAYLY objected to his doing so, as out of
order, after asking to be excused.
The CHAIR decided that Mr. Sciienck had a
right to withdraw his motion, and he withdrew it
accordingly.
The question was at length taken on the adap-
tion of the joint resolution, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, At-
kinson,liaker , Darniieor, Bayly, Redingcr, Ihggs,
Jas. Black, Jus. A. Black, Dowhn, Boyd, Brinker-
hoff, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Win. G. Brown,
Burt, Cabell, J. H; Campbell, Cathcart, Augustus
A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman,
Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Colin, Constable, Crozier,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jefferson
Davis, Do Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dockery,
Douglass, Dremgoolc, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Erd-
man, Eaian, Fiekhn, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gen-
try, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, G rider,
Grover, Hamlm, Haralson, Henley, Halliard,
Hoge, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, E.
W. Huhard, Hungeilord, Jas. B. Hunt, Hunter,
Charles J. lng eisoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jon cs, Thomas B. King, Law-
ienee, Leake, Lcib, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClean, McClelland, McClernand, McConneil,
McCrate, McDowell, McHenry, McKay, John
P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, Moul-
ton, IN iwn, Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Pen-
dleton, Pernll, Perry, Pettit, Price, Rathbun, Reid,
Rclfe, Ratter, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Seddon,
A. D. Sims, L. H.Simms, Simpson, Tlios. Smith,
Hob't Smith, Stanton, Stephens, St. John, Strong,
Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomnsson, James Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbot'S,
Toomh*, Treadway, Trumbo, Wcntworth, Wil-
lienis, vVh-k, Wilmnt, Woodward, Woodworth,
YiU'cey, Ych, and Young—141.
inA"\S—Messrs. Abbott, John Cl. Adams, Ar-
nold, A.-hiii'.ii], BlcUirliard, FuPin^ton, W. W.
Cauipbea, John G. Chapman, Collamer, Cranston,
Culver, Davrrgh, DcJa.no, Dixon, Ewmg, Foot,
Guidnigs, Griimcil, Hampton, Harper, Herriek,
E:ias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
I^jibhard, h udson,,Washington Hunt, Joseph R,
Ingorsoll, Daniel P. King. Preston King, Lewis,
Levin, McGraughey, Mc-Llvaine, Marsh, Miller,
Pollock, Ramsey, Juims Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Roof, Run!:, Schenck, Seaman, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stewart, Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Tilde:1,
Vance, Vmtou, Wheaton, White, Winthrop,
Wood, and Woodruff—C<'6.
So-die joint resolution was adopted.
p Mr, JON KS, of*Teimessee, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote, and demanded the previous
question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being" taken, was decided in the neg-
ative without a division.
So tlie vote was not reconsidered.
.The joint resolution was then sent for concur-
rence to the Senate.
And tlie House adjourned.
PETITIONS, REMONSTRANCES, &c.
Remonstrances against tlie admission of Texas
into the Union as a slaveholding State, were pre-
seated to-day, as follows:
By Mr. SAWTEIjLE : CH Stephen Weston and other cm-
zons of the State ot'Mjunc.
Alr-o, of Calvin Metealf and other citizens of North Ancon,
m said .State.
P>y j\JY. ASUMUN: Of Eliab Wrijrht, jr., ar.d other
voters of Fiiiinfrhmn, Ma^achusett'j; and Lydia M.
Gio^oiy and 32 otliei women of the same town.
Of Willis rishpr and VJ3 other citizen^ of Fnnklin, Ma?-
f-nchusctt^and ot Fanny II. Giimore and 28 oilier women,
o* the ttuoe town.
Of Davi'l A. tfimmniH and 392 other citizens of Roxhmy,
Mass'.c!m--ct<-; and oOLir> Ann Baxter and 282 other wo-
men of.thtt ^:unc tovn.
Oi Ohrirtophoi Mai-h ^no 91 other citizcns ofWc<t Ro.y-
Imry, Ma- .ichtr-eiN; and of ]Jliza Lea Folien and 121 otlu'r
vwun: oftho r'u'ii'' town.
PrvMi. A. HjMlTH: Of Daniel Webster and ISO other
i citi/.-'ii < of flyrnn, Ce'v-cc county, TCew Yoik.
j iiy Sir. THOMPSON, of Mas.-jieimsetU: Of Ennna U .
, Errr'jtt and i:>8 orlioi women of Ashlv.
] Of Ohaile^ W. Wood and 126 ot]i(jr*inhal)jtants of A-hlv.
! Ot Amos Famswoith and 127 othois, inlial-juuitd of Nvw-
I ton.
I t if William Brown and 65 other? inhnlmmif; of .
| By Mr. FOOT: Of A idi>o)i Bron'n and others; o{ 11."H
| KuriluiU and otlwf!; and of diarfe* C. i'io^t and otho^,
i cilizpps of ilio coimlj of\Vuidlm.u, Vonrjoiit.
By Mr.^AKT^OVT: Of J'iiihp O-^rood and IC8 other «•'•?!-
zen- oi' .vjiie-'hatv ;ajd Saii^hnr\', 3f:r—^a-clni-eti^; oi Juh;i
A. and 70 r.jjjn v>(*"i<'n ot'fijp tow)b.
Oi j>. F. S. Grnu'i and '10 ot!j ; crj/en^ of \V,->a Nvw-
i bmy, Ma^suciiu.-icitts
