66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
Of Thomas Hervey and 54 other citizens of We&t Pox-
ford, Massachusetts; of Small Eaton and 53 other women of
the f'ame town.
Of John S. E. Rodgcrs and 462 other citizens of Glouces-
ter, Massachusetts.
Of Edmund Kimball, jr., and 81 other citizens of \Ven-
ham, jVla^achu <-tts.
Or'Leonard Woods and 033 other citizens of Andover,
Massachusetts.
By Mr. STEWART: Of William Gump, praying for a
pension in consideration of injuries received wlnle in the
service of the Fintfri States in the last war.
By Mr. PE.VDLETON: Of Mis. Judith Keith, piaying
for a pension on account of her husband's services in the
devolution, equal to her rights under the pension s\>lein.
J3y Mr. WOOD : Remonstrances from Uhea, Nassau, and
.Albany, New York, aganis>t the admission of Texas as a
slave State.
A!<o, moved the reference of the papers of Nathaniel
Mills and other*, of Ju<t'n Jacoby, of Sarah Scowl, and of
the children of Ichabod Peek, for pensions, to the appio-
priate coimrnttce^.
jBy Mr. IIAMI'TON, (on Thur«<3nv): The remonstrance
of William Coopoi, Mark Ciement," and twenty-six other
citizens of j\ew Je^cy, a«ain<t the adnn^^ion or Texa^s into
the Union, inasmuch a< its eoastitution doei not, in accoid-
anco with the Constitution of the XTmted States, establish
justice, noi engine the blessings of libeity to all its inhabit-
ant*;.
Also, the lemonctrance of Fnsiah Franklin, J. Sco/ield,
and foity other citizens of New Jeisey, solemnly remon-
sirarmg and protesting against the admi^ion to this Union
of Texas as a State, with a constitution which establishes
and perpetuates slavery and the slave trade.
Mr. HAMPTON also asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers of Cornelius A. Reeve*, of
jVew Jersey, asking tor a pension; and that they be rei'ei j ed
to the Committee on invalid Pensions. And, leave being
gianted, they were referred accordingly.
Mr. >S. I). HUBBARD presented, under the rule, the le-
monstiance ot inhabitants of the town of Madison, Con-
necticut, against the admission of Texas.
Alao, a lemonsrrance of eisrhiy-mne citizens of Connec-
ticut against the adnnsbion of
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 17, 184-5.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition of citizens
of Sandwich, New Hampshire, and two petitions
from the State of Pennsylvania, renmnmjviung
against the admission of Texas as a slave State;
which were laul on the table under the rule.
Mr. MANGUM presented the poution of Simon
Summers, an officer of (lie revolutionary ormy,
praying to l>c allowed commutation pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claim;;.
Also, the petition of Lydia Lush, widow of
Stephen Lush, deceased, a Revolutionary soldier,
asking a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
ELECTION OF COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. T-TAYWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to execute the unfinished business, he-
mg the election of the remaining- members of the
several committees. •
After several different modes of proceeding being
proposed hy Mr. SEVJER and Mr. SPEIGHT,
the elections were concluded, partly by ballot and
partly by resolution.
Th", committees of the Senate are therefore now
perfected, and are composed as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Allen, Cass,
Archer, Sevier, and Aflierton.
On Finance.—Messrs. Calhoun, Lewis, Evans,
Benton, and Jenness.
On Commerce—Messrs. Haywood, Dix, John-
son of Louisiana, Sevier, and Davis.
On JgricvUwe—Messrs. Sturgeon, Semple,
Phelps, Turney, and Corwm.
On Jtiililary Affairs—Messrs. Benton, Hanne-
gan, Crittenden, Dix, and Speight.
On J\'aval Affairs Messrs. Fairfield, Levy,
Mangum, Cameron, and Dickinson.
On the .Militia—Messrs. Atchison, Semple, Bar-
row, Fairfield, and Wcstcott.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Breese, Speight,
Woodbridge, Ashley, and Morehead.
On Private Lund Claims—Messrs. Levy, Sem-
ple. Jarnagm, Penny backer, and Woodbridge.
O/i Indian Affairs—Messrs. Sevier, Bagby,
Phelps, Jarnagin, and Achison.
Of Claims—Messrs. Bagby, Pcnnybacker, J.M.
Clayton, Turney, and Johnson, of Maryland.
On lierolalionary Claims—Messrs. Semplc,Han-
negan, Thomas Clayton, Colquitt, and Greene.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Ashley, Breese, Ber-
rien, Westcott, and Webster.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Niles,
Sturgeon, Simmons, Semple, and Dayton.
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. Hannegan, Lew-
is, Corwin, Sturgeon, and Davis.
On Pensions—Messrs. Upham, Ashley, Pearce,
Atchison, and Barrow.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Haywood,
Jenness, Breese, Miller, and Johnson of Maiy-
land.
On Patents and the Patent OJfwe—Messrs. Cam-
eron, Hannegan, Phelps, Sturgeon, and Lewis.
O/i Retrenchment—Messrs. Lewis, Atherton,
Morehead, Dickinson, and Turney.
On the Territmies—Messrs. Westcott, Cameron,
Evans, Chalmers, and Corwin.
On the Public Buildings—Messrs. Cameron,
Dayton, and Bright.
'Po control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate-
Messrs. Niles, Breese, and Greene.
On Printing—Messrs. Atherton, Chalmers, and
Upham.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Jarnagin and
Levy.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Messrs.
Bright, Jarnagin, mid Levy.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, Chtdmers, and
Lewis.
Pending the election of the committees,
Mr. ALLEN rose, and asked permission of the
Senate to state that he had just received a subpoena
to attend the District Court, now sitting in this
city, ordering his attendance forthwith, as a wit-
ness in a case between the United States and an
individual, now on trial. He would, therefore, be
under the necessity of leaving the Senate, m obedi-
ence to this order. Thus situated, he trusted the
Senate would permit lam, at this time, to intro-
duce the joint resolution, of which he had yester-
day given notice, advising the President of the
United States to notify the Government of Great
Britain of the termination after twelve months of
the convention authorizing the joint occupancy of
the Oregon Territory.
Mr. HAYWOOD objected.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that it was the usual
course, when a member of the Senate received a
subpoena, to ask permission of the Senate to obey
the order.
Mr. ALLEN accordingly asked permission to
obey the subpama; which was granted.
Mr. CASS asked to be excused from serving on
the Committee on Public Buildings; and the mo-
tion being agreed to, the vacancy was ordered to
be filled by the Chair; whereupon
The CHAIR appointed Mr. Bright, of Indiana,
to fill the vacancy.
PRINTER TO THE SENATE.
Mr. SPEIGHT rose, and stated that it would
be recollected by the Senate that some days ago
he submitted a resolution to go into the election of
a printer to the Senate. In consequence of the
great accumulation of business on the table, it was
important that a printer should be elected, as 110
printing could be executed until such an election
should have taken place. He therefore moved that
the resolution be taken up for consideration.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON hoped that the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi would not be
taken up out of its order. There were other reso-
lutions standing before il upon the order of busi-
ness before the Senate; and, among others, there
was a resolution which had been heretofore intro-
duced by himself for the purpose of fixing- the
rate of prices to be paid for the public printing.
This matter ought to receive the attention of the
Senate before the election of printer; because they
must all be perfectly aware that when that officer
is onto elected, they would hear it argued that it
would be unfair to reduce the rate of remunera-
tion; and that, having contracted with your officer
to do the work, he is therefore entitled to certain
vested rights which must not bo interfered with.
There were three different propositions offered to
execute it helov.' the rates specified in the resolu-
tion which he had submitted. Those persons who
had made the offers were represented to be respon-
sible men, and were able to do it. He did not
stand in his place as a friend of either party: but
he thought that the Senate had a right to make a
contract For the work on the best terms. If they
should elect a public printer before considering his
resolution, he repeated, they would be told that
the printer had certain vested rights under an act
of Congress. Without reference to any individ-
uals— Ritchie & Heiss, Jefferson & Company, or
any others—he thought the better course for the
Senate would be, first to limit the amount to be ,
paid for printing; or go on, and take up business
m order as it stood on the docket.
Mr. SPEIGHT thought the Senator from Dela-
ware was mistaken as to the priority of his resolu-
tion. The two resolutions were submitted on the
same day. The resolution of the Senator from
Delaware was objected to, as out of order, at the
time when he submitted it; therefore the resolu-
tion which he (Mr. S.) had offered had one day's
priority. He hoped the Senate would now pro-
ceed to the election, and thus expedite the busi-
ness of the country. He was willing to modify
his resolution, so that the prices should be made
to conform to any regulation which might here-
after be made by law.
Mr. CLAYTON asked the Senator to reduce
his modification to writing. He would then state
whether he should be willing to accede to it.
The question being about to be put on the mo-
tion of Mr. Speight—
Mr. CLAYTON asked the Secretary which res-
olution had the priority on the calendar.
The Secretary replied, the resolution of the
Senator from Delaware.
IVtr. SPEIGHT then varied his proposition, so
as to make it a motion to postpone the previous
orders; and stated that, in order to accommodate
himself to the views of the gentleman from Dela-
ware, he had no objection to amend his resolution,
by adding a clause m conformity to a proposition
which had just been put into his hands by a gen-
tleman near him, that the prices paid for printing
should be according to the rates now established,
or such rates as should be fixed hereafter by law
or by a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN" suggested that it would be bet-
ter to fix the rate of compensation before they
made the contract with the printer, so that the per-
son selected to do the work might know what he
was to receive; otherwise, it seemed to him, there
would be no reciprocity in the contract; and he
v/ould also suggest the propriety of giving some
previous notice of the intention to proceed to the
election of printer, that Senators might be in their
places.
Mr. ATHERTON was opposed to making any
alteration at present in the prices to be paid for
printing. If a reduction were necessary, it could
be made hereafter as well as now; and a recur-
rence to the former practice of Congress in this
respect would show that although the printing
might be undertaken at a reduced price, yet it for
the most part occurred eventually that the full
price was paid. Mr. A. added, that he had sug-
gested to the Senator from Mississippi that it
mis;ht be proper to amend his resoluuon by pro-
viding that the compensation should be according
to such rates as might be hereafter established.
And it was also his design, when the resolution
offered by the Senator from Delaware came up, to
move its reference to the Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate, that that commit-
tee might be led to examine the subject, and re-
port upon it; for he was quite sure that the Senate
was not competent to decide upon the question at
once, and in the absence of information.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON insisted that, as there
were several propositions on the table offering to
do the printing at sums varying from twenty to
fifty per cent, below the resolution of 1819, they
should not hesitate to save so considerable a sum
of money. And lie called for the reading of the
several propositions on the table:
1. From Dow &, Co., at twenty per cent, less
than the prices paid during the last session.
2. From William Greer, at twenty-five per cent,
less than the prices fixed hy the resolution of
1819.
3. From Jefferson & Co., offering to execute
the printing at twenty-five per cent, less than the
price fixed by the same resolution, where the
number of copies does not exceed five thousand,
and beyond that number at a reduction of thirty-'
three and a third per cent.
Mr. PENNY BACKER addressed the Senate,
I contending that they could not, by the proposition
, submitted, change, alter, or modify what he eon-
1 sidered to be a law of the land. From his re-
; marks, it appeared that, prior to 1819, the public
, printing was let by contract to the lowest bidder;
j but the individuals who undertook to perform it,
! did it in so bungling a manner that Congress
