68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
by Mr. Brodiiead, that they be referred to the
Committee oil the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER said the question would be on
the reference to the Committee on the Judiciary,
which takes precedence of the motion to refer to
a select committee.
Mr. LEVIN said that the question before the
House was a naked question of reference, and that
in the few remarks ho proposed to make he should
confine himself to the question, without enlarging
npon the subject which he desired to bring in pro-
pur form to the full consideration of the House, and
which a select committee would alone enable him
to accomplish. I object (said Mr. L.) to the re-
ference of these resolutions to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I am influenced to this course, not
from any want of respect to the Committee on die
Judiciary, or from any desire to derogate from
their patriotism and learning; on the contrary, 1
entertain the highest respect for all the members of
that committee. But 1 object on a Pailiamentary
rule, or an established us;>go of this House—call
it privilege if you please—which secures to every
proposition a full and fair discussion, on its real
merits, from a committee not prejudged against its
mam principle. The doctrine is clearly laid down,
That those who are opposed to the main body of a
bill are not to be appointed as its judges; or, as
Grey has it, the child is not to be put to a nuise
that cares not for it. Hence, it is laid down by
Mr. Jcffeison as an invariable rule that no man is
to be employed in any matter who has declared
himself against it. A principle so obviously found-
ed in the spirit of republican equity is calculated
to unite all in its support. How, on any other
mode of proceeding, could free legislation make
any progress ? If matters of this sort arc to he
referred u> a committee known to be hostile to their
great, leading principle, all chance of eorrecnug
public abuses is cut off, and the reference itself to
such committee is tantamount to a rejection. To
piejudge any public measure in this summary
maimer would better suit the divan of a Sultan of
Turkey than the republican Congress of the free
people of the United Rmtes; nor can I bring my-
self to doubt for a moment that the motion 1 have
made for a select committee will prevail.
What, sir, is the object of this rule of the
House? It is to promote the cause of truth and
justice by a full and fair discussion of the princi-
ples that may be involved in a report to be made
to this House, instead of having it strangled in a
committee-room, nevermore to be heard of on this
floor, or, if heard of, accompanied by aunanimous
request that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject. That the
Committee on the Judiciary are adverse to the ob-
ject contemplated no one will venture to deny, and
J here boldly announce the fact. On what ground,
then, can the House refuse its reference to a select
committee? It can scarcely be that the House is
afraid to agitate this question before the country,
lest it should make friends with the people. The
subject itself is one that grasps the safety of the
nation. It involves the character as well as the
duration of this Republic. It is a question that
must sooner or later be met. The eyes of the
whole nation are turned on this House for some
action oil the subject of our naturalization laws.
Not only will your refusal of a select commit-
tee be unparliamentary, but it will savor of per-
secution towards a cause that now embraces in
its ranks more than two hundred thousand voters,
and will speedily number more than a million-
Public opinion demands for this great question
the most unbounded liberality. It is a question so
compact, so much of a unit, that opinions against
it cannot apply to any part without applying to
the whole. If the Committee on the Judiciary are
adverse to the agitation of this question, I maintain
that it is not treating so important a matter with
becoming consideration to move its reference in
that quarter, in order that it maybe put to a nurse
more anxious to strangle than to rear it. So far
is this principle of preservation carried in the rules
of this House, that a member hostile to a bill has
a right to be excused from sitting on such commit-
tee,"the evident intention being that every subject
shall be brought into full, free, and unrestrained
discussion on this floor, instead of being made
away with in a dark comer. All that we ask is,
D.,t t j smother the report, but give it a fair chance
of living till it encounters the open warfare of its
enemies on this floor, and can parry the blows
that its opponents aim against it. " Daylight and
a fair ficld"are all that Native Americans ask, and
a smaller act of justice could not be granted them
by an American Congress.
Various lights are apt to break in on the most
obvious proposition, when under discussion on
this floor, that a committee room, occupied only by
its enemies, never could elicit. Once put to nurse
in the arms of its foes, would it not sleep foreverr
A committee composed of friends and foes , or im-
partial observers, will do it justice, and bring it in
proper form to the full consideration of the House.
1 need scarcely add, that it is not in the power of
Congress to evade this question. A prompt and
candid reception of it, therefore, will do the House
more credit with the country than a reluctant wil-
lingness to entertain it, or any resort to artifice to
put it to sleep. Giants never slumber by rocking
or singing. The people love this " monster," as
it has been called, of their own begetting; and they
expect their representatives here to treat it with all
the consideration due to a descendant of George
Washington. We desire to carry out his creed
and his principles. As Native Americans, we have
been reviled and misrepresented ; and we now ask
to placo before the nation, in the form of a report,
our true object, our end and aim. We ask it in
behalf of the American people—we ask it in behalf
of our children, for whose benefit we hold in trust
the great estate of freedom. Grant us, as Ameri-
cans, this small privilege, and then let us meet our
opponents, Antreus like, face to face on this floor,
unaided by any other power but that of truth and
the God of truth.
Mr. BIIODHEAD obtained the floor; but yield-
ed it at the request of
Mr. GIDDINGS, who desired to put a question
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. He desired
to know if that gentleman had not voted in every
instance to smother the petitions of some eighty
thousand native bom Americans who had petition-
ed this House at this session against slavery?
Mr. LEVIN appeared desirous of making a re-
ply to this inquiry; but
Mr. BROBHEAD refused to yield the floor.
He said lie had not risen to discuss the principles
of the Native American party, but to offer a few
remarks of a business character as to the propriety
of referring these resolutions to the Committee on
the Judiciary. A gentleman from Alabama had
moved to lay them on the table; but at Mr. B.'s
earnest request, consented to withdraw that mo-
tion, that Mr. B. might move their reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. B. had
made that motion out of respect to his honorable
colleague, [Mr. Levin,] and to those whom he
represented here, as well as because he and those
with whom he acted were ill some degree strangers
in that House. And in what spirit had this courtesy
been met? The gentleman rose and announced to the
House that there was a determination on the part
of one of the standing committees of the House to
strangle the resolutions if referred to them, and bury
them in the vaults of a committee room! Mr. E.
would ask, what there was in this Native Ameri-
can party that they should demand from Congress
greater deference and consideration than was ac-
corded to others? Where did his colleague find
the evidence of any predisposition on the part of
the Judiciary Committee to smother these resolu-
tions ? There was none on which so offensive an
imputation could justly be founded. Those who
were in favor of the improvement of our Western
rivers had had their memorials referred to the ap-
propriate committee of the House; so had every
other class of petitioners: why must this Ameri-
can party be honored by allowing to their applica-
tions here a select committee' He thought the
House treated them very well by putting them on
a footing with their fellow-citizens; but this pro-
posal was met by the language of menace and of
complaint m advance. The gentleman asked for
them a select committee, because their numbers
here were small. If there were but few of these
gentlemen sent to the House, whose fault was that?
If the proposal of a respectful reference of these
resolutions was met by them all in the spirit now
manifested by his colleague, Mr. B. doubted
whether they would be sent to any committee at
all, but at once laid on the table. What greater
merit was there about them than about the aboli-
tion petitions, so many of which had shared this
fate? Mr. B. thought that both ought to go to-
gether. Must this House dignify, by tli® report
of a select committee, that which but six out of
two hundred and twenty-three representatives of
the whole Amerian people professed to advocate?
He thought not. They were in a very small mi-
nority, arid must be treated as other minorities
were treated here. [Immense laughter.] If the
opinions of these gentlemen did not correspond
with those of the great majority of the House,
how could they expect that majority thus to en-
dorse them? To save the time of the House in
useless discussion of a mere question of reference,
Mr. B. would call for the previous question.
After a brief conversation, however, he con-
sented to withdraw the call at the request of—
Mr. RATHBUN, (chairman of the Judiciary
Committee,) who promised to renew it. Mr. H..
said that, as one of the members of the committee
alluded to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
he was in favor of granting his wish respecting
these resolutions. Should they be sent to the
Judiciary Committee, Mr. R., for one, should
move, at the first meeting of the committee, that
they be discharged from the further consideration
of them. He was for gratifying the desire of the
few here who acted with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and who seemed to think that they had
made some great and unheard-of discovery in
reference to the naturalization laws. Let them
have the nursing of this new and original thought
of theirs, and present it when sufficiently grown
to the action of the House. If the bantling pos-
sessed any peculiar and striking beauties, let the
whole House and the whole country see them all.
Let them show, if they were able, that die course
of this country heretofore on the subject of natu-
ralization had been all wrong, and that the for-
eigner who sought refuge among us ought not to
be suffered to vote until the infant born upon the
day when he set his foot upon our shores was of
age to vote at his side. In compliance with his
promise, Mr. R. renewed the call for the previous
question.
It was, however, again withdrawn, at the in-
stance of—
Mr. MACLAY, who said that he regretted to
hear his colleague [Mr. Rathbun] express a wil-
lingness to grant the reference, asked for by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, of this subject to a
select committee. He (Mr. M.) hoped it would
not be so referred. Why, scarcely a week had
elapsed since they had subdivided that House into
different standing committees, composed of gen-
tlemen selected with reference to their knowledge
of the various subjects likely to come before that
House for its action, and to which it would be
appropriate to refer them. Now, they lost all the
advantages of this arrangement—and they were
many and great—if they suffered it to be broken
in upon by these motions for references to select
committees. There might be—there were cases
in which such committees were very properly de-
manded, when there was a peculiarity in the sub-
ject, or some other necessity for a select commit-
tee. Where was the necessity in that case? Those
resolutions referred to and asked for the modifica-
tion of laws long established, well understood,
and, from the very necessity of the case, frequently
recurred to, discussed, and examined. Two years
ago, (said Mr, M.,) I would have willingly voted
in my place here for the reference now demanded.
This subject seemed to occupy such prominence
in the public discussions of the country, that, out
of deference to that general interest, i should so
have voted. But a great change has token place
since that period. The public judgment has been
pronounced upon this subject. This miserable
Native American movement no longer excites the
regards of an intelligent community. They have
ceased to feel any interest in it. It never existed
in any strength, except in our large cities, and
could never stand the test of the healthy atmo-
sphere of the country. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Levis] knows \ery well that this
native party never had anything but a sort of arti-
[j ficial vitality, and I know it is not in the power of
any agitation here to galvanize it into life. No,
sir; let the subjcct bo referred to the standing
Committee on the Judiciary, where it properly
belongs, and let (hat committee discharge, their
whole duty to this House, and to this country,
by giving to the subject a patient and detailed ex-
amination, and by presenting such conclusions as
shall show the sheer absurdity of aay change in
a system which has prevailed from the foundation
