70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
rect imputation on that committee, and on the gen-
tlemen who composed it.
Mr. LEVIN here asked leave to explain; and
the floor having been yielded to him for that pur-
pose, he said that, so far from having intended to
make the slightest reflection on the gentlemen of
that committee, ho entertained towards them the
greatest possible respect. In what he had said as
to the prospect of the resolutions being strangled,
he had referred solely to the previous action of the
Judiciary Committee at the last Congress. Ho
had but followed the usual course of judging of
the future from the past.
Mr. PAYNE said that his remarks had not been
intended to apply particularly to that gentleman,
but to the general lenor of the observations by
which the proposed reference to the Judiciary
Committee had been opposed. It had been re-
peatedly said, that if they went to that committee
they would be smothered—they would be sup-
pressed—they would be. buried in the commutee-
room, and the subject-matter of them would not i
be investigated. To say this was to cast a direct;
and disgraceful imputation on the Judiciary Com- '
mntee. It was the bounden duty of that commit- |
tee to give to any and every subject referred to it i
a due examination, and Mr. P. would not permit 1
himself to doubt that, if this subject should be sub- ,
mitted to them, they would give it a full and fair j
and ample investigation, and would repoft accord- j
ingly. ... . !
Mr. P. would not be justified in referring to the !
motives of gentlemen, but it looked to him very i
much as if some other apprehension was in the !
minds of the opponents of this reference. They i
knew that that committee had been well organized
—that it consisted of able men, and men well ac-
quainted with the naturalization laws ; and it seem-
ed at least possible that they might apprehend at
their hands a report not exactly such as these gen-
tlemen might desire, and hence the strenuous
character of their opposition.
Mr. P. considered this as the first step—as the
beginning—of a new organization of a faction hi
the country The country had seen such factions
arise before, and he was \rery unwilling for one
that the floor of that House should be converted
into an arena to provide political and factious ex-
citement for the country. A few years since, they
had. witnessed the organization of the celebrated
anti-masonic party, which very soon assumed a
temporary importance in our .political affairs, and
it was soon sought to be transferred to one of the
great political parties which divided the, country.
There was another faction, in which certain mem-
bers from Ohio had token a distinguished part,
which perhaps had agitated the House and the
nation more thf>n any other; and now wo were to
have still another, and the country was to be agi-
tated by a Native American faction, and this, like
the rest, would eventually he transferred to one or
other scale of the great political balance which
swayed the destiny of the country.
Mr. McDOWELL inquired to what faction the
gentleman referred in which gentlemen from Ohio
had figured so largely ?
Mr. PAYNE replied that he had reference to the
faction of the abolitionists. Whether the gentle-
man belonged to that faction or not he did not
know. Perhaps, however, he might have done
some injustice to his honorable friend from Ohio,
and he was told by some of those around him that
he had done very great injustice : if so, he would
cheerfully withdraw the lemarks he had made.
But he must repeat that he was utterly unwilling
that the Congress of the United States should be
made the arena for the getting up of a new faction;
and he was induced to believe that something of
the sort was intended in the present movement.
If it was, he was utterly opposed to it.
Mr. GIDDINGS here called Mr. Payne to order.
[A laugh.]
The CHAIR asking Mr. Gimhngs to state his
point of order-
Mr. GIDDINGS said that this was merely a
motion of reference, and it was out of order to dis-
cuss the merits on such a motion. He therefore
called the gentleman to order for irrelevancy. ;!
[This is believed to have been the substance of |
what Mr. Giddings said; but, owing to his rela- !
tive position in the House, and the interposition of j
the Clerk's table, with all its business, scarce a !
word he utters can be distinctly heard at the Re- j
porter's seat.] I
The CHAIR observed that Mr. P. was certainly
wandering from the question of reference; and hav-
ing been pronounced out of order, could not pro-
ceed without leave of the House.
A motion being made for leave, it was carried
nem. con.
Mr. PAYNE, in resuming, said there were some
men in that House whom he thought of when en-
gaging in its discussions; but there were others
whom he never knew or notjped.
Mr. GIDDINGS called Mr. Payne to order.
The CHAIR, admonished him that personalities
were not in order; and if he intended his remark
as personal to any member of the House, he was
out of order.
Mr. PAYNE resumed. He could not but think
that in what he observed on this occasion there
was an intention to agitate the country; and he
thought he perceived in the present movement a
spirit of hostility to foreign immigrants, and to the
exercise by them of the right of suffrage; and the
object seemed to be the prohibition of such an ex-
ercise of it m future, or at least the imposition of
such restrictions as would render its exercise im-
possible. If that was the real object, he was di-
rectly opposed to it. It was contended that the
exercise of this right by foreigners was dangerous
to our own population. Wherefore? Could not
those who had personally suffered under the des-
potisms of the Old World draw for themselves the
contrast between those Governments and this?
And would they be indisposed to maintain the
liberties of this country? And, above all, was it
proper in us, who owed so much to foreign aid in
our own struggles for liberty 
Mr. WOODRUFF here interposed, and called
Mr. Payne to order for irrelevancy. The ques-
tion was on reference, and the gentleman must di-
rect his remarks to that object. After a brief in-
terruption, Mr. W. consented to withdraw his
call to order.
Mr. PAYNE said he must give his reasons why,
in his opinion, the reference asked for by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Levin] oug'ht not
to be granted And on questions of this kind some
latitude should be allowed. He would again,
therefore, ask, whether it was right in us, who
owed so much to foreign aid in the hour of our
struggle, now that we had got all that we desired
and fought for, to refuse to have the same degree
of liberty extended to the very persons who had
thus aided us, merely to gratify the discontent,
and suspicions, and heartburnings, of a small po-
litical faction ? Let gentlemen revert to our revo-
lutionary history. "Was the Speaker very sure
that he should have been sitting this day where he
now did, but for the assistance extended to us by
France ? Let gentlemen lift their eyes to that por-
trait which hung on the left of the Chair, [the
picture of Lafayette,] and let them call to mind
the services of thai generous and gallant man.
Mr. WOODRUFF here again called Mr. P. to j
order for irrelevancy. J
The CHAIR decided that, in strict Parliamen- j
fary law, when a motion for reference was made, I
the discussion must be confined to that naked j
question; but the Parliamentary practice had been j
otherwise; and a motion to refer had usually been 1
considered as opening the whole subject to debate.
The gentleman from Alabama would proceed.
Mr. PAYNE said that he hoped that this ex-
treme sensitiveness of gentlemen would now be at
an end. Could it be that they were afraid of dis-
cussion-1
Mr. WOODRUFF said not, if he was permitted
to reply.
Mr. PAYNE said he did not yield the floor.
When interrupted, he had been referring to those
foreigners Vho had aided us so gloriously and so
efficiently in our own dark and cloudy day; and
he would now go on to ask gentlemen, if to the
illustrious dead it was ever permitted to revisit the
scenes of their own great actions, and the spirit of
that noble foreigner could now look down from
his high and pcaccAil abode on what was passing
in that Hall, and in this land, what would be his
feelings at beholding tile country for which he had
risked everything, gravely deliberating about a
resolution the object of which was to prevent his
own countrymen from participating in the very
liberties he had himself helped to achieve ? Mr.
P. knew not what others might feel, but for one
he must, with all his powers, forever resist the dis-
franchisement of the honest foreigner who should
seek an asylum from oppression in this land et
freedom.
For these reasons, Mr. P. should vote for refer-
ring the resolutions to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. If any defect existed in the naturalization
laws, that committee would point it out, and sug-
gest the appropriate remedy, without reference to
die unjust prejudices which were too widely in-
dulged against that much-abused race of men who
applied for a participation in our political privi-
leges. He trusted that the motion for a select
committee would be promptly and emphatically
refused, and that the House would thus minister
a merited rebuke to those who agitated this sub-
ject merely with a view to produce excitement,
and to accomplish the disfranchisement of men
who sought the shores of our country from a deep
inherent love of liberty.
Mr. DILLINGHAM was in fayor of the refer-
ence of the resolutions to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Winthrop] had moved this reference of his
own accord at the time he presented the resolu-
tions, and, from what he had since said, Mr. D.
inferred that he was of the same opinion still.
Mr. WINTHROP here rose to explain. He
had indeed so moved, but he had waived his mo-
tion to accommodate the wishes of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin,] who desired a
select committee; and Mr. W. should vote for
that gentleman's motion first; but if it did not pre-
vail, should then vote for a reference to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. DILLINGHAM resumed. It was true
that the gentleman thought the Judiciary Commit-
tee the proper reference; but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Levin] having asked for a
select committee, his friend from Massachusetts
most readily deferred to his request, and relis-
quished his own motion. Mr. D. had felt some
surprise at the readiness with which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts did this. It had been
charged, indeed, that the Whig party, to which
that gentleman belonged, did stand in just such a
relation to the party of Native Americans; but he
had really not expected that gentlemen represent-
ing the two parties should thus have stood cheek
by jowl, and thus play off into each other's hands.
The identity of the two parties was thus rendered
too obvious.
Mr. WINTHROP, with some indignation of
manner, denied everything like collusion in the mo-
tions which had been made. The seat of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was next to his own;
they had not placed themselves cheek by jowl,"
and he hoped the gentleman would withdraw the
allusion he had made.
Mr. DILLINGHAM said he had merely allu-
ded to what appeared publicly before the House;
and it was certainly far from his intention to do
the slightest injustice to either of the gentlemen.
The question was, whether the resolutions should
go to the Committee on the Judiciarv, or to a
select committee; and Mr. D. here wished to tes-
tify his approbation of a remark which had fallen
from one of the gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dap.ragh,] who had reminded the" House
that this was no narrow personal or sectional
question, but that it was a sort of birthright ques-
tion. Mr. D. fully agreed in the spirit of that re-
mark. It was a question as broad as the Union—
it reached every town and every hamlet; and, as
the Judiciary Committee was composed of mem-
bers drawn from various sections of the Union, he
thought a question so broad in its character and
consequences naturally referred itself to a com-
mittee so constituted, rather than to a select com-
mittee. But the gentlemen must have a special
committee. And why ? In order that this sub-
ject might be put under the charge of its own pe-
culiar friends: that the child might be put to nurse
with those who would take tender care of it.
Now, whence did these tender friends all come ?
From the United States at large ? No; they,every
one of them, came from one or other of our
large cities. Now, he would ask this whole House,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania in his eye
[Mr. Levis] in particular, whether a subject of
this magnitude ought to be taken from die appro-
priate standing committee, and assigned to one
drawn from two or three cities only, or, at lie
utmost, consisting of gentlemen in connexion with
a small party which had its origin and 8wnda.tl n
in those cities ? He trusted that the House would
