1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
not by such an act put on record a public expres-
sion of a want of confidence in one of its own
standing committees.
Mr. SIM MS s of Missouri, said he was one of
those who thought that there lived in the bosoms
of the American people such a thing as the love of
justice, and that it had its place in the members of
that House, and in the Committee oil the Judi-
ciary: and when he heard gentlemen crying out
for justice, and asking that a subject in which they
felt peculiar interest might be treated well, and
not sent where it would be strangled, he asked
himself, and he was disposed to ask those gentle-
men, how a subject could be treated better than
by its reference to a committee which might be
ranked as the third in that House and in this
Union ? The Constitution divided the departments
of this Government into those of the Executive,
the Legislative, and the Judicial. Now, when a
subject was proposed to be sent to the standing
committee on the Judicial y, why were not gentle-
men content? It was the history of all delibera-
tive bodies that such a committee was usually de-
sired as had a majority of its members in favor of
the measure to be referred: hence, it seemed to be
wished that these resolutions should go to a com-
mittee selected from the cities of Philadelphia,
New York, or St. Louis; but he thought they
ought to be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
When the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne]
had been called to order, he was pointing the eye
of the House to the portrait of Lafayette; and
while he made his eloquent appeal, Mr. S. felt
within him emotions which he hoped to carry to
his grave, and which he would desire to impart to
the hearts of his children. It was that impulse
which he trusted would ever prepare him to meet
the poor exile from Erin, or the oppressed Po-
lander, who fled from the despotism of the Old
World, as a brother in the New. In the cily of
St. Louis, and all along the banks of the Missis-
sippi and the Missouri rivers, hundreds upon hun-
dreds of such foreigners were locating themselves
daily; and Mr. S. desired it should be distinctly
understood by them all, and by all in the like cn-
cumstances, that the motto of our country was
this: "A home for the exile." He hoped that
our Government would ever act in the spirit of
that motto. He trusted the resolutions would go
to the Judiciary Committee, and that they would
give to them a prompt, strict, and impartial con-
sideration; and that if there remained anything
which ought to be done to improve and perfect
our naturalization laws, they would not withhold
it from the country. Mr. S. should not have
troubled the House with these remarks, but rep-
resenting, as he did in part, the interests and feel-
ings of the people of the West, he felt it his duty
to say that they, and that he as their representa-
tive, desired that the banks of our great rivers, and
the inclining slopes of our great Western valley,
might ever be thrown open as a home for the
exiles of all nations.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, thought
that these resolutions were much misunderstood.
They did indeed complain that faults were to be
found in our naturalization laws as they at present
existed; but they did not propose any restriction
as to the grant of the right of citizenship, and
therefore the question of election frauds would not
be in the hands of the committee. The remedy of
frauds was not the peculiar province of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania; it was a duty which be-
longed to the whole House ; and what committee
so proper as that on the Judiciary, to take that
subject under its care? Did this House want a
select committee, appointed to be on the watch
against frauds at elections? He thought not. Gen-
tlemen had mistook the object of the petition. If
any had supposed that Pennsylvania was desirous
that the term of naturalization should be further
limited, they greatly mistook the people of Penn-
sylvania. They had no wish that a warning
should be set up for the eves of foreigners, declar-
ing to them, "This shall never be your home."
She remembered too warmly the benefits she had
herself experienced from noble and generous-
hearted foreigners in days gone by. Gentlemen
v/ho asked that the term of a foreigner's probation
should be extended to twenty-one years, or to
their lifetime, must have got that impression in
some remote and obscure corner of the State.
Pennsylvania asked for no such change; but she
did wish thai frauds at elections should be put an
end to. The Native American party had had its
birth in a storm, in the midst of one of the most
wretched and disgraceful scenes which had ever
been witnessed in the city of Philadelphia. Would
that so infamous a transaction could forever be
effaced from the records of the State! Was this
party actuated by a mere regard to the purity of
the ballot-box, or by a very different consideration?
They saw many small posts throughout the cities
of this country held by strangers^ and the sight
was hateful and obnoxious to men who thought
that none had a right to such stations but those
who had been born here. Their feelings certainly
were very philanthropic. Mr. T. made no such
charge upon them, but merely had reference to
what the newspapers everywhere declared. That
our naturalized citizens had in many cases been
guilty of fraud he could not doubt; but to say that
they alone had been guilty of such frauds, he had
been going to say was an absurdity. Mr. T. al-
luded to one election which had taken place in
Philadelphia, which might out-brae all the frauds
perpetrated in the Union, insomuch that it had
brought about a war in Pennsylvania, and the mili-
tary were called out to restore order. Mr. T. was
opposed to any select committee to nurse these re-
solutions, because the object sought was one which
belonged to the whole House.
Mr. HOGE, thinking the debate had been ex-
tended quite far enough, and being anxious that
the House should go on to business, moved the
previous question.
Mr. LEVIN entreated him to withdraw his _
motion. Was he not to be allowed the poor privi- j
lege of a reply?
Mr. HOGE said he would withdraw, if thereby
he could ensure to that gentleman the possession
of the floor; bm as this was impossible, he must
insist upon the call.
Mr. GIDDINGS also requested Mr. IIoge to
withdraw his motion; but that gentleman re-
fusing—
The CIIAIR put the inquiry, Is the call for the
previous question seconded by the House?
On this question the yeas and navs were de-
manded, but refused; and the question being put,
the call for the previous question was not sus-
tained.
Mr. YANCEY sought merely to state some
reasons why he should support the motion of the ;
gentleman "from Pennsylvania for a select com-
mittee. He believed it had ever been the Parlia-
mentary practice to refer a matter, if at all, to its
friends, in order that a fair hearing might be had
of the reasons in its favor. Now, the House had
heard a declaration from the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Rathbun,] that if the
subject was referred to his committcc, he should,
at its very first meeting, ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the resolution; and
Mr. Y. believed that a large majority of the mem-
bers of that committee would respond to the spirit
of that remark. In fact, it could scarcely be other-
wise; it was almost in the nature of things; and,
under these circumstances, the resolutions could
scarcely obtain a fair hearing. Mr. Y. was in
favor of affording a full and fair opportunity to
have the facts stated on which these resolutions
were founded. It was a question of citizenship,
and he would not cut off any evidence in regard to
it. While all his personnl sympathies were in
favor of throwing wide the doors to this our fair
temple of freedom, and giving to nil the freest ac-
cess to worship at her altars—while he fully agreed
with gentlemen in the desire to see this land the
home of the free and the refuge of the exile, he
was not disposed to deny to a respectable portion
of his fellow-citizens the fairest opportunity of
presenting their views on a vast national subject.
The fewer they were in point of numbers, the
more they were entitled to the magnanimity of the
House. It had been said that they were a faction,
or were about to become a faction: if so, letjhem
come out with their doctrines before this House
cmd the nation, and when the factious nature of
their designs was exposed to view, the faction
would die. But to refuse them a common cour-
tesy—to afford them the opportunity of saying,
that on this representative door foreign influence
prevailed against native, would only be vainly to
seek to smother a flame which would break out
with the greater violence. Mr. Y. was willing to
hear them. What did they ask? What was it
they professed to seek? The purity of the hnllot-
box—the preservation of the very palladium of
liberty. They asked that this might be preserved
sacred and intact. Was this an unreasonable
request? These resolutions did not undertake to
point out any instructions in the grant of citizen-
ship, or any extension of the period of probation*
However, Mr. Y. was not going into the merits
of the question. What he desired was a report,
so that the House might meet the question fairly
and debate it without trammels.
Mr. Y. here made some eloquent allusions to
the two portraits of Lafayette and of Washington,
the one presenting a stranger whose name must
ever be redolent of individual glory—the otiier the
Father of his Country, who could look upon that
illustrious foreigner without an emotion of jeal-
ousy, and take him to his boson as a son. He
also referred to the names of Pulaski and Koscius-
ko; but how he connected these references with his
previous remarks the confusion in the House ren-
dered the reporter unable to hear.
Mr. OWEN said: I believe I shall not be sus-
pected of Native Americanism, and yet 1 shall vote
with my friend from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] for
the reference of the subject befoie us not to the Ju-
diciary, but to a select committee.
The few and the feeble, to my thinking, are es-
pecially entitled to courtesy and a fair hearing.
And the advocates of Native Americanism on this
floor are, in an eminent degree, few and feeble. I
speak of their numbers, and would not prejudge
the talent which they may be able to bring m aid
of their peculiar views. In number they are few,
m power of votes feeble; and to such, when they
ask a hearing, the powerful should grant it. The
strong can afford to he generous.
To look at the matter in its business aspect, we
should refer to the fact, (as I understand it from
the Chairman of the Jud'Ciary Committee,) that not
a single individual of the so-uillcd ''Natives" has
a seat on that committee. There cannot be, on the
subject, then, from that committee, even a minority
report. But I am not only willing such a report
should be made: I much desire to see it. When,
in my own district, I have spoken on this matter;
when 1 hav reminded my constituents that under
the administration of Washington the term of pro-
bation for foreigners was five vears, that under the
elder Adams the term was extended to fourteen;
and that, under the succeeding administration, one
of the earliest ac's of Congress, following up the
suggestion contained in the first annual message
of Thomas Jefferson, was to restore the law as it
stood in Washington's time, and as it has since
stood even to this day; when to these reminiscen-
ces I have added the assertion that the " Natives''
of our day desire to go far beyond even the term of
probation established by the same Congress that
passed the alien and sedition laws, and deny to a
foreigner the rights of a citizen until twenty-one
years had passed from the day of his emigration;
when to my fellow-ripens of Indiana I have stated
this, how have I been met? By defence of such
principles? No, but by denial of them—by denial
that such are, in point of fact, the doctrines of the
Native party.
Now, sir, either these are Native principles, or
they are not. If they are not, in justice to those
who arc said to hold them, they ought to have an
opportunity of disclaimer. But if they are in very
deed the principles that party seeks to put in prac-
tice, then I desire to have the fact duly certified
from under their own hands. It will do more, in
my State, to put them down, than volumes of argu-
ment can effect.
For these reasons, and for that other more gen-
eral reason, that there are a hundred matters which
are worth discussing for every one which it is
proper to adopt, T shall vote for a reference to a se-
lect committee. It is a very old and often quoted
sentiment—worn out, if important truth can ever
wear out— that " Error of opinion ceases to be dan-
gerous, when reason is left free to combat it."
Mr. GILES, of Maryland, after alluding to his
own position as representing one of the large cities
of the Union, (Baltimore,) and stating his under-
standing to be that the whole subject was open for
debate, professed himself leady to meet it on the
threshold. If this was a mere question of fraud on
the ballot-box, he should have no objection to give
it any reference which gentlemen desired; but it
was more—it not only refeircd to frauds at elec-
tions, but it carried with it an imputation on the
naturalized citizens of the land. 'This was what
