74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
and. law in their new home. Many of them
brought us a rich harvest both of talent and of la-
bor; but they had no choice in the matter—it was
the dictate of* a stern necessity "which drove them
on. The naturalization law was then liberal and
ftec, and they availed themselves of its provisions;
but necessity'—hard necessity—forced them to
sever all the tender ties of which gentlemen had
here so eloquently spoken. Never yet was any
man torn away from the home of his youth, from
the charms of his fireside, and from the sacred
shade of his fathers' sepulchres, from his own
mere free choice. The i?ilgrims never had em-
barked in the Mayflower had not England denied
them at home the free exercise of their religion.
There always was some overawing necessity be-
hind: sometimes it was starvation, sometimes the
axe, sometimes the dungeon, for a religious creed.
Let those men who profess common sense leave to
the creations of the poet that figment of a free
choice of exile.
Some allusion had been made by one of the
gentlemen from his own State to certain events in
that State, in regard to which he had evinced a de-
sire to throw out invective. It had been artfully
covered up; but it was understood. Mr. L. should
say nothing of it further: he was willing to place
himself before the country and before this House
as its authorized organ. He had but one thing to
say as to what had been thrown out respecting the
Native American party being a faction. If it was
a faction, it was at least not a faction with a single
idea. The great idea of that party was the attain-
ment of an elevated national character. This was
not a single idea; on the contrary, it was one of
the most complex ideas that could possibly be con-
ceived of. Democracy, of which some gentlemen
were so fond of speaking, was a single idea—he
grilled it; and the idea was that of the popular
element in the ascendant. He thanked the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Wintiirop] for
having drawn so deep and strong the separating
line between the Native American and the Whig
parties: So let it remain. But, he would ask, what
was Whigism. > Was it not the idea of the aristoc-
racy of talent, or the conservatism of the moneyed
interest? [A lau^h.] JNot so with Native Ameri-
canism. Apply its princjplc m any direction and
it would bear precious fruit. What did they in-
quire about? Was it not whether our sacred in-
stitutions were safe? Whether Europe, after
trying in vain to prevent their erection, was not
now successfully undermining them? Whether our
children were safe from the effects of such a design?
Whether the Constitution was not endangered by
the deteriorated character of the modern immi-
grants? They had one idea, and it was an idea
which raised man in the scale of moral existence.
They boasted of one principle, but it was a wise
and a comprehensive one—it tended to make a man
a good citizen and an honest patriot. Never let
gentlemen speak against one idea, which united in
one halo the combined glories of Athens and
of Carthage; of one idea which could disenthral
lis of the hondnge of Europe, and break the yoke
which threatened to bind us by a foreign vote.
If "entlemen wished to know whether this party
was dead, and, if it was, whether it was like to
experience a resurrection, let them go, not among
the demagogues and the politicians of the country,
but among our mothers and their sons. Let them
listen to the language held in the parlor and by
the fireside, not at the tjvern or on the hustings.
American mothers were cast too much in the mould
of Seventy-six to be alarmed without a cause.
They had wept over their sons slaughtered by for-
eign hands while in the exercise of their clear un-
doubted right: they mourned their children con-
signed to an untimely grave. Was it a matter for
forced satire that native-born Americans had been
shot down for the exercise of the privilege of free-
men? He trusted even politicians could not prove
so relentless and unrelenting. How did this so-
called 4 4 faction '' arise ? A foreign demagogue had
written a letter to the voters of Cincinnati exhort-
ing them to give their vote to none hut those who
were ready to carry out the wishes of a foreign
despot—to overthrow institutions existing under
the Constitution of the United States. In defence
of that institution a few individuals had planted
themselves under the protection of the American
Hag, and they had been shot down in cold blood,.
Would gentlemen attempt to make such a cause
and that of the abolitionists identical? Gentlemen
might deride—they might sneer and scoff as they
pleased; but he told them there was a spirit now
shouting from lull and valley throughout this land
which made a mock of all their efforts to put this
subjcct to sleep. Ours was a country of change.
Whenever they proposed to defend American in-
stitutions they were met by the liberal spirit of the
Declaration of Independence. This was set up as
a substitute for the Constitution of the United
States. He told the South to look to it. O'Con-
nel did the same. As to the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, it applied m its principles as well to any
other nation as to this; and, according to it, a for-
eigner was as eligible to the Presidency as a native-
born American citizen, while, by the Constitution,
they were expressly excluded. By which of these
instruments were we to be bound—by the Decla-
ration or by the Constitution of this land? We
dated our national existence, not from the signing
of the Declaration of Independence, but from the
adoption of the Federal Constitution. Native
Americanism was stamped in broad characters on
that sacred instrument.
Gentlemen had said so much in behalf of foreign
soldiers that Mr. L. wished to say a few words
for our own. By the Revolution we had been
separated for a time from European control; but
we were now in danger of being brought back
again under the same dominion by the corruption
of the ballot-box. It was an error to suppose that
naturalization was a natural right; it was no such
thing. It was granted as a defence of our Ame-
rican institutions. We lived under a Government
of law, where the rights to life and liberty were
limited and defined; and we admitted in this Gov-
ernment an alien to exclude ten thousand aliens
not entitled to its benefits. Exclusion, not admis-
sion, was the first great object of the law. If not,
all foreigners would of course have a right to vote.
It was to prevent this that we passed naturaliza-
tion lows. In 1778, the true line had been drav/n
between native Americans and foreign emigrants.
The Constitution vested in Congress power to pass
uniform naturalization laws, as checks to its pro-
visions respecting the first and second officers in
the Suite. This was to check foreign influence m
the Stales, and prevent the passage of laws to suit
the purposes of local demagogues. It was said
they wished to disfranchise the foreign citizen.
He denied the charge. He could prove that in
fifteen years the native-born citizens of this re-
public would find themselves im- a minority in their
own land. Did we not require some bulwark for
our safety? The term of piobation had varied
from five years to fourteen, according to the vary-
ing character of the immigration which was flow-
ing m from Europe. When the term was five
years, it was in our early day, when our cities
were small, and our population comparatively
sparse; but now our population was redundant.
We had settled the continent to the very shores of
the Pacific, and our cities burst into riot and blood-
shed.
Here Mr. L. adverted to the case of the Phila-
delphia riots, and insisted that if the same outrage
on American citizens and the American flag had
been perpetrated on the dcck of one of our ships,
the whole land would have been in a flame.
He then yielded the floor for a motion to ad-
journ; which motion prevailing, the House ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions were presented under
the rule:
By Mr. SAWTELLE: Remonstrance of Stephen Weston
and 2b.5 others citizens of the State of Maine, against the
admission of Texas as a siave^tate. Of 52 citizens of North
Anson, in said Suite, of like character.
By Mr DILLINGHAM: The remonstrance of 202 legal
voters of the town o^Stow, Vermont, against the admission
of Texas as a slaveholding State.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The remonstrances of Andrew Allen
and others, C. G. Parsons and others, Marv H. Tracy and
others, Jason Hanson and others, B. B. Ferry and others
Artimcsia Perry and others, James Hall and others, George
Dean and others, Jonathan Tracy and others, and Timothv
Bailey and others, agiunst the admission of Texas as a slave
State.
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: The pelitioitof Daniel Web-
ster and 130 other citizens of Byron, Genesee countv. New
York, remonstrating against the annexation of Texas, with 1
a constitution tole atmg slavery.
By Mr. ELLSWORTH: The petition of Henry Stewart,
John Van Loon, Joseph Fero.and others, of Chemung coun-
ty, New York. Also the petition of Daniel Congers of Au
hum, New York, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the United States; asking their reference to the
Committee on Territories.
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of the heirs of Colonel
Francis Vigo; which was referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims. Also the petition of Andrew and Joftn
Moddriil, praying for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: Remonstrances of A. Dickinson
and 194 others, women of Williamsburgb,Hampshire coun-
ty, Massachusetts; also of Prescott Williams, and 204
others, citizens of said WiiiiarnsbuTgh; also of E. K. Cog-
gin and 71 others, women of West Hampton, Hampshire
county, Massachusetts; also of D. Coggin, and 68 others,
citizens of West Hampton, Hampshire county, Massachu-
setts ; also of John Smith, and 114 others, citizens of Mid-
dlefteld, Hampshire county, Massachusetts; also of 80 legal
voters, and 87 ladies of Buckland, Massachusetts; also of
117 legal voters of Ashfield, Massachusetts; also of Reuben
Smith, and 25 other citizens of Beeket, Berkshire county,
Massachusetts; also of 104 inhabitants of Lee, Berkshire
county, Massachusetts; also of 88 legal voters of Great Bar-
rington, Berkshire county, Massachusetts: all against the
admission of Texas as a slave State into the United States.
By Mr. WOOD: Remonstrances from Ithaca and Albany,
New York, against the admission of Texas as a slave State.
Also moved the reference of the papers of Nathaniel Mills,
Justice Jacobs, Sarah Scovel, and Ichabod Peck, for pen-
sions : referred to the appropriate committees.
By Mr J. G. CHAPMAN; The petition of the legal rep-
resentatives of Sidney Bay, deceased, praying for the pay-
ment of certain loan office certificates. Also the petition of
the legal representatives of Francis Ware, deceased, for the
payment of a lost final-settlement certificate; which peti-
tions were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of the legal representa-
tives of Samuel Mifflin, deceased, for die payment of a loan,
&c.: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of Charles S. Ma-
thews and others; which was referred to toe Committee on
Claims.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of Ozinda Coop-
er for a pension. Also a remonstrance and protest of citi-
zens of Martinsburg, Lewis county, against the admission of
Texas as a slave State. Referred from the Clerk's files the
papeis of Job Hawkins to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. Also the petition of John C. McLaughlin, to the
Committee on Claims. Also the petition and papers for the
improvement of Salmon river: referred to the Committee
on Commerce. Also the petition of Mrs. Lavinia York:
referred to the Committee on Claims. Also the petition of
Lyon and Howard: referred to the Committee on Claims.
By Mr. L. MARTIN, of Wisconsin: The petition of Daniel
WeJls and 146 other citizens of Milwaukie county, Wiscon-
sin, for an appropriation on the road from Milwaukie to
Madison: referred to the Committee on Roads and Canal*.
The petition of Hiram Hamilton and 60 others, citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for a sale of the mineral lands in nit-
noi«-., Iowa, and Wisconsin: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. The memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, asking payment of certain expenses incurred at their
sessions of December, 18*42, and February, 1843; referred to
the Committee on Territories. The memorial ofthft Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, for the location and construction of a
road from Prane du Chien to Lapoite, on Lake Superior;
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals. The me-
morial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, for the construction
of a road from Fort Howard to Fort Wilkins: referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. Memorial for post roads
from St. Croix Palls to Laprairie: referred to the Committee
on the Pos?t Office and Post Roads. A memorial for the re-
lief of settlers on the canal grant: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. A memorial asking an appropriation to
build a penitentiary in said Territory of Wisconsin: re-
ferred to the Committee on Territones. Memorial for im-
provement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. Resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, asking for an appropriation to pay ex-
pense of taking census of the people of Wisconsin, and of
holding a convention for the formation of a State constitu-
tion : referred to the Committee on Territories. Resela-
tions asking the appropriation of an}' unexpended balance
of the appropriations tor expenses of the Legislature, to the
liquidation of debts of the Territory: referred to the Coxn-
""ftee on Territories. Resolution^" of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, relative to the extinguishment of Indian title
to lands north of Fox river: referred to the Committee on
Indian Aflairs. Resolutions asking fbr an appropriation for
a i evolving light at Dock Harbor: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. Petitions of citizens of Wisconsin, ask-
ing an appropriation for same purpose: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commercfi.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: Remonstrance of I). Farnsworth
and 123 citizens of Norridgwock, State of Maine, against
the admission of Texas as a slave State. Remonstrance of
r rancis Allen and 71 citizens of SmithGeM, State of Maine,
of like import.
IN SENATE.
Thursday , December 18,1845.
Mr. SI URGEOJN' presented the memorial of
John Binns, praying the aid of Congress in the
publication of an edition of the Declaration Of In-
dependence ; which was referred to the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of Henry
v.irnpsoi}, asking to be allowed certain c'oiflmiesions
alleged to be due hie father for procuring a loan
m favor of the United States during the late -war;
which wag referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of Charles F.
pibbola, praying indemnity for the loss sustained
m consequence of being kept from the possession
