76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
Resolved by the Sincde and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, advised to give, forthwith,
notice to Great Britain that the Government of the
United. States will, in virtue of the second article
of the convention of the sixth of August, A. D.
eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, between the
United States and Great Britain, terminate the
convention existing relative to the joint occupancy
of the Oi e^on Territory; and, after the expiration
of twelve months from the day on which such
notice shall have been received by the Government
of Great Britain, annul and abrogate that conven-
tion.
* Mr. EVANS presented the remonstrance of citi-
zens of the State of Maine, against the admission
of Texas into the Union as a slave State; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. UPHAM presented a similar remonstrance
from citizens of the State of Vermont; which also
was laid 011 the table.
Mr. U. took this opportunity to ask to be ex-
cused from serving as chairman of the Committee
on Pensions. He did not make this request from
any desire to evade or get rid of duties imposed
upon him by the Senate; but he had been troubled
for some time past with weak eyes, which would
render it highly dangerous to his eyesight, to at-
tempt to fulfil the duties which the chairmanship
would impose upon him, inasmuch as he could not
write even a letter without much pain.
No objection being made, Mr. Upham was ex-
cused.
Mr. EVANS, pursuant to notice, presented a
joint resolution m favor of paying the claims of
l)avid Shaw and Solomon T. Corser, formerly
contractors for carrying the mail between Portland
and Augusta, Maine; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post OiTice and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Franklin
Whitney, setting forth that he is the inventor of a
new process of making spermaceti, for which he
applied for a patent, and was informed that another
individual had applied for a patent of the same na-
ture, which inteifercd with his application. After
some little time, the petitioner's adversary succeed-
ed in gaming the patent, thus insuring Jus claim
for priority. The petitioner contends that he is in
l;i\v the piior inventor, and prays to be relieved.
The petition was, 011 motion of Mr. D., referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENRY JOHNSON offered for considera-
tion the following resolution: which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the erection of a custom-house
in the city of New Orleans: and into the expedien-
cy of making an appropriation to improve the har-
bor at Port Pontchartrain in the State of Louisiana;
and thai the report of th'1 Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, communicating estimates of the cost of those
works, made to the Senate February 4, 1845, be
referred to the same committee.
Mr. JOHNSON", moved thnf, the report, of the
Secretary of the Treasury, made on this subject
List year, be referred to the same committee; which
was agreed to.
Mr. JENNESS presented the following resolu-
tions passed by the Legislature of New Hampshire;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
" Resolved* by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives hi General Court convened9 That our National
Government warned by the over-reaching policy
nud deep duplicity of Great Britain in relation to
the northeastern boundary, should assert and main-
tain our lights to the Territory of Oregon, to the
54th degree of north latitude.
" Resolved, That concession, harmony, and for-
bearance, under repeated and long-continued in-
juries, cease to be national virtues, and that our
Government will best represent the national spirit,
by entering into 110 compromise with tyranny, and
by submitting to national wrong.
" Resolved, Thot the interference of England to
prevent the peaceful annexation of Texas to the
Union, is a measure as unprecedented and unjusti-
fiable as insulting to this republic, and requires
speedy explanation by the British Ministry.
"Resolved, Tint the interference of the United
States to avert from any portion of the people of
this continent, or the world, the miseries of British
colonial servitude, would be abundantly justified
by the acts of that Government.
"Resolved, That the recent developments of the
intrigues of the British Government with tho£e
of Mexico and Texas, to defeat the policy of this
nation in relation to the annexation of Texas, de-
monstrates the sagacity, wisdom, and patriotism
of such of our statesmen as by their efforts brought
this great measure to a triumphant consumma-
tion.
"Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to furnish copies of the foregoing reso-
lutions to the Legislatures of the several States,
and to our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress.
  HARRY HIBBARD^
"Speaker of the House of Representatives.
« AAR. P. GATE,
"President of the Senate.
(* Approved July 2, 1845.
" JOHN H. STEELE,
" Governor.
" THOS. P. TREAD WELL,
"Secretary of State."
Mr. ATCHISON presented the following reso-
lutions; which, under the rule, Jie over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of organ-
izing a Government for the Territory of Oregon.
"Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing block-houscs and stockade forts,
from the frontiers of Missouri to Fremont's Pass
in the Rocky mountains, and from thence through
the Oregon Territory to the mouth of the Colum-
bia river; and also to inquire into the expediency
of raising and organizing a corps of mounted rifle-
men, for the purpose of escorting emigrants to, and
protecting American citizens in, the Oregon Terri-
tory.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of do-
nating lands to actual settlers in the Territory of
Oregon.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of organ-
izing, arming, and equipping the militia of Oregon
Territory.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Aifairs
inquire into the expediency of establishing Indian
agencies and sub-agencies m the Oregon Territory,
and the extension of the laws of the United States
regulating intercourse with the Indians over said
Territory, as far as they may be applicable.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail-route from
the frontiers of Missouri to the city of Oregon, in
the Oregon Territory.
Mr. PHELPS presented the following resolu-
tion for the consideration of the Senate :
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of repealing so much of the 4th section of the act
approved August 23, 1842, as abolishes the office
of one Inspector-General, and of restoring the said
office and the officer, the some as though the said
act had never been passed.
Under the rule, the resolution lies over.
Mr. BAGBY, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill for the settlement of
the account of Joseph Nourse deceased, with his
widow, or other legal representatives; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of Amos
Kendall, asking to be reimbursed for expenses
incurred by huh in a suit instituted against him
by the United States, in the United States dis-
tinct court of Louisiana, growing out of his rela-
tions to the Government as Postmaster General.
Judgment was rendered against the petitioner by
several of the lower courts of the United States,
but he was finally sustained by the United States
Supreme Court, which decided that, the proceed-
ings against him had been illegal from the first.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BAGBY presented the following resolution;
which, no objection being made, was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be printed, upon the type now standing, a
sufficient additional number of Fremont's report,
to supply the members of the Senate who have
taken their seats since the 4th of March last, the
same number of copies that have been, or may be
distributed to the Senators who were elected prior
to that time.
Mr. WES'i'COTT inquired whether that por-
tion of the President's Message referring to Texas
had been referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ? Being informed in the negative, he moved
that it be so referred; which motion was agreed to.
OBDE&S OF THE DAY.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to theorders of the day; and the motion
being agreed to,
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN,
A bill for the purchase of stock in the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company; and
A bill to provide for the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri,and
Arkansas rivers, were read a second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, several bills intro-
duced by him, and which had received their first
reading, were severally read a second time, and
referred to the appropriate committees.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Chair, by unan-
imous consent, appointed Mr. Johnson, of Louis-
iana, to be Chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions, in the room of Mr. Upham, excused.
On motion of Mr. MANGrUM, it was ordered,
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay to the widow of Edward Dyer,
deceased, late Sergeant-afc-Arms of the Senate, the
same amount that was paid to the widow of Ste-
phen Haight, former Sergeant-at-Arms, under the
resolution of the Senate of the 13th January, 1841,
on account of funeral expenses in the city of
Washington, and of salary until his successor was
appointed.
The following resolutions, submitted on former
days, were then considered and adopted :
A resolution offered by Mr. Johnson, ofLouis-
iana, to increase the compensation of the United
States district attorney of Louisiana.
A resolution offered by Mr. Clayton, relative to
the erection of a light near Fort Miifiin, in the Del-
aware river.
Also, a resolution relative to the erection of for-
tifications near the entrance of Delaware bay, and
on the Pea Patch Island, in Delaware river.
A resolution offered by Mr. Barrow, calling for
information relative to the progress made in re-
moving the raft in Red river.
A resolution offered by Mr. Speight, to grant to
the States in which they lie, certain alternate sec-
tions of inundated lands.
Also, a resolution to establish a tri-weekly mail
between Mobile, Alabama, and Jackson, Missis-
sippi.
A resolution offered by Mr. Ashley, to estab-
lish an additional district court for tlie District of
Alabama.
A resolution offered by Mr. Miller, to estab-
lish a port of entry in the State of New Jersey.
A resolution offered by Mr. Breese, to bimJ the
remaining copies of Brevet Captain Fremont's Ex-
pedition to the Rocky mountains.
A resolution offered by Mr. Hawkegai?, to con-
tinue the pay of an assistant messenger to the Se-
nate.
PRESERVATION OF TIMBER*
Mr. LEYY moved to take up the resolutions
submitted by him some days since in relation to
the preservation of public timber. The resolution
having been read—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, expressed a de-
sire to give more scope to the resolution, and in-
stead of limiting the inquiry to fire years, he
thought it ought to extend back to eighteen or
twenty veais.
Mr. Levy had no objection to extend the in-
quiry, and would readily assent to ouch modifica-
tion as the gentleman from Louisiana had sug-
gested.
Mr. BENTON then inquired if the resolution
\yas broad enough to cover the livr-onk planta-
tions; if not, be desired that it might embrace
them also. When this policy \kw<s firat coramence'j,
he had vc'ilarr-d the opinion thai, every fMibio. foot
of live oak would cost the®, at least a cubic foot of
