THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1845.
New Series....No. 6.
went on to observe that the resolutions only made
a general charge of the existence of frauds, but
specified no instances in which they had taken
place, and it attributed these frauds to a defect in
the naturalization laws. Now, it had been very
clearly shown by the gentleman from Virginia that
Congress co.uld not reach the ballot-boxes, because
it had nothing to do with the election laws of the
States. Some States had one law and other States
had others as to the qualifications of voters. In
some States negroes were permitted to vote, but
that was altogether a matter of taste. [A Jaugh.]
Others permitted foreigners to vote who had never j
been naturalized at all. Had Congress any power I
to say to these States, you must alter your laws? I
It was true, that when a man was naturalized he i
became a citizen, and as such had rights which no I
State could deprive him of; but, though not liatu- I
ralized,he might, if the State so chose, vote within |
that State. If he went abroad, he could not, in- I
deed, claim protection as an American citizen, but :
at home Congress had no power to prevent him i
from voting. So much, then, of these resolutions
as looked to the exercise of any such authority, the
House should not regard for a moment in deciding |
the question of reference. }
But if these resolutions meant something- else— !
if the Massachusetts Legislature meant .that there j
was political corruption which arose'from the pre- I
sent state of our naturalization lawn, why had they j
not the hardihood to say so ? If it was their wish 1
that the term of probation should bo extended to ji
twenty-one years, why had they not the boldness '
to speak it out ? From these resolutions as they j
stood, all that Mr. P. could gather was, not (lint i|
there was any defect in the law itself, hut that the Ij
defects existed in the execution of the law. tf that '|
was the case, what comi*ttee so proper to take lj
charge of the resolutions'as the Committee on the |
Judiciary? If the paper should be taken from
them anil given to a seleet committee, what would j
be the natural inference of the countty ? "Would it
not be that there was soinething so very important
in those resolutions that they must bo sent to a
sclect committee ? Mr. P. was not willing to sanc-
tion any such inference, and he was the less in-
clined to this since he had heard the remark of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin,] who
had urged a select committee on the ground that
Parliamentary rules required it, in order that the
resolutions might go to their friends. But did not '
the same rule exclude from voting in the standing
committees all who were unfriendly to the propo-
sition submitted? Either way, then, the House
would have an ex parte statement, replete with all
the prejudices and slanders and foul imputations
which prevailed in the Native American party,
imbodied in the shape of a very dignified report,
and stamped and authenticated by the sanction of
that House. To this Mr. P. would never consent.
The gentleman had told the House that this Na-
tive American party had originated from a letter
written by Daniel O'Connell, in Ireland, to his
countrymen in Cincinnati, exhorting them to throw
their ballot in such a manner as to put, down a cer-
tain institution, which was covered by the com-j
promises of the Constitution. The gentleman had 1
spoken agocA deal about demagogueism, and he
did not know "but this might he a touch of his own
knowledge on th#w subject. [A laugh.]
[Mr. Lsvis? here Interrupted to explain. He
hod said that «w,h had been the origin of Native '
A lrierirajaisM jit -the State of Pennsylvania.]
Ivlf, P. waron-d. Be it so; but surely there
refer ha,l been heard (if he might without per-
: dxjjrc.pect be allowed to say so) a more ridi-
cnioYis'r&iibtt for the formation of any party in the
world. "What! Because a foreign demagogue had ,1
wiitlen to certain friends of his in this country ail- '
vising them to throw their votes in a particular !j
manner to suit his wishes, therefore a Native Ame- \
rican party must be formed throughout the Union ij
to prevent the effect of his recommendation. Mr. j
P. believed that a greater demagogue than Daniel li
O'Connell never breathed the breath of life—a man i
who was sucking the blood of his own people, and j]
seeking to interfere in the concerns of ours. But J
6
must we therefore get up a party in this country to
denounce all foreign immigrants ; and that with-
out the least evidence whatever that they were
willing to comply with the recommendation? Mr.
P. had been in the city of Cincinnati when that
letter was received there, and he would that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania could have been
there too; he would have witnessed such explo-
sions of indignation from the Irishmen there, at
this attempted interference of O'Connell, that he
would forever have been set free from all fears on
tliat score. With one heart and with one voice
they denounced him, and from that tnue the Irish
influence had been withdrawn from those who
sought to interfere with the institution referred to.
And from that hour the abolition interest had been
sinking, and was continuing to sink, and Mr. F.
had not seen one of these Irish immigrants who
was not its avowed opponent. He was yet to see
the first Irish abolitionist.
[Several voiccs here exclaimed " Good !"]
One might as well look for a black bwan, for
every Irishman in the "West well knew that the
destruction of that institution involved the destruc-
tion of this Union. What, did Massachusetts
wish that foreigners should be excluded because
they were opposed to a Southern institution ? Was
it Massachusetts who wished to get up a party for
the purpose of sustaining that institution and op-
posing its oppose rs ? Had she ira'ly brlieved that
Daniel o'Connrll could exert such an influence r>s
by that letter he attempted to exert, would she
have interfered to prevent it ? Massachusetts do
this! That Stjte from vJiicb had proceeded the
first resolution for the dissolution of this Union if
Texas should be admitted mm it!
Mr. WINTfJROP here called upon the <rep( le-
mon from Ohio to produce his proo*' that luassa-
ehusetts had em* called for a dissolution of this
Union. He denied it, and if the ^ei^kaiuvt filtered
to has assertion he hoped he wo\.d<t >noyc
Mr. FARAN inquired of him whether there had
not been a public meeting there which passed and
published resolutions expressly declaring that if
would be better the Union should be dissolved
than that Texas should become a part of it?
Mr. W1NTHR0P said that there had been such
meetings held all over the Union. A company of
people could assemble any where, and pass what-
ever inflammatory resolutions they choose; but
was this a reason for saying that the Massachu-
setts Legislature, or that a majority of the people
of Massachusetts, had asked for a dissolution of
the Union? Mr. W. utterly denied that Massa-
chusetts had a<*ked any such thing.
Mr. FAR\N resumed: lie had not said that
the Legislature, or even a large portion of her peo-
ple, had made such a demand; hut what ho had
said was, that if was in Massachusetts that such a
proceeding had first originated.
But he denied that Native Americanism had ori-
ginated either there or then. No; the principle
had been first started under the administration of .
the elder Adams, and the alien and sedition laws ;
had been its first fruits. Then it was born, and,
if it had since died, it had experienced a reeeut
resurrection m the midst of burning churches in
the city of Philadelphia.
The gentleman had given a very pathetic pc- ]
count of the trampling of foreigners on the Ameri- |
can flag. For conduct like that Mr. F. had neither j
sympathy nor apology. He should as soon think i
of trampling on an aged parent's dust. But if the j
gentleman wished to complete the glowing picture !
which he had begun to draw, he ouirlit to put in >
it not only the outrages which he had so strongly j
painted, but the irritations and insults which pre- ]
ceded, and the burning dwellings and the burning !
churches which followed. True, the gentleman ]
had reminded the House that there was one Cath- !
olic church which the Native Americans had !
saved, and this was the last church attacked. It j
was a good deal like the practice of our native In- j
dians, who tied their victim to a stake, and, after i
they had tormented him till he was nearly dead, J
cut him loose that he might be reserved for future ;
torture. '
As to our foreign population generally, Mr. P.
knew of no persons in the country who were more
sober, more orderly, more industrious, or more
patriotic. He knew men personally in Cincinnati,
whom the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
have shut out of the country, who had been bound
out as servants to pay their passage-money, but
who were now among our best, most respectable,
and most wealthy citizens. Instead of protracting
their probation to twenty-one years, Mr. F. could
not but think that it would be far better policy, as
well as far better conduct, to treat them with kind-
ness and confidence. This would effect that in
their hearts which force and obloquy and exclu-
sion never could accomplish.
Mr. DAVIS, of Missouri, was opposed to the
reference of these resolutions to a select committee
on two grounds: and the first was, that, in his
opinion, they deserved at the hands of this House
no reference anywhere. They called upon Con-
gress to purify the ballot-box. Tf the ballot-box
was impure in Massachusetts, let her legislature
look at home. Massachusetts had no right to in-
quire into its condition in other States. So far as
the modification of laws for regulating elections
went, it was no concern of Congress.
And why did Massachusetts ask for an altera-
tion in our naturalization laws—laws which had
existed since the formation of the Constitution?
Winn this country had declared that a man was
not the natural and perpetual subject of the Gov-
ernment \tndor which he was bom, and had main-
tained and established the right of foreigners to
expatriate themselves, it contended, of couise, in
that very act, for their ri°ht of admission here.
And, if so, why did the gentleman from 1'ennsyi
\anui demand a select committee? Such a request
proceeded on the presumption that the Judiciary
Committee was wanting either in patriotism, fideli-
ty. oi leaal learning; neither of which allegations
Mr. D. had ever heard advanced m any quarter.
And, if that committee was possessed of these
qualifications, to that, as the law committee of
this House, let the resolutions go. This was a
question which deeply interested the people of his
district. Thev, too, wanted a modification of our
naturalization laws; but it was that they might be
simplified, and that the. process of naturalization
might be more easily accomplished. So far as his
own wishes, therefoie, were concerned, he should
rather bo inclined to ask a select committee on the
other side of the question.
Much had been introduced in this discussion
which was not referred to in these resolutions. A
broad field had been thrown open, but here the an-
cient maxim, " Medio tutis&imus ibis," would not
hold. We must either make naturalization easy,
or we must withhold it entirely; for if we admit-
ted foreigners, and yet denied them the enjoyment
of all political rights among ns, we did but create
enemies to our Government, and fill our country
with discontented men. Let the principles of Na-
tive Americanism prevail, and the foreigner would
look in vain for happiness and liberty on the Amer-
ican shore. He detested that party, above all
others, for its sordid character and its arrogant
assumption.
Mr. D. here referred to a speech which had been
made by a gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr,
Rockwell] some days since, in which he had
maintained that wherever slavery existed there the
high moral character and perfcctability of man was
not to be found. Had the gentleman forgotten
that both the Adamses, and Otis, and Gerry, and
Hancock, had all swung from a State which tol-
erated slavery? Would he deny to these men a
hisji moral character? He had heard it maintained
that the way to elevate the character and increase
the prosperity of these States was to adopt the
policy of excluding foreigners. Asa commentary
on that doctrine he would refer its advocates to the
ancient empire of China, which had for centuries
shut out all the world by her great wall and her
exclusive laws. And what hud been the result?
She had been falling back behind all the other na-
tion? of the world in commerce and in power, un-
til at last a little British squadron had been able to
