82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 19,
dictate terms to the most ancient and populous na-
tion on the earth. Ho stigmatized tins doctrine of
exclusion as the doctrine of barbarism. Among
savage nations a stranger was counted an enemy,
and tne same woid designated both; but as civili-
zation and every humanizing influence advanced
and prevailed, the gates of admission were gradu-
ally thrown open. Like another celebrated sys-
tem which had prevailed in this country, this bar-
barian doctrine of exclusion had been called "the
American system." It was no such thing; it was
the European system; but even there it was melt-
ing away before the dictates of common sense and
a more enlightened policy. Even in France, that
stronghold of the feudal system, foreigners were
low permitted to hold leal estate—England aioiie
retained this blot on her national escutcheon. And
should we_ imitate her in that which was her dis-
grace' Mv. JJ. here referred to the services of
foreigners in our modern revolution; but rhough
he would not afeinu that -without it we could not
have achieved our freedom, still it furnished a
STong reason why wc should not shut our gates
against those who came to us from abroad. Such
a doctrine was never heard among the patriots of
the Revolution, and never had he been more sur-
prised than when he heard the name of Washing-
ton quoted in their support. Washington was
born for no age and for no land; he stood out alone
m his native grandeur, and Was the boast and die
property of the world. His correspondence was
still extant in which he referred to his native land
as an asylum for the oppressed; and in a letter to
Mr. Jefferson had expressed his wonder that those
who were oppressed in the Old World did not
more frequently take refuge m the ..Yew. Was this
the man whom Native Americans claimed as the
bulwark of their exclusive policy ? Much had been
said about the Declaraiion of Independence. X)id
gentlemen forget that among its signers were to be
found eight aeiual foreigners, and nine, who were
rhe immediate descendants of foreign parents? Mr.
P. here made a reference, not distinctly heard by
the reporter, to the adoption of Wasiiington by
the Irish as a son of St. Patrick, although he had
no Irish Mood in his veins. He concluded hy ex-
pressing ins hope that the resolutions would not
be refeired to j committee wiio were professedly
inimical to our foreign nopttlation.
Sir. (:i ItOVKit. s ud lhal, in rising here for the
first time, he was not supported by the zeal which
had animated a friend of his yesterday, for he en-
tertained very serious doubts whether he should
be able on that floor to give expression to the rea-
sons which influenced his mind to send these pa-
pers to the Judiciary Committee.
He called on the Clerk to give him the date of
the Massachusetts resolutions, which was found
to be the 1st of March, 1845. This was just as
Mr. G. had expected, and it identified these reso-
lutions as the offspring of an excitement in the
Massachusetts Legislature in conscquenee of the
result of the Presidential canvass of 1844—a result
winch had in no small degree been aided by the
light of the burning churches in Philadelphia.
These resolutions charged fraud in the ballot-
boxes; but against whom was this charge of fraud
legitimately directed? Against our adopted citi-
zens? No; it was against the tribunals of our ju-
diciary. Judicial action must he had before a for-
eigner coulu be naturalized. He must go before a
court of record and declare bis intention to become
a citizen: then he must appear in open court with
two citizens who could prove, unuer oath, that
they had known him for five years to have resided
continuously within the United States, that he was
of good character, and we!! atiivtod towards our
laws and Constitution.
Now if there was any fraud, against whom iv.is
it chargeable? Either against the tribunals or the
witnesses. In one or the other there must be per-
jury; and was this the idea that the Legislature of
Massachusetts intended to present? That our ju-
dicial tribunals were corrupt and our citizens per-
jured? Was that the charge? If so, where was
the tribunal before which it should be investigated,
and by whom should it be examined into? By a
select committee who had prejudged the case, and |i
who stood ready to report that foreigners as well j|
as our own tribunals had been guilty of the most '!
gigantic frauds? If a man presented himself as an
accuser, and charged on another the commission I
of a crime, and asked for a grand inquest to inves- 'i
tigate if, what would any one think of his modesty
| if he should say, ' Place me at the h'ead of this tri-
' bunal; the ordinary grand inquest is too impar-
' tial; it lives at too gieat a distance to judge of this
' case; put me there; let me present one-sided evi-
' dence in the case, and I will make an impression
' on the public mind?"
He considered the spirit of Native Americanism
as made up of religious bigotry and political intol-
erance. Was it dead? He feared not. Let those
whom it animated on this floor produce an elabo-
rate report charging fraud on our naturalized citi-
nens; let that report be sanctioned by Congress,
and pnnted by the thousand; let those gentlemen
take it to the city of Philadelphia; let the streets
, ring with it; let the papers teem with it as the re-
sult of a grand inquest by this House—and what
would be the consequence? Would not all the ele-
ments of bigotry and of political fury be again let
I loose in that unhappy city? Should we not hear
I again the midnight shriek from the poor son of Erin ;
| and the honest emigrant from Germany, driven i
j from their burning homes to seek shelter where
1 they could find it? Would not the military power ;
j of the State again be marched into her capital, and !
martial law be once more proclaimed in the once !
peaceful city of Penn? Hiese were the events '
which he anticipated, and he could not hut believe 1
that this via.; the object in view. He protested ■
against its accomplishment. If fraud was charged j
on the tribunals of our country, consign the inqui- |
1-y to a committee who should be both able and ;
impartial, where all might have a fair hearing. j
it was said that they wanted to purify the bal- i
lot-box; but this was mere nonsense. The gentle- !
man from Virginia [ Mr. Bavlt] must have satis- '
lied every man Congress could have nothing to do !;
with such a process; that was a matter which be- j
   ^ .1 v, v, v^. J uu,j ti, iiiLttlUl VV JUiCll JJt-
longed to the States. Nor had Massachusetts any
right to complaui of this, because it was a part of
the compact which bound this confederacy to-
gether.
Sir. G. said ho should move to loy the resolu-
tions Oil the table, were it not that he held that
every respectful petition was entitled to a refer-
ence. He had even voted against !aym«- the abo-
lition petitions on the table, and he wished his
course on that subject to be understood. Here he
went into an explanation, showing that it was not
iroin any approval of the abolition petitions, but
from a desire to liave a good report made, which
if sent abroad would tend to allay the excitement
and enlighten the judgment of any misguided men.
. Mr. said he had sat here astounded at hear-
ing the uttei (lisrespect witn which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had spoken of the Declaration
of Independence—that time-honored document, so
dear to every Ameiican bosom; yet, when he're-
flected on what was the true spirit of this Native !
American faction, he was the less surprised, be- i
cause m that Declaration this spirit was signally i
leouked. One of the charges preferred against 1
George the 1 lard was, that he had refused to these '
colonics (lue naturalization laws, and had thereby :
retarded their settlement. Yes, King George the !
1 liird was a good Native American; quite as e;ood ■
j as the very best of them. [A laugh.] And even '
j Greorge YVashington himself had been pointed at 1
j as the father of their principles, though for seven i
! *ort& years he had tought against just such a party 1
| This had been represented as a modern party it i
{ was no such thing. It Jived m the days of George -
j IX and of our second President, and the alien law
U7lnlt?JUf-UIia natura! 11 lived in the days 1
j of Wfus King, then our Ambassador at the Court
I of ,St. James. When certain Irishmen, who had '
perned their lives for liberty, were tried' and con-
demned to death, and were offered a pardon on ■'
condition that they should leave the country, thev '!
addressed a note to Mr. King asking leave to come • I
here. 1 he Ambassador reluctantly gave his con- ■;
sent, advising them, however, when thev should '
get here, to let public ajfmrs alcme. That gentleman ,,
had probably; learned that such emigrants usually !
oecame identified with what he esteemed the i->co- .1
bmica! party in this country. Here was nativism 'i
m all its perfection; and it was this old leaven '
which had been operating in Massachusetts. th n :
smarting- ™tkr «J o of the canvass of 1844 '
p k,d Mr' (f- t0 speak of the results of the !
leimsyjvama election, which, instead of givin* :
the Democracy a thousand votes majority", had i
given four thousand the other war. He described ' i
tne alarm wmch the Irish in hia district had felt at i.;
| the union between the Natives and the Whigs, and
• the effect of the burning of the Catholic churches
! in Philadelphia. They witnessed a similar attempt
| in New York, and they knew that if they fell into
; the hands of the Natives, God have mercy on
; them, for the Natives would not. [A laugh.] It
| was the light of these burning churches which had
I enabled the Democrats to carry their election in
j New York. And he deprecated their being- again
; turned over to the tender mercies of those same
men in that House.
j As to those who had been shot down in Ken-
sington, he hoped, if the committee should advert
to uiat subject, they would not forget to tell the
whole story—what business the Native Americans
had there, what banners they displayed, what in-
sults they gav^and who were the aggressors in
. the whole affair. When that was done, and fairly
( done, the gentleman who represented that interest
j here might shed his tears m vain. He and Iris
; sect would find no sympathy here or elsewhere.
i After adverting to Mr. Levis's appeal to the
South, Mr. G. expressed his hope that the country
never would disown the doctrines of the Declara-
tion of Independence, but would be ever ready
with one acclaim to sing anthems in its praise.
When, in fancy, he looked abroad and contem-
plated the growing glories of his country; when
he saw Texas coming in on one side, ana Oregon
coming—no, not coming in, but kept in where she
always was—upon the other, why should we not
exult in the thought that over all this fair inherit-
ance the principles of the Declaration were to he-
come co-extensive with our territory, wherever the
American flag should wave ?
Mr. HUNT, of New York, obtained the floor,
but, assenting to a desire manifested in many
quarters of the House for an adjournment, yield-
ed to
Mr. HUDSON, who moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked, aiid ordered;
and being taken, were yeas 98, nays 85.
So the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 19, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved. '
The unfinished business was, the subject-matter
of tne resolutions of the General Assembly of the
btate of Massachusetts, in favor of such amend-
ments of the naturalization laws as will protect the
ballot-box from fraud, and the amendments there-
to pending.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT was entitled to
the noor, but yielded to
Mj-HARALSON, chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, who. by general consent, made
the.following report, which was adopted :
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom
the resolutions of the 9th instant referred certain
jiortions of the President's Message, together with,
tne report of the Secretory of War, except so much
of said report as was especially referred in said
resolutions to other committees,"upon examination
of said report, find certain subjects therein not
especially referred to other than the Committee on
iT -^uairs, and which, in the opinion of the
committee, more appropriately belong to other
committees. They therefore recommend the adop-
tion of tlie following resolutions :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; be discharged from the further consideration
of so much of the report of the Secretary of War
as relates to the Chief of the corps of TopograpM-
^^Ulee'?M"i ?C rePort of that officer; also,so
much thereof as rei&tes to the harbors of the lakes,
re.noMng oijstruction? in rivers, improvements and
expenditures tueroon, together with the
lOr appropriations for the same for the ensuing fis-
cal year; anti that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee ^on Commerce.
,i; ^'i lJle Committee on Military Affairs be
discharged from the further consideration of so
!fd  'ep?rt0/-th6 Secretary of War as
relates to the Pension Office, and the reeomniemln-
uun that tne law establishing the same (swat to
expire) should be continued; and that the Sane be
referred to the Committee on
3. That the Committee on Militsu-y Mkira be
