1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
•sacred honor, to the keeping of foreign slavehold-
ers, would prove them unworthy of the trust re-
posed in them by their revolutionary ancestors?.
These resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
On motion of Mr. MORSE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of al-
lowing the district attorney of Louisiana the sal-
ary given to both officers, the western district court
having been abolished, and the district attorney
of the eastern district being required to discharge
the duties in both districts; and report by bill or
otherwise.
^ Mr. PETTIT submitted the following resolu-
tions:
1. Resolved^ That Congress have no fostering
care over any subject except such as they have
power to legislate upon.
2. Resolved, That Congress have no power to
legislate upon the subject of religion.
3. Resolved^ therefore, That Congress have no
fostering care over religion, nor power to appro-
priate money for religious purposes.
These resolutions were laid over under the rule,
for debate.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill to this House providing
for placing on the pension roll indigent soldiers of
the late war (war of 1812) who may have served
for the term of six months in the regular, militia,
or volunteer service.
On motion of Mr. CALTCK B. SMTTIT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of providing by law that in all cases of the
death of any person whose name is on the pension
roll of the United States, any arrearages of pension
due to such person at the time of his or her death
shall be paid to the administrator of such deceased
pensioner. j
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, |
Resolved, That the President of the United States '
be requested to cause to be communicated to this j
House all the information on the files and records !
of the several debarments touching and relating to
the claims of Chickasaw Indians who applied
through the Chickasaw agent for lands in pursuance
of the provisions of the Chickasaw treaty, made at
"Washington in the year 1834, since the date of the
removal of said tribe west of the Mississippi river;
the number of claimants; the lands requisite to
satisfy their demands; the number rejected and
the number approved; and the names of the as-
signees of those Indians who obtained lands; and
the action, if any, had by the department in refer-
ence to those lands which had been previously sold
at the land office at Pontotoc, and afterwards con-
firmed to individual reservees.
. Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, in pursuance of no-
tice heretofore given, obtained leave and introduced
a bill to legalize certain sales of land at the Choc-
chuma and Columbus land offices, in the State of
Mississippi; which was twice read, arid referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS,
Resolvedj That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
verting a portion of the forts of the United States ,
into schools for military instruction, on the basis j
of substituting their present garrisons of enlisted I
men by detachments furnished from each State of j
our Union, in the ratio of their several represent*- |
tion in the Congress of the United States. j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ;
expediency of establishing a direct daily mail route
from Montgomery, Alabama, to Jackson, Missis- ,
sippi. :
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office j
and Post Roads be required to inquire into the ex- j
pediency of establishing a mail route from Mobile, j
Alabama, to Jackson, Mississippi. j
On motion of Mr. KING, of Georgia,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office j
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the daily trans- ji
mission of the United States mail by sea, in steam- I!
ers, between the cities of Savannah and Charleston.
2. Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs be directed to inquire into the expediency of
improving the naval anchorage near Port Pulaski,
in the harbor of Savannah, Georgia, and of making
the necessary appropriations therefor.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
structing a canal around the falls of the Ohio river
at Jefferaonville, Indiana.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. OWEN, in pursuance of notice given, in-
troduced a bill to establish the Smithsonian Institu-
tion for the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men. Referred, on his motion, to a select
committee of seven.
Mr. WENTWORTH, in pursuance of notice
heretofore given, introduced a bill to establish the
collection district of Chicago ; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
OREGON.
Mr, DOUGLASS, from the Committee on the
Territories, on leave, reported a bill to protect the
rights of American settlers in the Territory of
Oregon, until the termination of the joint occu-
pancy of the same.
The bill was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order of the day for the
first Tuesday in January, and to continue to be
the special order from day to day until disposed
of.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS,
; Resolved, Thai the Committee on the Pos( Office
1 and Post Roads bo instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route fiom Gtuui-
cy, Illinois, to St. Joseph's, in the State of Mis-
souri.
Mr. HOGE, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, obtained leave aud introduced a bill to direct
the President of the United States to sell the re-
served mineral lands in the State of Illinois mid
Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa, supposed to
contain lead mines; winch was read twice, and re- :
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands. ■
On motion of Mr. HOGE, it was j
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be i
requested to lay before this House a statement
showing the amount expended annually for the
printing of the two Houses of Congress from the
first to the last Congress, inclusive, giving the ex-
penditures of each House in separate columns; also,
a statement of expenditure for folding and binding
for hoth Houses, m separate columns, for the same
period.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported the. following resolu-
tion; which was rend and adopted:
Resolved, That 30,000 copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office be print-
ed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, on leave, introduced a
bill, (title not heard.) which was twice read and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BAKER moved the following resolution: !
Resolved, That the joint resolution, No. 14, ap- i
proved March 3, 1845, directing the Secretary of ;
the Treasury, whenever any State shall have been !
or may be in default for the payment of interest or (
principal on investments in stocks or bonds, held i
by the United Siates in trust, to retain certain mo- i
neys to which such State is entitled, for purposes !
therein mentioned, shall not be so construed as to I
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to with- ;
hold any money belonging to the school fund of j
any State, and granted" by any ordinance or com- j
pact. j
This resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. R. SMITH, of Illinois, on leave, introduced
a bill giving to the State of Illinois the right of way
through the public lands for a railroad in said
State; which was twice read and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. R. SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the justice, and
expediency of making liberal donations of lands to
the officers and soldiers who served in the ranging
service against the Indians, on our Western fron-
|! tiers, to the close of the late war with Great Bri-
tain.
PRE-EMPTION TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr, HOUSTON, in pursuance of notice hereto-
i fore given, obtained leave and introduced a bill to
! graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
! to actual settlers, and to grant pre-emption rights;
] which was twice read and referred to the Com-
| mittee on the Public Lands,
i On motion of Mr. YANCEY,
j Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
1 of repealing so much of the 4th section of the act
, approved August 23d, 1842, as abolishes the office
; of one Inspector-General, and of restoring said of-
: fiee and the officer discharged, the same as though
; said act had never been passed.
! OREGON.
; Mr, BOWLIN submitted sundry resolutions,
! viz:
I 1. Resolved, That the Committee on Naval A f-
] fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of employing a portion of the Home squadron
within our Territory of Oregon, in exploring the
coast, rivers, harbors, bays, and straits, and also
! for the protection of our extensive commerce on
: the North Pacific Ocean.
| 2. Resolved, That the Committee on Military
! Affairs he instructed to inquire into the expediency
; of establishing an exploring expedition by land to
| examine the various passes in the Rocky moun-
, tarns and the Territories adjacent thereto, for the
' purpose of ascertaining the most practicable route
j for connecting the navigable waters of the Missis-
! sippi with those of the Oregon Territory.
! 3. Resolved, That the Committee on Military
> Affairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of employing a portion of the troops of the United
States as a pioneer corps to aid and protect *cmi-
1 grants by land on their route to Oicgon.
4. Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs be instructed to inquue into the expediency
! of extending the laws regulating our Indian mter-
! courbc over the Teiritory of Oregon, with pro-
vision for the gradual extinguishment of the Indian
title to lands in that Territory upon principles of
justice and equity, so as to avoid conflicts between
settlers and the Indian tribes relative to their pos-
sessions, and for the purpose of securing lasting
peace and friendship between them.
5. Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a system of surveys in Oregon com-
mensurate with the settlement by American citi-
zens, similar to the system already established in
other portions of the Territories of the United
States.
6. Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of or-
ganizing the militia in the Territory of Oregon,
and furnishing them with arms and ammunition,
to enable them to defend themselves against the
encroachments of the hostile Indians in that vi-
cinity.
7. Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of transporting a monthly mail to
Oregon, by means of small detachments of other-
wise unemployed soldiers, from Fort Leavenworth,
so as to secure the mail facility at little additional
cost to the Government, and preserve a lmc of
military patrol along the route.
These resolutions were laid over under the rule,
for debate.
On motion of Mr. RELFE,
Resolved, That leave be granted to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers of James
Dixon.
Mr. BOWLIN, on leave, presented a memorial,
which he stated to be from the members of the.
Legislative Assembly of Oregon, tie moved that
it be committed (without reading) to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
which is committed the bill for the government of
that Territory, and that it be printed. Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. YELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public.
Lands be instructed to inquire into the propriety'
of relinquishing to the General Government the
sixteenth section set apart for the use of common
schools, and to locate a like quantity elsewhere in
lieu thereof, when satisfactory proof is madu be
