1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
The petition of Franklin Whitney, praying that he may
be remunerated for the loss sustained m consequence of an
error of the Commissioner of Patents.
The petition ot Ebenezer Blake, a revolutionary soldier,
for compensation for losses sustained In the service of his
comitrv.
By Mr* PRESTON KING: The petition of Orinda Cooper
foi a pension.
The remonstrance and protest of citizens of Mnrtinsbur?,
Lewis county, against the admission of Texas as a slave
Bute.
On motion, the papers of Job Hawkins were -taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Also, the papers of John C, McLaughlin to the Committee
of Claiihs.
AUo, the petition and papers for the improvement of Sal-
mon river to the Committee on Commerce.
Al^o, the petition and papers of Mrs. Lavinia York to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition and papers of Lyon and Howard to the
Committee of Claims,
By Mr. HUDSON: The remonstrance of 124 inhabitants
of Douglass, Massachusetts, against the admission of Texas
as .i slave State.
The petition of Elias Carpenter for a revolutionaiy
-claim.
By Mr. WM. W, CAMPBELL: The petition of Elizabeth
Bettx, prayincf for a pension.
By Mr. RAMSEY: Petition of the legal representatives of
Samuel Mifflin, deceased, tor the payment oi a loan, &c.
By Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL: The petition of Mr*. Rodol-
plune Claxton, praying for the extension of an " act renew-
ing certain naval pensions fbr the term of five years."
Also, a remonstrance of 111 citizens of New London,
Connecticut, against the admission to the Union oi Texas
as a State with a constitution which established and per-
petuated slavery and the slave trade.
Also, the remonstrance of Benj. C- Phelps and 97 other
citizens of Connecticut, to the same effect.
Also, the petition and remonstrance, of Edward P. Hay-
ward and 59 other citizens of Connecticut, against the ad-
mission of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The remonstrance of 154 citi-
zens of Oakland county, Michigan, against the admission of
Texas with a constitution whi.-h establishes and perpetu-
ates slavery and the fclave trade.
"By Mr. AELANO: The remonstrance of ]0fi rlofToi* of
Licking county, Ohio, against tlie admission of Texas into j
tiie Union as a slave State. ;
By CALEB B. SMTTH: The petition of K. A. Clements j
administrator of J. N. Muliiean, praymg competition for |
work done on the national road, in the .Suite of Indiana, •
with accompanying papers. j
Also, the petition of Jesse Johnson, pra\jn<* that money i
paid by him to the Register of the Land Ollice at Orawioids- [
ville may be refunded. !
By Mr. HOLMEH, of South Carolina: The petition of)
Edward Fitzgendd, pm^erm tiie United States navv, |
By Mr. TIBBATTtf: The petition of Enoch Dobbins, |
piajin^ for a pennon in conMTjneiice ofiiijiiries received in ;
the service of the United S^tato-s a* a vubaltom ofricer of
the Kentucky militia during the late war with Great
Britain.
15y Mr, ABBOTT: The petition of Benjamin Batch, of
Massachusetts, and his associates, praying for an incorpo-
ration of a National Life Insurance Company, to be located
in tiie District of Columbia,
By Mr. WKNTWORTH: The petition of William Ladd
and sundry other citizens of Lake and Me Henry couuties,
Illinois, for o giail r.oute from Idttlefort, via Franklin, Ango-
la, and Solon, in Illinois, to Bi§ Foot. Wisconsin.
By Mr. MORSE: The memorial of Elizabeth H.Dixon,
widow of William Divon, praying for the confirmation of
her claim to a tract of land.
By Mr. J. G CHAPMAN: The memorial of Thomas
Crown, asking payment fbr a breach of contract for labor
and services mad© with the Engineer Department of Gov- \
emmcnt.
By Mr, BAYLY: The petition of Commodore Thomas
Ap Oatesby Jones* praying remuneration for services and a
reimbursement of expenses incurred m holding intercourse
with the chiefs of the Sandwich and oilier of the South
Sea j«Umds ia the years 1826 and 1897,
Also, the petition of the widow of John Slith, praying to
be relieved from the fulfilment of a contract entered into
between the said loiln Stub and the United States for the
puiehase of a tract of land in Northumberland county, "Vir-
ginia.
Al*o, the petition of Thomas Underbill's heirs, praying
for lemnneration for damage-- done to the farm and budd-
ings of the said Underbill by the ninth regiment of the Vir-
ginia troops in tin* continental s>civiee in lb" \e.u
Also, the petition of the a.dmmi-sti<n'>r of Holitha Lan«,
praying for the payment of damages snMained In' the non-
fulfilment of a contract on the part of ihe United Slntes fbr
bricks for the building of the fort at Old Point Comfort.
ByMr, EWING: The petition and document o;' Jesse
Biddle, a soldier of the last war, praying lor a pension.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The memorial of Lewis Allen
and other citizens of Detroit, in favor of the improvement
of the Fox and Wisconsin livtis.
By Mr, HARPER: The petition of Edith Ramsay, widow
of John Ramsey, a revolutionary soldier, piaymg for the
benefit of the pension laws.
Br Mr. TIBjRATTS: The petition of Mrs, Mary Wicks,
of Jessamine county, Kentucky, widow of William Wicks,
deceased, praying that her claim to a pension during hfe
mav be made to commence on the 1st March, 1842.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Elisha Huntington
and G-13 other*, of Wilhara Schouler and 7 others, legal
votenq of Ehwhoth Bradley and 2,043 other women, all
citizens of Lowell, in t) e State of Massachusetts, pro-
testing against, the admission of Texas into tfieUmon with
a constitution which establishes and perpetuates slavery
and the slave trade-
By Sir. JACOB-THOMPSON: The memorial of John
Hutchinson, prayinjj to he allow ml a pre-emption right to a
tract of land.
Mr. BREESE also presented, the petition of Jo-
j Bv Mr, WOODWOUTH: The remonstrance of Margaiet
i A. Sdauw and 88 other Miesof nutuhes- and Cianae 'i j, Mcintosh, an officer of tiie iNavy, askm<?
! countie*, New York, and al--o of <6 of tee clT^ry and nuty [   
| of Dutches? and Orange counties, New York, <)gAimt the
admission of Texas as a «lave Stato.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition ol Nicholas Dowhng and 167
others, citizens of the State ot Illinois, pia^aa the pa-
compensation for services performed appertaining
i to a higher grade of service; "which was referred to
| the Committee on Naval A flairs.
i Mr. DIX presented a remonstrance from ati-
| zens of Cayuga county, New York, against the
; admission of Texas into the Union as a slave
i Slate; which was laid on the table.
! Mr. UPHAM presented a similar remonstrance
j from citizens of Vermont; which was laid 011 the
table.
Air. STURGEON presented two remonstrances
of similar import from citizens of Pennsylvania;
which were hi Id on the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the memorial of
merchants, ship owneis, and others, citizens of
Saco, Maine, piaying an appropriation for the re-
ptann and eornmandeis of vesseN and j: pairing of the piers in the Saco river; which was
O j re&tied to the Committee on Commerce.
arbor ot Little bodus baj : letened to the , -if
! Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the memorial of
commissioned officers attached to the late Explor-
ing Expedition, praying to be allowed extra com-
pensation for their services; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affaiis.
Mr. FAIRFIELD rose for the purpose of re-
minding the Senate that he had some days since
been appointed Chairman of the Select Committee
to which had been referred the various petitions
praying indemnifications for losses by Frcnch spo-
liations prior to 1800. He had at the time stated
j; a wish to be excused from serving on the commil-
'j tc\ Subsequently he had reflected more fully in
1 relation to ihe position he occupied as to these
|i elatm;-:*, and he now felt himself bound to ask the
j' Senate to excu.se him from serving as a member.
lie beliescd that he had no technical inteiest in
,| tbeso claims, but he had that kind of inurest
J, which mmht, in the view of the Senate, disqualify
ii him for tin- position. Some weeks sincc/iin con-
! sequence of the deatli of a relation, his wife had
!' become possessed of the title to a small portion of
.) ore of these claims. He would, therefore, after
rending to the Senate she statute which related to
;; the interest possessed by a husband in the property
■; of his wife, ask to be excused from serving on the
j j committee.
ij The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Fairfield
,j was accordingly excused,
i| Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the memorials
jj of C. It. Selly, a seaman in the naval service of
the United States during the late war, and of Wil-
liam Penneyer, a revolutionary soldier, praying for
pensions; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. DAYTON presented a remonstrance from
certain citizens of New Jersey against the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union as a slave State;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. DAYTON also presented the memorial of
Richard S. Coxe, of the city of Washington, pray-
ing compensation for legal services as counsel for
the Post OiFce Department, at the request of the
Postmaster General; which was referred to the
of a law directing the sale of the reseivod mineral lands
belonging to the Government in the Slate of Illinois and
Teintones of Iowa and Wisconsin.
By Mr. MOULTON: Ilcr-ohition and leport of Ihe Legis-
lature of the State of New If am p^ime, on the subject of the
trial, conviction, and imprisonment of Thomas \7. Dorr, of
Rhode Island . laid on the table and ordered to oe printed.
By Mr, RATH DUN; Tbe petition off,. Backett and seve-
ral'hundred otheiri, inhabitant of the counties 0fO:~wcs{0, !
Cayuga, and Wavno, New York, in favor of nnpiovimr the j
haihor of Little Sorhw bay, New Yoi': • refined io the Com-
mitten on Oommpree. Ah-o a oei'jfioa'i-"' and momori:>l
signed bva large number of forward*!!-!, slap-owner*, and
slup-maslcis, in favor of the impiovnneiit of tlio haiboi at
Little Sodas ba\, New Toilc : u-'imed to ibc Committee on
Oommcreo. AKo a certificate Mimed bv (.'apt. J, 0, Pea'-e,
and 117 othei^f, caj)tam ■? and cornmandcis of ^'e^sels and
fetcamboals on Lake Onl
provemont of tbe harbor
Committee on Commerce,
By Mr, YELL : A memorial from the T,e^if-latu'-e of the
State of Arkansas: 1. rravniir Con^r".^ to .--o modify the
compact with that State n* Jo ailow tbe s,ib- oi the (••evenl\-
two sections to be applied to the u;je of co:m ion t-ehoois.
2. Also to allow tbe location of cettasn FpauMi clann^ m
said State. 3. Also a remonstrance iiuai'vt, the e^tah!i-h-
rnont of a national bank, a protective tariff, ami a?am*t in-
ternal improvements bv the G-mcial (hut-inmeni. cxcept for
objects clearly nation:'}. <1. ANo prajm^ a ch,ui«e in Uie
in.mnor of tbe "?'i3<3 of tUo publm l-ind^. 5. A!«o remon^tra-
ting aaain^t the di>tiibun*on of t'te piocecd^ of tlie snlt;s of
the public lands, 6. Al.so in relation to mail loutes in Ar-
kansas.
By Mr. CIIASE: Tlie petition of L. I\ Clwthmn, of T\a h-
ville, Tennessee, praying eompen^at'on for lo^e< sustained
hyh<m m cen^equcncc of tbe non-fnltibncnt, or a "oiift-L.-t
iitade by tiie TJnifcd Staii'< witii hnn for tiie renvval of ilw
Cherokee Indiana: refene<l to the Committee on Indian
S Affair-.
IN" SCXATtt.
Movoav, December JS'35.
jVfr. LEWbS presented the credciiti.MS of Jortx
C. C\luouv, elc<'tcd a Senator from the Stnte of'
South Carolina, until the <lih of Mru-di, ]Sf7, he- '
in^' the unexpired term of Daxu:l S. re- .
signed.
The credentials having been re,id, Mi. Camiou«\ |
was sworn and took his seat. ,
Mr. WEHSTCfl presented theremonstance and :
petition of FT. White and 437 otlnns. citizens of '
Salem, Mns^nchnsefts, remonstrating against the j
admission of Texas into tbe Union as a slave '
State; which was laid on the table.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented other remon-
strances, similar in their import, from citizens^ of
Pennsylvania; which were laid on the table.
Mr. MILLER presented the remonstrance of
certain citizens of Pennsylvania against the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union as a slave State;
which wf s laid on the table.
Mr. MILLER alsoyvresented a resolution of the
General/Assembly of New Jersey, recommending
an appropriation for the removal of certain obstruc-
tions to the navigation of Newark hay ; which wms
ordered to be printed and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. .
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of'j Committee on the Judiciary.
Stephen May, praying a reimbursement of the h _ '
costs and expenses of a suit instituted against hnn ;| ^ li^ciioa of c.hai l.alv.
by the United Stotes, ns a surety of a delinquent !j Mr. PIANNEGAN moved that the Senate do
postmaster; which was referred to tlie Committee ij now proceed to the election of a Chaplain; and the
on Claims. || question being put, the motion was decnled in the
Mr. DTCFTFN^ON"presented two remonstrances, [| negative
one from certain citizens of Pennsylvania, and one
from citizens of New York, against the admission
of Texas into the Union as a slave State; wSiieh
were laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS presented documents relating to
the claim of John Clark, a soldier in the last war
with Cheat Britain, asking a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the petition of citi-
zens of New Hampshire, asking that pensions be
granted to soldiers in the late war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Clara H.
Pike, widow of Zebuhni M. Pike, deceased, late an
officer in the United ShUes army, praying compen-
sation for the services of her husband" in exploring
IVJr. DAVlS presented remonstrances from eili- ;; tlie Mississippi river and the southern part of the
®nsof New York against the admission of Texas 11 Territory of Louisiana,
into the Union as a slave State; which wore laid on
the table.
Mr. BREESE presented the pclit'on of i\nn
Mix, widow of Lieut. M. P. Mix, praying the
purchase by the Government of a patent right ta-
ken out by her late husband for an invention of a
hawser stopper on chain cables; which was refer-
red to to the' Committee on Naval Affairs, and af-
ter a few remarks fvom Mr. P.reese, to the eilWt
that the poverty of tbe petitioner prevented her
from making use of the potent, was ordered to be
printed
Mr:
and another petition of
Pike praying the restoration of her nanrn to
the pension list: which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS also presented the petition of Amos
Holton, asking for the settlement of Jus accounts;
which was referred to tlie Committee on Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved that the ^et:-uo pro-
Si ceed to fill the vacancy caused by his lesignaUon
of the situation as chairman of the Select Commit-
.j tee on French Spoliations; and the motion being
!j agreed to,
• I Mr. FA IRr'I LILD moved that the appointment
