90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 22,
of the people of the Siuto were declared. The re-
sohes—all of them—were such as those whom
they represented expected and desired should be
adopted, and I have no doubt that they express
the settled con\i«uions of a lar^e uiajotity of the
people of the Stale Avium thev stale thai the vote of
my colleague was ill opposition to the elearlv ex-
pros.sed will of the people of Connecticut, and that
the resolutions for wlu<-h he \oted are incompati-
ble Willi the gnirit of the Oec'aranou of indepen-
dence, with the compromises of the Federal Con-
stitution, and w.th the gjvat purposes lor which it
is de-bred by the people to ha\e been ordamcd
and e-M.u-bslu'd.
\1 y colka^ue saj ^ lio waMiot altogether satisfied
wilh the ietovdauou.5 proposed to bo adopted by
Con"ress, ax thev came from the House of Repre-
sentative.—that they wcvfi objectionable; but, \\ itli
the amendment pioposed and adopted in the Sen-
Me. lie AoU-d for them. Yes, sii, he ilid \ote for
them so amended, and vet he knew perfectly well
ih.it th-' amendment left the ihesident at nerHet
11'-erty to ,iet upon the lesolunons, independent of
the amendment. It was optional \vuh hnn to sub-
mit the oiv,'mal or the aunndal resolutions. 1
ii't d not > iv v. hat \v as the genera! expectation and
b> i ief a 3 ;o w ha h aliernatb e the l^xe.aitive would
adopt, hut we no\\r know he did a.'i independently
of the amendment, as (he lcsoluti'Mx nuslmn/ed
him to do: and my colleague voi-ai lor tin.no ieso-
hPion*, considering them, hefoie amendment, as
objectionable, and yet with full knowledge that, the
"President was at liberty to exercise Ins discretion
whetSu r he Avould or would not submit tu Texas
bin oae or the oilier of tin. alternative propositions
i onluiiicd in the resolutions.
My colleague also said there were no instructions
hi trims gi\ en to ium, and therefore he supposed
Ikj w.is at liberty, and that it was intended lie
should be at liberty, to exercise his own judgment
m leaped to the lU'titer. In reference to this sub-
let.t, and others of a like character, it is diilicult
"for one to perceive how any substantial distinction
can be matte by those who believe m the doctrine
of instructions (uhuh 1 do not) between those
< in Avhieh precise, and definite instructions are
iiwn, and those in which, in other forms as clear
and distnict, the' views and wishes of the people of
a State aie declaied and made manifest; and why
a public servant should profess to consider the
ibrni' rax binding upon him and the latter as cre-
ating ao such obligation. Indeed, instnictmns in
teirun, and asa'tumii a distinct and definite form,
may sonn tini'-s be useless, inasmuch as it is no!.
a!\e;ivs the praeti<-e of some who believe in the
I mding f«-ne of inf-lrwiinus (of which number 1
am not mi") to obey them, unless lh.-y appro\e of
them. I ha\e deennd it proper to take tins notice
of'the remarks of my colleague which Avere con-
ne''ted with the proceedings of the Legislature;
and 1 upeat that those proceedings an, m my
judgment, fuiiv and entirely wananied by tlie gen-
\ :al f«-  ling and opinions of the citizens of Con-
necta at.
t now proceed to sfate my objections to tire reso-
lutions now undo consideration. They declare
that the a,-sent of Texas ho* been qvrn to the con-
ditions and amuantios contained in the lirst and
second ; ecunns of the joint resolution approved
Abuvh 1, ]84:>, and that* the people of Texas ha\e
anont'-d a const tin ami and erected a new State vuth
<> repuhh'an foim of iMivemment; and tlarelore
they ]Hovaie that IVmi; .-hall be and jr> oae ot the
United {States, and admitted into the I'mon on an
equal footing with the oriental Stater, in all rc-
bort.ts whatever; and thai, until a m:w apportion-
jiirnr is made of rcprei-eiitatJAes in Conctcss, the
State of Texas shall choose two representatives.
( f-ha!! v<>U onanist these resolutions for ihe same
reasons winch mdeeed mc to vote against the joint
resolutions of the last Congress relating to the ad-
ra^sum of Ttx.is. 1 bcheveth.a it is both uncon-
stitutional and bodily mcxpedtent to ]>«^ them.
"Whether—if the resolutions of Mar^h, 1^45, con-
tained an express promise and pledge, tSk-t upon
tlie eoinpUance by Tex«tH with tlie terms and con-
ditions specilied m them, she should be admitted
into the Union—ihU Cowgrcftt could refuse to tuliil
that promise and redeem that pledge, on tlie ground
that those resolutions were uneonstituuonal, is a
question I am not called upon, nor m it my pur-
pose, to consider. X find no occasion to enter into
the inquiry, whether, in the case supposed, the re-
soiu;ions ought to be considered by Congress at
this session as having been constitutionally adopt-
ed, because they received the sanction of Congress
at the preceding session, and are on that account to
be treated here as valid and binding. A Legisla-
ture may not have the power at one session to re-
pudiate the grants or set aside the executed eon-
tracts made at a pre\'ious session, and yet there
may be eases (I do not affirm there are or can be
any such) where a Legislature, at a subsequent
session would be justified in treating acts passed at
a preceding one as void, on the ground of the
want of eousiitutional power to pass them. For
example : suppose the resolutions of March, 1845*
had provided that Texas mi^ht impose duties on
expoi ts to i eplenish her treasury, or that all foreign
prods mii;ht be admitted into her ports free of
dutv, would ihts Congress be restrained from pass-
ing laws to prevent the. exaction of the duties in
the one c:x^e, or to enforce the payment of them
in the other? Such resolutions would indeed be
open, palpable violations of the Constitution, and
yet perhaps not more so, in the opinion of many,
than the admission of a foreign, independent na-
tion into the Union by an act or resolution of Ocm-
rcs^. If it be true that Congress have no right
noir to agitate the question of constitutional poAV-
er, in regard to the proceeding's preparatory to the
admission of Tckux, because a previous Congress
have decided it, would they have aright to con-
sidei it in either of the ( asey which 1 hnvo. suppos-
ed p And would they be. compelled to anmit
Texas uito the Union, with the asserted right to
lay duties on exports, and import foreign mer-
chandise free of duty, because (he faith of Congress
had been pledged to give her tins privilege, or this*
exemption > \f, however, it should be said that in
sueh ease the act of Congress is to be treated as
binding by a future Congress, until set aside by
the judicial tribunals of the nation as being uncon-
stitutional, it may be asked whether the same prin-
ciple would be applied to unconstitutional acta of
Congress, which cannot he readied -by those tri-
bunals? If the resolutions of March, 1845, had
provtded that the State of Texas should have three
Senators and ten Representatives, and she should
form a constitution under puch a stipulation and
guaranty, would they be binding mi this Congress ?
It is difficult to perceive how the courts of the
United States could take cognizance of such a
case; and however clear it is, that such a stipula-
tion would be a violation of the Constitution, is
Ctwgnss without power to declare it to, be so?
Must the aci of the Legislature forever bind all
subsequent Legislatures? And how can the con-
stitutionality of the resolutions of the Inst Congress
ever ho, settled except by Congress? Can the
Supreme Court of ihe United States decide it? If
Toms be now admitted, is there any process
known to the law by which she can be compelled
to submit this constitutional question to the judi-
cial tribunals of the country, and, if decided against
her, be ejected from the Union? Hut these are
matters as to which I express no opinion. I have
meudy thrown out these suggestions; but not with
♦ he view of aOirmmg or denying the power of
Congress to act upon the question of constitutional
law, to which reference has been made. I am
under no necessity to decide this question.
I consider the resolutions of the list Congress as
lea\ing open the whole subject of annexation to
the judgment and discretion of this Congress.
They contain no pledge of admission. They make
no promise which would be violated by our re-
fusal to admit Texas. There is no faith pJightcd
to receive her as a State of the Union. They give
no pledge binding upon a future Congress as to
admission. They simply esscrt that. Congress
" consents" that the people of Texas may, if the.y
ploa.se, with the consent of their existing Govern-
ment, .adopt a lepubhcan form of government, in
order that Texas may be admitted as one of the
Stateb of the Union. This was the extent of those
resolutions. Nothing was binding on Texas, fehe
Aves at liberty io adopt or not adopt a constitution,
a.s she pU-esed. She Ava«? required to give up no
right of sovereignty. She was not, until the fu-
ture action of Conurf ss was had upon the subject,
deprived of any property, or any power, right, or
franchise, whi'-h she enjoyed as an independent
republic. Her old form of government was to
remain until Congress should again act. She is
now, and will continue to be, until the resolutions
now under consideration assume the form of law,
a nation, a sovereign nation, independent of us,
owing us no allegiance, and governed by Ker own
hwvs, and subject to -the performance of no obliga-
tions to us as a State of the Union. She is now
acting under the government established by the
Republic of Texas—collccting impostduties of us,
as foreigners, and demanding them even on the
provisions (as it has been said) sent within her
limits to support the troops of the United States,
which have teen ordered there for her defence.
The resolutions simply authorized her, under cer-
tain conditions, to organize a State government.
They did not promise her admission into the
Union. But I shall forbear to go at large into the
construction of these resolAres on this point. At
the last session, in the remarks which I had the
honor to submit to the Senate, I stated that, in mv
judgment, the whole question of annexation would
be open to the decision of the then next Congress.
T gave my reasons at large for this opinion. They
have gone to my constituents and to the country,
and, whether well-founded or otherwise, I have
no occasion or desire to repeat them.
Believing therefore, as I do, that these resolu-
tions were not intended to be, and are not, binding
on this Congress, I oppose the admission of Texas
now, as I then opposed the preliminary steps for
her admission. She is kot heub tn a coxstitit-
tional way for admission, and, if she was, it
w0uj,r> be highly inexpedient to admit he&.
But. I shall not take up the time of the Senate in
stating at large the reasons of my opposition to the
resolutions of the last Congress. They, too, ai-e
before the people of my own State*, and if ai>y re-
marks of mine in this chamber maybe supposed
to be read by citizens of other parts of the country,
they ore before them also. Those reasons governed
my vote then; they (among others^wiM-govera it
now. '' 1
I shall vote against thes£ resolutions'because, in
my judgment, there M a provision & the Constitu-
tion' of Texas which Congress ought not to sanc-
tion—one which, in its spirit, is anti-republican,
wholly unnecessary, and calculated, under ciicum-
stances which may exist,-to produce dangerous
results, and subversive of tho. compromises of the
Constitution. I refer to the 1st section-of the 8th
article, which provides that " the Legislature shall
i havo no power to pass laws for the emancipation
( of slaves without the consent of their owners,
<f They shall have no power to prevent emigrants
{ to this State from bringing with them such persons
4 as are doomed slaves by the laws of any of the
' United States, so long as any person of the same
4 age ordottcription shall be continued in slavery by
* the laws of this State." A provision in the con-
stitution of Florida somewhat similar to this, fur-
nished a sufficient reason to induce me to speak
and vote against her admission into the Union.
By this organic law of Texas the emancipation of
slaves is virtually placed Out of the power of ike
State. I will not say a convention of her people
regularly called might not change this feature in
her constitution, and an amendment to her consti-
tution might abrogate it; but when-I consider how
difficult, if not impossible, it. is to organize such a
convention, and especially for such a purpose, and
when 1 look at the provision relating to amend-
ments—article vii, section thirty-seven, which de-
clare? that " the Legislature, whenever two-thirds of
each House Khali deem it necessary, may propose
amendments"—that these are to be submitted to
the people, and if a majority of all the citizens of
the State, voting for representatives at the then
next succeed nig election of representatives, shuil
have voted in favor of the proposed amendments,
and two-thirds of each House of the then next Legis-
lature shall, after such election,and before another,
ratify the same by yeas and nays, then they are
to be valid as parts of the constitution : provided,
that they shall have been read on three several
days in each House. If seems to me cjuite clear
that this provision must and will remain perma-
nent. Now, I consider this clause, in the consti-
tution of Texas open to the most serious objec-
tions. It is virtually perpetuating slavery in Texas.
It, in effect, takes away from the State the power
of acting on a most important subject. If a con-
siderable majority of the people should-desire to
abolish slavery in Texas; if, in the^-judgment,
circumstances imperiously demand it$-if the con-
dition in which they may happen to be placed re-
quire it; if any number lefts-tha& two-thirds of tlie
members of two successive legislatures should
deem ii to be necessary in order to promote the
