] 845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
lain to Congress on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the present session.
During the bailot for Chaplain, a mesage, in
writing, was received from the President, which
was kid on the Speaker's table without reading.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
• The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolutions (heretofore under dis-
cussion) in relation to a modification of the nat-
uralization laws.
SUPERINTENDENT OF FOLDING-BOOIMU
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved, that the
House,, ia pursuance of the order adopted on Fri-
day last, do now proceed to the election of a su-
perintendent and assistant of the folding-room.
The SPEAKER said he thought the motion
was not in order; and that it would require a sus-
pension of the rules, and a vote of two-thirds,
Mr. JONES submitted that the question was a
privileged one, and that it was clearly the intention
of the House, when it adopted the order on Fri-
day last, to proceed to its execution at the first
moment it might be in its power to do so.
The SPEAKER, on a moment's reflection, ex-
pressed the opinion that it was competent for the
House, by a majority vote, to proceed to the elec-
tion of these officers.
Mr. KENNEDY, of Indiana, suggested that the
resolution did not apply to this session of Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER directed that the resolution
should be read; which was done.
After a brief conversation on a point of order,
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolu-
tions, which he thought would answer every pur-
pose :
jResolved, That the doorkeeper bo authorized to
employ in his department eight messengers and
six pages only, and two laborers; and that the
superintendent of the folding-room may have the
entire control of said room.
Resolved, That he be authorized to employ such
persons as he may think proper to do the folding,
at a rate not exceeding seventy-five cents per thou-
sand for small documents.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON rose to a point of order.
He submitted that when the original resolution
had been offered on Friday last, the resolutions in-
troduced by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] in relation to the naturalization
laws, were before the House; and that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hunt,] was enti-
tled to the floor. Was it not out of order now for
any gentleman to attempt to wrest the floor from
him, even on a privileged question?
The SPEAKER said, that a resolution having
been adopted on Friday last, that the House would
thereafter go into the election of certain officers—
and these officers looking to the organization of
the House—the question was a privileged ques-
tion ; but the Speaker did not think that it was
now competent, to introduce a new resolution. It
was" competent, the Chair thought, for the gentle-
man to move that the House go into the election
now; but it was not competent for the Chair to
decide when the election should take place. That
was a question which the House must determine.
A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House that the Senate had concurred
in the joint resolutions of this House, providing
for the admission of the State of Texas into the
Union.
. [Some manifestations of applause, exhibited in
several parts of the House, were repressed by the
Speaker.]
The question was then declared by the Speaker
to be, on proceeding to the election of superin-
tendent ana assistant of the folding-room.
Mr. BOYD inquired if it was debatable.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
r Mr. G. S. HOUSTON rose to a point of order.
He was not opposed to the election of these offi-
cers ; but he desired that it should be done in a
proper manner, if at all-
Mr. BOYD. I understand the Speaker to say
that the question was not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is speaking
to a point of order.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON submitted that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hunt] was entitled
to the floor, and could not thus be interrupted.
Mr. BOYD. Does the gentleman appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER, in answer to Mr. Houston's
point of order, said, that the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had been recognised by
the Chair to-day before the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hunt] had taken the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired of the Chair, whether
there was any necessity by the rules that the vote
in the election of these officers should be taken
viva voce ?
The SPEAKER said he thought that the rule
was imperative in the election of all officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. Are we acting in the regular
order of business, or under a suspension of the
rules?
The SPEAKER. Under the regular order of
business."
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move (with a view to
save time) to dispense, with the viva focevote, and
that the question be taken by tellers.
The SPEAKER. The first question is, Will
the House now proceed to the election of these
officers? After that question is decided, it will
be in order to move to suspend the rule which re-
quires the election to be voce.
Mr. JONES modified his motion, so as to in-
corporate therein the motion of Mr. Hamlin, that
the House proceed to the election by tellers.
Whereupon, Mr. JENKtNS moved that the
whole subject be laid on the table.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
(after a brief conversation) were ordered; and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Benton,
Biggs, James Black, Bowlin, BrinkerhoiT, Wil-
liam G. Brown, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Colin, JJarragh, Do Mott, Dillingham,
Ellsworth, TCrdrnan, Koran, Fioklin, Fries, Giles,
Goodyear, Gordon, Graver, Jlamlm, Hoge, Hen- 1
ley, Jsaac 12. Holmes, 13ou^h, Samuel D. Hubbard, 1
Hungerford, Joseph R. Ingensoll, Jenkins, An- ;
drew Johnson, Kennedy, Preston King, M;iclay, j
McClean, McClernand, Miller, Morris, Niven, j
Owen, Parish, Rathbun, R/'id, Russell, Sawtello, !
Seammon, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, !
Strong, Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wood, ;
and Woodworth—57. i
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ste- j
phen Adams, Ashmun, Barringcr, Bedmger, Jas.
A. Black, Blandiard, Boyd, Milton Brown, Buf-
fington, Cathcart, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Cullom, Cummins,
Cunningham, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dix-
on, Dockery, Dromgoole, Ewing, Foot, Foster,
Giddmgs, Graham, Grider, Harper, Herriek, Hil-
liard, Elias B. Holmes, Hopkins,George S. Hous-
ton, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones,
Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King, Leake, Leib,
Lewis, Lumpkin, McConnell, MoCrate, McDow-
ell, McGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, McKay,
Marsh, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Norris,
Payne, Perrill, Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Rit er,
I Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
1 Root, Runk, Sawyer, Alexander D. Sims, Leon-
ard H. Simms, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Starkweather, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Thibo-
deux, Thomasson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White,
Wick, Wilmot, Wmthrop, Woodruff, Woodward,
Yancey, and Young—99.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid on the table.
The question then rccurrcd on the modified mo-
tion of Mr. Jones.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH: Remonstrance of Samuel It.
Johnson, and 128 others, citizens of Wayne county. Indiana,
against the admission of Texas as a slave State; also, a re-
monstrance of Ilcnry Hoover, and seven ctlieis, citizens of
Wayne count}', Indiana, of the same character; aU), a le-
mons, trance of Frcdenck Hoover, ot ayne county, .Indi-
ana, of the same character.
By Mr SEVERANCE: Remonstrance of John How, of
Abbott, Maine, and "26 otlieib; of Seth May, and 30 others,
of Wmthrop, Mai ne; of Thomas M. Clai he, and 18 others;
of Robert Goodenow, and £0 others, legal voters of Fann-
msjton, Maine, against the annexation of Texas; of Charles
C. Core, arid 134 inhabitants of Calais, Maine; of Samuel
Boothby, and of> citizens of Leeds, Main", all againM, the
annexation of Texas; remonstrance of Jonathan Garland,
and 108 othei citizens of Window, Maine; ofEIislia Good-
wyn, and 43 other citizens of Detroit, Maine; of Morvile
Piebcott, and 22 other citizens of Ripley, Maine; of Amos
Low, of Waterville, Maine; all against the admission of
Tpms as rt *lavr-ho!ding:St<itc.
By Mr. RATHBUN: Petition of John F. Spraime. and
about 200 otheis, citizens of Cayuga county, New Yoik,
piaymg for the inipiovement of the haibor at Little Sodus
bay, on Lake Ontario; which was rcfeirod to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. Also, the petition of A. G. Stevens, of
Buffalo, New York, for the reduction of postage: referred to
the Committee oil the Post Office and Post Roads.
1 The following: Petitions and Memorials were pre-
| sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
( priate committees:
i By Mr. H0NGERPORD: Petition of the inhabitants of
' Jefferson county, New York, fbr a duty on certain aitxcles
! which come in competition with pot ami pearl ashes: rofer-
! led to the Committee of Ways and Means.
j By Mr. WENTWORTH: Petition of William Moore, of
Littieforf, Lake county, Illinois, for lehef. referred to the
Committee on Pnvafe Ijand Claims.
By Sir. ABBOTT: Petition of Isaac R. Howe, and 33
others, citizens of Haverhill, m the State, of Massachusetts,
praying that a Congress of nations may be instituted for the
settlement of national disputes.
By Mr. IIAMLLV: Petition of Lucy Fobes for a pension;
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
By Mr. SAWTELLE: Petition of James Wyman: refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pennons.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, December 23, 1845.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said: Mr. President,
by this morning's mail I have received memorials
signed by several thousands of our fellow-citizens,
remonstrating against the admission of Texas as o
slave State. The bill for the admission of Texaj
passed yesterday. These memorials, theiefore,
are a little too late for Texas, but they may do lor
Cuba.
The memorials were laid on the table.
Mr. JENjNTlSS presented a number of similar
memorials: which also were laid upon the table.
Mr. 15REESE presented the petition of Emeline
Owens, widow of the late Colonel J. T. Owens,
praying compensation for the une and occupation
of her premises and furniture at Chicago, in 1833,
by Geneial Wimicld Scott, while on las expedition
against the Sac and Fox Indians; and also for the
loss of her winter vegetables, bacon, flour, &c.,
&c., used by said officer and his companions-in-
arms; whi<"li were referred to the Committee on
Military Allah's.
Mr. BREESE also presented the petition of J,
C. Brown and others, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Cairo, at the mouth of the
Ohio river, to Belleville, Illinois; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CASS presented the following resolution;
which was read, and, no objection being made,
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the purpose of deepening the
channel on the flats at the mouth of the river St.
Clair, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of John
Crowell, late Creek Indian agent, asking to be re-
munerated for extra expenses and services while
such agent; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Aftans.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Chnrles
Fletcher, of Lancaster, praying a mail route from
a point live miles west of Conical Bluffs to Ore-
gon; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post OlHee and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Daniel B.
Beaker, praying for an invalid pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Hugh
Wallace Wormly, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Florida, asking for the appoint-
ment of a board of commissioners to ascertain
looses of citizens of Florida (for which the United
States should make remuneration) in the Semmole
war; which was ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of Colonel
Robert Butler, of Tallahassee, Florida, for remu-
neration for private property applied to public uses;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of Archibald
S. Smith, jr., of Florida, for remuneration for
cattle, &c., appropriated to the use of General
Jackson's troops in Florida, in 1818; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims,
