94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
Air. W. further presented the petition of Mrs. I
Su&an McCulloch, widow of 13. AlcCullogh, de- '
ceased, lieutenant of United States niwv, praying
a pension; whieh was leferred to the Committee on
Peu-uons. i
Mr. IJARItOW presented the petitions of A. M.
Gray and others, pioying the continuation of cer-
tain'land claims m the .State of Louisiana; which ;
vns referred to the Committee on Private Land j
Claims. j
Mr. B. also, pursuant to notice, asked and oh- !
tained leave to itiuoduce v' a bill to provide for a |
suvvey of the month of the lied liver. in the State i
of Louisiana:" which was read a first and sccond ;
time, and reiViTcd to the Committee on Commerce. :
Air. STUilGflOON" presented the memorial of
"Henry Ettmg, a purser m tiic United States navy,
praying to be mdemnilted for expenses and losses
incurred m a suit against the Commercial Bank of
New Orleans, for the recovery of public money de-
posited in said bank; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
RnrERESCE OF president'S MESSAGE.
ATr. NLLES moved tluit so much of the Presi-
dentMessage as refers to the post ohice and poM
roads he referred to the Committee on the Post Of- '
lies and Post Roads; which motion was agreed to.
Air. KENTON moved t'uatsomueti of the P res-
idents Alessa^e as rehrsto the condition of the
army of the United Stales he irl'cned to tlie Com-
mittee on Afihtarv Affairs; which way agreed lo.
Alt. FAIRFIELD moved that so mueli ol the
President's Message as refers to the navy of the
United States be refeirod to the Committee on
Na\a! Allan's: which motion also was agreed to.
Air. PRKEsE moved that so much of the Presi-
d< nt's Message as recommends the graduation and
reduction of the price ol the public lands, the policy
of granting pre-emptions, and the sale of the min-
eral lands, be reicried to the Committee on Public
Lands; winch was agiced to.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that so much of the
President's Message as relates to manufactures, the
mechanic arts, ami the vvosesof labor, he referred
to the Committee on Manufactures; which motion
v. as juireod to.
ATr. SEVIER moved that so much of the Presi-
dent's Message as refers to our Indian relations he
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Air. ^N'lLE.S submitted the following-resolution,
•whh-h was considered and.v^ned to:
/?< ^olvciL That the ( Vmmut"e on the Post Oiih-.c
and l\>*t Uomls lie mxn u< '..d to report a hill pro-
viding for conveying tlie. United Slates mail to and
"Wt]u>i tiii' ^i.ite of Texas, so tar as, in their
jud^.nciii, the public inteiest may nji]unc. ;
UOLYIUVS. J
Oil moHon, it was Ihsolced) That, when the Sen-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Air. ALL MX subsequently rm-ved a reconsider-
ation of this vote, on the ground that there was a
constitutional provision wlucli prohibited an ad-
join innent for Mich a b'tigth of tune; but the mo-
'ikhi did not prc\ad, thosen-e of the ►Senate being
that the period embraced by the adjournment came
withal tlie meaning of the constitutional provision.
On motion of Air. EREESE, it was
OithraU That 5,000 extra copies of the report of
the Conmns^ioner of the General Land Oiiiee be
printed without the ma;w, for the use of the Senate.
ATr. BE_XTOi\ presented a pcfit'on of David Im-
porter, piavm^ a pension for /vlrs. Evelina Porter,
widow* of Commodore Porter*, which was referred
1o the Commntee on Naval Allans.
'i'ijc PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port upon the contingent expenses of the Senate;
which, on motion of Air. Sevier, was ordered to
be pimiui.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. 1 ENTON, from the Committee on Military
AiT.urs, iepolled a bill to organize a company of
sappers and miners and pontomejs, ni pursuance
of a resolution referred to said committee <>n yes-
terday. Also, a bill to repeal the act of 1842, abol-
ishing the office of second lnspccior-Gcncral of
the army.
extension of the united states laws
over texas.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the previous or-
ders were postponed, for the purpose of taking up
the bill, reported by Jam yesterday from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to .extend the laws of the
United States over the State of Texas, as amended
by that Committee.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill, which
is as follows:
AN ACT to extend the laws of the United States
over Die State of Texas, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofllepresen-
tutives of the United States of America m Congress
assenibhd, That all the laws of the United States
are Hereby declared to extend to and over, and to
have full force and eifect within the State of Texas,
admitted at tlie presmt session of Congress into
i the confederacy and union of the United States,
i Si:c. shut be it further enacted, That the said
1 Staie of Texas shall constitute one judicial district,
, to be called the district of Texas, for which one
j jud'^o shall be appointed, who shall reside therein,
' aud'who shall receive a salary of two thousand
■ dollars per annum, and who shall hold the; first
! term of said coint at Galveston on the first Aion-
j day of Feoruary next,and at such other limes and
■ [daces in said district as may be pro\ided by law,
; or as said judge may order; and that stud court
I shall ha\ e and' exercise the same powers and juns-
! diction as have been conferred by law on tlie dis-
i tnct courts of the United States; and, also, shall
1 have and exercise the powers and jurisdiction of a
■ I euciut couit of the United States ; and appeals and
wilts of enot shall lie fioui the decisions of said
district and circuit courts for the diMriet of Texas
to the Supreme Court of the United States, in the
same cases as from a circuit court of tlie United
States to said Supreme Court, and under the same
regulations.
Sbc. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed in and for said district a person learn-
ed m the law, to act as attorney of the United
States for said district; and also a person to act as
marshal of tlie United States for said distiict, each
of whom shall receive an annual salary ol'two hun-
dred dollars, and also such compensation and fees
for oJieial services as have been or may be pro-
vided bylaw for the United States district attor-
neys ani marshals; and the judge of said court
ij shall appoint a clerk therclor, who shall receivc
j' like compensation and fees as have been or may
j! be allowed by law to clerks of the district and ciI'-
ll cuit courts of the United States.
jj Mr, SPEIGHT wished to call the attention of
J the committee to one fact. In a conversation with
|l the President last evening, it had been suggested
J 1 hat no provision was made for the appointment
of collectors of the revenue.
;; ATr. WESTCOTT said that he had prepared
i' an amendment covering that ground.
ii Air. ASULEY remaiked tnat the Committee on
the Judicial v did not foci themselves authorized to
make provision m the bill for the establishment of
■ . collection districts or post offices. They had eon-
'' lined themselves to judicial districts. And this
;! bill was designed to be temporary in its operation,
ij until one could be matured and presented in du-
:j tail. lis passage was neccssary to the carrying on
;! of the Government.
!, ATr. SPEIGHT said it was important that our
i re\ enuc laws should be extended over L exas, with
1 a \iew ol* collecting the revenue ol the country.
1 There were no collectors acting there under the
authority of the United States; and,lor tins reason,
he repeated the su^.jestion that provision in this
paiuruiar should be made without delay. Al-
' though he v\ as nni Mijjhuently acquainted vv itli me
i i ountry to Mate vvheie coih.ciors .should be cstab-
. hshed, it was certainly important that there be one
r at Galveston.
: Mr. WESTCOTT offered a fourth section to
; the bill, diawn in nearly the same phraseology as
! that which was passed to operate over tFlorida on
: her admission into the Uinon, having relercncc to
: the collection of the revenue. He said he had sub-
j muted this amendment because they were without
J knowledge as to the proper [joints for establishing
! ports of entry; and. in the absence of Senatois
, and Representatives from Texas, it appeared to
' him that it would not be proper to make anything
more than a temporary arrangement on the sub-
ject. It merely contemplated that the President of
ihe United States should temporarily organize such
collection districts as he might think proper, and
appoint collectors. He understood that a similar
provision, relative to the Post Office Department,
would be presented from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that it would be
more difficult to amend the bill if it should be
passed into a law, than to make a more extended
piovision at once. Of course, he had no desire to
delay this matter, but would rather expedite it as
fast as it could be done. He did not feel any de-
cided repugnance to giving discretionary power to
the President to establish ports of entry—in other
words, to make laws; but, by a glance at the con-
stitution of Texas, he perceived that this power
was not to be transferred to the United States until
the Suite Government was organized. The elec-
tions in Texas did not take place until the 23d—
ycsteulay; and he thought that they could mature
proper laws to answer all purposes, without the
risk of being too hasty. With this view, he moved
that the bill, with the amendments, be referred to
the Committee on Commerce. He had no doubt,
should this course be adopted, that tire committee
would report at the next meeting of the Senate.
Air. Vv ESTCOTT observed that, in his opinion,
Texas was in a position to be subjected to the
revenue laws of the United States; and, until col-
lection districts were established, a foreign vessel
could not enter her ports, and its goods could not
be landed, nor could a clearance be effected. Mer-
chandise could not be entered at New Orleans and
shipped there, even if they had a good conveyance.
And he repeated that his amendment only design-
ed that the arrangement proposed should be tem-
porary, until the Senators and Representatives
from Texas arrived here, and made Congress ac-
quainted with the necessities of the country. No
one could now say what were the proper points
for ports of entry: of this they Were ignorant;
He was opposed to the reference moved by the
Senator from North Carolina, because it would
occasion delay; And he trusted tha* the Senator
would sec that his (Mr. Wjes^cott's) amendment
was merely designed as a temporary arrangement
for the convenience of the people of Texas, and to
carry out the measure or her admission. The
adoption of a temporary provision would give
Congress time to ma'turc a settled system.
Mr, HAYWOOD contended that there was no
absolute necessity that the bill should be passed
to-day. He had always been opposed to haste
where important questions were involved. Every-
thing should be done with due deliberation, lie
made no profession of confidence in the President,
but was willing that his acts should speak for him;
but he stood here to oppose, unless there was ac-
tual necessity, the conferring of power on tlie Pres-
ident to make offices mid continue offices at plea-
I sure. That it was wrong to pass sdeh a provision
| in Ihe case of Florida, he would not say; there
j might have been necessity for it. He meant, how-
ever, to suggest to Senators that there was no
i necessity for such a measure on this occasion.
I There was nothing that now demanded they should
i pass laws because the country would suffer. The
| Senate, after its adjournment to-day, will not meet
j again until Saturday; and during the hoiyduys,
I ihe committers would devote their labors to ma-
' luring a bill less liable to objection, and which
| would doubtless answer the purpose desired.
| Three days would not postpone the matter for too
: long a time. The question involved important
■ principles, and should not be hurried through
! without a moment's time and reflection. If we
; are so ignorant that we know not where to fix the
; boundaries of the collection districts of this terra
| incognita, we should take time to learn. It was
j proposed to extend the revenue laws; and he was
not willing to transfer to the President all the
power such a measure conveyed. The subject
called for morn delay.
Mr. DAVIS had no very decided choice—■
whether they should leave the power to the Pres-
ident, or legislate now. He did not think that
three days (until the next session of the Senate)
would make much difference, lie rather felt in-
clined to spread the legislation before the country,
than to confer the authority on the Executive ; it
was more m conformity with the genius and char-
acter of our Government. lie rose chiefly to say
that he did not think there would be any inextri-
cable difficulty. It seemed to him, as a matter of
course, that when a State was admitted, the laws
of the United States, ex vi termini> extended over
it.
