1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
■ Mr. WESTCOTT, as he did not wish to em-
barrass the question, would, if in order, withdraw
Ms amendment.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped not, as he intended to
Bubvmt a modification.
Mr. WESTCOTT said that it was his intention
to move instructions to the Committee on Com-
merce on-the subject, .and thus effect his objcct.
Mr. S-PEIGH'a then proposed to the fSenator
from Florida to modify the amendment—that the
revenue laws-be extended over Galveston, Brazos,
Corpus Christi, &c., as he understood these to be
the largest ports of collection.
Mr. BERRIEN trusted that the Senator from
Florida would withdraw his amendment, and
suffer the bill reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee to be acted on. After it shall luwe been
disposed of, instructions could then with pro-
priety be directed to the Committee on Commerce
and the Post 0 J rice, to-establish collection districts
and post offices.
Mr. WESTCOTT, as this mode was probably
best calculated to expedite business, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. NILES submitted an amendment, to the
effect that, until further provision be made by Con-
gress, the President of the United States may, and
is authorized to, establish post routes, and make
contracts of a temporary character for carrying
mails.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that this amendment
was liable to the same objection as the other. He
hoped that the report of the Judiciary Committee
would not be embarrassed by amendments; but,
in relation to post offices, that a similar course
would be pursued as that in relation to the revenue
—subjects for the appropriate committees.
Mr. NILES was understood to say that the
Committee on the Post Oflice and Post Roads had
considered the subject; and it was, in their opin-
ion, necessary to adopt the amendment which he j
had submitted.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted an amendment, for
the surrender, by Texas, to the United States, of
forts, anomaNj dock-yards,
Mr. ASHLEY" asked the Senator to vithchaw
the amendment. It had no necessary connexion
with the bill, which merely proposed an extension
of our laws, and to which he believed there was no
objection.
Mr. WESTCOTT withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment of the
Judiciary Committee, and was agreed to.
The bill was then taken out of the committee of
the whole, and reported to the Senate; and the,
amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
ELECTION OF CHAVLAIN.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the Senate proceed-
ed to the election of a Chaplain.
■ Mr. LEVY made some remarks on the pro- |
priety of electing the Rev. Mr. Tu.>ton, stating that j
Mr. Matthews was withdrawn; when
^ Mr. MANGTJM and Mr. BENTON called the
Senator to order, on the ground that it was not the
practice in the Senate to make nominations.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot; and the re-
sult was declared as follows:
Whole number of votes 40; necessary to a choice
2J.
Rev. Septimus Tuston..   28
Rev. Mr. Matthews 3
Rev, Mr. Sproie 3
Rev. Mr. G-urley .4
So the Rev. S. Tit-ston is elected Chaplain of the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted : •
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be i
instructed to inquire into the expediency of passing j
an act to contine the ofHceof the Commissioner of j
Pensions. j
Mr. HAYWOOD offered the, following resolu- I
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to report to the Senate a bill for extend-
ing the revenue laws of the United States over the
State of Texas, and establishing collection districts
therein ; and to provide for the collection of the
duties which are, or may be, imposed by law upon
goods imported into said State of Texas, from and
after the period at which the act admitting the said
State into the Union shall be finally executed, and
under the provisions of the laws of the United
States already passed.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to tlie consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent theiein,
The Senate adjourned.
' HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 23, 1845.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. FARAN stated, that in the election of Chap-
lain yesterday he luid voted blank three times; that
he had observed m reading the Journal that no
blank votes had been reported. He wished to in-
quire if, in viva voce elections, blank votes wore
not reported and counted in the general result.
The CHAIR answered, that in viva voce elections
no notice had ever been taken on the Journals or
in the count of votes for " blank."
The Journal was then approved.
MAPS.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Engrav-
ing, rose to make a report.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER said that the question was a
privileged question, because, by the rule of the
House, the Committee on Engraving was empow-
ered to report at all times.
Mr. COCKE thereupon reported ilie following
resolution,which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House Le di-
rected to procure tJit* en^num^, as soon as possi-
ble, of 1U,1.j5 copics of a map arro-npanyni^ the
documents transmitted with the Annua! Message
of the President of the United States at this ses-
sion.
Mr. McDOWELL rose to a question of pri\i-
iege, and remarked that he had heard the Clerk of
the House announce the other day ins name to till
the vacancy o<*< asuiued by the resignation of his
colleague [Gov. Vancis] as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims. He ucsired to say to the House
unit he found lus name on two other committees,
and that he was excused from serving on the third
by a rule of the House.
He desired to say further, that there were cir-
cumstancss connected with the appointment of the
committees of this House aifecting the State which
he had in part the honor of representing here,
which forbade him from serving on any commit-
tee upon which his name was placed.
Mr. DANIEL, chairman of the Committee of
Claims, stated that Mr. Stephens had not attend-
ed the meetings of that Committee, and he had
been informed by that gentleman that lie did not
contemplate attending its sittings. He therefore
moved that Mr. Stephens be excused from ser-
vice on that committee, and that a member be ap-
pointed m his place.
Air. BAllRJNGEPu inquired of Mr. D. if he
was requested by Air. Sti:pii£.vs to make the mo-
tion, and if he knew the reason why Mr. S. had
not attended the committee.
Mr. DANIEL said he did not know the reasons,
nor had he been requested by Mr. S. to make the
motion. The committee had much business be-
fore it, and it was desirable to have a full commit-
tee.
Mr. COBB said, he had not seen his colleague
[Mr. Stephens] on the subject, but lie had no
doubt that his non-attendance on the sittings of
the committee was the consequence of the state of
lus health.
Mr, BARRINGER hoped his colleague [Mr.
DanfelJ would waive the motion until the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephen's j was in his seat.
The SPEAKER said it would bfe more regular
for the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to
make his motion in person; and so the matter
dropped.
CHRISTMAS.
Mr. COBB moved the following resolution :
Resolved, That when the House shall adjoun to-
day it will adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
The resolution was read and agreed to.
And, on motion of Mr. McCONNELL, the
House then adjourned until Saturday
PETITIONS.
Petitions, Memorials, and Remonstrances were
referred under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. DANIEL P. KING: The remonstrance of Jonas
Nutung, and 60 others, citizens of New Ipswich, New
Hampshire, against the admission of Texas as a slave
State.
Also, the remonstrance of Theodore II. Dorr, and 141
other citizens of Lexington, Massachusetts, for the same
object.
By Mr. CALEB B. SMITH : The remonstiancc of Lem-
uel It. Johnson,. and 123 others, citizens of Wa\ ne county,
Indiana, against the admission of Texas as a slave State.
ANo, a lemonstianee of Henry Hoover, and 7 otheis, citi-
zens of Wayne county, Indiana, of the same charaetci.
Also, a lemomUance of Frederick ltoover, of Wayne
county, Indiana, of the pame. character.
l y Mr. 1;liLAiVO: The lemonstrauce of 109 citizens of
Liekma couuty, Ohio, against the admission ot Texas into
the Union as ,i si,wo Stat".
Ai>n, the pioceedinirs of a public meeting held in Utiea,
iti the the county or Lickr.is, Ohio, signed b\ L. "IV. Knowl-
lon. cii.tuma!!, <"iii(l J.nnes II. Elder, seeietaiv, profiting
aaamM the admiwon ot' Texas into the Uniou as a ^tate.
with a constitution allowing slavery.
I'y Mr. lll'DiS' . The remonstrance of John G. Met-
eali, and other-j, ot Mar-too; of Abigail Metcalt, and othois,
of Mendon; of 67inhabitant^ of We.stboro': each piotest-
nig against the admission ot Texas a'-: a clave Ftate.
Al-o, the petition of John Oieott. ant! orh< r?, of Uvbriflgr-,
Ma<%nehu<ett<, praying {or the establishment ot aeottqieas
i | of nations.
I By Mr. SKVJil'ANCE' The remonstrances of Jonathan
, Garland and 10S other citizens of Window, Maine; of 3Eh-
j; >ha Goodwin and 43 other citizens of Detroit, Maine; of
i Monill Prcseott and 23 other citizens of Ripley, Maine; of
!. Amos Low, of Waterville, Maine ; of Robeit Go'odenow, of
Faumngton, and 81) other legal votei? of that town; oC
}' Charles O. Cone and 1.U inhabitants of Cahu--. Maine; of
II Samuel Uoothhy and .">!> citizens of Leeds, Maine ; of John
> ■ How and 2n> others, ot Abbot, Maine ; of th Ma\ and JJO
! otbcjs, of Wiufhiop, Maine; of Thomas M. Cink and 4S
other Jfifal voteis of Hallowed and Gatdiner, Maine; all
1 auain-t the ndnn^ion of Texas as a slave estate
!?vMi. Wi<]\"T WOlfTH The petition of William Moore,
, of Lmiefoif, Lake eouniy, Illinois, for lelief.
J>\ Mr. HE\Ti,EY: The petition of Gideon Walker, with
ad'Uuoiuil evi.l'-m e.
15\ Mi. HAWTRLLE: The pet'tton o^Jnines Wyman.
p IV M>. AI5B< >TT: The petition of ?-aac R How e and 33
j other-', eitr/.ens of naveibiJL ni tne tftate ot Mas-.aehn:>ett9,
J prat, iji<' that a oou<rre->s of o-itious may be instituted tor the
. senlenient of national dt.-pares.
,' Rv Mr. CHANSTO.Y: The petition of Asa Armmvton.
; Mr. W. CAMPBELL. The pet'tion oi Jhuper &
I Tlrorhc!-, of the city of Nov Yoik. pjavum timt jiuthnrity be
i; 'men to the Jlepaitimnt of War to eontiart with th< m for
); supplung tlie Mihtia oi the UmUd States uitli rfcott's In-
;' f.U'ti}' 'Parlies.
h In- Mi. FOSTER: The petition of Ftancis Renimii for
II a ])eriNion.
|i On motion ol Mr. IfKLfc'E, Report 7Co. 194, of the last
|j session of Gonads, with the aecompanving dooumrnrf,
together with tiie addjiioiril evidence relating to tiio claim
oi Jtfent St. Vram & Co., for Indian depredations, was re-
fcired to the Committee on Indian Ali'-urs.
l)y l\fr. GlIiRS: The petition of John I'orfer, pi:uring for
a pension on account of injuries received in) the public ser-
vice; refeired to the Committee on Invalid Kensions. Ale^o,
the memorial of Commander Mcintosh, prayim; for com-
pensation for performing duties belonging to tho*e of a
nighei grade: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
l?y Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Samuel ft. Wads-
worth and 206 others, citizens of Rnstport, Maine, for ;m
i appropriation for budding a new custom-hou«e at that place.
1 Also, the petition of Andrew Blake, piaymg for a bounty
1 that would have been a'ioued to the schooner Two Bro-
thers, had not the ve^ol been lo-t. ANo, the p(J:iion ot A.
! G. Ilifwin?, and others, piavmg for the aMouaac-0 of the
, rt'hinc-hounty to the --ehoouei Madison, of Oilarid, lo,-t at
i !-eay  iiile on her vojage Also? the petmon nf the citizens
' oi Fieiieiii'iai.'s Kay, piayuig for the erection of a h<nit-
i 1'oum1 at the looutli ot the >jud bay. Also, tlie petition of
; the citizen-"; of Goldslioiough, Maine,foi a light house atfhc
I entianee of Prospect harhoi\ ju said town. Also, the ne-
| titum of the eitizms of Washington eounfv, for a hyht-
hoa^c at Little ilvei, iii the town "of Cutter, Maine. Al^o,
1 the pe'if ion ot the ejriy'en«: of the Stat.? of-Maine, for the
election of a light hou<e uoo>i Spoon Island, at the entrance
, of the JcHico hay: refcried to the Commntee on Com-
; moicp,
1 By Mr. M \CLAY: The petition of Ellen Woolsev, wdow
of M. G. Woolsey, formerly a Lieutenant m the f,'nited
states n;iv) , for a pension. 'Also, the petition of A. [fara-
way, of the eitv of New Yoik, for payment of a cancelled
; tieasury note. Also, the petition of JI. Stephenson, for a
; pension.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, December 27, 1845.
In the. absence of the Vice Presiiif.nt,
xvlr. SiiVJLR having taken the chair, presented
a note from the Vice President, winch was reatl
by the Secretary, requesting Mr. Seyieh to act as
presiding officer of the day.
The Journal was then about to be reau, nhen
Mr.^CRITTENDEIS" rose, and made objection
to the irregularity of this proceeding. He had no
kind of personal objection to the honorable Senator
who was in the chair.—very far from it. He was
as willing to see that Senator in the chair as any
other member of the body; but it occurred to him
that the Vice President had no nght to commission
