PRINTED AND'PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,\B¥ BI^AIR & RI V7ES.
-New Series....No.' 7.
29t'h Oowgre'ss, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1845.
d.ent. -Hewoulif not object, however, to a post-
ponement, and-wished*the Senator from South
. Carolina, would name some day for-taking them
up. - "
* Mr. CALHOUN .expressed a wish'that the reso-
lutioiis, and tfe joint resolution of the Senator from
Ohio for .terminating the joint occupancy, should
be-considered at the same time. He hoped that
would be the course, and that a day for tlus object
would be fixed. • ,
Mr. ATCHISON suggested that the joint reso-
lution adverted to, had already been referred to the
Committee oil Foreign Relations, and that these
resolutions referred themselves.
Mr. CALHOUN would move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table, until they could be' taken up
together.
Mr. ALLEN hoped, as they were mere resolu-
tions of inquiry, that they would go to the appro-
priate committee, as was usual; and then the su I >ject-
mattcr to which they referred could be assigned
for debate on a day to be fivert. The better course
would be for thein to go to a committee, that the
Senate might have the benefit of their labors at the
appointed time-, otherwise, what would there be
before the Senate for it to act on ? The report of
the committee would properly present a subject
for discussion, which could not arise before the
resolutions were reported on. Ho would suggest
the reference of the resolutions to the Committee
•on Foreign Relations, so that they could be taken
up, in connexion with the joint resolution.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his acquiescence in
this course.
The resolutions were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
A resolution offered some days since by Mr.
UPtlAM, m favor of repealing the act abolishing
an Inspector General in the army, was taken rip.
Mr. PHELPS suggested that the adoption of
the resolution ■ was rendered unnecessary by the
action of the Committee on Military Affairs,
which had reported a bill on the subject.
The resolution was then laid on the table.
Mr. IiAYWOOD moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after a short time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.'
Saturday, December 27, 18-15.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
TEXAS.
Mr. KENNEDY, of Indiana, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported, correct, the bill
for the admission of the State of Texas into the
Union.
The SPEAKER signed the bill, which waits
only the signature of the President of the United
States to become a law.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TIBBATTS said, he desired to make a
very important report from the Committee on
Commerce, with a view to having it referred and
printed.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order would be that in which the House had been
engaged at the time of its adjournment on Tuesday
last—the question of the election of superinten-
dent and assistant of the folding-room.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of admitting reports
from committees.
Mr. BRGDHEAD, not having heard apparent-
ly the motion of Mr. Wentworth, said, that the
ftouse had now been some weeks in session, and
that the committees had not yet been called for
reports. The House was thin, and he thought
that the best object to which its time could be de-
voted for this day, would be the call of commit-
tees for reports, and he submitted that motion.
Mr ROBERT SMITH suggested to Mr. Brod-
; head so to modify his motion as to include the
■ introduction of bills of which notices had been
given, and also notices of bills hereafter to be in-
troduced.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD adherred to his original mo-
tion.
A motion was made by Mr. HOLMEfe,o'f South
Carolina, that the House adjourn; on which mo-
tion the y«as and nays were asked, and ordered;
and being taken, were, yeas 13, nays 110.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired of the
Chair, whether the bill from the Senate extending
the jurisdiction of the United States over Texas
had yet been transmitted to the House?
The CHAIR, after inquiring of the Clerk, an-
swered the question in the negative.
. The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Brodhead.
Mr. TIBBATTS urged that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of calling the committees
for reports.
RULES OF THE HOUSE. -
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, desired to give
notice of his intention to move to amend the rules,
by adding thereto the following, which was read
for information:
"That upon the engrossment or passage of any
' hill making appropriations of money for works
'of internal improvement of any kind or descrip-
' tion, it shall be in the power of any member to
' call for a division of the question, so as to take
' a separate vote of the House upon each item of
' improvement or appropriation contained ill said
' bill, or upon such items separately, and others
' collectively, as the member making the call may
'spccify; and if one-fifth of tne members present
' second said call, it shall be the duty of the
' Speaker to make such divisions of the question,
' and put them to vote accordingly."
Mr. TIBBATTS objected to the notice.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, in order to enable him to give the notice.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, asked the
yeas and nays; which were refused.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL desired to be informed
by the -gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
whether his object was to' have this proposed
amendment referred to the Select Committee,
which had heretofore been appointed on the sub-
ject of the rules ? That would much influence his
(Mr. I.'s) mind as to what course he. would take.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to reply to this inquiry—
When the SPEAKER cut off further conversa-
tion on that point, by stating that the amendment
could not be referred until it had first been re-
ceived.
And the question being then taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. Houston, if was decided in the affir-
mative.
So the rales were suspended.
And the amendment being thus before the
House,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved its reference to
the Select Committee on the Rules.
This motion (which had received the assent of
i Mr. Houston) prevailed, and the amendment was
referred accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The question again recurred on the motion to
suspend the regular order of business, for the pur-
pose of calling the committees for reports.
Mr. DARRAGH suggested that the motion
should be so modified as to include bills of which
notice had been given, and notices of bills.
Mr. TIBBATTS (in his own behalf as having
renewed the motion which was originally offered by
Mr. BrodheaC,) said he acquiesced in the modifi-
cation.
And, after a brief conversation on a point of or-
der between,Mr. Hamiin and the Speaker,
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, then moved that the
reo-ular order of business be suspended, for the
purpose of.calling tlie States for petitions, of giving
notices of bills, and of allowing the introduction of
bills of which notice had already been giv« .
Mr. PETTIT moved to amend the motion so
as to add, " and bills of which notices had not been
given."
The SPEAKER decided the amendment to be
out of order.
Mr. PETTIT indicated an appeal from the de-
cision, but did not take it.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked Mr. Smith so
to modify his motion as to allow any member who
had no petition to present to introduce a resolu-
tion.
And Mr. Smith -so modified his motion.
Mr. VANCE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. VANCE withdrew the motion.
And the cpiestion then recurred, and was taken
on the modified motion of Mr. Smith, and was de-
cided in the negative.
So the House refused to suspend the regular
order of business.
NEWSPAPERS.
On motion of Mr. IVtcCONNELL, it was
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House cause to
be furnished to the members of this House, during
the present session, such papers as they may di-
rect, the expenses thereof not to exceed thirty dol-
lars per annum for each member, from the com
mencement of the session.
THE FOLDING-ROOM.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the unfinished business of Tuesday last.
And there wore two questions pending r First,
will the House now proceed to the election of these
officers ?
And, secondly, shall the vote be taken by tellers
(as moved by Mr. Hamlin) instead of viva voce,
as required by the rule ?
[The first requires the vote of a majority only;
the second, inasmuch as it contemplates another
mode of election than that pointed out by the
rules, requires a vote of two-thirds.]
And. the question was on the first of these pro-
positions.
Mr. GR.OVER asked that a communication
which he had received from the Clerk of the House
might be read.
Mr. BOYD objected.
Mr. WENTWOKTH moved that the rules be
suspended, in order that the communication might
be read.
And the rules having been suspended, the com-
munication was read, as follows:
" Office House of Representatives U. S. )
te December 26, 1845. )
" Dear Sir: Your note of yesterday, asking-rue
4 whether or not the proposition to choose a su-
perintendent and assistant superintendent of the
folding-room, if carried into effect, will increase
the expense of the business of the legislative de-
partment, or not;' and * if ife does, in what manner
is the expense increased, and to what probable ex-
tent?' is received.
u Prom the little examination I have been able
to give the subject of which you inquire, my opin-
ion is that the expenses of the House will be ma-
terially increased by the election of the officers
named. It will be, in fact, the crcation of two new
offices, the business now" being done by messen-
gers of the Doorkeeper. The Doorkeeper is now
allowed by resolutions of the House ten messen-
gers, at $2 50 per day each; one of these messen-
gers is superintendent of the folding-room, and he
is aided daily by all the messengers and pages un-
der the Doorkeeper "when they are not otherwise
engaged. It is well known to me that in 1841 the
force of the House of Representatives was reduced
as much as a very economical committee thought
advisable, and that it is necessary to employ all
the fox*ce now in the employment of the Doorkeep-
er to have the duties under his supervision properly
attended to. The duties performed in the folding-
