98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
room are most appropriately under the Doorkeep-
er, and if two independent officers ate elected, each
responsible only to the House, it will be necessary
to supply the superintendent of the folding-room
with his messengers and assistants, independent of
the Doorkeeper; and a new set of rules and regu-
lations must be made, or the duties of the two offi-
cers will be continually conflicting with each otlicr.
The election of superintendent of the folding-room
may, and probably will, reduce the Doorkeeper's
messengers one.
" Salary of superintendent of folding-
roora, say .'.$1,200 00
Deduct one messenger from doorkeeper, 912 50
Excess of expense  037 gg
Assistant's salary, say  1,000 00
Six hands at $2 per day each, or $730
per annum each . 4,3£0 80
Extra expense by making the folding-
room a separate establishment 5,G(>8 SO
" "When I inform you that, during the first ses-
cion of the 2<5th Congress, there were folded, ex-
clusive ofpvblic documents, four millions and a half
of packages, and to do all tins, together with the
regular folding of documents, there was only
§3,045 paid out for extra folding, you can judge
whether the above estimate is too high.
" I am of opinion that the estimate is very low,
and that ,a change of the present system will not
only lead to such confusion and misunderstand-
ing, but will add to the expenditures of the House
the above estimated sum of $5,6G8 30, and in all
probability more.
" X have endeavored to answer your letter from
such data as I could procure in the short tune I
have had to devote to the subject.
" I am, with high respect, your obedient set vant,
"B. B. FRENCH.
" Hon. A. C. Niven."
[" The Clerk of the House deems it proper to
say that he received the note, the reply to which
is above, on Friday; that, as an officer of the
House, he deemed it his duty to reply thereto;
that he at once proceeded to procure all the infor-
mation in his power, and gave the result impar-
tially, and as he deems correctly. He certainly
was governed by no feeling whatever except to do
his duty and to give correctly the information
asked for."]
Mr, BOYD said, he wished a further suspension
of the orders might take place, in order that some
other officer.1, besides the Clerk, might be catc-
chised. He should like to hear from the Door-
keeper and others. lie had himself some informa-
tion, and would like to have the liberty of speech
on the subject.
Mr. RATHBUN hoped the gentleman would
be heard.
After some, conversation,
Mr. G ROVER moved that the consideration of
the subject be indefinitely postponed. This, he
said, he would not ha\e done, but for the effort
which was made to call up this question to-day,
when so many members who desired to partici-
pate in the proceedings were absent.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if it j
was in order to postpone indefinitely the execution j
of anything positively ordered by the House ?
The CHAIR entered into an explanation of the
previous proceeding on this question, and saul 1
that the motion to postpone was in order. j
Mr. PETT1T expressed strong dissent from <he '
ground taken by the Clerk 111 his report. How '
frivolous was it for any man to say that the ap~ !
pointment of two individuals by that House, who ;
were at present appointed by the Doorkeeper, f
would increase the expenditures of the House '
some four or five thousand dollars. The position j
was absurd on its very face. The whole effect of 1
the resolution would lie that the House should ;
take this appointment into its own hands, instead i
of leaving it with the Doorkeeper. The objection j
was that the Doorkeeper had now under his eon- i
trol a certain number of messengers and a certain
number of pages; and if a superintendent and an
assistant superintendent in the folding-room should
be appointed, as the Doorkeeper must retain all
his messengers arid all his pages, others must be 1-
employed 111 the folding-room. But how did this j!
follow.' Why must the Doorkeeper retain all his [I
messengers and all his pages ? Why could not the
same men, or some of them, be transferred to the
folding-room ? Why could not he dismiss four or
five of these pages? Might not the House have
such men in its employment as it preferred, with-
out deferring to the wishes of the Doorkeeper ?
Yet they must be told by their Clerk that this
would greatly augment the public expenditure, be-
cause half a dozen of the pages who now worked
daily in the folding-room would be tlsrown out of
that employ, and would have little or nothing to
do, and must still be paid. A formidable objec-
tion, indeed ! How easy would it be for the House
to direct its Doorkeeper to dismiss such of the
pages as would have nothing to do, and send them
into the folding-room, or some others in their place?
But, even if the objection Were sound, must the
i present state of disorder continue, and the public
j service sutler, even if the remedy should cost five
! thousand dollars?
; Mr. RATHBUN considered the whole discus-
, sion as relating to a very petty and trilling matter;
| it was, in fact, a war of certain gentlemen in that
House on an appointment which lmd been made
by the Dooikeeper. A pretty spectacle, truly!
The House of Representatives engaged in making
war upon a poor messenger who was receiving
two dollars ami a half a day! This important ap-
pointment was the gieat matter aimed at; and the
real question before the House was, who should
be the lucky man to get it? It was a small busi-
ness—a pitiful business—fur a House to be engaged
in, consisting of 11101 e than two hundred and forty
members at eight dollars it day. But this was not
all: they had before them facts and statistics re-
ported from an officer well acquainted with the sub-
ject, and which showed that the now plan would
necessarily be attended with an increase of ex-
pense; but that too was laughed at. He put it to
the House to say whether, making this folding-
room an independent establishment, and employ-
ing two men to superintend it, did not necessarily
involve one additional salary? As the matter now
stood, whenever the messengers and pages belong-
ing to that House were 110 longer wanted in it, they
retired to the folding-room, and there had full em-
ployment. But gentlemen xvere not satisfied with
this; they must have other persons employed for
the folding-room, and hn\ c all the Iiou.se messen-
gers and pages .-dill retained. It was not saying
too much to affirm that every word contained in
the statement of the Clerk which had been read
was strictly true. The resolution went, in fact, to
create another department, and employ another
gang of hands; and the arrangement, let gentlemen
say what they please, must and would be attended
with a large, increase of expense.
The avowed reason for this new movement was
the very unooiUuil fact that the Doorkeeper had
not appoint-'d the man which certain gentlemen
wanted. What a grave reason this was for such
a measure. It was beneath the dignity of the
llous" to folk about it. If the Doorkeeper had
not faithfully performed his duty, turn him out, but
do not take the public money to create new officers.
Members weie, striking blindly at a matter that
they did not understand. The House was told
that if these officers we.-c appointed in the folclino--
room, and theicby an 111.-leased expenditure was
produced, o eo,-responding reduction might be made
in the expenses of the Hou.se. But how? By re-
ducing the number and the pay of these poor little
pwres, who waited 011 the members—all of them
orphans, the sons of widows 111 reduced circum-
stances. And for wlnt must this cruelty be per-
petrated? To gratify the malice of certain indi-
viduals bcause, the Doorkeeper had not, appointed
the man they wanted him to appoint. Mr. R. con-
sidered the whole, matter as involving an outrage
on the feelings of humanity, and taking away tiie
bread of theso poor little lads, who had been char-
itably appointed to the place they held. For one,
he was for wiping out sueh n stain on the credit of
the 1 louse. He would not, vote to increase its ex-
penses to gratify the malice of any man. Its ex-
penditures were now on alow scale—quite low
enough—and no one did or conkl complain of
them. Yet the House was invoked to embark in
an untried experiment merely for the sake, of
changing one man now m its employ. Was it be-
cause this man happened to come from the western
extremity of the State of New York? For himself, j-
he hardly knew the individual by sight; yet the
mere fact that New York had a certain messenger !!
.employed by that-House hpd raised the ire of cer-
tain gentlemen so that they frduli stop at nothing
to get him out.' He begged gentleman nof to quar-
rel with the State of New York because she had
one out of the many servants employed by that
House, and he believed that this one all- she
had. - . - -
Mr. PETTIT here interposed to explain. He
could have been actuated by *110 such motive as
that now attributed to him; for he did iipt know
the messenger, should not know him ftow if he
met him, did not know and never had inquired
whether he came from New York? or XContucky
or Indiana. He entertained no unkind feelings to
the State of New York, and never could, until he
should forget that it was the place of his nativity.
The allusion of the gentleman, if made to him,
was wholly unfounded. • •
Mr. RATHBUN resumed, and said that he
was very glad to hear that the gentleman from
Indiana did not even know the man whom all his
fury had been uimcd'at; but this only showed how
blindly gentlemen were acting. All this " uproar
was raised because the right man had not been
appointed. How could they say so if they did
not know the man? If they neither knew him nor
his State, why did they want to turn him out after
ho had been but twenty or thirty days in office?
But he hoped the whole thing would receive the
go-by, aud that the House would not waste two
or three days in an election to fill an office so con-
temptible.
Mr. BOYD asked Mr. Rathbun whether, if
Mr. B. should introduce a resolution to elect a
new Doorkeeper, he would vote in favor of it?
Mr. RATHBUN said he would v.ote for the
yeas and nays on such a motion, and let his vote-
be recorded.
Mr. BOYD resumed, and said that neither had
he known who the man was who superintended
tin; folding-room, until some days.after the present
resolution had been adopted. He was in favor
of the resolution, not because one man was to be
put in or another nut out, but because it had long-
been his opinion that the Conduct-of the persons
in the folding-room should be under some respon-
sible man as superintendent, and that the pages
should attend to their business on that floor, and
not be intrusted with the folding and management
of the documents. The present system had re-
sulted in much confusion; and, however the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun] might
feel, the gentlemen who, like himself, came fiom
the West had an interest in this matter. They
were suffering for want of a better arrangement;
they paid their money for these documents, and
sent them _ to the folding-room to be put up for
their constituents; and when they were brought
back from the folding-room to the members' lodg-
ings, they often found three and four copies of the
same document in the same envelope, and were
forced to buy more and more, when they had al-
ready purchased the requisite number. Let. the -
House have the requisite number of pages and the
requ;site number of messengers for its nwn busi-
ness : let the rest be dispensed with, and thus they
could avoid the increased expense about which
the Clerk spoke so eloquently in his report. [A
laugh.J
Mr. B. said he thought it necessary to say thus
much in reply to the speech which had been made
by the Clerk. Mr. B. had not formed his opinion
wholly 011 the representation of Mr. Gomaer, the
late superintendent, who had been turned out of
office, and who might be supposed an interested
witness, inasfiiuch as he wanted to get back; but
he did rely on the statements of Mr. Cluecn, who
had long been in the folding-room, aud who was
no solicitor of otiice, and would not accept one if
it were, offered to him. The opinion of this com-
petent and disinterested witness was, that the plan
now proposed, instead of involving an increased
expense, would result in a saving of $2,000 an-
nually in the expenditures of the House. . Mr.
Gtucen had had long experience, and possessed a
full and personal knowledge of the whole matter,
as every gentleman must know who had been
here of kte years. This testimony was the
speech Mr. B. wanted to make, -and which he
would set in opposition to that made by the Clerk.
He had not inquired, nor did he.eare, who it was
the Doorkeeper had appointed; but he thought the
proposed change was a proper one, and hoped it
would be made. He admitted that this was a
