1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
small matter to be the subject of a debate; nor
would there have been a word of debate, but for
the opposition which had been made from New
York. He knew not whether it was owing to th-e
fact that New York gentlemen had one of their
friends in the place; at all events, he hoped the
House would go on to make this election, and
would immediately follow it up by adopting some
reduction in the present number of pages and
messengers
Mr. B. went on to observe that the present
Congress was without any Jaw regulating this mat-
ter. The last Congress had had a law, but thus
far the present, House was acting without any law
whatever, except that of usage. He trusted that
no gentleman would feel so much interest in keep-
ing these little pages in employment as to refuse
to do, on that account, what was right in itself,
and most advantageous to the public service.
TEXAS.
[A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the'House that the Senate had passed a
bill to extend the laws of the United States over
the State of Texas, and for other purposes.]
Mr. GEO. W. JONES obtained the floor, and
was about to address the House; when
t Mr. HOUSTON wished him to yield for a mo-
tion that the House would now take up and dis-
pose of the bill just received from the Senate,
extending the laws of the United States over Tex-
as; hut
Mr. JONES refused, and proceeded to say that
he had been the individual who had introduced
the resolution for electi ig asuperintendrnt and as-
sistant superintendent in the folding-room by the
House; and he could say here in his place, as
other gentlemen had done, that at the tin e he had
introduced the resolution he did not know who
occupied the place, nor did he know it for several
days afterwards. And oven now he should not
know the individual should he meet him in the
street. Hut he believed that the Doorkeeper of
this House, in appointing anybody, had acted
without authority. He was not authorized by
iaw to appoint the messengers, pages, or any other
officer. It was very true that a resolution had
been adopted by the 27th Congress, in 1841,
which did confer such authority on that officer,
but the force of the resolution expired with the
"House which adopted it. The Doorkeeper of the
last Congress had acted without authority in the
matter, and the present Doorkeeper had no better
right. In Mr. J.'s opinion that House ought to
regulate this whole matter for itself; it was for
them to say who should he their messengers, and
who their pages; they were, to say the least, as
competent to do such a duty as the Doorkeeper.
Why had such strenuous opposition come from
the &tate of INew York? Was it because the gen-
tleman now over the folding-room was from New
York? "Why, if the House should now prorecd
ro an election, would not the office be as open to !
their man as to any other? Were New York
members afraid that their fellow-citizens should
take equal chance with others?
Mr. RATHBUN here interposed to say that
his opposition had not been made because the man
came from his own State. He had known noth-
ing of him before the piesent time, and if would
make no difference m his course whether an indi-
vidual came from New York or Nova Scotia; he
was actuated by regard to principle alone.
Mr. JONES resumed. If the individual now in
the place was competent and worthy and well qual-
ified, let his friends .show that fact, and no doubt
the House would elect him; but if a majority of
the House was opposed to him, he certainly should
not remain there.
As to the question of expense, Mr. J. under-
stood that, according to the rules of the House,
that was not a debatable question on a motion to
go into the election; but, seeing that a report from
the Clerk had been read, he supposed members
had the liberty of replying. ■ Notwithstanding the
alleged knowledge and" cxperienee of the Clerk, it
seemed to Mr. j. that that officer had reasoned
throughout from false premises. According to
him this appointment would increase the expenses
of the House $5,000; but how did this follow?
Would the salary of these officers be any greater
if they were elected by the House, than if they
were appointed by the Doorkeeper ? Pie presumed
not; and if not, then the whole argument of the
Clerk fell to the ground.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun]
had appealed to the sympathies of the House in
behalf of the little orphans employed here as pages.
Now Mr. J. could truly say that the warmest sym-
pathies of his own heart were in favor of those
thus cast helpless on the world, and he should cer-
tainly be the last man living to do the slightest in-
justice to those who had suffered the misfortune of
losing their parents; but he would inquire whether
this Hall was to be an asylum for all the orphans
of the country? If it was, he wished to know it,
for he had a whole host of such in his district as
worthy of patronage as these were. He was very
willing that m the employment of pages preference
should be given to this description of boys, but no
more of them ought to be employed than the ser-
vice of the House actually requited; and he would
submit it to gentlemen to say whether they had
not more of them about the Bouse than was at all
necessary. If they should elect a superintendent
of the folding-room, would it necessarily follow
that the Doorkeeper must still keep ten pages in
employment? He thought not: a part might be
dispensed with. And should the appointment be
made, all the duties could be performed with two
messengers less than the present number. The
only difference would be that they were now paid
under the appointment of the Doorkeeper, and then
they would be paid under the appointment of the
House.
T"RXAS.
Mr. THOMPSON, otJ Mississippi, here moved
to suspend die order of the day to take up the Texas
bill as received fiom the Senate.
The motion prevailed, the order wax suspended,
and the bill was rend a lirst and second time.
Mr. 1! ATM HUN, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the judiciary, nnnedthattho lull be icferrcd
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On this motion Mr. M<CO\rNEI,L moved the
yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. JACOB T130MPS0N expressed his earn-
est desire that the bill should be passed to-day.
and inii ht accompany the other bill for the admis-
sion of Texas when that bill should be presented
to the President for his signature. He knew of
no point in it which required examination, and
hoped it would not be committed. Nevertheless,
if the honorable chairman insisted on his motion,
Mr. T. should not resist.
Mr. MclvAY, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, admitted that there was a pro-
priety in referring the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary; but he would suggest to the gentleman
who hod made the motion, that it might be better
to send it to the Committee on Commerce, inas-
much os it contained no provision for the erection
of collection districts «nd the appointment of col-
lectors. It was certainly important that our laws
should be extended over Texas, and that some
provision should be inserted in the bill providing
for the judiciary and the district attorney; but u
was yet more important that a provision should be
inserted into it for collecting revenue. As the bill
now stood there was nothing on that subject. He
knew, indeed, that the Committee on Commerce
might report a supplementary bill, but he thought
it would be a saving of time to effect the object by
an amendment of the present bill. He concluded
by moving that the bill be referred fo the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. WENTWORTH (a member of the Com-
mittee ou Commerce) said that it was his own
wish, and, as he believed, that of the committee,
that the present bill should pass by itself, and that
the provisions referred to, which he admitted to be
a et y proper, should be made the subject of a sepa-
rate bill.
Mr. COLLAMER, in some remarks scarce
heard by the reporter, was understood to concur
in the sentiment just expressed. The subject had
been repeatedly mentioned in the Committee on
Conimei ce. That committee had no intention that
it should be overlooked; but they thought it better
to pass the present bill, and leave the provisions re-
specting coilectorships, &c., to form the subject of
another, which would be reported in due time.
Mr. McKAY thereupon withdrew his motion.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved the previous
question; but the House refused to second it; and
the question being on referring the bill to the Com- I
mittee on the Judiciary— I
Mr. McCONNELL again demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RATHBUN said he had not made his mo-
tion for reference from any desire to produce delay-
Should the reference take place, he should call the
committee together without delay, and report the
bill to the House as soon as practicable. Mean-
while, he would here declare in the face of the
House that there were some features m the bill to
which he could not yield his assent; and he here
gave notice that, if it should pass in its present
form, he should, before the close of the present
session, tukc measures to have those provisions
altered by a supplementary bill.
Mr. TJ-1URMAJM was very desirous that the
present bill should, if possible, pass and become a
law on the same day with the joint resolution for
the admission of Texas. Owing to some circum-
stance the latter had not received the signature of
the Speaker of the House until now. He pre-
sumed it would receive it to-day, and he desired
that both bills should be signed by the President at
one time. It was his own opinion that the mere
act of admission operated of itself to extend th«
laws of the United States over Texas; but, as he
understood it had been customary to pass a decla-
ratory law to til at effect, there might be a propriety
in passing a bill like this: but let it be done at
once.^ If further action was needful to establish a
judicial system or collection districts, then it could
as well be done hereafter.
Mr. SAWTELLE hoped that the bill would be
amended. By the joint resolution which had pass-
ed both Houses, Texas was admitted into theUnion
on certain conditions in repaid to her public lands;
but, by the bill from the Senate now before the
Mouse, she was to be allowed to come in on a
j footing \\ .th the original States, and our land laws
! and all other laws were at once to be extended o\er
i her. He hoped it would not be passed without
| histjjcmg referred to a committee.
j ^ P/Ir. McHEJNltY renewed the motion to commit
! the bnl to the Judiciary Committee, and stated
I that he was in favor of the object of the bill, but
j saw no reason why this bill should not be permit -
I ted to take the ordinary coutse. He had as much
' respect for the Senate and its committees as it was
right a member of this House should have; but he
was unwilling that a bill of the importance of the
one now before the House should be passed in such
haste, without a more urgent necessity for it than
there appeared to be in this case. If he thought
the mterest of the United States or of Texas would
suffer by the short delay of forty-eight hours,
(which would be the utmost extent of the delay, in
nis judgment,) he would not renew the motion;
but believing as he did that no possible injury
would arise from it, he had thought it his duty to
renew the motion, and hoped it would prevail.
The motion was lost, without a count.
And the question recurring on the third reading
of the bill, it passed in the affirmative.
Whereupon the bill extending the laws of the
Ijmted Slates over the State of Texas was forth-
with read a third time and passed.
SUPERINTENDENT OF FOLDING-ROOM.
The House now resumed the consideration of
the motion to elect a superintendent of the folding-
room.
Mr. KING, of New York, said that this had
been spoken of as a small matter ; but, inasmuch
as economy in the expenditures of the House was
a duty to which they all professed to attend, he
thought it was due to themselves that they should
consult about it, small as it might be, and before
they changed the existing system, should know
what they were doing. There could be no doubt
that the effect of this motion would be the creation
j of two new offices. The order of the House
i authorized the Dooikeeper to appoint pages for the
' convenience of the members, which he had done;
but the House was now invoked to vote a salary
to two new officers, and pay a corps of subordi-
nates, to do which, the Clerk said, would involve
the expenditure of an additional sum of four or
five thousand dollars. Mr. K. had no doubt it
would cost this and more. If, to make up for this
sum, the pay of the pages and messengers should
be reduced, it was not difficult to predict that, at
the close of the session, strong appeals would be
made to the sympathy of the House to vote to
those individuals a sum sufficient to make their
pay equal to that of others. No gentleman could
