100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
doubt that the proposed plan would increase the
number of the servants of the EJousc, and must in
the end increase its expenses.
It had been said that nobody knew anything
about the persons to be appointed to those offices,
nor about the organization of the new system in
tiie management of the folding-room. Under these
circumstances, he would make n proposal which,
he hoped, would unite the votes of gentlemen on
both sides. Let the whole subject be. referred to
ihe Committee on Accounts, and let them report
to the House a suitable plan, which, while it im-
proved the management of the folding-room, might
not increase the expenditures of the House; then '
they would be able to get at something they could |
understand. He was opposed to this mode of!
creating offices. If the House needed more officers, j
let it he done by a direct and manly vote. Eveiy |
new office in this Government ought to be creatc'd ■
by bill, and not in an underhand and indirect man- i
nor. Let gentlemen say at once to their constit-1
uents, that the House needed more servants, and
that they must be paid out of the pubUc puise.
Gentlemen of the Democratic party had accused
the Whigs of extravagance, yet a late "Whig Con-
gress had reduced the expenses of the House very
greatly, and was this Democratic Congress about
now to increase them? lie was for a eomuuttcc.
If, on full examination, n committee should report
that these new officers were actually needed, he
would go for their appointment; but, in his judg-
ment, as at present informed, they were not.
Mr. McDOWELL admitted that this was rath-
er a small business, but he was opposed to increas-
ing bosh expenses and patronage. The present
Doorkeeper had assumed responsibility, awl had
subjected himself to much inconvenience and pain
in making a selection from numerous candidates
presented to him ; and Mr. McD. was opposed to
interfering with the present arrangement by the
appointment of two new officers, ir it would result
in the increase of expenditure by the House; but
he could not see how this was likely to result. If
the House did create these oilicers, their compen-
sation was in its own hands; the allowance must
he taken fiom the pockets of their constituents,
but it could be met by a corresponding reduction
elsewhere. An attempt had been made to draw
out the sympathies of the House in favor of the
pages, but he was opposed to indulging sympathies
at the cxpen se ofhis constituents. One gentleman
had almost dropped salt tears at the thought how
this appointment was to edeet the poor orphans
who received the patronage of the House. Mr.
MeP.'s sympathies were perhaps as readily moved
as those of other gentlemen, yet lie could not but
inquire why the ] louse must ,\clec( these parfi< u-
lar individuals and put their nose into (lie public
trough. If the House was to act on sympathy
and proceed on the principle of it Jie\ing the poor, j
let the relief be general and let the House be just.
Yet he had no designs on the bread and butter of
these poor little boys, nordidhe see that they must
suffer if the House determined to do its own busi-
when a proposition had lately been up to go into
; the public treasury and dispense the public money
; for no legitimate purpose under heaven,
j Mr. McCON&ELL asked the gentleman to
1 slate what the purpose was.
| Mr. CHLPMAJN said it was well known.
I Mr. McCONJN IvLL. Hi ate it, then.
j Mr. C r-J I PAL AN said he had no objection to sta-
i ting it. That House was- not appointed for eleemo-
1 syiiary purposes, nor for the support of religion.
| Mr. jMcCON.NKLL here callcd Mr. Chifman
! to order. The gentleman was alluding to a sub-
ject not debatable; he was discussing a question
I that the House had already acted upon. Roth
1 branches of Congress had already appointed their
. Chaplains, and the gentleman was going back into
the subject of the chaplaincy. lie moved to lay
the gentleman's speech on the table. [A laugh.J
The CHAIR dceided that Mr. CmrMAiJ was
' wandering from the question.
: Mr. C1I1PMAN said he had made no allusion
| to the chaplaincy. [Ones of " Oh !" " Oh I1'] If
! the gentleman from Alabama insisted on his mo-
' tion, Mr. C. should make no reply.
1 Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, called Mr.
; CnrpMAN* to ouler. He understood the gentleman
was accusing the House of plundering the treas-
i m> •
i Mi. CTIIPMAN said he had said no such thing.
The OHALR decided that Mr. Cuipmax, having
been pronounced out of order, could not pioceed
!; but by leave of the House.
i: Leave Inning been granted—
j Mr. CHIPxvJAN expressed his regret that he
! should have been misunderstood by so distinguish-
j cd a member of the House as the gentleman from
1 Alabama, [Mr. McConnei.l.]
i Mr. AJcCONNELL said he was not so very
! much distinguished as a certain pig which had
; lately been alluded to. [A laugh.J
; Mr. CHIPMAiSi, resuming, said he had made
I no such charge as that of pluitderingthe treasury,
j He had merely alluded to past events with a view
! of introducing a single remark on the sympathy
! professed by certain gentlemen for the orphan
| pages upon the floor. If it was proper that or-
! plmns should be sustained, he would inquire whe-
I ther the treasury was an eleemosynary fund for
, that purpose? If it was, then the sympathies of
j gentlemen were well placed. But it would be bet-
1 lor that that matter should be fully understood.
: Admitting that the adoption of the resolution would
involve a reduction of the number of pages, ho did
: not understand it to be legitimate to appeal to the
! House on that ground. If these boys were placed
1 on public chanty, let it be done openly and directly
j by gentlemen who were continually addressing the
Mouse in favor of economy. Mis own opinion
was, that the piesent patronage of the Doorkeeper
was such as should not be confided to any subor-
dinate officer, and he was opposed to its continu-
ance; he would not give him any patronage whair-
Let him attend simply to his duty as Door-
i ever.
i keeper, and then the appointment would be freed
ness instead of devolving it upon a Doorkeeper. j: from improper influences. What objection was
He hoped the House would keep the power m its
own hands, and not deal it out to be exercised by
A, B, and C, as their proxies.
Mr. TIBBATTS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KING, of New York, inquired of the Chair
whether the previous question, if sustained, would
not cut off the motion to commit?
The CHAIR replying in the affirmative, the call
for the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ClIIPMAN said he had but a few remarks
to submit. The subject was spoken of as of trivial
importance, but he believed it would be found that
I there to the appointment of these two oilicers?
None in the world. The time of the House had
been consumed; but whys' Because gentlemen
wcie p.ensihl«; that patronage was improperly en-
trusted to the Doorkeeper. It should be in the
hands of tin* House, if anywhere. "When gt-nlle-
mcn talked so much about economy, they should
show a little of it m their practice. There was a
wide 'hliereiice between preuehmg and practice un-
der certain circumstances. Me believed it to be the
wish of the Mouse, as a whole, that as small a de-
mand should be made on the people's money as
was consistent with a right discharge of their pub-
its importance was small in the estimation of gen- o lie duly. Gentlemen should remember that all
tlemen just in the ratio of the interest they actually j; the money they voted away was ground out of the
took in the question. He would submit it to the I: pockets of the people under existing laws. Then,
House whether a question touching patronage J;
exercised by the Doorkeeper without authority of :■
law was a matter of such very trifling consequence?;'
He would submit whether it was a matter so trivial ;,
to take money out of the public treasury to gratify 1
their individual sympathies in open violation of!1
all law and all cxpedicncy? Again: if gentlemen p
could show by any process of logic that a mere p
change in the mode of appointment would neces- p
while they preached, he asked them to practice.
Mr. MORRIS moved to adjourn; on which mo-
tion the yeas and nays being demanded and taken,
stood as follows: Yeas 6(3, nays 73.
fto the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Prkstox King, that the question be referred
to the Committee on Accounts—
Mr. GItOVER, moved that the pending motion
sarily involve an increase of expenditure, he might i: be indefinitely postponed. He stated some of the
consent to oppose this measure; but if not, from j, details respecting the employment of pages and
what motives had all this clamor been raised |j messengers. At nine o'clock in the morning they
against it? Nothing was said about extravagance I j went into the folding-room, and there continued
diligently employed until the House met; and
whenever the &ouse adjourned, whether for a
longer or a shorter period, the duties of the folding-
room proceeded. The effect of the proposed ap-
pointment would "be to exempt these persons'from
employment in the folding-room at all Let their
numbers be reduced as far as the House pleased,
'such would be the result. Mr. G. had inquired
how this information could be brought before the
House; and lie had been told that, if he would
make an application to the Clerk of the House,
that officer could furnish him with the informa-
tion. He had thereupon addressed a respectful note
to the Clerlefand his own understanding was that
that officer was not at liberty to refuse an answer;
and Mr. G. greatly regretted that any censure
should have been cast upon .him for the letter he
had written: he was an experienced officer, and
Mr. G. a new member. If the pages -were no
longer employed in the folding-room, then the
whole business would have to be done by the
thousand. This did not appear to Mr. G. to be
a trifling -subject. He came from an inland dis-
trict—a district which never had had a United
States officer in it, save a postmaster. His con-
stituents asked and expected nothing .from this
Government in the way of patrortage; but there
was one tiling they did ask, and that was, that the
expenditures in every department of this Govern-
ment should be kept within the lowest practicable
limits; and it was on this account that Mr. G. had
i callcd on the Clcik for his report. He felt assured',
if the House understood this matter, that it would
j not consent to say to its pages and messengers*,
! you shall be relieved from all labor, save during
the hours in winch the House is xn session.
He was acquainted with the present superin-
tendent of the folding-room, but about him per-
sonally he cared nothing, Ithad been said, indeed^,
that if he was a good and proper man, the delega-
tion from New York could sustain him before the
House. Now, Mr. G., as an humble member of
that delegation, would take the liberty of saying
that, when they got up a fight here, he hoped it
would be for some more important matter than a
twenty shilling per diem officer: if they engaged-
in a contest for such officers, they would-not justly
represent their constituents. But when an official
explanation stated to the House that the result of
this appointment would be to swell the expenses
of the House from five to eight thousand dollars
a year, he could not refuse to stand in his place
and utter his voice in opposition to it. In so
doing, he considered himself as doing his duty,
and the very duty which his constituents had sent
him here to discharge.
His colleague fMr. P. King] had suggested that
the whole subject should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Accounts. To this .Mr. G. had no ob-
jection. Let them examine the whole subject, and
make a full report. One gentleman had said that
he had considered it as democratic to reduce pa-
tronage. Now, Mr. G.. would yield to no gentle-
man on that floor in devotion to democratic prin-
ciples; but, he confessed, he had not so learnt
democracy as to maintain that the people could be
benefited by taking away from the Doorkeeper the
appointment of this twenty-shilling officer. If he
; could corrupt any body by that, it was not one of
Mr. G.'s constituents: if he hoped to do anything
] with them, he must offer them larger baits. Mr.
i G, was not in favor of patronage when it could be
J dispensed with; but he would put it to gentlemen
i to say whether it compoUed with the dignity of
, that House to go into an election for every one
j of these little pages, and for every messenger
about the House. Would their constituents thank
them for spending a week of the public time in
going through the farce of an election for each one
of these subordinate officers? He thought not.
He hoped the House would act coolly in the mat-
ter, and would not proceed to create new offices
without having their eyes fully opened. He was
willing that the subject should either go to a com-
mittee, or be indefinitely postponed.
The question recurring on Mr. King's motion
to refer—
Mr. GROVER demanded the yeas'and nays,
but the House refused to order them; and the
question being put, the ayes were 49, the noes 53.
No quorum having voted, the question was about
to be again put, when,
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, the House ad-
journed. *
