104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2%
uated in an indirect and sidc-beu' way by sonic gen- f
tlemen here. If gentlemen meant or knew of'any- "
thing of the kind, let them not skulk behind innu-
endoes and side-bar insinuations, but let them come
out in an open and manly manner—let them bring
forward something explicit, something tangible.
This would be more manly conduct than to de-
stroy a man's character by insinuations.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hopkins]
had alluded to some "unfortunate" removals ana
appointments made by the Doorkeeper. Mr. McC.
was ignorant of any such. But he rather appre-
hended that if a committee should be allowed to
investigate the whole matter to the bottom, it
would be found that the real offence of the Door-
keeper lay more m his refusal to make certain ap-
pointments than the removals he had made. His
sin was that he had not accommodated everybody,
but had exercised his right like an independent
man. If any improper interference had been at-
temptcd, let it be known; and if he had been guil-
ty of any impropriety of conduct, let him be rep-
rimanded as he deserved. But, without adducing
any tangible chargc, to destroy a man by insinua-
tions was unmanly and ungenerous. And gentle-
men did themselves and the House as much injus-
tice as they did this officer—quite as much, and
more. Mr. McC. knew him to be above all such
influences. He had no connexion with him m re-
lation to any part of his oflicial conduct; but he felt
it due to the man to say thus much in his \ indica-
tion.
He concluded by moving the previous question;
but shortly after consented to withdraw the motion j
at the request of !
Mr. HENLEY, who said he felt unwilling this j
very great and weighty question should us yet be
the body had not even yet been able to come to a
decision on the momentous point. When it would
he decided he did not presume to predict; but
when it was—when at last the resolution should
have been carried out—what was the amount of
retrenchment that the labors of these gentlemen
would have accomplished ? The addition of $5,000
to the expenses of the House ? This was the way
they were getting along. Now he had all along
been for retrenchment; he§ was known as a re-
trenchment man; but he confessed he had never
known till now that retrenchment meant an in-
crease of the public expenditures.
But seriously: Was not this a ridiculous and a
disgraceful scene to be exhibited before this na-
tion? To debate for a week together whether the
House or its Doorkeeper should have the appoint-
ment of two messengers! The gentlemen were all
disinterested—most perfectly disinterested. They
all went for principle. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Boyd] did not know the man who
was in—not he; and the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] did not know him; and there was
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins,] he
did not care a fig for him. They all must certain-
ly have been acting and talking from the very
purest motives, and so they had debated the mat-
ter for a whole week.
But what was the duty of the House? If there
had been ubu^e in the exercisc of an official trust,
how were they to get at it? By adopting the reso-
lution of the gentleman from .North Carolina, [Mr.
McKau] That gentleman had shown that this
was a matter which this House, as a House, was
incapable and unfit to examine into. Then let a
committee investigate it.
As to the corruption, and the bargains, and the
withdrawn from debate. When subjects of this j! log-rolling, which had been alluded to, Mr. II. did
Hciious magnitude were under discussion, Mr. 11.
felt anxious to take a hand. [A. laugh.] This (he \
understood) was a question of cconomy—a quc.-i- {
tion of retrenchment, and as he, too, j>rofisstd to !
go for retrenchment, he wanted to ha\e a hand in '
so solemn a discussion, fie feared, it Mas true,'
not know whether there were just grounds for
such a chargc. Mr. H. was comparatively green
here. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hop-
kins] was an old member, and knew probably
all about these intrigues. Mr. H. was new, and
never had Keen initiated. He thought the prae-
that there might be found some small diliereme!! tices, if they did exist, should be examined into;
between profession and piacticc in that matter, jj yet, like the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] lie should feel rather reluctant they
should come out before the world. If they were
not notoriously true, it would perhaps be better for
the Democratic paity to keep the thing within
themselves, [roars of laughter,] at least for a little
He feared this, but did not charge it. ISo; on the
contrary, lie congratulated himself and the tlouse
and the country on the rapid progress the House
was making. Retrenchment, as gentlemen proba-
bly rceollectcd, had been one of their doctrines at
the stump. They had told the people what ex- jj while. [Increased merriment.]
travngant fellows their opponents were, and how |i It had been said that the Doorkeeper had made
they would reform and retrench if the people would some improper removals. Possibly he had. Mr.
only just put them into power. Well, the people !j H. knew that some gentlemen were much dissatis-
had done so: yet now, somehow or other, the !| lied. But, for his own part, if the Doorkeeper had
people—(though it seemed in the eyes of certain '• removed every single man Mr. 11. wanted to keep
gentlemen quite demagogical to talk about the peo- ij in, lie never should think of complaining of him
pic; yet he could not help, once in a while, re- jj for it. He bad heard great complaint of the case
membcring that there wa* such a ilnng m this of one individual, who had been put out aller
country as the people; and, moie than that, that it
was the people of his district who had honored ]
him with a seat on this floor, which was a groat,
honor, indeed, for one like him; ay, and that they ,
had some expectations from him in consequence)— !
the people had somehow got it into their head that j
there was a good deal of extravagance here at t
Washington. The Whig parly had told them so -
in 1840, and the Democratic party had at suudiy I
times told them so since. In consequence of this .
their eyes had been turned with some eagerness on j
that House and its doings. And what had they j
having been here as a messenger some seven or
tight years. Now, that was precisely in accord-
ance with the doctrine Mr. H. had always eon- j
tended for. More than that. It was the very
doctrine which these complaining gentlemen were
themselves trying hard to get the President to act
on, and Mr. II. hoped they would succecd, too.
[A huigh.| if that was ail the Doorkeeper had
done, there was smely no con option m that.
He iioped no more of the public time would bo
wasted oil such a matter as this. Por his own
part, be dui not care who the man appointed,
seen ? That House had now been a month in ses-!; only let there be an end of this debute. Before he
sion, and out of that month it had spent a week in sat down, he must, however, in justice, correct
a discussion aboutthe election of two messengers? one mistake. It had been extensively rcpoited
Yes, a week on the all-important question whether
two messengers occupied in folding documents
should be appointed by the House of representa-
tives or by its Doorkeeper! They were certainly
getting on rapidly. The country, from such a
specimen, could not but be looking to them with
great, and raise,<1 expectations. There was one
gentleman from Kentucky, long famous in this
that tins officer had appointed the son of one of
the members of the House in one of the subordi-
nate stations in the House. Jt was not so: the
Doorkeeper did not even know the son of that
member.
Mr. PAYNE rose to offer buta solitary remark,
and he would not have taken any part in the dis-
cussion did he not perceive that tins debate was
House as a great leader in public economy, and j' taking a wrong direction. It seemed pretty gene-
then there was a gentleman from Tennessee who j. rally to be supposed there was some dissatisfaction
had shown his zeal for retrenchment in the matter !' with the Doorkeeper for the course he had pursued;
of furnishing the President's House : and there jl and that this was the ground of the proposal for
were several other gentlemen, almost if not quite j the House to elect these new officers. Now, Mr, P.
equals of these, leading off in great style in de-
fence of the public purse. Certainly the country
had reason to be proud of them. The House had
had many great speeches, too, on this deep sub-
ject; but though these had been listened to with
feuch thrilling interest and such profound stillness,
could dcclare upon his honor that no such consid-
eration weighed in the smallest degree with him in
this matter. All his appointments might not have
been the very best possible; but that was not the
reason Mr. P. was for giving the appointments in
question to the House. From the nature of things
it was impossible that the Doorkeeper of that Hall
- could g-ive the necessary attention to superintending
the folding-room. He had'heard at aformer ses~v
sion loud complaints that when Democratic mem-
bers of the House sent to the folding~room Demo-
cratic speeches and documents, Whig speeches ^
were put into the same envelopes, and thus they
sent under their frank Whig documents into their
districts instead of such as were Democratic.
[Much laughter.] They had purchased one sort of
matter to enlighten their constituents, and matter
directly of an opposite kind had been slipped ittto
tile envelopes! This evil ought to cease; and there
ought to be some one strictly to overlook the pages
and others engaged in folding, to see that members
got documents of the right sort. [A laugh.]
As to the Doorkeeper, his modesty and gentle-
manly bearing had commended him to Mr. P. *s re-
gard. And as to a war on these little orphan pages,
no such feeling actuated his bosom. Whether
these boys were the sons of widows Mr, P. did
not know. They came here, as he understood,
(Vom various States, being brought on by members
from their own districts. But if the object ill their
appointment wits charity—if they were selected in
order to relieve suffering humanity, he thought
they should be taken from this immediate Dis-
trict.
And as to the remarks of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] he could not for
his life see the least degree of connexion between
them and the subject, or indeed between them and
the gentleman's own motion. [A laugh.] What
connexion was there between the post office law
and the election of a superintendent of the folding-
room? The charge of letter postage on documents
was a very good reason for amending the post
office law; and if the gentleman would lend his
great influence to having that odious-law amended,
he would find Mr. P. side by side with him in
such an attempt. In fact, the whole law should
be repealed: it was a most odious and abominable
statute. But what that had to do with the folding-
room he conld not divine. He should vote against
the reference to a committee, and in favor of going
immediately into the election.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved the previous ques-
tion; but, on learning"from the Chair that, if se-
conded, it would cut off the motion to refer with
instructions, he withdrew the motion.
Mr. McKAY modified his motion for a select
committee so as to provide—
" To which shall be referred the resolution pro-
1 posing to elect a superintendent of the foldmg-
{ room and an assistant, with instructions to inquire
4 whether any and what retrenchment can be made
* in the contingent expenses of the House, and par-
' licularly whether any and what changes can be
i * made in the existing regulations of the folding
' 4 of documents."
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES now got the floor,
and was about to speak; when
Mr. McCONNELL. asked him to wait one mo-
ment while he could inquire what compensation
these little pages receivecLper diem.
Mr. JONES, declining to yield the fioor, pro-
ceeded. When up on a former day, he had assur-
ed the House that he did not know who occupied
the place when he moved that important resolution
which had given rise to the present debate. He
now could go further: he could even say that he ^
had not then even spoken to the Doorkeeper on the
subject. It was, perhaps, possible iie might have
signed some petitions presented to him on behalf
of individuals—he might have done so—he'could
not say that he had, or that he had not—he might
have signed some; but he had not spoken to the
Doorkeeper in behalf of any individual.
But he had risen on the present occasion chiefly
with a design of offering a few observations in re-
ply to the gentleman from Indiana over the way,
[Mr. Henley,] with a view to correct a misrepre-
sentation. The gentleman had made the House a
speech on economy and retrenchment, in which the
gentleman had told them that heretofore he had
thought himself an economist and an advocate.of
retrenchment. This all must know who were
members of the last Congress; for he was sure
they had all heard it at least a thousand times. "
But where lay the responsibility in th§ ptesent
case ? If an unnecessary debate had consumed the *
time of the House, who was responsible for it?
Mr. J. had himself been the author of the resolu-
tion that the House proceed to the election of a
