1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
superintendent and assistant superintendent of the
folding-room. He had had the honor of offering
that resolution, and a majority of the House had
adopted it. Mr. J. had then moved that this
House do proceed to the election. But gentlemen
had ^een fit to oppose him, and different motions
had been made. And what had been the fate of
these motions, directed as they were against the
motion Mr. J. had had the honor to propose ?
They all—yes, all—had been voted down. One
after another they had been voted down. Yet gen-
tlemen could now turn round and argue against Mr.
J. himself, and those who had supported his two
successive motions on that floor, as guilty of a
waste of the public time. But what! Was a ma-
jority of the House of Representatives not to carry
out its own will? If a minority 011 that floor dis-
turbed the course of that will, were the majority
answerable for it? He thought not. Had gentle-
men gone into the election as he (Mr. J.) had had
the honor to propose, he presumed they might have
elected both these officers in an hour's time. He
presumed they might; possibly it might have taken
a little longer. Judging from every vote yet given,
Mr. J. was pursuaded a majority of the House was
still in favor of going into this election. s Mr. J.
must express his solemn dissent from the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay.] He was still for going into the election.
After this should have been done, and these officers
should have been chosen, then let gentlemen refer
the whole subject to a select committee, who should
inquire into all the rules proper to be adopted, and
all the abuses, if any, which had occurred, and
also what retrenchments could be effected in the
expenditures of this House. When retrenchment
was proposed, Mr. J. was ever ready to go as fai-
ns he who went farthest.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, was in favor of the
reference proposed, because lie believed the ar-
rangements of the folding-room, as they now ex-
isted, were better than any which could be substi-
tuted for them, lie, too, went for retrenchment,
and lie must say, from what he had seen since he
had had a seat, here, he believed the House on«ht
to abolish this folding-room establishment alto-
gether. Let gentlemen pay for their own docu-
ments and tor having them folded. He was will-
ing to pay for liis. it was lime that the House
should dispense with all expenditures but such as
were absolutely necessary. Mr. >S. believed that
at the last session he had sent away as many doc-
uments as most gentlemen in the House, and he
was willing to have them folded at his own ex-
pense. He had personally examined the opera-
tions in the folding-room, and he believed if the
boys there were interrogated, they would say he
was their friend. He entertained 110 hostility
««.unst them. He had examined the room again
this session, and he could say that, in his opinion,
it never had been conducted so well.
Mr. S. was inclined to take the charitable view
of the course of gentlemen who had been for elect-
ing new officers. They acted, as he believed, from
feelings of kindness towards those who had not
obtained places, and not from any personal hostil-
ity to the Doorkeeper. That gentleman was an
honorable and high-minded .man, and one to whom
110 one dare propose what was dishonorable. And
Mr. S. thought the House could have more confi-
dence m tho appointments of an officer who was in
this Hall constantly before their own eyes, than
they could 111 those of a superintendent in the room
below. He believed, by-the-by, that not one mem-
ber in ten knew whereabouts 111 tins vast building
the folding-room was. As to Whig documents
having been sent wickedly in Democratic districts,
it might have been done formerly, but 110 such 1
charge had been made the present session. K.e .
was opposed to turning out the present meritorious •
incumbents, lest the world should think them
guilty of some misdemeanor. He went for the i
reference the more cheerfully, as, knowing the jj
character of the gentleman who had moved it, ji
[Mr. McKay.] he knew that gentleman would!'
have retrenchment if had it could be; he went in |,
everything for the most rigid economy. He !j
thought it no more than was due to these humble :i
pages and messengers to give them a committee of
inquiry. If they or the Doorkeeper had done
wrong, Mr. S. was ready to award the merited
punishment.
Mr. McKAY then modified his motion to refer to
a select committee by adding thereto tlie following :
" To which shall be referred the resolution pro-
' posing to elect a superintendent of the foidmg-
' room and an assistant, with instructions to inquire
' whether any and what retrenchment can be made
'in the contingent expenses of the House, and par-
' ticularly whether any and what changes can be
' made in the existing regulations of the folding of
' documents."
Mr. McCONNELL proposed further to amend
as follows :
" Also, inquire and report whether any, and, if
' so, how many of the pages of this House receive,
' or have agreed to receive, as compensation for
' their services as such, an amount less than the
' amount specified and allowed them by law; and if
' they receive less than two dollars per day, who
'gets the overplus between the amount received by
' them and the amount paid out of the contingent
' expenses of the House."
Mr. McDOWELL wished to add, " and that
' they inquire into the expediency of abolishing the
' folding-room."
Mr. TIBBATTS. And also into the propriety
of passing the bill I will send to. the Clerk's
table.
A bill was then read by the Clerk as part of
Mr. Tibbatt's amendment.
Mr. McKAY was understood to accept these
seveial amendments as modifications of his reso-
lution.
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution of reference thus modified, it was
adopted.
It was then ordered that the 'select committee
consist of five members.
Mr. WI1 EATON, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, made a repoit.
EXPENSES OF MISSION TO CHINA.
The following message was received from the
president of the United States :
Washington, December, 1845.
1 transmit tu Congress a communication from i
the Secretary o#State, with a statement of the ex-
penditures from the appropriation made by the act
entitled " An act providing the means of future 111-
' tcreoursc between the United States and the Gov-
' eminent of China," approved the 3d of March,
1843. JAMES K. POLK.
The message was read and laid on the table.
The amount appropriated by the act
of 3d March, 1843, was  $40,000 00
The amount paid Mr. Cushing, the
Commissioner, for outfit, salary,
contingencies, loss on exchange,
and return allowances, equal to
six months'salary, was.  §32,434 33
The amount paid Mr. Webster, sec-
retary to the mission  7,500 00
39,934 33
The accounts have not been finally settled; and
Mr. Cusliing claims further allow-
ances   $893 26
Mr. Webster claims      1,994 04
BLUE BOOK.
An engrossed joint resolution, directing that, in
preparing the Biennial Register, (or Blue Book,)
I there shall be exhibited, in addition to the various
j items of information now given, the time when
! each officer, agent, clerk, cadet, and midshipman
| was first, appointed, and the State or country in
which he last resided prior to the publication, was
read the third time; and the question was stated
that it do pass—
J\Tr. GEORGE W. JONES suggested that it
should be amended so as not to apply to the Regis-
ter which has been printed and will be distributed
in a lew days, as, if applied to that Register, it
would be 1 km essary to reprint it.
The resolution was read again.
Mr. RATHBI)]NT said that the amendment was
unnecessary. By the terms of the resolution, it
applied only to Registers hereafter to be prepared
and printed. The Register which was about to be
issued was already prepared and printed.
Mr. VANCE moved that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
This motion prevailed, and the subject was re-
ferred accordingly.
NATURALIZATION——NATIVE AMERICANISM.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the resolutions heretofore presented by Mr. "VVin-
throp, from the General Assembly of the State of
Massachusetts, for such amendments to the natu-
ralization laws as will protect the ballot-box and
the elective franchise from abuses and frauds.
The pending questions were—first) on a motion
by Mr. Levix to refer these resolutions to a* select
committee, with instructions to inquire whether
any, and what, alteiations are requiied m the ex-
isting naturalization laws; and, second, a motion
by Mr. Brodiiead that they be referred to ths
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. HUNT,being; entitled to the floor,remarked,
that he had no doubt our present naturalization
laws are in some respects defective, or that serious
abuses exist in their administration. He was con-
vinced that enormous frauds have been perpetra-
ted, as well by conferring the high immunities of
citizenship upon those who were not entitled to
the privilege under existing laws, as by the usur-
pation and exorcise of the right of suffrage by
aliens who have never complied with any of the
legal formalities of naturalization; not to speak of
colonizing, double voting, and other forms of cor-
ruption, which can be reached only by State legis-
lation. He desired to see such a revisal of the
code, such new and stringent piovisions, as shall
effectually prevent these abuses 111 future, and put
an end to the abominable traffic in illegal votes
which lias become the scourge and displace of our
larger cities. The evil has arrived at a magnitude
ho startling, and has of late been marked by such
boldness of atrocity, ;ts to call loudly fur redn-s*;
and nothing less than ample and effective legisla-
tion, adapted to the case, affording a lemedy winch
shall renovate the body politic and stay the pio-
gress of corruption, will satisfy the eountiy. The
purity of the elective franchise is our only pledge
for the preservation of free institutions. The in-
te^iity of the Oailbt-box is the palladium of consti-
tutional libei ly. It is the first duty of the legisla-
tive power to prescribe such guards as shall pre-
serve its inviolability and place it above suspicion.
When the ballot-box shall cease to furnish a true
exponent of the popnlnr will, when the confidence
of the people in the fidelity of its responses shall
have been forfeited, the experiment of self-govern-
ment may be pronounced a failure.- That abuses
exist which demand a corrective, will not be de-
nied. In all remedial measures, calculated to erad-
icate the evils so generally complained of, he was
piepared to co-opeiate, and would proceed as far
as those who go farthest. The party with which
it was his pride to act in the support of what he
conceived to be great national measures and bene-
ficent purposes, are united as one man upon this
vital principle of preserving the right of suffrage
unprofaned and unpolluted, as the most sacred
birthright of a free people. The Whigs of the
nation call upon the political majority of this
House, on whom rests the responsibility, to guard
and defend the elective franchise. Honest men of
all parties demand it, whether native oi adopted.
The adopted citizen who has complied with our
laws in good faith, and who desires to identify
his personal honor with the welfare of the coun-
try, must feel a double motive to protect the privi-
lege of citizenship from unlawful encroachments.
The resolutions of the Legislature of Massachu-
setts, which had given rise to this discussion, if
he rightly understood them, contemplated noth-
ing more than an inquiry into frauds and abu-
ses, and such legislation as may be necessary to
prevent coirupt and illegal practices. It may be
doubted whether any remedy will prove effectual
until our courts of justice, to whom is intrusted
the administration of the law, shall have been puri-
fied of party influences. If there be a character 011
earth which, more than any other, deserves the
execration of God and men, it is a political jud^e
who pollutes the ermine of justice and prostitutes
his sacred functions to the' furtherance of party
schemes and purposes. I consider it the most de-
ploidble and appalling evil of the time that the un-
clean ^ spirit of party has been permitted to invade
the tiibunals of justice and enter the judgment-seat,
to inflame the counsels of sworn judges. As a
