106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
spectacle, it shocks every virtuous, manly sensi-
bility; as a practice, it is the prolific mother of
mischief and corruption. It is undeniable that
too many of our courts, in the exercise of this
branch of their powers, following the baneful ex-
ample of other departments of Government, have
lent themselves to party exigencies, and become
part and parcel of the political machinery for con-
trolling and carrying elections. On the eve of im-
portant cleclion.-s they operate as a party apparatus
for the manufacture of a suilioient supply of voters,
frequently conferring citizenship without adequate |
proof, the artful and seeming compliance with 1
forms serving only to aggravate the mockery of '
substantial law and justice. Unless this profana- j
tion of judicial powers is frowned upon by the i
righteous sentiment of the country—it' we have j
reached that stage of profligacy where partisan
courts will bo tolerated by popular opinion—then
is it time lor us as a people to repeat the exclama-
tion. u We are rotten before we are ripe."
I Jut he rejoiced in the conviction that a more
healthy tone of public feeling prevails. Notwith- jj
standing the inroads of profligacy and coiruption, ;j
a sentiment of virtue pervades the body of our j;
countrymen, which will yet be heard and felt, de- j;
manding integrity and fidelity in the dischaige of <
public responsibilities. It will rise abo\e the tram- !
els of pjrty discipline, and vis>it sevrre condem- j
nation upon all who seek to gam political or per- :
sonal ascendancy by dishonorable expedient-;. (
In regard to the, particular reference of these re-
solutions he had but little to say. He preferred to j
leave that question to the political majority here, |
who alone hate the power to reform abuses and !
vindicate the violated sanctity of the elective fran- j
clnse. !
Mr. II. said he regretted that this proposition to i
rueiuiiL frauds and restore the integrity of the bal- !
lot-box should have been made the occasion for a :
discussion of a radical change in the fundamental i
principle of our system of naturalization. Ho
viewed that as a very different question, and be-I
lieved the proposed change of system, by which it!
is intended to exclude foreigners from a participa- !
tion in the rights of citizenship, wpuld find but j
little favor, either in this Hou«c or the country. I
fie wished to speak with all due respect and kind- j
ncss of that portion of our citizens who have j
thought it their duty to form a political association |
under the designation of Native Americans. To I
many of them he freely accorded the highest integ- J
rity and patriotism of purpose. j
It was unnecessary to say to the representatives j
here of that party from his own State, that he en-
tertained towards them personally the most cor- ;
dial sentiments of friendship and esteem; and, j
compelled as he was to differ from them, he as- ;
sured them it was 44 more in sorrow than in auger."
But, in the discussion of important questions, there
was but one course for him to pursue compatible
with his self-respect and sense of duty; that is, to
express his convictions with firmness, sincerity,
and independence, without respect of persons or
of consequences. To the principle which aims to
exclude foreigners from citizenship, or to extend
the length of previous residence beyond the term
now established by law, he was constrained to de- }j
clare his unqualified and iireconuleable hostility. ||
When a great elementary reform is proposed, af- M
fecting so vital aright of free-born men, we are j;
bound to inquire, in a spirit of candor, first, whe- 'j
ther the chamte is desirable; and, in the next place, ji
if desirable, whether it be attainable. Upon either ;j
of these tests he considered the plan utterly inad- \ \
missible.
The condition of our country, the nature of our ,i
institutions, and the spirit of our people, are all
incompatible with an illiberal policy towaids emi-
giants from foreign lands, who seek our shores to
better their condition. We are impelled by every jj
generous impulse to embrace them as friends and j
brothers, instead of repulsing them from us as ,j
aliens, unworthy to share the fruits of our glori- j]
ous political heritage. They come hither, as our ^
fathers came, to seek a home for themselves and
their posterity. They come to subject themselves A
to our laws and institutions, to aid us in the work ;j
of constitutional liberty and human advancement; i:
in a word, to unite with us in common perils and jj
a common destiny. Why, then, shall we attempt |j
to deprive them of a just and equal participation in :j
the choice of public agents, and the adoption of h
laws which are no less applicable to them than to lf
ourselves? A reasonable term of probation, suffi-
cient to tost their intentions, to acquaint them with
the condition of our affairs and the tendency of
measures, to inform them of our laws, manners,
and institutions, is undoubtedly requisite; but 1
believe the term of five years, now established, is^
sufficient for these purposes* A prolongation of
the period would, in my judgment, produce no
mitigation of evils which are justly complained of,
and would only serve to inflame discontent, engen-
der discord, and keep alive unnatural and danger-
ous distinctions. If it be said that foreigners are
ignorant, I would inquire if ignorance may not be
found amongst too many of our own American-
born people who participate, by common consent,
m the sovereignty of the country? That many
emigrants are ignorant is undeniable, but that
many of them are fitted by their intelligence for
the highest usefulness is equally certain. If it be
said that many of them are factious, let me ask
who is more dangerous or more worthy of our de-
nunciation than the domestic demagogue " to the
manor born," who seeks to perpetuate and mis-
lead ignorance to his own base uses? Yes, sir, the
domestic demagogue, the ever-present curse and
foe of all good citizens, whether native or adopted!
If it be said that they are poor, it may be replied
that poverty is not pcculau* to any nation; and it
should be the boast of ours that here a broad field
is open w here honest industry may find a sure re-
wnul, and win tor itself comfort, independence,
and rcspectabihiy. We all know that many for-
eigners come amongst us poor and needy, but a
majority of these, if I may speak from my own
observation, bring with them honest hearts, manly
resolves, and strong hands, ready to toil and suffer
in the pursuit of a virtuous livelihood for them-
selves and their families.
Sir, I disdain to employ the language of flattery
towards any man or class of men, native or foreign,
instead of addressing them as gods, I have never
feared to remind the people of the faults which are
inseparable to human condition, and to warn them
of the dangers to which they are exposed from
vice, ignorance, and the seductive arts of party
politicians. That the emigrant is closed, m a
peculiar manner, to the wiles of the demagogue, is
known to us all. He is too liable to be misled by
false aspersions and unmeaning professions. He
is soon sought out by that disinterested class of
patriots who drive a trade in politics. He is over-
whelmed with lavish protestations of generosity,
friendship, and devotion; and, to heighten at once
his gratitude and wonder, he is assured that a large
portion of our countrymen are hostile to liberty, at
war with the poor, and intent on establishing the
modes of aristocracy and despotism which prevail
in the old world. His mind is inflamed with false
prejudices towards his best friends, who are strug-
gling to advance the interests and welfare of all
our people; and, inlisted under party colors, he
sometimes follows the path which leads to his own
destruction. That he should yield to the arts of
the seducer is not more strange than that our first
mother should have listened to the primitive dema-
gogue who whispered discontent m paradise. It
is to be doploied, as a public misfortune, that for-
eigners, in the morning of their residence here,
arc exposed to these malign efforts and influences.
The responsibility rests, not upon the innocent
victims of delusion, but upon the native-born poli-
tician who leads them astray, Whilst all good
men should regret that the more ignorant portion
of our people, native or adopted, are so liable to
be misled lrom their own true happiness by party
spirit, it is idle to indulge feelings of petulance or
complaint, or to attempt changes which shall ex-
clude any class from a participation in public con-
cerns. It would be equally wise to complain that
men are not angels, and abandon the great experi-
ment of free government.
If it be inquired, what is to be done? are the
foreigners in our country to be marshalled in hosts
against the welfare of their adopted land ? and is
theie no remedy.'' I would say to those who pro-
pose a system of exclusion, that, in my judgment,
they have mistaken the nature of the disease, and
the extreme resort to amputation will but tend to
increase the evil and render it incurable. " Native
Americanism" is not the true remedy. There are
political as well as physical disorders, for which
time is the only infallible physician. Foreign emi-
grants may be deluded foi- a season ; but,for this,
tiniQ is the unfailing, the only corrective. Denun-
ciation, reproach, intolerance ^ violence of language
or of conduct, will but retard the consummation
which all true Americans should _ desire. - -Expe-
rience, observation, intercourse'' with* • oUr people,
will rapidly Jhnericanize the foreigner* and divest
his mind of unfounded prejudices. It should be
our aim to inform, to'enlighten, to elevate, and- un-
deceive him. Thousands of emigrants have- al-
ready discovered, and, if a kindly policy is pur-
sued, every year will swell the number of ,th6s©
who perceive the worthtessness of unmeaning- flat-
tery and sounding professions, and the true im-
portance of wise ana beneficent measures of Gov-
ernment. Those who complain that five years is
too short a term would do wisely to reflect that
years are rolling on, and at every annual revolution
the foreigner is becoming more thoroughly natu-
ralized in mind and heart, and more intimately in-
corporated with the body of our people. New
tics multiply around him, and his constant pro-
gress in knowledge and improvement fix him more
firmly to our soil, forming him a wiser and a bet-
ter citizen.
Conceiving, as I do, that the doctrine of the Na-
tive American party, which is imbodied in the
proposition to extend the 'term of residence of
aliens to twenty-one years before naturalization,
is not to be desired, it may be thought superfluous
to proceed further, and contend that it is unattain-
able. But I must say, that to my mind it seems
utterly impracticable. The principle is repug-
nant to the liberal spirit which pervades the great
body of the American people. In the Southern
States, where there aie no foreigners, compara-
tively speaking, the idea of a national party on
this question must be regarded as visionary and
absurd. In the Northern portions of the Union,
where foreigners abound, it is only in the larger
cities that the slightest success has attended the
experiment. In our agricultural districts the emi-
grant is welcomed; he shares the common bur-
dens, and they are appreciated as neighbors, citi-
zens, and friends. The masses of our people,
Americans by birth, are as little inclined to favor
their exclusion as the foreigners themselves,
A political party, based upon a single proposi-
tion so narrow in its import, must, in the nature of
things, be evanescent. Themagic, power of " one
idea" was delineated in glowing terms by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin.] All
will admit that one idea, containing the germ of
new and mighty principles, may, and sometimes
has, produced vast revolutions and wonderful re-
sults m science and philosophy, and in the moral
and political world. But a National Government
requires more than one idea. In the administration
of its affairs, a wide and varied range of duty is pre-
sented to the statesman. It must be his study to
consult and comprehend the condition of the coun-
try, its resources and diversities, the character of
the people, their sentiments, rights, and interests,
and, in the adoption of measures, to legislate with a
just perception of the world of realities around him,
yielding a wise regard to the complex concerns
and relations of human society. Political wisdom
is circumscribed by no visible circle : it is bound-
ed only by the past, the present, and the future,
the nations of the earth and their history falling
within its ken.
The single idea of Native Americanism concerns"
itself solely with the materiel of the constituent
body having no reference to the ulterior action
and duties of public agents, and leaving the Gov-
ernment to pursue its course without chart or com-
pass.
Mr. H. said he sincerely regretted the attempt
which had been made to give this discussion a
Eartisan character. As the spirit of Democracy
ad been invoked, eulogized, and personified by
so many gentlemen across the Hall, he was un-
willing to be suspected of any want of respect
towards this popular divinity. Democracy seems
to be regarded as one of the moral graces, whose
possession is to be inferred from ostentatious dis-
play and swelling professions of devotion." From
the vehemence with which gentlemen rushed for-
ward to the rescue, one would naturally-appre-
hend that the democratic principle in .danger,
and that the majority were about to be deprived
of the power to govern. But ^vhere'€he' invisible
foe lies concealed, or whence, the assault is to.
to disturb the slumbering lion. Sir, our fathers
