1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
some Senator would move to transfer the whole
"r matter from the legislative to the executive Journal
of tlie Senate. That was the appropriate place
for the- discussion, if there must be <}iscussion.
teutf he regretted' these attempts to disouss the ques-
;• lion, at this ci-isis, Before the country, especially
if one <jf the objects to be accomplished by the dis-
cussion on, this floor was to " prepare the hearts
of the people for war."
- . The resolutions, as he viewed them, were of
an advisory character; and as he thought the Ex-
ecutive entitled' to the initiative in matters of this
character, it did not appear to him that the Senate
ought to assume it. It was the duty of the Senate
to wait-for the issue of such negotiations as the
Executive, acting on his own responsibility, might
enter into; and when he presented a treaty for
their approval, it then became their duty to dis-
cuss the subject. Were they now to express an
opinion in favor of one series of these resolutions,
or the other, would they not stand committed, in
the face of the country, to the course indicated by
the particular resolutions which they had adopted ?
It must be clear to every one, that, whether they
decided in favor of the forty-ninth parallel, or for
the whole of Oregon, they-would have prejudged
the question, when the Executive should send
them a treaty, embracing the one principle or the
other, for their ratification. To act upon these
resolutions before the Executive has acted, and
lias submitted the result of his course for their
consideration, would be to assume the initiative,
which had not "been vested in them by the Con-
stitution.
Supposing that the resolutions of the Senator
from Indiana were voted down, and the amend-
ment adopted as a substitute by a majority, whioh
it was to bo presumed would not be very large,
what would be their position? A majority would
have said, or recommended, that the question
■ should be settled by the adoption of the parallel of
forty-nine. Suppose the President could obtain
better, or not so good terms. Suppose, in the ex-
ci rise of his discretion, mid uracil by a paramount
nense of duty, lie should determine to accept twen-
ty-eight decrees twenty minutes as the boundary,
taking the half of Oregon, and yielding half, should
we not be met from every quarter, and with truth,
with the cry that we had voted for a different
parallel? And should wo not have thus involved
the matter in difficulty and embarrassment by our
pievious decision? tie would be willing at any
time when it should be properly presented, to go
into the question; but he trusted that it would not
be forced upon the Senate. Let the subject ema-
nate from the President, upon whom has' been de-
volved the whole responsibility. Let us not seek
to take any portion of that responsibility from
him,'or to assume his office. He would vepra',
that, according to the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution, the initiative did not belong to the Senate.
It did not become them to give a premature opin-
ion which would have the effect of foreclosing the
subject,o Let it remain 111 the hands to which the
Constitution has committed it.
Mr, HANEGAN said that he entertained a pro-
found respect for the opinions of the Senator from
Delaware ; but it1 certainly seemed strange to him
that so learned and experienced a Senator should
say that the Senate had not a right, ill the existing
state of facts, to assume the initiative. It appear-
ed to him that the representatives of the sovereign
States of the Union had a right to take the imtia-
uve on,ally-question involving the territorial lights
of the United Sjtates. There was no power be-
hind which they were bound to conceal themselves
until the strings Were pulled, and permission was
gnen them to act.-
JJut the Senator says we are interfering with ne-
gotiations. What negotiations ? Has riot the Pres-
ldent told us, in his Message,that there is no pro-
position now pending; that the last proposition
from this Government had been cavalierly rejected,
and had been immediately withdrawn? Does he
not say that, for the present, at least, the negotia-
tion is at an end > Negotiations can only now be
renewed by the British Government; as he took it
for granted, from the high and manly stand he had
taken in his Message, that the President would not
renew them. He has now called on us to aid him
in the settlement of the question, and has pub-
lished to the world the entire diplomatic corres-
pondence upon the subject, thereby showing con-
clusively that the negotiations had terminated.
What could be thought of any Government which
would make public diplomatic correspondence be-
fore the negotiations to which it related had been
brought to a close?
As to the allegation, that he had cast a censure
on the President, he had but a single word to say.
Already he had disclaimed any such intention;
and, as was his uniform practice' in private trans-
actions, so should be his course in public life, if
one explanation was not sufficient, never to repeat
it. If his language was to be construed into cen-
sure, well, so let it be. How could it be an attack
upon the President, when it was sustained by his
very language. The President had said that our
right to the whole of Oregon was indisputable; and
what did the resolutions he had submitted express
beyond a reiteration of this opinion ? The title to
Oregon had been nobly sustained by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, and also by the pres-
ent Secretary of State. And, he would ask, in what
quarter of the Union would they find any assem-
blage of American citizens who would give their
sanction to the relinquishment of any portion of
it ? With the irrefragable testimony in favor of
our title which we possesss, there would be about
as much propriety in the surrender of Florida, or
of Maine, or of Massachusetts, or of any other
State in the Union. A great deal had been said
about the right of England; but he had yet to hear
the first substantial argument or proof to support
it. He had yet to learn that she had any right in
Oregon beyond the permissive right of a tenant.
She had no right to Oregon. No mail could pro-
duce any proof of such right. If any one could,
he would do more than Mr. Pakenham, who, m
his opinion, had signally failed in his efl'oit.
The Senator from South Carolina had dwelt on
his great fondness for Oregon, and had stated that
he was as true a friend to Oregon as any man in
the country. But lie was not the true mother, or
he would never be willing to cut the child in two,
and give away the better half. Look at the map
of Oregon; the whole of the best half lies above
the 49th parallel, and commands the whole of the
north Pacific, controls the whole of the coast, and
every haibor which was worth possessing. And
this the Senator from South Carolina would give
away.
The Senator had said that he had always been
the devoted friend of Oregon. He had congratu-
lated himself on this consistency of attachment:
and he (Mr. H.) regretted to see a large portion of
the press throughout the country had lauded the
Senator, in terms of high eulogy, and had iterated
and reiterated the beautiful expression of the dis-
tinguished Senator, imbodying the Fabian policy,
and used, he believed, by Lord Chatham to Prince
Eugene: "A wise and masterly inactivity." That
expression had ruined Oregon. Great, therefore,
was his iegret, to see it repeated and lauded through-
out the country, in connexion with this question.
He respected the talents, as well as the high
standing which the distinguished Senator occu-
pied among the members of the human family,
but he was compelled to say that he had little ad-
miration for the course which the Senator had
pursued on this question. Had the bill to estab-
lish a Territorial Government in Oregon passed into
a law, Oregon would have been ours. Twenty
thousand rifles would have been called into action,
would have taken and secured the possession of the
country. But there was refusal to act, a holding
back on tlie part of the Government, when we
might, without hazard, have established our right,
" YVise and masterly inactivity" was the prin-
ciple which had been fatal to our best interests.
Masses of citizens were waiting in his neighbor-
hood and in that of the honorable Senator near
him, [Mr. Atcihsou,] who were only waiting for
the Government to back them ; but they were
doomed to disappointment. He did not reprove
this course in any spirit of unkindness: what he
had stated was said more in sorrow than in anger,
for he deeply lamented the result.
A single word as to the precipitancy of which
the distinguished Senator had spoken. Perhaps it
would not be out of place to say that the precipi-
tancy of the honorable Senator's course in relation
to the annexation of Texas presented a remarkable
contrast to his "wise and masterly inactivity"
with reference to Oregon. He did not intend to
charge any improper motives in the distinguished
Senator; but it appeared strange to him that, when
a question of territorial acquisition arises in the
northwest, there should be found such a back-
wardness on the part of Southern gentlemen to give
their aid. Precipitancy in relation to Texas was
wise, in the view of the Senator from South Caro-
lina ; but it would not be wise in the case of Ore-
gon. In the first instance, the " golden opportu-
nity" was to be seized. Now, heaven knows,
time enough has been given to-maturing plans : it
is now time to act. The two countries are arrayed,
front to front; and, my life on it, if it were a ques-
tion between the United States and Mexico, on the
possession of Cuba or California, or if it were for
the acquisition of some territory farther still, (for
he had heard a whisper of Panama,) this would be
the golden moment.
Whenever his resolutions should come up for
consideration, he hoped they would not be rejected
by the Senate. He had merely unbodied in them
what the Executive had said m his Message, and
had said nothing more than was said by the friends
of Texas. It was now the time to go more fully
into the discussion.
Mr. CALHOUN explained, to show that he
was no greater friend to the acquisition of territory
in the South than in the North. Every Senator
was perfectly acquainted with his sentiments rela-
tive to Cuba. Whilst he was a member of Mr.
Monroe's Cabinet, he had always opposed any
effort to disturb the possession of Cuba by Spain ;
he had ever since been opposed to it, and he would
be the last mail to make such a movement, believ-
ing that in its present state, it is in the position
which is best for all parties. Whenever the pro-
per time came, and the subject was brought up for
discussion, he expected to be able to show,beyond
all doubt, that the same principle which govern-
ed him on the Texas question governed also his
course in reference to Oregon. Pie was as much
in favor of Oregon as the Senator from Indiana ;
and the only difference between them related to
the mode by which the same object might be ob-
tained.
He (Mr. C.) wished to make one or two remarks
on what had fallen from the Senator from Dela-
ware. He could assure that Senator that he was as
much averse to forcing the discussion as the Senator
himself could be. But he thought the Senator was
wrong in supposing this was an exercise of advisory
power, which should not be discussed openly. It
was a question as to boundary ; one on which we
should not leave a doubt on the public mind. On
this floor, and in the face of the world, we are
called on to pronounce our yea or nay, now that
the question has been started here, or there may
arise in the public mind a presumption that no
treaty will be ratified here which does not conform
to the particular views thrown out on one side of
the Senate. Tile propositions which he had sub-
mitted by way of amendment, were dearly not
advisory in their character; therefore, although
adverse to premature discussion, in order that no
doubt should be left on the mind of the Executive,
now or hereafter, as to his constitutional right
of negotiating for territory, he desned a decision
of the question. He thought this was still the
more necessary, because there was an evident ten-
dency in the country to the opinions expressed by
the Senator from Indiana, the effect of which might
be to involve us in great difficulty. The resolu-
tions which he had offered only assert that the
President, in offering to the British Government a
settlement on the basis of the 49th parallel, did not,
in any degree, compromise the honor, dignity, or
best interests of the country, and that it was a
proper exercise of the powers confided to him by
the Constitution. He hoped that a majority of the
Senate would acquiesce in the propriety of settling
this question by negotiation.
Mr. ALLEN disclaimed any intention to take
part in the debate; but lie did not agree with the
Senator from South Carolina, that the Senate ought
to keep back all the measures relating to business,
in order to enter into a mere discussion upon bui-
ren propositions. However willing he might be to
go into a discussion of the subject, he did not de-
sire to see any action introduced in this body
which would precede and delay the consideration
of the joint resolution to give the twelve months
notice. He did not want any discussion which
should precede the bill. He did not know wheth-
er these resolutions contained the true analysis of
the powers of the Constitution of this Government;
but ho rose merely to say that he would lend his
agency to no proposition bearing on this question,
