112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.« «# Dec: S0.
but such a,s provided for giving the notice to Great
Britain, ana to extend the "jurisdiction of this
country over Oregon* War had been spoken of.
If it was meant that there existed a party in the
country who desired war for the sake of war* it
described a party with which he (Mr. A.) had no
connexion. It was, therefore, with regret he
heard from the authoritative lips of the pre-emi-
nent Senator from South Carolina—for he would
not stop at the term eminent, in consideration of his
acknowledged standing in the counfry-vthatany
proposition introduced into that body might have
the effect to divide the body in such a way as to
make it appear that there were men there, or any
where in the country, who desired war for the
sake of war. But if those who wished for all Ore-
gon were to be considered lovers of war because
they cover with their affections the valor of theii
country—if that he a war party, the honorable
Senator would find many who belonged to it, for
it was a party that embraced nine-tenths of the
country. They would not be thwarted in the
prosecution of their lights by Great Britain. He
(Mr. A.) had heard this war-cry before; it was
loud and lone; enough so as to induce this Senate
to ratify a treaty which gave away part of then*
territory, though this Senate actually declared that
it belonged to. this country. But the cry of British
force was raised. Many of their citizens who had
property were honest and patriotic citizens; but
many throw their property in the scale of the
common enemy of then' country; and now they
dare not set up their rights. There wore men who
calculated, by dollars and cents, how much they
would lose in their mercantile pursuits; and it was
by the cry of "war'* from such men as these
that Great Britain had been able to encroach upon
them, and that made the sound uf her cannon
scatter the spray at Niagara. Insult had been of-
fered, ond yet Lord Ash burton had never compen-
sated them by an apology. He (Mr. A.) would
ask, were they to be bullied forever on this subject
by Great Britain? If they acted in a manner to
neglect the interests of the country, and not pro-
tect the national honor, he (Mr. "A.) would de-
nounce it as a war-party that sought to intimidate
tliem m the discharge of their duty. He rose in
reference to this war-cry. It was only the banks
that raised it—it was an artificial war-cry, that
emanated from the-Eastern Suites.
Mr. CALHOUN was resolved that his senti-
ments should not be distorted. He made no war-
cry. He said, if the question could not be settled
by treaty, it maybe settled by war. _ He would
ask, was there nothing m the resolutions of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Han\i:gan,] which,
if adopted, would deny the power to settle the
question by treaty? He denied the war-cry that
was thus raised. He (Mr. C.) had done his duty
manfully upon this and upon many other ques-
tions in which he had been concerned; and he
would do his duty in relation to the peace of the
country. He would meet the discussion in rela-
tion to the resolutions; and if they could not settle
the question by treaty, he (Mr. C.) was m favor
of giving the twelve months' notice to maintain
their rights; but if they did not settle the question
}>y treaty, he would £o for the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Au.fas] in relation to
the twelve months' notice; and if that did not do,
lie would go prepared to do his duty.
Mr. HAYWOOD did not mean to trespass on
the Senate, by entering upon the question that
came before them; but rose to ask if, from what
had occuncd, the discussion was not premature?
The cry of war was raised—not that any party
apprehended such a calamity; but the scene was
J<) be enacted before the world by the benateofthe ,
United States. He (Mi. H.) would have no part ,
in it. The President had informed the Senate in re- i
iation to the question now before them, and the cry j
of war uas immediately raised: but if honorable j
♦Senators called that war which holds that tins Sen- j
ate should not take the jurisdiction out of the hands <
of the President, he would say " sufficient for tae
day is the evil thereof." But until they got the
jurisdiction, he protested against the Senate taking
the jurisdiction out of the President's hands, and
undeitaking to manage their foreign relations.
They would, b'y such a couise, be pushing this
body before the President in disposing of the for-
eign afTbirs of the country. As a Democrat, he
protested against transferring the power of Ue
President to the Senate, He protested against it
on the part of his constituency in North Carolina.
These constant, perseveringeftbrts, to take from the
hands of the President what legitimately belonged
to him, as to their foreign affairs, would have a bad
eifect; and if he wished to call up rcminiscenccs
■which were familiar to them all, they would show
such an occurrence as would say to all, that what
was done ex necessitate already, had proved to them
that it would have no salutary effect. He objected
to going on with this discussion upon their foreign
relations. He'considered it not an advisable
course. In relation to what fell from the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Haknkoa^,] he
did not, by the introduction of his resolutions,
exactly imply censure upon the President; but
they go so far as to say: "You have made this
oiler once, take care how you do it Again."
Mr. HA INN EUAN. That is it/sir. " Take
care how you do it again."
Mr. IiAYWOOl)' Continued. That was the
very thing. Before he was asked whether he had
fold them so before in his message, and they had
hold any intercourse with him on the subject, this
course was to be pursued in the Senate; and this
was to come from a house composed of his friends,
and was to be called censure, and Senators who are
his friends were to be the ct-nsurers! He objected
to such a course as this, because it would produce
war—not war with Great Britain, for ho was not
afraid of that—but uur in that Hall, and thai sort
of war which he desired most to avoid. They
would then have war in that Hall, and war with
Great Britain. lie stood there to maintain the
dignity of their body—no sunshine friend of the
Administration, to break it down by such abstract
propositions as these. lie stood there as the friend
of his party- If> by their action, they were to
break up the Administration, they ought, at all
events, to gi\e the President two resources. They
were then m Congress already one mouih, and had
spent half m celebrating the holydays, and they
heard this clamor about who were to light hardest
on this question. Let them take the question away
fiom party, if they chose—take it away from the
President; if it was aqucstion involving the inter-
ests of the country, let them bring up Oregon forth-
with. and he would go for it every inch. He ad-
mitted that Senators had a right, to discuss the
question in proper season—when the rights of the
country were at stake. He (Mr. H.) would go
with those who went to maintain lliem. It was
their duty to support the President by a digniiied
course. They wore not there to pass laudatory
resolutions in favor of the President; but they were
bound to support him in his present course. Ho
(Mr. H.) was not to be misunderstood by the
Senator from South Carolina. If every Senator
was to be compelled to give explanations on that
floor for wluu passe.* in the freedom of debate, as
intention to give ollencc, there would be an end to
all freedom of debate. He did not say ihat the
Senator said the resolutions were condemnatory,
but he said they amounted to it. Mr. H., after
further expressing his disapprobation of the course
pursued in mtiodueing discussion, winch looked
like playing the game of brag, while the negotia-
tion was pending, a course which would throw
their entire proceedings before the British Minister,
concluded.
Mr. IIANNEGAN said that the Senator from
North Carolina, not only on this, but oxi other occa-
sions, had contended that the Piesident, \vith the
Senate alone, should regain to all questions of for-
eign territory and relations. Now, he leeogmsed
the House of Uepiesentatives, and believed it had
a little right to inquire what course the Piesident
was taking with r< gard to our foieign relations.
He referred to the Texas question: that originated
in the ilouse, and concerned a question of foreign
territory. And yet, in view of this fact, the Sen-
ator from North tVuoliiM voted for (he measure.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that the Senator
knew his eours" on that oeeasion; he did not vote
for the initiative, but for the close.
Mr. HANNKGAN was understood to say, that
if the Senator took the close, he might ha\e taken
the imti.iti\e with the same propriety. But the
Senator thought that wo should first a jk the Pres-
ident for information. There might be those who
went to the Piesident and asked whether they
should move; but he was# not one of that num-
ber.
Mr. HAYWOOD explained. The proposition
which he stated was this : when a negotiation was
pending, and there was a doubt whether it was-
tcrminated, the proper course was, to.ask-the Pres-
ident wither the negotiation had closdd, or was
proceeding*. - ^
Mr. HANNEGAN said thai the President had
given the information in his Message as plainly as -
A, B, 0. And where was the necessity of asking
him whether we should moire or not? He who
could not understand the .plain language,of the
President, that the negotiation was at"an end, must
have a singular obliquity of mental vision. 'He
(Mr. H.) had then only to pursue his own course.
If hereafter he should see ^proper to pursue any
particular course, he would move without asking
the President's permission. So far as, etiquette
was concerned, he cared nothihg; it was t)ie sub-
stance which he desired. But he would ask the
j particular friend of the President, as the Senator
1 appeared to be on this occasion, how would he
defend him if the negotiation was-still pending,
and the President had published his Message to
the world? Did he not call on Congress to act?
Did he not recommend notico-to he given to Great
Britain for the termination of the joint occupation.''
that we should occupy, to a ccrtain extent, the
territory, and erect stockades and forts? He said
that the negotiation was at an end; and yet wo
were to ask the President, was it time to act! Tim
Senator from North Carolina appealed to bin
! friends to stand by him in rejecting these resoln-
' Hons; but he (Mr, H.) called on him, as main-
taining the principles of the Baltimore Convention,
to stand by the proclamation of his party. In the
same resolution Texas and Oregon rose and met,
and should be maintained. "Were we divided there?
He asked the Senator not to adherd to men-, but to
adhere to the deeiara tions of party, made in solemn
convention. By this he was willing to live or die.
No compromise at forty-nine; the people in hfe-*
country would never consent to such a surrender.
He repeated, in the words of his resolutions, th<H
it would be dishonorable and cowardly-to sur-
render.
Mr. I-TAYWOQD remarked that the^Senator
had spoken of him as a peculiar friend of the Pres-
ident, and that he might learn and tell him. He
[Mr. Haywood] was not apt to take exception to
such remark*. He made but poor progress in
running. [Mr IIannbgak, sotto voce: You can
walk.] He had only seen the President once this
winter. lie was his peculiar friend, however, be-
cause it was peculiar for a politician in these days
to have an honest friend.
Mr. H ANN EG AN, Would to God He had an
honest friend who would talk honestly to him.
He (hen moved to lay The resolutions on the
table, to be taken up hereafter, when the subject
of notices and bills should be in order.
Mr. BENTON, I shall vote for the motion,
without the qualification.
The question on the motion of Mr. ITannegan
was then put, and decided in the aflirmnihe.
Mr. HAYWOOD submitted the following reso-
I lution, which lies over under the rule:
i Jlesolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
I quire into the expediency of establishing the ware-
house system for the storage of imported goods,
in connexion with the revenue system of the Uni-
ted States; and that said committee shall have
power to report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That so much of the ieport of the Sec-
retary of the Navy of the United States as refers
to the commerce of the United States, be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
| M r. REV ERDY JOHNSON submitted the fot-
i lowing resolution, which lies over under the rule:
! Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af~
1 fairs be instructed to inquire whether, with a view
I to the (kScnce of the country, it is expedient, by
: subscription to its stock or otherwise, and upon
I such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon
j by the XJmied States and the Baltimore and Ohio
i Railroad Company, to assist in the completion
! of the road of the said company from its present
| western terminus to some suitable point on the
j Ohio river. -
! On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
, Senate proceeded to the consideration of the bill to
1 continue the office of Commissioner of Pensions,
j The bill was then considered, as in committee
i of the whole, and being reported without amend-
j ment, was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
' in*
