110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
him the regis of social protection. And it was
this which led foreigners to leave a land where,
though it might be the land of their birth, they
failed to enjoy these blessings. This made them
willing to exchange native home, and all its sweet
delights, to seek a foreign strand; and it was this
which was continually inducing our citizens to seek
the wilderness and erect new States there. The
gentleman's argument, then, being founded in a
total misapprehension, was equally false in its
application and its inferences. Secondly: The ar-
gument was answered by the fact, that there was
a limit proposed—say twenty-one years—at which,
even in the conception of Native Americans, natu-
ralization was proper and attainable. But if the
argument was ever true it was always true, and
prevailed against the foreigner as forcibly at the
expiration of twenty-one years as it did at the ex-
piration of five years. After he had resided among
na twenty-one years he did not cease to be a for-
eigner, nor did he lose the dreams of childhood
nor the recollections of early home. On the con-
trary, in the decline of life, as he became more and
more reconciled, and more cut oif from all active
pursuits, his memory returned even more fondly to
the place of his birth, and the scenes of his infancy
had a more seductive power. The gentleman s |
argument was suicidal: because the principle for
which he contended applied as much at the end of
twenty-one years as at the end of five years.
In making the motion which he proposed to
make before he resumed his scat, lie wished it to
be understood that it proceeded from no disrespect
for the source from which these resolutions pro-
ceeded. He was an admirer of much in the his-
tory of Massachusetts, however he might be op-
posed to what had been her dominant principles.
There was much of poetic feeling which associa-
ted itself with the adventures and the character of
the early Pilgrims. The Mayflower was in this
respect a sort of fairy ship, and those who came,
in her had all the charm which was thrown around
the creations of poetry or the heroes of romance.
Who could ever remember the early scenes of our
struggle for freedom—who could think of Bunker
Hill, or contemplate the scenery about Boston, and
not be sensible of emotions of a welcome pleasure?
There were many points there on which memory
delighted to rest, and that lofty shaft which pierced
the skies in the vicinity of Charlcstown, marking ■
the first blood consecrated to the cause of Ameri- ;!
can liberty, did honor to the people among whom j
it stood. Yet it was not these recollections which :
induced Mr. S. to do Massachusetts justice. No; ^
it was because she was one of the sovereign Suites ;
of this Union, and as such entitled to be heard, \
that he was willing to hear her. lie had heard 1
her voice respectfully, but it did not address this ,
House; it asked nothing of Congress; it spoke to
her servants touching their action in regaid to a ,
certain subject. }
Mr. WINTHROP here rose to explain, and, j
the floor being yielded to him for that purpose, ho j
proceeded to say, that the form of these Massachu- i
setts resolutions, which the gentleman from South j
Carolina appeared to regard as fatal to the motion j
for their reference, was only the same form which
was employed in every resolution sent here from
the Legislature of that Suite. They all came m
this same form of instructions; yet they had all
been presented here by the Representatives of the
State, and had been considered and acted on by the j
House. The gentleman seemed to think, from the '
wording of the resolutions, that they were not in- j
tended to be presented here. This arose from his j
not knowing that they had certain formulas in j
that State, established by long usage, for the ini- ]
bodying of these State resolutions. The Massa- j
chusetts Legislature passed a great many of them
—some of them wise, and others, in hisapprehen- j
sion, not so wise; but they were all in one and the  
same form of instruction to her Senators and Rep- i
resentatives. They never were addressed directly i
to Congress, but were nevertheless always present-
ed here and referred.
Mr. SIMS resumed. The gentleman seemed
to have misapprehended him. He had not meant
to complain that he had brought these resolutions
into the House; it was proper for him to do so,
and^having done so, it was proper that the House j
should hear them; but beyond that the House had j
nothing to act upon. Still, as that was the cus-,
tomary form of proceeding, ho was willing that !
the resolutions should be read; but, after that, he I
conceivcd that there was no disrespect in laying
them on the table. They asked for no specific
action on the part of the House; they called for
action on the part of her Representatives; and, if
in obedience to the request of his State, the hon-
orable gentleman had any plan to submit in rela-
tion to these naturalization laws, let it be respect-
fully received and impartially considered; but he
must think that, after so long a discussion,,and es-
pecially as the House possessed no constitutional
power to touch the right of suffrage or reach the
ballot-box in any way, it was time to bring this
debate to a conclusion; and he would, therefore,
move that the resolutions, with the motion for
reference, be laid upon the table.
On this motion Mr. WINTHROP demanded
the yeas and nays, which were ordered; where-
upon Mr. SIMS, on request, consented to with-
diaw the motion.
Mr. DIXON, of Connecticut, then addressed
the House, and observed that if this debate had
been confined to the question appropriately before
the House, he should have made no objection to
the resolutions going to any committee which
might be desired by their friends. But since the
discussion had taken so wide a range, and the final
vote upon it was likely to be undeistood as a test
of political opinion, #tr. D. could not consent to
record his own vote as in favor of that new doc-
trine of which he had heard more during this de-
bate than ever in his life before. The true ques-
tion to be decided was, not the question of refer-
ence, but whether that House would authorize the
conclusion that its members were in favor of the
Native American doctrines; and to that question
he should speak.
What was tins question of Native Americanism?
If lie rightly understood n, (though the Massa-
chusetts resolutions did not go the whole length,)
its real foundation rested on two ideas, viz : first,
that our naturalization laws should extend the
period of probation for the foreigner to twenty-
one years; mid, secondly, that all foreigners ought
to be ineligible to any olfice held under this Gov-
ernment. To both these positions Mr. D. was
decidedly opposed. He was not for extending the
period o'f probation, and still less was he in favor
of the narrow bigotry of denying to any foreigner
the right to hold office. Various icasons had been
given in defencc, especially of the latter position.
If the people choose to select for an office in their
gift one not born in the land, ought it not to be in
their power? Was it for Congress to restrict them?
Ought they not to be judges for themselves in such
a matter? The evil, if any existed, was of another
character and from another source; it lay not in
the present law, but in the frauds perpetrated upon
the law. Nor was it in the wisdom of this or of
any other legislative body to pass any act which
should be wholly exempt from fraud. And, as to
the extension of the term of probation being a
remedy for fraud, it worked just the other way.
The more the term was extended the more motive
was there for fraud, and the more frauds would be
committed.
But Mr. D. proposed to take a different view of
this subject. It had been said by a gentleman over
the way [Mr. Bowi.in] that this Native American
party was not, as it professed to be, a third party,
but was in reality only one wing of the great
Whig party. Mr. D. wished to submit a few con-
siderations on that question.
And, first, what had been the origin of this
party5 Where had it originated,and when2 He
utterly denied that its origin was among the Whi«s.
On the contrary, they had had nothing to do with
it. The first time that it had ever been heard of
was in the city of X^hiladelphia.
Mr. J- R. 1NGERSOLL here begged leave to
explain; and Mr. D. having yielded the iloor, he
proceeded to ask that the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, when speaking of Philadelphia, would make
the necessary distinction. The city of Philadel-
phia proper hardly knew, as such, of the existence
, of this party. Two distinguished gentlemen of
; the Native American creed in this House repre-
sented Democratic districts, lying without the city
altogether, with the exception, in one instance, of
two wards, which had been included in the city
bounds to meet the last apportionment of repre-
sentation in Congress.
Mr. DTXON, resuming, said that he well knew
Philadelphia to be too good a Whig city to be
tainted to any extent with this heivsy.
[The voice of Mr. C. J. Ingersoll was here
distinctly heard, saying " That wiil not do either;
there is a pretty strong taint of it throughout the
Mr? DIXON was fully aware of the political and
mora! difference between the city proper and the
districts referred to; but, be that it is might, this
American party had originated in that portion of
Pennsylvania which was in the immediate vicinity
of Philadelphia proper, and, in common parlance,
was included within the general name. And he'
had a few facts to state on this subject, in which,
if he was mistaken, he trusted he should be cor-
rected. It happened that in one of these districts
adjoining Philadelphia a certain gentleman had,
six years ago, been nominated to an office—he was
an Irishman, by the name of Clark. This nomi-
nation encountered great dissatisfaction among the
Democratic party; and, in consequence of it, the
party, at the ensuing election, to use a technical
phrase, " spotted" that gentleman on their ticket,
in consequence of which he was not elected, and
the ostensible reason was that he was an Irishman
—he had not been born on the right side of the
water. The election passed over and all was quiet,
and the event, by many, was forgotten, but not by
the Irishmen in that district. They remembered
tlie wrong they had endured, and, at an election
which took place three years after that, when a
Democratic nomination was made, they went over
in a body and voted the other ticket, in consequence
of which the whole Whig ticket was elected by a
majority of upwards of a thousand votes. It had
then been discovered by our good Democratic
friends that these Irish were not to be depended
upon; they could not be safely used; they,had had
the audacity to think for themselves and to vote
the Whig ticket; and then and there it was that
Native Americanism had its birth. Then it waa
that meetings in favor of this new party began to
be held, and were attended by many Democrats,
as they were by many Whigs also. These meet-
ings were the true origin of the excitement which
prevailed among the Irishmen in Kensington, and
it was there that these riot® commenced.
To prove conclusively that the whole of these
lamentable scenes had had their true origin from
this difference in the Democratic party, he would
state one fact. The Native American mob, after
effecting the deeds which they were said to have
done in that district, (and who were really guilty
he would not undertake to decide,) went straight
from the murders and violence they had perpetra-
ted, near the churches, and their very first act was
to sack the house of this Mr. Clark, the man
whose influence had defeated the Democratic party
there three years after they had " spotted" him.
He might cite individuals by name in that city
in confirmation of the position he had taken; but
he should forbear from doing so unless it was ren-
dered necessary. He would, however, state one
fact which spoke for itself: the only two clergy-
men in the city of Philadelphia who were even
found so far to disgrace the cloth they wore as to
attend these Native American meetings, held for
the purpose of exciting the most malignant pas-
sions of the human breast, were themselves most
acthe members of the Democratic party, and were
known to exert a strong influence over it. He
stated this as a fact, and if it was not so he should
lie happy to be corrected. ' He would ask, where
and in what portion of Philadelphia these riots had
occurred, and this Native party was strongest?
The city proper had seen none of these riots ; none
of this chtirch-burning; none of this triumph over
the ashes of the dwellings of foreigners, or over
the spoils of office-
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL here inter-
posed, aiid-saiii, that in the very heart of the city a
church was burnt and the Mayor was present.
Mr. DIXON resumed. Yes—but the mob which
burnt it had come from other quarters.
And now, how did the party originate in New
Yovk ? Was there any call for the formation of
such a party there? Was not the Democratic
party strong enough in New York? In 1843 the
Democratic candidate for Mayor was,elected by
the astounding majority of five or six.thousand—
astounding to him as well as to everybody else.
At that time it might certainly be called a Demo-
cratic city.
Mr. D. here went into the statistics of the New
York election in 1844; and while he admitted that
fourteen thousand Whigs,despairingof the election
