? 1845,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
of their own candidate, had gone over and voted
for the candidate crfHhe Native Americans, not less
than ten thousand good Democrats must have done
the same thing, or Mayor Harper never could have
been elected. The origin of the party in New
Yorlc had_ been exactly, similar to its origin in
Philadelphia^ After the success of the Democrats
in 1843, and the election of Morris as mayor, a
number of the small city offices were given to
Irishmen, and immediately a certain portion of the
Democracy _ began to denounce all foreigners.
This defection had its origin in Tammany Hall,
and among the leaders of the Democratic party;
and this none will undertake to deny.
What had been its origin its Boston? Boston
was a Whig city., as everybody knew. It was as
undoubtedly Whig as New York was Democratic;
and what had been the fete of Native American-
ism there? The new party run a ticket of their
own, but, after five desperate charges, the Whigs
■remained true, and refused to vote the Native
American ticket, and they lost their election; for
behold! the whole Democracy of Boston, in one
body, cast their vote for the Native American can-
didate ! So much for Nativism at the ballot-box.
And now as to the effect which th is party had
had had upon the country. It had of late become
very fashionable for the Democracy, especially in
certain districts of the country, to execrate "this
third party, just as they had, in other parts, exo-
nerated tJie A bolitionists as a fourth party. But to
him it appeared, from all he had been able to ob-
serve, that this third or American party had been
of no practical use to anybody but the Democratic
party. In fact, he did not believe that the exist-
ence of any third party could result in any benefit
to the country. If any real good was ever (lone
in the United States through any political organi-
zation, it must proceed from one or other of the
two great political parties which divided the coun-
try. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass,]
had spoken of one of them as " the late Whig
party." Mr. D. fancied that the gentleman would
■discover before long that the Whig party was still
in existence. Mr. D., being a Whig, expected of
course that the public benefit was to be effected by
the measures of his own party, while other gentle-
men as naturally expected the same thing from
theirs. He thought it not improbable that the two
parties would take their turns in governing the
country, and for one, he believed that the turn of
the Whigs would very shortly come. [A laugh.]
But to resume the history of Native Americanism.
How had this new party been received elsewhere?
Ohio was a Whig State, and, if this was a' branch
of the Whig party, it should,-of course, be much
approved there; but what was the fact? Her Le-
gislature had adopted the most decided resolutions
against the Natives and their designs. Did this
fact jook aa if they constituted only the right wing
of the Whig party r Where had they received any
favors from the Whigs? Mr. D. did not know, and
he would ask any gentleman to inform him.
[Some explanations here passed between Mr.
Thomas and Mr. McDowell, both of Ohio, in
regard to the resolutions referred to, and some
doubt was expressed whether they had been adopt-
ed or not, but another Ohio member testified that
they had been.]
After the election in 1844, the Native party had
enjoyed great prosperity in New York—far greater
than ever before, and so great, in fact, as to strike
terror into both parties. The whole city in a mass
seemed to go for them. Mr. D. found it stated in
a very able paper published there in behalf of the
Democratic party, that when a vast procession of
these Natives came before Tammany Hall, (that
Mecca of American liberty, to which she fled from
persecution elsewhere,) it halted, and then made the
welkin ring with a deafening shout for " Wright,
Gardiner, Polk, Dallas, and Victory!" So much
fbr Democratic opposition to Nativism. Mr. D.
here also referred to a quotation from the same pa-
per, in which the Native party had implored the
Whigs not to vote for any man who held language
in favor of the Germans, the French, and, above
all, the natives of the Emerald Isle. Mr. D. read
the very language referred to.
It was known to gentlemen that the Democratic
party professed and attempted to jirove to our for-
eign voters, and especially to the Catholics, that
they were special friends to them and to their reli-
gion, and preached to them loudly in favor of the
rights of conscience. Now, would it not be be-.
lieved that if there was a State in this Union which
was blessed beyond all others by the beatific vision
of the thrice holy light of Democracy in its purity,
it was the State of New Hampshire ?'(and he spoke
of her with all respect.) It was her boast to be
the purest of the pure, and identified' beyond all
others with modern Democracy. Now, Mr. D.
held in his hand the constitution of this thrice De-
mocratic State, and he invited the attention of his
Democratic friends, and all good Irish Democrats,
especially such of them as were Catholics, to the
specimens he was about to read to them of Demo-
cratic liberality, from which thoy might better un-
derstand what modern Democracy really was. [Mr.
D. then quoted those clauses of the constitution
which provided for the support of Protestant minis-
ters, and which required that every member of the
House of Representatives in that State should own
property to the value of =>£'100, should be of the Pro-
testant Religion, and should cease to represent
his district ifhe ceased to profess that religion. He
quoted a similar provision as to the Senators of
New Hampshire, who were prohibited from con-
tinuing to be Senators if they ceased to be Pro-
testants;] Now, suppose that an honest,, liber-
ty-loving Irishman, should come over to this land
of freedom, and, hearing that we had political par-
ties here, should inquire which of the parties was
most lYiendly to him and his countrymen, he
would, of course, be told that it was the Demo-
cratic party; and if, being very zealous, he should
further inquire which of the States was the most
Democratic, he would, of couise, be told that it
was New Hampshire. His reply would probably
be, " Then, by the powers, I 'II go straight to New
Hampshire." Well, he goes to New Hampshire,
and, by the help of the blessed Whig tariff upon
his honest industry, he is able to overcome the
first obstacle in his way to the Legislature, and
acquires a property of ^100. He i^ets a nomina-
tion, and, if not" spotted "by the party as an Irish-
man, is electod and attempts to take his seat. But
he is told by the presiding officer that there may
be still one objection in his way. " Are you a
Protestant?" " Protestant! not I"." "Well, you
must either become a Protestant or give up your
seat. We have no legislators in New Hampshire
but Protestants."
Now, what would such a poor Irishman do?
Why, like a true-hearted Irish Catholic, he would
rather give up his office than his leligion, and
would probably leave New Hampshire in disgust,
thinking of that thrice democratic State as" Dr.
Johnson did of Scotland, that " it was an excel-
lent place to go from." An illustrious gentleman
from Massachusetts, near him, [Mr. Adams,] had
once exclaimed in this Hall, "God blejs New
Hampshire!" and surely every Whig must be
ready to repeat the prayer, " God bless New
Hampshire!" Bound, as she had been, in party
trammels—steeped to the very lips in democracy
thrice distilled, she was fast bursting her chains
and emerging into day; and her Whig sisters
were prepared to hail her as almost regenerated.
Thus it appeared that the Native Americans gave
at least very equivocal evidence of being one of
the wings of the Whig party. No, the Whig party
were no church-burners nor "barn-burners," (a
name which a certain portion of the Democratic
party had delighted in taking to themselves.) That
stigma, at least, did not belong to the Whigs.
And now, what was the real evil in the matter of
naturalization? It was, that a certain party had
attempted to deceive and delude immigrating for-
eigners the moment they set their feet upon our
shores, and to persuade them that the Democratic
party were their only true friends. This delusion
must be overcome; and Mr. D. knew no better
mode of accomplishing it than that alluded to by
an honorable member from Michigan, who hail
said, in a certain memorable speech of his, that
education made war against democracy. True,
the gentleman had since explained his language,
and Mr. D. was willing to allow him the full bene-
fit of his explanations; but truth sat on the lips
of some men, and sprang off ere they were aware;
and certainly there was a vast deal of truth in
what the gentleman had at first said. It could not
be denied there was a certain sort of democracy
which education did always destroy, and that was,
the covering over a foul design by a fair pretext.
For example, when the annexation of Texas was
advocated by gentlemen from the South, they stated
openly, honestly, and honorably, what was the
ground on which they advocated it, and what was
the consequence which they expected from it m
extending and securing their domestic institution;
but when that same measure came before the pet -
pie of the North,, how did its Democratic friends
advocate it there? Did they come out like men, as
the Southerners had done? No; they advocated
the measure on the base, the false, the hypocritical
pretext, that it was to abolish slavery. This was
one of those falsehoods which education would
teach an honorable man to cast beneath his feet.
So, when one of our foreign friends left a country
where wages were so low as scarcely to furnish him
with food from day to day, and came to cast in his
lot with us, he only wanted the light of education
to convince him that wages like those should not
be allowed here, and that the labor which was
satisfied with such wages ought not to be suffered
to compete with the labor of American freemen.
Mr. D. said that he was prepared to go as far
| as any gentleman in protecting the purity of the
bnllot-hox, and his State had acted on that very
matter in convention. They had resolved that
there was no need of taking a course on that mat-
ter which should build up this new American
party. They had done all in their power to pre-
serve our elections pure; and in their efforts to
accomplish that object, they had encountered at
every step the bitterest opposition from the Dem-
ocratic party. But they had recently passed a law
which rendered it morally impossible for any one
to vote who had no right to the fVanchise, or for
any one who had to be deprived of its exercise.
Very seldom had such a connexion been witnessed
between another certain party and the purity of
the ballot-box. The people of Connecticut saw
no need for any war against our adopted citizens.
In his own district there was a large number of
these persons, and they were as well-informed as
any Native American. He wished the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Chipman] could only witness
the zeal with which they made war on his sort of
democracy. [A laugh.] A better army of Whig
soldiers he had never seen anywhere, and he did
not wish to see them degraded by being shut out
from any office in the people's gift. They under-
stood the nature and bearing of our institutions as
well as anybody, and were as capable of dischar-
ging official duty as any other citizens.
A gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowi.in] had
told the House that he was opposed to all the re-
forms which were now rife in the country, not
excepting the temperance reform. Now, he could
tell the gentleman that in that opinion he would
not be supported by the natives of the Emerald
Isle. The temperance reform had covered Ireland
with glory, and had so raised the moral tone of her
inhabitants that they were now enabled to meet
in the most gigantic masses, and yet in the most
peaceable and orderly manner, to get a repeal of
their connexion with the British Parliament. Some
years ago this would have been impossible, and
this was one of the great benefits tlmt they were
deriving from education. They were joining us
in vast numbers, and were setting us an admirable
example.
But, were every reason which had been ad-
vanced in favor of altering our naturalization laws
with a view to keep out foreigners in itself sound
and valid, this would not be the time for such an
operation. It was currently whispered, and by
some was believed, that we were on the eve of a
war with the most powerful nation on the globe.
Mr. D., for one, had no such belief; he felt too
much confidence in the existing Administration to
entertain such an idea. He believed they pos-
sessed too much wisdom and too much diplomatic
skill not to be able to settle the pending questions
both honorably and peaceably. He believed they
could be readily settled but for the officious inter-
meddling of certain interested persons, who wished
to make a catspaw of the Executive. But, be this
as it might, was this a proper time to excite ani-
mosities between our citizens' Surelynot. If'we
should bo compelled to engage in such a war, he
felt thoroughly assured that we should receive the
cordial assistance of the foreign population. In
our revolutionary struggle we had been greatly in-
debted to foreign arms, and, if the hour of need
came, should be again. All petty distinctions of
birth or origin would instantly be forgotten, and
native and foreigner would stand side°by side to
defend their common country, and withstand and
drive back the common foe.
