118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
.Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said he did
not rise to discuss tbe objection which had twice
been drawn into debate here—once by a gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,} and now by
the gentleman from Illinois near him, [Mr. Doug-
lass,]—as to the propriety of the proposed refer-
ence of the Massachusetts resolutions, founded
on a question of a constitutional character. He
would merely observe on that, that while the Con-
stitution said that Congress might establish uni-
form laws of naturalization, and might alter any
law that d State might make as to the time, place,
and manner of electing Representatives and Sena-
tors, an American would but vindicate the Con-
stitution bv asserting for it some control over the
questions involved in the Massachusetts resolu-
tions. Mr. I. had been taught from high author-
ity that, strictly speaking, there was no such
thing as the citizen of a State; that a citizen of
Pennsylvania was only a citizen of the United
States resident 111 Pennsylvania. Tlus was the
doctrine he had learned from the lips of Judge
"Washington, and with this single remark he
should leave that question entirely.
Mr. I. said, after what had passed in the present
debate, it would be wrong for him to remain silent
in relation to some of the facts connected with iJus
Native Americanism, but that it was proper for
him fairly to state them to the House. And he
could assure gentleman, in till candor, that they
were altogether wrong m their efforts to identify
the Whig party with that of the Native Americans.
"Were the Whig party so far to i'orget then* own
conservative character as even to desire identifi-
cation, he believed that such was the exclusive
character of Nati\ e Americanism that that party
would renounce and abjure the contamination.
There was none who could be so ignorant as not
to know that that party intended to be exclusive.
In that question which had arisen at the com-
mencement of this session—a question m deciding
which not personal but party considerations would
naturally actuate the House : he meant the ques-
tion who should be Speaker of the House—when
the two great parties had cast their votes in a man-
ner meant to manifest their attachment to their re-
spective candidates, one going for his honoiable
friend from Ohio, and the other for the gentleman
who now so ably and acceptably occupied the
Chair—the House had witnessed the course taken
by the formidable arithmetic of half a dozen voices
which had been heard voting for neither of the
candidates, but, for the most part, proposing each
other.
If he might, without offence, suggest such an
idea, he would call the notice of the House to the
manner in which these members of the Native
American party had taken their places by the side
of each other, so far as they could do it without
leaving too many empty benches. [A laugh.j For
example : he found himself near one of these gen-
tlemen, a colleague of his from a distant part of
the State, and equally distant fiom him in political
sentiment; while immediately behind him and al-
most touching his back sat another gentleman, from
the State of Virginia, who was also one of the
Alphas; so that m fact Mr. I. had little else to do
(as the gentleman always voted before he did) than
to listen to his votes in order not to conform to him.
[A laugh.]
"Thus turtle doves of various hues unite,
"And glossy jet is paired with shining white "
The Whig party meanwhile stood like some
Grecian temple in its grandeur, great and solid,
but solitary. In fact the country seemed to be
divided, much as travellers in South America de-
scribed the gigantic Andes to be. When we look-
ed towards the base we beheld a vast wilderness
of perpetual verdure, amidst which trees of lofty
magnificence and eminent for their seniority, like
some great man, in whom age had not withered
the verdure'of youth, nor time weakened or im-
paired the intellectual strength._ These trees all
stood in their greenness, arrayed in the fullest and
the richest foliage, with fruit ripe and ready to
drop to the ground. This belt of country might
be compared to the Whig party in its grandeur,
but not its efficiency.
Higher up the Andes stood trees yet more mag-
nificent, robed in verdure still more luxuriant, and
overshadowing all below, while above the habita-
tion, and almost above the reach of human kind,
was found that mighty bird, the condor, the great-
est of winged creatures, poised in mid air, and
gazing perpetually on that cold planet which was
said to have either no atmosphere at all, or none
m common with the rest of the heavenly bodies*
napping his solitary and ponderous wings. There
was obviously no identification here.
But he would go a step further. This Native
American parly could be demonstrated to have
sprung from the Democratic party as its true
source. An attempt had been made to ingulf
them all in Philadelphia in one common inculpa-
tion; but how in fact did the matter stand? Two
of these Native gentlemen represented districts
which had never, unless by some accident, heard
the name of Whig; and the gentleman of that
party who happened to be a Whig, was here sim-
ply becausc the Democrats, counting too confi-
dently on their strength, hud run two candidates
in opposition to him; while the third district, rep-
resented by one of these gentlemen, had'ever here-
tofore been represented by a stout and stern Demo-
crat, while the distiict which Mr. t. himsclflhad the
honor to represent had uniformly sent into his
House a Whig.
Mr. J. would here state another fact. When he
was going home after the long session oijthc twen-
ty-eighth Congress, on looking round him lie saw
a ceitain hotel near one of the polls, which had
formerly borne on its fiont in staring capitals,
written on two distinct stories of the house, the
words " Democratic Headquarters;" but now he
saw added to that inscription these other words,
'•and .Native Amcrictin;" so that the entire in-
scription along the entire three stories of the house
read as follows: "Democratic and Jutlive Jlmerican
Headquarters."
Ho w it happened he did not know; whether these
two loving parties had quarrelled like husband and
wife, and separated from bed and boaid, and, per-
haps, from the bonds of matrimony, but so it was,
that the words "and Native American" were
stricken out, so that the House became again the
''Democratic Headquarters." Place this party
as they would, whether it had sprung in solitary
grandeur, like Minma from the head of Jove, or
like the men of Cadmus who sprung from dragon
teeth, or whether H sprang out of that fiery gulf
which swallowed up Datlnuiand Abu-am for offer-
ing fakic incense at the altar, still it stood solitary
and alone, and had no connexion whatever with
the Whig party.
Mr. JJRODflEAD here interposed, nnd said he
would like the gentleman to explain how it had
happened that, in a certain gubernatorial election in
Pennsylvania, the Native Americans and Whigs
had united together, and had thereby carried the
city for a Whig Governor by a majoity of six
thousand votes i
Mr. EESTGERSOLL said he did not really know
how the Native Americans happened to throw
away their votes on Governor Marklo in October ;
but, however it happened, they had very soon re-
pented of their sins; for, on the 1st of November,
they rcturncd^to their true allegiance, and in that
election the Whigs could count no such votes.
There was another point on which Mr. X. wish-
ed to add a word. Jt had been claimed for the
Native Americans that they had the exclusive
merit of quieting certain outbreaks in the neigh-
borhood of the city of Philadelphia. Now, with-
out disturbing anything winch had been said by
his colleague, he would proceed to state what was
eternal truth, and that alone. Mr. I. here went
into a very ftill and graphic description of the last
of the riots in Philadelphia, and stated the part
which had been acted by the military on that oc-
casion, for whom he insisted on the full meed of
merit to which they were entitled for their good
conduct, gallantry, and efficiency on that occa-
sion.
i In conclusion, ho observed that he made no
charges against the Native American party as
such. If they could gather a little strength out of
the present movement,let them go on and prosper.
Meanwhile he trusted that the two great and lead-
ing parties of the country would strive only in an
honorable and glorious emulation, devoid of all
personal and selfish motives, to promote only the
good of their country and the well-being of man-
kind.
Mr. HAMLIN, after remonstrating against the
consumption of time, and expressing his personal
preference that the resolutions should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary, moved the previous
question, which was seconded.
And: the main question was ordered and put, that
the resolutions be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
And it passed in the affirmative*
So the resolutions of the' General Assembly of
the State- of Massachusetts for such amendment*
to the naturalization laws as will protect the ballot-
box and the elective franchise from frauds, and
abuses, were referred to the standing Committee on
the Judiciary.
ACCOUNTABItlTV OF OFFICERS, &C.
Mr. GARRETT DAY1S here asked and ob-
tained leave to move a series of resolutionsy which
he sent to the Clerk's table,- where they were read,
as follows:
1. Resolved, That the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be instructed to inquire- whether any addi-
tional legislation be necessary to secure the proper
accountability of the officers or persons of either
House of Congress having the custody or the dis-
bursement of the public money.
2. Resolved, That the said committee also in-
quire into and report the facts connected with the
defalcation pf Caleb J. McNulty, a Clerk of the
House of Representatives of the 28th Congress.
3. Resolved, That said committee further inquire
whether the bond executed by the said Caleb J.
McNulty and his securities has or has not been
discharged; and, if it be discharged, whether the
same was not effected by the appropriation of mo-
ney belonging to the United States.
4. Resolved, That said committee also inquire
whether the mode of summoning and empannell-
ing juries in the courts of the United States needs
any alteration and reform; and said committee is
empowered to send for persons and papers.
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs, the pur-
port of which was to discharge that committee
from a reference made to it, and to refer the same
to some other committee.'
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested a suspension of
the rules to receive reports from committees gen-
erally. -
The SPEAKER stated that to-morrow the first
thing in the order of business would be toeall the
committees for reports.
Mr. HARALSON then waived his request.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz:
I. The following letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury:
Treasury Department,
December 29, 1845.
Sir: In reply to the call of the House of Rep-
resentatives, contained in its resolution adopted o 
the 19th instant, in these terms: "Resolved, That
' the Secretary of the Treasury be requested to
' communicate to this House the amount due the
'State of Arkansas of the two per cent, fund, if
' any, and his reasons for withholding the samej
' and whether said fund has b een withheld from
'any other State entitled to said.fund;" I have
the honor to state, that the accounts with the State
of Arkansas for the five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands within its limits,
to which that State is entitled under the act of
June 23, 1836, which is presumed to be the fund
intended by the resolution, Have been settled by the
accounting officers to the 31st December, 1844.
By the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office this is the latest period practicable at
this time.
Of the balances stated in fe vor of Arkansas on
such settlement, the sum of $7,617 was carried into
the Treasury on the 2d May, 1845, and the fur-
ther sum of $1,788 76 was carried into the Treas-
ury on the 23d August, 1845, in part payment of
the interest due on $538,000 of the bonds Of the
State of Arkansas, bearing interest at the late of
six per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually,
held by the United States in trust on account of
the Smithsonian bequest; which interest on said
bonds was outstanding and payable at the time
I when said sums were so carried into the Treasury,
to an amount exceeding f100,000. The amounts-
of said five per cent, fund stated in favor of Ar-
kansas being balanced on the books of this de-
! partment by the payments of the respective sums.
