1845.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
in part of the interest due from the State as afore-
said, there is now, so far as the accounts of said
fund have been adjusted, nothing due the State of
Arkansas on that account.
The authority for applying these payments of
the five per cent, fund in the matter stated is con-
tained in the joint resolution of the 3d March, 1845,
■ which provides " that whenever any State shall
* have been or may be in default for the payment
* of interest or principal on investments in its stocks
* „ s by the United States in trust, it
' shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasu-
'ry to retain the whole, or so much thereof as may
' be necessary, of the per centage to which such
' State may be entitled of the proceeds of the sales
' of the public lands within its limits, and apply
' the same to the payment of said interest or prtti-
* cipal, or to the reimbursement of any sums of
' money expended by the United States for that
' purpose.
In further compliance with the call, I have the
honor to state, that various amounts of the per
centage on the proceeds of the sales of the public
tends within the States of Illinois, Indiana, and
Michigan, as adjusted in favor of those States
respectively, have been carried into the Treasury
on account of interest due and unpaid on the bonds
of those States held by the United States upon
various trusts, in obedience to the joint resolution
hereinbefore set forth. I have the honor, &e.,
It. J. WALKER,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. J. W. Davis, Speaker of House of Rep's.
The letter was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be punted.
II. From the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
ting the information called for by the House on
the 19th instant in relation to the agencics estab-
lished by the Government in Kentucky and Mis-
souri for the inspection, test, and purchase of Ame-
rican hemp. The Secretary states that, notwith-
standing the recent advertisement for three hundred
tons of hemp to be delivered at St. Louis and Louis-
ville has not been followed by the competition ex-
pected and desiied, he still remains of the opinion
that, by perseverance, the supplies of hemp for the
navy may be obtained of American growth.
By a statement accompanying the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, it appears that these agen-
cies have cost as follows:
James Hamilton, agent, Louisville, from July 6,
1843, salary, $1,752; contingencies and travelling,
$302; rent, $150; storage and labor, #70; tools,
&c., $178; total, $3,063. L. Sanders, Louisville,
to September 24, 1845—salary, $429; contingen-
cies and travelling, $55; total, $644: whole amount,
#3,708.
II. King, agent, St. Louis, to July 16, 1845—
salary, $991; contingencies and travelling, $497;
rent, $482; storage and labor, §223; tools, &c.,
$260; total, $2,454.
John Smith, St. Louis, from July 11, 1845—no
accounts rendered.
The agents receive an annual salary of a thou-
sand dollars, with the usual allowances for trav-
elling expenses and contingencies. The whole
— of hemp purchased is 77 tons, and cost
The letter and accompanying papers were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
III. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting estimates of contracts made by the Trea-
sury Department during the years 1844 and 1845.
Also, a statement of the payments of contracts from
1st January to 30th June, 1845, for the discharge
of miscellaneous claims not provided for by law.
Also, a statement of expenditures of the marine
hospital fund for the relief of sick and disabled sea-
men for the years ending 30th June, 1844, and
30th June, 1845.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
In the course of the day—
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the bill to establish a
collection district in the State of Texas.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of William Poole,
praying for a pension • referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. Tlie petition of Jonathan Adams and 60 others,
against the annexation of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Hiram Humphrevs,
praying remuneration for losses sustained by him m building
a bridge for the United States.
By Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON - The petition of George
Miller, of Sullivan county, Tennessee, praying Congress to
grant himapension, m consequence of being disabled while
in the service of the Umted States, as a private soldier; the
petition of Joseph Bell, asking Congress to place him upon
the roll of invalid pensioners : which were referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions,
By Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS : A petition in relation to a
bar in the gulf, near Pass Christian: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The petition of John L. Allen, of
Mississippi, praying for back pay as a pensioner- refened to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. BOYD ■ A petition for the establishment of a post
route from Princeton, via Empire Ironworks, to Cadiz, in
the State of Kentucky.
By Mr. GILES: The petition of Thomas Garrett, pray-
ing for a compensation for a vessel purchased by him for
the transportation of provisions for tlie army in the late
war- referred to the Committee of Claims. The petition of
Eunice Starr, the widow of William Starr, a soldier of the
Revolution, praying for a pension : referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions. The petition of Magdalena
Moore, widow of Benjamin Moore, a sokijer of the Revolu-
tion, praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pension". The petition of Elizabeth Myer,
widow of John Myer, a soldier of the Revolution, praying
for a pension: referred to the committee on Revolutionary
Pension--.
By Mr. WOOD • Two remonstrances, one of J17 citizens
and another of 143 citizens, of Albany, against the admis-
sion of Tevas as a slave State. The remonstrance of 126
citizens of Band Lake, Rensselaer county, New York, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. YULL: The petition of the legal representatives
of Thomas Maury, jr., for services as clerk to the Cherokee
Indians: referred to the Committee of Claims. The peti-
tion of David I1. Willmro, of Aik-uisas, piaymg the inrlit
of pie-emption : ret'eired to the Committee 'on the Public
Lands. The petition of the citizens of independence coun-
ty, Aikansa-, prnvin<r a mail loutc, &e. - refened to the
Committee on the Post Olhce atld Post Roads.
iiv Mr. WlfflTO'l lliTll • The petition of Daniel Adams,
and Mindly other citizens of Cook comity, tor ,i mail route
fiom Chicago via Mulfrtul, Stebbins, Gross Point, Elhsviile,
and Littlefoit, to Soniliport: refened to the Committee on'
the Post Ottice and Post Roads.
By Mi. SAWTELLE: The remonstrance of John Robin-
son and 3D others, citizens of the State of Mame, as.unst
the admission of Texas as a slave State. The lemonstrance
of inhabitant-, of Si. Alb.ms, of tlie State of Maine, of like
eharactei : which weie ordered to lie on the table. The
petition of Benjamin J. Porter, for an allowance of seven
years' half-pay, for services rendered during the levolution-
ary war, as a suigeon's mate.
By Mr. O. B. SMITH: The remonstrance of William
Russey and 55 others, citizens of the Stale of Indiana,
against tlie admission of Texas as a slave State. The re-
monstrance, of the same character, by J. B. Dmsmoor and
56 others, citizens of the. State of Indiana.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Theodore F. Long
and 191 others, citizen* of the land district, praying the re-
moval of the land office from Jackson, Cape Girardeau eoun-
ty, Missouri, to Fredencktown, Madison county, m the same
State;: referred to the Committee on the Public Lands. The
petition of Noah Reed, and 193 others, citizens of the land
district, praying the removal of the land office of Jackson,
as above: referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The petition of C. IT. Collier, and 56 others, citizens of the
land district, praying the removal of the Jackson land office,
as above: referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The petition of John Thomas, and 58 others, citizens of the
land district, praying the removal of the Jackson land office,
as above: referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
The petition of Solomon D. Caruthers, and 31 others, citi-
zens of the bind district, praying the removal of the land
office from Jackson to Fredencktown, as above: referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 31, 1845.
Mr. LEVY moved that the memorial of the Le-
gislature of Florida, presented by him yesterday,
be printed; which motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Caro-
line E. Sanders, widow ofW. G. Sanders, captain
of a company of volunteers in tlie Florida war,
praying a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Frederick
Vmcent, administrator of Le Caze &■ Mallet, pray-
ing the payment of a balance in favor of said com-
pany on the books of the treasury since the revo-
lutionary war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Edward
D. Lippett, asking pay as sergeant in the United
States Army, from the date of his discharge to the
end of the time for which he was enlisted; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of John
Brown and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a light-
house on Brandywine shoal; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying a weekly mail route
from St. Joseph's, on the Missouri river, to War-
saw, in the State of Illinois; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BAG-BY presented the petition of Joseph
Radcliff, asking compensation for timber lost by
the burning of the navy-yard at Washington du-
ring the late war with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Ben-
jamin Adams &, Co., and others; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A bill for the relief of William Elliott, jr., of
Illinois, was considered as in committee of the
whole, and having been reported back to the Sen-
ate. without amendment, was ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The bill reported to the Senate a few days since,
providing for the appropriation of alternate, sec-
tions of the public domain for the completion of
internal improvements in the State of Michigan
and for other purposes, being taken up,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE remarked that the bill
was one of great importance to the State of Michi-
gan; and although it had previously been discuss-
ed, and had twice passed the Senate, as the time
since it was last reported was short, he hoped that
it would be passed over informally, in order to al-
low the Senators opportunity to fully examine into
its merits. No objection being made, it was so
agreed.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
Road, coming up in its order, was also informally
passed by.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
The bill to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions, was read a third time and passed.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
FLORIDA COURTS.
The following resolution, presented yesterday
by Mr. Westcott, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate copies of the correspondence between the
Attorney General and Solicitor of the Treasury
and the judicial officers of the Territory of Florida,
in relation to the authority of the Territorial j udges
as Federal judges, since the 3d of March, 1845.
The following resolution, presented yesterday
by Mr. Sevier, was*adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions ba
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing five years'pay to Mrs. Mary Jane West, wi-
dow of Lieutenant James West, who died in the
public service in 1834.
The following resolution, presented yesterday
by Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of an
appropriation for the purpose of constructing a
canal from the Mississippi river, at New Orleans,
to Lake Pontchartrain, so as to afford a direct
communication to steamboats from the western
country to the fort proposed to be erected on Ship
Island, with a view to the military and naval
defence of the southern frontier of the United
States.
The following resolution, presented yesterday
by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether, with a view to
the defence of the country, it is expedient, by sub-
scription to its stock or otherwise, and upon such
terms and conditions as may be agreed upon by
the United States and the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company, to assist in the completion of
the road of the said company from its present
western terminus to some suitable point on the
Ohio river.
