122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
all the claims allowed; the amount of land actually
assigned the Indians by virtue of their continued
residence according to the requirements of the
treaty; the amount of scrip issued for those Indians
who had been deprived of their lands; in those
cases where lands have been assigned the Indians
what protection against fraud and deception is af-
forded the Indians by the Government in their
alienation of the same; what proof is required that
a fair consideration has been paid by the purchaser
to the Indian; and what is, in a majority <?f cases,
deemed a fair consideration to render a deed satis-
factory to the department; in those cases where
scrip is issued, what guards against imposition are
thrown around the transfer of the same; and what
sum is generally estimated by the department a
satisf&ctory consideration for the same; and what
are the regulations for the receipt of said scrip in
payment of lands; how much of said scrip has
been yet received; and for what description of lands
will the said scrip be received in payment, whether
for " lands subject to private entry," for payment
of pre-emption entries, or for any lands which have
not been offered at public sale.
The resolution was read and adopted.
protection to oregon emigrants.
Mr. BRINRERHOFF, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to establish a line
of stockade and block-house forts on the route
from the frontier settlements on the Missouri river
to the Territory of Oregon; which was twicc read,
and committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
PRIVATE.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report in the case of Lucien
B. Webster. Laid on the table.
Mr. KEVIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report in the case of
Pierre Gideon. Laid on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the heirs of John Curr, and a bill for the relief
of Thompson Hutchinson. They were severally
twice read, and committed.
Mr. BRODHEAD also made an adverse report
in the case of John Spalding and others, ana of
William Randall. Laid on the table.
abstract op pension laws.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutions y Pensions, repoited the following reso-
lution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause to be compiled an abstract of the several
pension laws now in force for invalid, revolution-
tionary, and other pensions; together with the
constructions which have been placed upon such
laws by the War Department or Attorney Gen-
eral, and the forms necessary to be followed by
the applicants for pensions under the several laws,
and report the same to this House at the earliest
practicable period.
private.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports on the cases of
John Napper Tandy and James Bumbaugh; which
were laid on the table.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of James Da-
vidson; which was twice read and committed.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
made an adverse report on the case of Sherburne
C. Blodget. Laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill to provide for
the payment of the passage of General Lafayette
from France in 1824. Twice read and commit-
ted.
Mr. LIGON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief G. D. Spencer; which
was twice read and committed.
senate bills.
A bill from the Senate to organize a company of
sappers, miners, and pontoniers, was read the first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affaire.
The bill from the Senate to continue the office
of Commissioner of Pensions was read the first
and second time.
Mr. BRODHEAD said the office of Commis-
sioner was about to expire, and that it was neces-
sary, in his opinion, to act immediately on the
bill; and he therefore moved that it be read a third
time and put on its passage.
Mr. McKAY thought, as the bill in effect cre-
ated a new office, and incidentally involved a
charge on the Treasury, it ought to be committed;
he therefore moved that it be committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
This motion prevailed.
The bill from the Senate to repeal the act to
abolish the office of one of the Inspectors General
of the army, and to re-establish that office, was
read the first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
compensation to collectors.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a statement of the compensation and emoluments
received, and the amount of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures retained, by the collectors of Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston,
Savannah, and New Orleans, during the four years
ending 30th June, 1845. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
resolutions.
The SPEAKER then announced that resolu-
tions heretofore submitted, and laid over under the
rules, would next come up in the regular order of
business.
On which the following resolution, moved by
Mr. Dillingham on the 19th of December, was
read and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for removing the place for holding
the district and circuit courts of the United Slates,
in the State of Vermont, from Rutland and Wind-
sor, to Burlington and Chelsea, in said State.
Fremont's report.
The following resolution, moved by Mr. Pkriiy
on the 19th instant, then came up:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House cause to
be printed, upon the type now standing, a suffi-
cient additional number of Fremont's report to
supply the members of the House who have taken
their seats since the 4th of March last with the
same number of copies that have been or may be
distributed to the members who were elected prior
to that time.
The yeas and nays were called for by several
members on the question to agree to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WINTHROP said he was unwilling to
give five thousand copies to the new members of
the House, when the old members had not received
half that number. He was willing to show all
courtesy to the now members; but he really thought
they could not ask of the House that they should
be put so much above an equality with their
brethren. He thought the old and new members
had better unite and lie content to share alike. Pie
believed that twenty-five thousand copics had
already been ordered by the Senate; and if gentle-
men would strike out the word "new" before
" members," and would then move for five thou-
sand extra copies, or for ten thousand, if they
liked better, he would be the last man to oppose
it. He was prepared to concede to the new mem-
bers whatever they could in reason desire. He
moved to amend the motion by striking out the
word " new."
Mr. THOMASSON inquired whether five thou-
sand copies would be necessary to put the new
members on an equal footing with the old. If so,
the motion should have his vote.
Mr. McKAY was opposed to the proposition,
as one altogether new and unprecedented. These
copies, if he understood the matter, were not ask-
ed for the use of members themselves, to furnish
them with additional information to guide their
course here, but for the purpose of distribution
among their constituents. This was the first time
within his recollection that it had ever been pro-
posed to reprint the documents of a former Con-
gress. Indeed, this whole practice of printing
such large extra numbers of documents was of re-
cent origin, for during the first thirty years of the
Government no such thing was heard of. Never,
till within the last twelve or fifteen years, did any
gentleman think of proposing to print five, ten,
twenty, thirty, and (as in one case) fifty thousand
copies of the same document. He, was opposed
to the practice, and thought it ought to be discour-
aged. And as to the reprinting the documents of
previous Congresses, if they reprinted one, why
not all ? These five thousand copies were ostensi-
bly for the new members of the House; but had
not the last Congress ordered the printing of ten
thousand extra copies ? Since then a good many
members had gone out, and a good many more had
been turned out; and if all who came in their places
wore to receive additional copies, would not their
districts get a double share in consequence of having
changed their Representatives? Surely they would;
and all such distinctions he considered unjust. If
more copies were to be printed, let there be, an
equality. His own constituents were as much en-
titled to the benefit as those who had sent new
Representatives here. He therefore moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John &. Adams, Ste-
phen Adams, Barringer, Bayly, Benton, James
Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead,
Milton Brown, Buffington, Burt, Cathcart, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Crozier,
Cullom, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Dillingham, Dob-
bin, Graham, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, E. W.
Hubard, James B. Hunt,jj James H. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Lawrence, Lewis, Lumpkin, McClelland, Mc-
Clernand, McKay, Barclay Martin, Morris, Moul-
ton, Norris, Parish, Payne, Pettit, Pollock, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Scammon, Severance,
Alexander D. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robt. Smith,
Starkweather, St. John, Jacob Thompson, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—f>G.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashmun, Baiter,
Blanchard, William G. Brown, Chipman, Cocke,
Collamer, Colin, Cranston, Culver, Cunningham,
Darragh, Delano, De Mott, Dixon, Douglass,
Faran, Ficklin, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Good-
year, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Harper, Herrick,
tlilliard, EJias B. Holmes, I. E. Holmes, Hough,
John W. Houston, Sam'l D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Chas. J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, D.
P. King, Leib, Levin, Ligon, McConnell, Mc-
Crate, McDowell, McGaughey, McHenry, Marsh,
John P. Martin, Miller,Niven,Pendleton, Perrill,
Price, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, L. H. Simms, Truman
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Thomasson, Jas.
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Toombs,
Trumbo, Vinton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot,Win-
throp, and Wood—77.
So the motion was not laid on the table.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired what would
be the expense per copy of these extra numbers;
but the Chair replied that it had no information on
the subject.
Mr. T. then observed that the chief item of ex-
pense in the copy he had received appeared to con-
sist m the plates and in the astronomical tables
which accompanied the report. These he had
carefully examined, and, believing them to be of
little or no use, moved that the report be printed
without them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Accounts, that
they might ascertain and report what would be
the expense.
Mr. THURMAN suggested that they report
what would be the expense with, and what with-
out, the plates and tables alluded; to.
The question being taken on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion to refer, it was negatived; and the question
then recurring on the motion of Mr. Winthrop
to strike out the word " new"—
Mr. BAKER expressed his determination to
vote in favor of the motion. If any additional
copies were printed, he hoped there would be an
equal distribution between all the members of the
House; otherwise, the practical result must be
that some districts would get a double supply of
these documents while others did not. There
were not enough copies of this valuable' report in
the country. They were in great demand, as Mr.
B. had reason to know, for he had received more
letters on the subject of this Fremont report- and
the document from the Patent Office, than respect-
ing any and all other matters- pwt together.
Mr. B. thought that the balance of copies- or-
dered last Congress, but not yet supplied and dis-
