124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
So the rules were not suspended, and the resolu-
tion was not introduced.
COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. DANIEL and Mr. RATHBUN rose and
addressed the Chair, each to a privileged question,
as they stated.
The SPEAKER gave the floor to
Mr. DANIEL, who called the recollection of the
House to the fact that, on a former day, he had,
under what he understood to be the wishes or di-
rection of the Committee of Claims, asked that the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] a mem-
ber, of that committee, but who did not attend its
sittings, be excused from service. The motion
was waived at the time, because the gentleman did
not happen to be in his seat. He (Mr. D.) had
not been authorized by the gentleman himself to
make the motion; but as he now saw him in his
seat, he (Mr. D.) would move that the gentleman
be excused from service, and that another member
be appointed m his place.
Ihe SPEAKER said that he doubted whether
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,]
or the committee, had the right, under the rule, to
submit this motion. The rule itself provided that
a member might ask to be excused from service on
a committee, but there was no provision that an-
other person could submit such a motion. And
the Chair thought that the motion legitimately
ought to come from the member himself.
Mr. DANIEL rising and addressing the Chair—
The SPEAKER said that the proceeding was an
irregular one, and not in accordance with the prac-
tice of the House The Chair was not aware of
any instance m which a committee had asked that
one of its members, who had not himself submit-
ted the request, should be excused.
Mr. POLLOCK (a member of the committee)
was understood to say that he had suggested this
doubt in committee; his own opinion being that
the motion to be excused should come from the
member himself.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL (also a member
of the committee) explained that though he was
aware that there had been a conversation on this
subject in the committee, yet he was not aware
that any action had been taken upon it.
Here the conversation ended.
OREGON.
Mr. G. DAVIS rose to inquire whether the bill
heretofore reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Territories, [Mr. Douglass,] " to
protect the rights of American settlers in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon," had been made the special order
of the day for the first or second Tuesday of tins
month'
Several voices: " The first Tuesday."
Mr. DAVIS said there had been some misun-
derstanding among the members of the House on
that point.
The SPEAKER said that the Clerk informed
him that the first Tuesday in January was the day
designated.
Mr. G. DAVIS desired, he said, to offer a reso-
lution.
Mr. PAYNE here rose, and inquired of the
Speaker whether he had stated that the first Tues-
day was the day named .'
The SPEAKER having assented,
Mr. PAYNE said that a number of members
had been under the impression that the special
order had been announced for the second Tuesday.
The SPEAKER said he had himself been under
that impression until, the inquiry having been
made, the Journal had been looked into, and had
settled the fact that the bill was made the special
order for the first Tuesday.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that he had been in-
structed by the Committee on the Territories to
designate the first Tuesday; and his own intention
and desire had been that the bill should come up
at the earliest practicable day. But as he had been
assured round the House that there had been great
misapprehension on the subject, and that, as no
serious objection on the part of the House existed,
he would move the postponement of the special
order until the second Tuesday of the present
month.
The SPEAKER said that motion was in order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLLsaid, he. for one would
only say that his decided impression had been that
the second Tuesday had been the day specified.
He had no idea that it was the fiist.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the rules in relation
to the order of business be suspended, to enable
him to offer the following resolution; which was
read for information;
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of tlie Union be discharged
from the consideration of " a bill to protect the
' rights of American, settlers in the Territory of
' Oregon until the termination of the joint occu-
' pancy of the same;" and that the second and
third sections of said bill be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary; the fourth section, to
the Committee on Public Lands; the fifth section,
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; the sixth and
seventh sections, to the Committee 011 Military
Affairs; the eighth section, to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads; the ninth section,
to the Committee of Ways and Means; and the
tenth section, to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The resolution elicited some laughter.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired of the Speaker,
whether the motion was debatable ?
The SPEAKER having replied in the negative,
put the question on the motion to suspend the
rules.
And, two-thirds not having voted in the affirma-
tive, the rules were not suspended.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. PAYNE inquired what had become of the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass.]
The SPEAKER said it was yet pending.
Mr. PAYNE inquired whether it would not be
in order to correct the Journal in this respect?
The SPEAKER said that there was no necessity
for any correction, inasmuch as the Journal had
correctly slated the fact.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I hope that the special order
will be postponed until the second Tuesday of this
month, and I make that motion.
Mr. RATHBUN inquired of the Speaker, whe-
ther such a disposition of the bill lay now within
the power of the House? Could the House be in
possession of that subject, before the time to which
its consideration had been postponed should have
arrived ?
The SPEAKER said that the House could ar-
range its order of business at any moment, and
that the motion to postpone was in order.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative without a division.
So the bill to protect the rights of American set-
tlers in the Territory of Oregon, until the termina-
tion of the joint occupation of the same, was made
the special order of the day for the sccond Tuesday
in January, instead of the first Tusday, as hereto-
fore appointed.
THE TENTH VOLUME.
On a former day the following resolution was
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be di-
rected to purchase the usual number of copics—
not to exceed fifteen hundred—of the tenth volume
of the laws of the United States, compiled by him
and published in this city, and distribute them as
former volumes of the laws have been distributed;
except that none shall be distributed to members
of Congress, or delegates from Territories : pro-
vided that they can be purchesed at $2 50 per vol-
ume.
And this resolution, after some discussion as to
the rights of parties under existing contract for
that work, the completing editions that were in
process of publication, the cost to the Government,
&r., had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RATHBUN now rose, and, after a prelimi-
nary inquiry on a point of order, moved that the
vote by which the bill had been so committed be
reconsidered, in order that the resolution might
come up for disposition in the House.
[This being a privileged motion, took precedence
of all other business.]
The discussion above referred to, and directed
mainly to the same points, was now renewed, and I
was participated in directly, or by way of expla- j
nation, by Messrs. Rathbon, McDowell, Win- ;
Timor, M. Brown, Cobb, Dillingham, Reid, and
Martin.
When Mr. McDOWELL, remarking that he
should adopt the same principle in relation to this
matter that he should in any other transaction of
life—that was, buy where he could purchase the
cheapest—moved, with that object in'view, the
previous question, -
There was a second. The main question on re-
consideration was ordered, and being taken, the
House refused to reconsider the vote.
So the resolution continues to sleep comfortably
for present in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
FOREIGN WOOL.
Mr GORDON (leavehavingbeen refused) moved
that the rules of the House be suspended, to enable
him to introduce the .following resolution; which
was read for information :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to inform this House,
as soon as practicable, of the amount and quality
of foreign vvool imported into the United States
since August 30, 1842, in each year; the rate of
duty paid thereon; the valuation of the same at the
last port or place whence exported to the United
States, and the country whence exported; and also
the amount of domestic wool exported from the
United States to foreign countries m the same time,
and the quality and valuation at the port or place
of exportation of such exports; and to communi-
cate such other facts in relation to the wool trade
of the United States as the department may have
the means of furnishing for the information of the
House.
The House refused to suspend the rules. So the
resolution was not received.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees in their order for reports.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the'petition of Henry
Bogardus and Ebenezer Atwell; which was laid
upon the table.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reported the
following bills :
A bill for the relief of John Anderson;
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Gibson, ac-
companied by a report in each case; which bills
were severally read first and secon'd time, and
committed to a committee of the whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of the securities of Elijah
J. Weed, late quartermaster of marines, deceased,
accompanied by a bill for their relief; which bill
was read a first and second time, and committed to
a committee of the whole House to-morrow.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of Lyon and Howard,
accompanied by a bill for their relief; which bill
was read a first and second time, and committed to
a committee of the whole House to-morrow.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, to which the petitions upon the
subject were referred, reported a bill to remove the
land office at Lebanon, in the State of Alabama,
from, that place to Jacksonville, in said State;
which bill was read a first and second time, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Jesse Johnson;
which report was laid on the table.
OREGON.
The Committee on Military Affairs having been
called,
Mr. HARALSON", its chairman, reported" a bill
' to raise two regiments of riflemen, and for other
' purposes;" which was readaiirstand second time
by its title.
JMr. H. moved that the bill be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and thatitbe made the special order of the
day for Tuesday next.
Mr. Gr, S. tlOUSTOH objected to this system
of making special orders; for the result, he said,
would be that the House would find itself tram-
melled and obstructed by them until it would really
not know what business it was going to do; Let
this bill take the ilsual course. Me did ndt desire
to make any war upon it, but he wished that it
should take its chance with other bills.
Mr. HARALSON said he would assign reasons
for the motion he had made, which>,he presumed,
would he satisfactory., It was" well known that a
bill had been reported from th& Committee on the
