1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
Territories to organize a Government for the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. In that bill were imbodied some
provisions on subjects which had been referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and which in
fact were embraced in the bill now under consid-
eration. If action were to be had at the time he
suggested, it might save the trouble of referring
back again a portion of the other bill—thus obvia-
ting delay, and avoiding those discussions or con-
troversies which might be likely to arise out of
questions affecting the jurisdiction of the different
committees.
The bill provided for the organization of two
regiments of riflemen. It also, in accordance with
the recommendation of the Secretary of "War, pro-
vided for the increase of the existing regiments of
infantry, artillery, and dragoons. The increase of
military force in the two new regiments contem-
plated in the bill, amounted to an aggregate of one
thousand Jive hundred and fifty-six, including offi-
cers; and, at the same time, the bill gave a discre-
tionary power to the President to add to each regi-
ment of the existing establishment ten men to each
company, If this bill should pass, there would be
no necessity for the organization of a separate
corps such as was provided for by the bill report-
ed fiom the Committee on the Territories: because
the President could use his discretion, and select
any corps which he might think proper for the
particular service contemplated by that bill.
One other remark he would make. We had been
informed by the report of the Secretary of War,
that the exigencies of the public service had re-
quired him to withdraw the garrisons from almost
all the fortifications in the North, and on the North
Atlantic States; and that some even of the southern
foi tifications had been left without garrisons in con-
sequence of the exigencies of the public service in
the South. The Secretary also said that he could
not recall the force from that quarter at tins par-
ticular time. Was not the House willing, by act-
ing on this bill at an early day, to authorize an
amount of force sufficient to guard the public prop-
erty in the different fortifications now existing?
Mr, GEO. S. HOUSTON called the attention of
the House to the fact that the bill reported from the
Committee on the Territories was one special or-
der already nmde, and that it was now proposed to
make the bill from the Committee on MihUiry Af-
fairs another. If these special orders were thus
sanctioned on the ground of the general interest
felt in the House or the country, or for any other
reason 
Mr. McDOWELL. I rise to a point of order.
Mr, HOUSTON. The gentleman is too late, or
nearly so. If he will let me alone a moment, I will
obviate the necessity of his speaking at all.
Mr, McDOWELL. Let the Speaker decide that:
I desire to be informed by the Chair whether it is
in order to discuss this proposition.
The SPEAKER explained that the question of
making the bill a special order, being simply a ques-
tion touching the priority of business, was not de-
batable; but that there was also pending a motion
of reference, which was debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON continued. Pie would not oc-
cupy the attention of the House long. He desired
simply to explain his object, which was to show
that, if the House persisted m this course of pro-
ceeding, the time was not far distant when every
committee that made a report would at the same
time move that it be made a special order. Thus
the House would soon find itself with its hands
tied; for, the special order once made, a vote of two-
thirds would be required to get the House out of
the difficulty in which it thus placed itself with re-
gerd to its business.
He would not go into the merits of the question
of raising these two regiments of riflemen, or of m-
ci easing the army at all. But if he understood the i
reason assigned by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Haralson] for pressing the early considera-
tion of this bill, it was because it constituted one of
the sections of the bill reported by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] from the Committee
on the Territories.
Mr. HAROLSON rose to explain. The gen- !
tleman from Alabama [Mr. G. S. Houston] was i
mistaken. The remark which he (Mr. H-) had
made was this: that the bill now reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs would probably ob-
viate the necessity of one of the sections of the bill
introduced by the Committee on the Territories.
The bill he had reported, however, was entirely |
different, and more extensive in its provisions,
having reference not only to matters referred to in
the sixth and seventh sections of the territorial bill,
but providing for the exigencies of the public ser-
vice in other sections of the Union, besides that of
the line of travel to Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON continued. The explanation
of the gentleman amounts, [ think, to about what I
supposed him to have said. I perceive that there
must be an intimate connexion between the two
bills. Indeed, the gentleman himself seems to
think so; and that is one reason why, if a special
order is made at all, it should come after the House
shall have acted on the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on the Territories. We do not know—we
cannot know—what action this House will take on
that bill. And I am almost warranted in saying
that, if the bill reported by the gentleman from II-
linos, [Mr. Douglass,] or some other bill of the
kind, be not passed, 1 take it for granted that the
necessity for considering the hill from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs will be obviated. It seems
to me, therefore, that the bill reported from the
Committee on the Territories should first be consid-
ered and acted upon. If, after that, we desire to
raise two regiments of riflemen, or to increase at all
the military force of the country, we can then take
up the other bill, accomplish the object we desire,
and in that manner perfect such legislation as the
best interests of the country may require. I-know
that there are other bills connected with this very
subject which have the same importance attached
to them; and I desire, therefore, that this particu-
lar bill should come up without any peculiar ad-
vantage it may dctive from being made a special
order, and that it should stand upon its own
merits.
Mr. DOUGLASS hoped the motion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs would
prevail, and that this bill would be made the spe-
cial order for Tuesday next. It was true this bill,
if passed, would obviate the necessity of one sec-
tion of the bill which he (Mr. D.) had had the honor
to report from the Committee on Territories. It
would obviate the necessity of that one section
which provided for the raising two regiments of
dragoons. It provided for this particular, and in a
manner much more perfect than the bill which he
had reported, and it came as appropilately from the
Committee on Military Affairs. He did not see
the necessity of the postponement of this bill until
the other bill came up. He did not concur with the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] if the
Oregon bill failed this session—which, he trusted,
no gentleman in this House would admit was going
to fail—that it would not be necessary to pass the
present bill. This would, even then, be necessary
for the protection of emigrants on their way to Ore-
gon, and for settlers on our western frontier, now
much enlarged by the annexation of Texas. And,
further, for the reasons specified by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, viz: to obviate
any objection to the other bill on the ground that
the proposition for the two regiments ought to come
from that committee—he thought they ought to act
on this bill first. They had no special order for
next week; and unless they made one, they might
be adjourning over from day to day and doing
nothing. He saw no reason why they should not
take up this bill and dispose of it; and if the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs would re-
port their bill, and the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs report their notice, he saw not
why they might not all be taken up next week and
acted on at once; and then when the Oregon bill
I came up, they could modify it so as to meet those
j bills which might have been passed. It would ob-
| viate the objections which had been, and which
| might be raised to that bill, that it included sub-
j jects over which other committees had jurisdiction;
1 and they could meet this Oregon question face
to face directly on its own merits, without any
controversy as to whether it ought to have come
from this or that committee. He hoped, therefore,
that this preliminary question would be settled, and
that week after next* to which time he had con-
sented the Oregon question should be postponed,
would not be occupied with the discussion of these
questions.
He repeated the expression of the hope that
not only this bill, but the bill from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and the notice from the Com-
mittee on Foieign Affairs, would be taken up next
week, and disposed of. He hoped, therefoie, tins
motion would prevail. There could be no objec-
tion raised that it would not be necessary if no
Oregon bill were passed. If no Oregon bill passed
at all, it would be necessary to have these Indian
agencies west of the Rocky mountains; it would
be necessary to raise this force for the protection
of our emigrants thither; and the notice would be
necessary. Hence the necessity of these bills did
not depend at all upon the passage of the Oregon
bill. He hoped, then, that gentlemen would not
object to these until the Oregon bill came up, and
then say that it was not from the right commit-
tee. There seemed to be a game playing to ob-
ject to the Oregon bill when it came up, and to
say to the Committee on Territories, You have re-
ported on subjects which you ought not to have
reported on, and which belong to other committees;
and now, when the Military Committee had re-
ported distinctly, appropriately, to object to its
being considered until after the Oregon bill was
acted on.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON (the floor being yielded
by Mr. Douglass for explanation) simply desired
to say, if the gentleman thought there was any
game playing—and certainly if there was a game
playing he would be presumed to have a hand
in it, as he had made the objection to making this
bill the special older—and if the gentleman thought
he (Mr. H.) had any hand in it, that he was, as
usual, sadly mistaken. And furthermore, if these
bills were all to be brought up, and all made the
special order—every one covering the object of
particular clauses in the gentleman's bill—they
would have too little of the gentleman's bill left to
occupy the next week.
Mr. DOUGLASS, resuming, had only to say,
if he was mistaken, it was a sad mistake; and lie
hoped that all the mistakes he made would be of
the same character.
Mr. VANCE here interposed with the point of
order, that this debate was not in order, being on,
a question of the priority of business.
The SPEAKER said the question of priority of
business was not debatable; the question of refer-
ence to the Committee of the Whole on the State
of the Union, which was also pending, was, how-
ever, undoubtedly debatable.
Mr. DOUGLASS continued. He had but one
word more to add. So far as he had spoken of
any game being played, he had no personal allu-
sion to any gentleman; but he did say that in this
House every little question which could be seized
hold of was raised to postpone and prevent action
on this Oregon question. There seemed to be a
terror in the Oregon question that made gentlemen
shrink from it, who had met the Texas question
boldly and without shrinking, last year.
Mr. HOUSTON (Mr. D. yielding the floor)
simply wished to say, if he was at all included m
this allusion of the gentleman, that he had told the
gentleman from Illinois that if he would bring up
his bill to-day, he (Mr. H.) was ready to discuss
it and vote on it.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Hence what he said; that
he had no personal allusion when speaking of the
game that was being played, because he knew the
gentleman was ready to meet the question directly
and boldly. At the same time, he repeated, there
seemed to be some terror connected with the Ore-
gon question, so that gentlemen seemed to shrink
from it; and he wished to see gentlemen meet it
boldly, fairly. If the objection was that the mili-
tary clause ought to have come from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs,-let them have the bill as
now reported from that committee. He wished
this question brought up, and brought up at once;
and he thought they had waited long enough on
this question to proceed promptly now without
being charged with haste. The Texas bill had
first been reported, and they had sent it through
with a jump—sent it through at once; and they
had seen none of this apprehension lest the subject
should come from some committee other than the
right one, when the Texas bill was passed. Now,
he repeated, with reference to this Oiegon bill,
they wished it carried through—not with the same
rapidity, but with the same boldness, the same
consistency—so as to show that they were twin
measures, not only in name, but in fact. He
hoped this bill would be acted on, and that a bill
from the Committee on Indian Affairs would be
reported and acted on; and if the Chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs would report his
notice for the termination of the joint convention,
