126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
he (Mr. D.) would be in fttvor of pushing it through
in the game short time; and if that did leave his
bill without much remaining, he should be grati-
fied that so little was left to be acted on. He had
none of that pride.
Mr. G. DAVIS interposed, and remarking that
the gentleman admitted there were certain portions
of his bill which ought to be considered by other
committees, wished to ask of the gentleman to be
good enough to state what portions of the bill
which he had reported, in his opinion, appertained
to other committees, and what portions to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOUGLASS would answer the gentleman
from Kentucky with pleasure. There was no por-
tion at all which came inappropriately from the
Committee on Territories; arid he did not admit—
he never had conceived—the slightest impropriety
in every portion of it coming from the Committee
on Territories. If it were true that the section on
military affairs might not have come from the Com-
mittee on Territories, they might make the same
objections to that part which pertained to Indian
affairs, to the post office, to the notice, to the judi-
ciary officers; and what would be left for the Com-
mittee on Territories to report on? What should
that committee report on? For what were they
constituted? It was to take charge of the Terri-
torial business before this House; and its province
included military affairs, judicial affairs, post office
affairs, and everything else which related to the
Territories; and he said that the Committee on
Territories had uniformly reported on these various
subjects. They did so the last year, including
r \ cry one of these subjects, except the notice to
Great Britain; and because that committee did not
report it, the House voted in the notice, thereby
declaring that the Committee on Territories ought
to have reporfed it.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. That notice was put
at the eleventh hour in great confusion and in a
very bad mode, too.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Just exactly as I stated.
The Committee 011 Territories did not report the
notice; and because they did not, the House put it
in; and it was true they put it in in a very bad
way; and the gentleman at the head of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs did not report it at all.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL (Mr. D. yielding) said
if the gentleman would turn to the journal of the
committee, he would see that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs instructed him (Mr. I.) to report
against the notice—the reason why he was obliged
so to report.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Exactly so. I know the
Committee on Foreign Affairs instructed the gen-
tleman, and he believed that committee did report i
so, and that against the wishes of lite House. This :
House undertook to put it into the Territorial bill, ]
thereby saying it ought to be there. The Com- |
mittee on Territories of this session, therefore, J
having knowledge of the action of this House, of
the Committee 011 Territories, and of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs last year, had profited by
their experience, and had done this year what the
House, by a solemn vote, declared ought to have
been done there last year. He hoped this would
be a satisfactory answer to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
But while he said this, he did not pretend to say
that the Committee on Military Affairs, that the
Committee on Indian Affairs, that the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, would be transcending their
legitimate sphere, by reporting their various bills.
There were many committees here which had con-
current jurisdiction of the same matter. For in-
stance: the subject of the tariff was frequently re-
ferred and reported upon at the same time by both
the Committee of Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Manufactures. If the Comniittee on
Territories had not the right to take cognizance of
all laws necessary to the organization of* Territo-
ries, and to the protection of our citizens there,
they had no rights; because every branch of" this
subject might come within the purview of other
committees. But he thought this matter might
be arranged, and arranged harmoniously, if this
House would act upon this bill from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and if they would make
the bills from the Committee on Indian Affairs
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs the spe-
cial order, and act on them at the same time.
They could pass theste bills next week; and the
Committee on Territories would not feel that their
province was trenched upon at all by the House
having stepped in and passed parts of their bill.
All that the Committee on Territories wished was,
to see that the House take the action necessary to
protect our rights in Oregon.
He did hope that there would be no dodging on
this Oregon question. Yes; that there would be no
dodging on the Oregon question; that there would
be no delay; and he hoped that the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] would show
the same spirit and the same enthusiasm in behalf
of Oregon that he had shown in behalf of Texas,
and that he would be as brave and as fearless in
looking Great Britain in the face as he was in
looking Mexico in the face. There was great ap-
prehension of war here last year—but of war with
Mexico instead of Great Britain; and they had
found men brave, and furious in their bravery, in de-
fying Mexico and her allies, England and France,
who now had an awful horror in prospect of a
war with Great Britain. He (Mr. D.) had felt
pretty brave last year with reference to Mexico
and her allies, anil lie felt equally so now. He
believed, if we wished to avoid a war upon this
Oregon question, the only way we could avoid it
was by preparing to give them the best fight we
had on hand. Just give the notice; erect our mili-
tary posts; garrison them, and do all we could
during the continuance of the treaty; and the mo-
ment the notice expires, have a territorial bill
ready to drop in and take effect from that day, and
the Oregon question, we would find, would be set-
tled. The contest would be a bloodless 0110 ; we
should avoid war, for the reason that Great Britain
knows too well, if she hud war about Oregon, fare-
well to her Canada. )f this House and the other
House acted firmly on the Oregon question—if they
passed the military bills first, and then followed
them up with the civil bills, showing the nerve to
act without talking—except they talked for the
purpose of making men act—we should have no
war with England on this subjcct,
Mr. HOLMFS confessed,'whatever might be
said of his bravery 011 the Texas question, that he
did feel, on the Oregon question, grave and deep
alarm. Yes, he was not afraid to acknowledge
that ho was alarmed to see the interests of this
mighty Republic precipitated and plunged heed-
lessly into a contest with Great Britain; and he
put it to gentlemen who advocated the bill of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Pooolass,] whether
they had not better first pass the notice, if they
could pass it, before they made any appropriation
for war ; for he told that gentleman that if the
bill reported to this House by him did pass, he
would wot find him (Mr, H.) backing out from the
war; for he was well convinced that what he be-
lieved the intention of a vast body of this House
to be, would be accomplished—that war would be
inevitable; and, instead of three or five regiments,
he wished at once (and he intended to move it on
the passage of the gentleman's bill) that the Ex-
ecutive be entrusted with a credit of twenty million
of dollars, to be made instantly applicable to the
defonees of the country; for the issue could not be
avoided if this bill were passed; and he therefore
wished, if the bill did pass, it would pass before
we arrayed in any manner the force of this coun-
try, whether by regiments or by battalions. He
said that the gentleman, as a lawyer, acquainted
with the law international, knew that the notice
would produce war. What was the object of the
notice> Was it not to terminate the joint occu-
pancy? Why terminate the joint occupancy?
Was it not, at the end of twelve ihonths, to en-
force our rights over the entirety of the region
called Oregon, unless they expected (what gentle-
men did not expect) that Great Britain would not
be driven off beyond the forty-ninth degree of
| north latitude. Who was there who had watched
I the progress of the negotiation, and had not been
| convinced of the tenacity with which she adhered
j to her supposed rights? And whether she had
them or not, who did not see that she would not
be driven above forty-nine degrees? Was this
their ob|ect, in giving the notice, to say that she
should not come to forty-nine degrees ?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL interposed, and called
the gentleman from South Carolina to order. He
considered these remarks not only altogether out
of order, but calculated injuriously to affect the
public interests.
Mr. HOLMES. With the understanding that
i the debate is to cease, and with the grave rebuke
I have received from the chairman of the most im-
portant committee of the House, I will yield the
floor; and I demand the previous question.
Mr. H., on appeals to that effect, withdrew the
demand for th6 previous question.
Mr. HARALSON rose, simultaneously with
Mr. ADAMS, and addressed the Speaker; but
having spoken once upon this question, the floor
was awarded to
Mr. ADAMS, Who said he perhaps ought to
make an apology to the House for addressing them
at all on the question before,them, the state of his
health being such as to render it impossible for
him to enter fully into "the important question
which was presented to their consideration. He
understood the question now before the House to
be, whether a bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs for the raising two regiments of
riflemen should be made the special order of this
House for next Tuesday; and he inquired of the
Speaker if this was not the case.
The SPEAKER replied that that was one branch
of the question; but that branch would not strictly
be debatable.' The question of referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole" on the state of the
Union was also before the House; and that was
debatable.
Mr. ADAMS. Is the question, whether the bill
shall be referred at all ?
The SPEAKER re-stated that there were two
questions pending—one on referring to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the other on making the special order.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I ask that the question be
divided, and that the question first be taken on re-
ferring the subject to the Committee of the Whole
on the'state of the Union. He desired this, because
he presumed there would be no diversity of opinion
in the House upon that subject. If tjhere was, it
would entirely change the state of the argument
and debate here. He asked that the question be
first taken on the question of reference.
Mr. f |OUSTON (Mr. A. still retaining the floor)
remarked that he believe'l he had made the objec-
tion originally; but it was not to the reference, but
to the setting apart the bill as a special order;
• The SPEAKER stated that the branch of the
question which proposed the reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
was competent for a majority of the House to de-
termine; but the other branch, which proposed to
make it a special order, would require a vote of two-
thirds.
Mr. ADAMS still retaining the floor,
The first branch of the question was propounded.
Mr. HARALSON wished to know if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had closed his remarks.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman still
retained the ris^ht to the floor.
Mr. ADAMS requested that the question be first
taken on the reference; because, if the House re-
fused that, he had nothing further to say.
Mr. HARALSON objected to that question be-
ing taken, as it would preclude all debate—the
other branch of the question not being debatable.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I withdraw my motion for
the present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can demand
a division of the question, and that division will be
made when the question is taken,
Mr. ADAMS. Then 1 suppose 1 am now at
liberty to debate whether or not the question shall
be made the order of the House for Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
this question- is not debatable, coming under the
113th rule, which prescribes that " All questions
' relating to the priority of business shall be de-
* cided without debate;" but the question to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is debatable, and it opens up the whole
questidn.
Mr. ADAMS. I will, then, at the risk of being
arrested for irrelevancy—sometimes a very'favor-
ite mode of stopping debate—make my argument
altogether on the question of making this a special
order, while in form I appear to be speaking to the
question of reference.
This measure now proposed to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state-oMtie Union,
(said Mr. A.) is one of a-gr«at variety of mea-
sures, all of them as important as any which have
ever come, or ever will come, before this House.
It is only one of them, and one on which it is per-
mitted to speak Without -having special reference
