1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
tions at the earliest opportunity -which was afford-
ed me, I was actuated by the desire to put my own
views upon record before tire returning steamers
should bring back to us from England the angry
recriminations to which the late Message of the
President may not improbably give occasion, and
before the passions of our people were inflamed by
any violent outbreaks of British feeling which that
document is so likely to excite.
I am perfectly aware, Mr. Speaker, that, ex-
press the views which I entertain when I may, I
shall not escape reproach and imputation from
some quartern of the House. I know that there
are those by whom the slightest syllable of dissent
from the extreme views which the Administration
would seem recently to have adopted, will be
eagerly seized upon as evidence of a want of what
they call patriotism and American spirit. I spurn
all such imputations in advance. I spurn the no-
tion that patriotism can only be manifested by
plunging the nation into war, or that the love of
one's own country can only be measured by one's
hatred to any other country. Sir, the American
spirit that is wanted at the present moment, want-
ed for our highest honor, wanted for our dearest
interests, is that which dares to confront the mad
impulses of a superficial popular sentiment, and to
appeal to the sober second thoughts of moral and
intelligent men. Every schoolboy can declaim
about honor and war, the British lion and the Ame-
rican eagie ; and it is a vice of our nature that the
calmest of us have heartstrings which may vibrate
for a moment even to such vulgar touches. But
(thanks to the institutions of education and reli-
gion which our fathers founded) the great mass of
the American people have also an intelligence anil
•a moral sense which will sooner or later respond
to appeals of a higher and nobler sort, if we will
only have the firmness to make thein. It was a
remark of an old English courtier, a century and
n half ago, to one who threatened to take the sense
of the people on some important question, that he
would take the nonsense of the people and bear him
twenty to one. And it might have been something
better than a good joke in relation to the people of
England at the time it was uttered. But I am not
ready to regard it as applicable to our own intelli-
gent and educated American people at the present
day. An appeal to the nonsense of the American
people may succeed for an hour; but the stern
sense of the country will soon reassert itself, and
will carry the day jn the end.
Buf, Mr. Speaker, there are other reproaches,
beside those of my opponents, to which 1 may be
thought to subject myself by the formal promul-
gation of the views which I entertain on this sub-
ject. It has been said, in some quarters, that it
was not good party policy to avow such doctrines;
that tho friends of the Administration desire noth-
ing so much as ap excuse for branding the Whigs
of the Union as the peace-party; and that the only
course for us in the minority to pursue, is, to biag
about our readiness for war with those that brag
loudest. Now, I am entirely sensible that if an
opponent of the present Administration were will-
ing to make a mere party instrument of this Ore-
gon negotiation, he might find in its most recent
history the amplest materials for throwing hack
upon the majority in this House the imputations
in which they have been heretofore so ready to
indulge. How easy and obvious it would be for
us to ask, where, where was the heroic determin-
ation of the Executive to vindicate our title to
the whole of Oregon—yes, sir, "the wjioi.i. or
none"—when a deliberate oiler of more than live
degrees of latitude was recently made to Great
Britain?—made, too, at a moment when the Pres-
ident and his Secretary of State tell you that they
firmly believed that our right to the whole was
clear and unquestionable? How easy it would be
to taunt the Secretary of State with the policy he
has pursued in his correspondence, of keeping
back those convincing arguments, upon which he
now relies to justify him in claiming the whole of
this disputed territory, until his last letter—until
he had tried in vain to induce Great Britain to ac-
cept a large part of it—as if he were afraid to let
even his own country understand how good our
title was, m case he could succeed in effecting a
compromise
For myself, however, I utterly repudiate all idea
of party obligations or party views in connexion
with this question. I scorn the suggestion that
the peace of my country is to be regarded as a
mere pawn on the political chessboard, to be
perilled for mere party triumph. We have seen
enough of the mischief of mingling such questions
with party politics. We see it at this moment.
It has been openly avowed, elsewhere, and was
repeated by the honorable member from Illinois
[Mr. Douglass] in this House yesterday, that
Oregon and Texas were born and cradled together
in the Baltimore Convention; that they were the
twin offspring of that political conclave; and in
that avowal may be found the whole explanation
of the difficulties and dangers with which the ques-
tion is now attended.
I honor the Administration, Mr, Speaker, for
whatever spirit of conciliation, compromise, and
peace, it has hitherto manifested on this subject,
and have no hesitation m saying so. If I have
anything to reproach them with, or taunt them
for, it is for what appears to me as an unreason-
able and precipitate abandonment of that spirit.
And if anybody desires on this account, or any
other account, to brand me as a member of the
peace-party, I bare my bosom—I hold up both my
hands—to receive that brand. I am willing to
take its first and deepest impression, while the iron
is sharpest and hottest. If there be anything of
shame in such a brand, I certainly glory in my
shame. A Cicero said, in contemplation of any
odium which might attach to him for dealing in
too severe or summary a maimer with Catiline,
"ICo animo semper ful, ut invidiam virtute par tarn,
glorium, non invidiam, putarem.1'1
But who, who is willing to bear the brand of
being a member of the war-party? Who will sub-
mit to have that Cain-mark stamped upon his
brow? I thank Heaven that all men, on all sides,
have thus far refuser! to wear it. No man, of ever
so extreme opinions, has ventured vet to speak
upon this question without protesting, in the
roundest terms, that he was for peace, liven the
honorable member from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,]
who was for giving notice to quit at fho earliest
day, and for proceeding at once to build forts and
stockades, and for asserting an exclusive jurisdic-
tion over the whole Oregon Territory at the very
instant at which the twelve months should expire,
was as stout as any of us for preserving- peace.
My venerable colleague, [Mr. Adams,] too, from
whom I always differ with great regret, but dif-
fering from whom on the present occasion, I con-
form not more to my own conscientious judgment
than to the opinions of my constituents, as I un-
derstand them—he, too, I am sure, even in that
very torrent of eloquent indignation which cost us
for a moment the order and dignity of the House,
could have had nothing but the peaco of the coun-
try at heart. So far as peace, then, is concerned,
it seems that we are alt agreed. " Only it must
be an honorable peace:" that, I think, is the ste-
reotyped phrase of the day: and all our diflcrences
are thus reduced to the question, What constitutes
an honorable peace? Undoubtedly, Mr. Speaker,
the answer to this question must depend upon the
peculiar circumstanccs of the case to which it is ap-
plied. Yet, I will not pass to the consideration of
that case without putting the burden of proof where
it belongs. Peace, sir, m itself, in its own nature,
and of its own original essence, is honorable. No
individual, no nation, can lay a higher claim to the
honor of man or the blessing of Heaven than to
seek peace and ensue it. Louis Phillippe may
envy no monument which ever covered human
dust, if it may justly be inscribed on his tombstone
(as has recently been suggested) that while he lived
the peaco of Europe was secure! And, on the other
hand, war, in its proper character, is disgraceful;
and the man or the country which shall wilfully
and wantonly provoke it deserves the execrations
of earth ami Heaven. These, Mr. Speaker, are
t lie general principles which civilization and Chris-
tianity have at length engrafted upon the public
cock of Christendom. If there be exceptions to
them, as I do not deny there are, they are to be
proved specially by those who allege them. Is
there, then, anything in the Oregon controversy,
as it now stands before us, which furnishes an
exception to these general principles?—anything
which would lender a pacific policy discreditable,
or which would invest war with any degree of true
honor? I deny it altogether, I reiterate the propo-
sitions of the resolutions on your table. I main-
tain—
1. That this question, from its very nature, is
peculiarly and eminently one for negotiation, com-
promise, and amicable adjustment.
2. That satisfactory evidence has not yet been
afforded that no compromise which the United
Suites ought to accept can be effected.
3. That, if no other mode of amicable settlement
remains, arbitration ought to be resorted to; and
that this Government cannot relieve itself from its
responsibility to maintain the peace of the country
while arbitration is still untried.
I perceive, sir, that the brief time allowed us in
debate will compel me to deal in the most summary
way with these propositions, and that I must look
to other opportunities for doing full justice either
to them or to myself. Let me hasten, however,
to do them what justice I may.
There are three distinct views in which this
question may be presented as one peculiarly for
negotiation and compromise. In the first place,
there is the character of the subject-matter of the
controversy. Unquestionably there may be rights
and claims not of a nature to admit of compromise,
and as to which there must be absolute and uncon-
ditional relinquishment on one side or the other, or
a conflict is inevitable. I may allude to the im-
pressment of our seamen as an example-—a prac-
tice which could not be renewed by Great Britain
at any moment, or under any circumstances, with-
out producing immediate hostilities. But here we
have as the bone of our contention a vast and va-
cant. territory, thousands of miles distant from both
countries, entirely capable of division, and the
loss of any part—I had almost said of the whole—•
of which would not be of the smallest practical
moment to either of them; a territory the sovei-
cignty of which might remain in abeyance for
half a century longer without serious inconveni-
ence or detriment to anybody, and in refcicnce to
which there is certainly not the slightest prctencc
of a necessity for summary or precipitate action.
We need ports on the Pacific. As to land, we
have millions of acres of better land still unoccu-
pied on this side of the mountains. What a spec-
tacle it would be, in the sight of men and angels,
for the two countries which claim to have made
the greatest advances m civilization and Chnstiam-
ty, and which are bound together by so many ties
of nature and art, of kindred and of commcrce,
each of them with possessions so vast and various,
to be seen engaging in a conflict of brute force for
the immediate and. exclusive occupation of the
whole of Oregon1 The annals of barbarism would
afford no parallel to such a scene!
In the second place, sir, there is the character of
the title to this territory on both sides. I shall at-
tempt no analysis or history of this title. 1 am
certainly not disposed to vindicate the British title;
and as to the American there is nothing to be added
to the successive expositions of the eminent states-
men and diplomatists by whom it has been illus-
trated. But, after all, what a title it is to fight
about! Who can pretend that it is free from "all
difficulty or doubt? Who would take an acre of
land upon such a title as an investment, without
the warranty of something more than the two regi-
ments of riflemen for which your bill provides?
Of what is the title made up? Vague traditions of
settlement, musty records of old voyages, conllict-
ing^ claims of discovery, disputed principles of
public law, acknowledged violations of the rights
of aboriginal occupants—these are elements out of
which our clear and indisputable title is compound-
ed. I declare to you, sir, that as often as I thread
the mazes of this controversy it seems to me to be
a dispute as to the relative rights of two parties to
a territory, to which neither of them has any real
right whatever; and I should hardly blame the
other nations of the world for insisting on coming
in for a scot and lot m thepaitition of it. Certain-
ly, if we should be so false to our character as civ-
ilized nations as to fight about it, the rest of Chris-
tendoni would be justified, if they had the power,
in treating us as we have always treated the savage
tribes of our continent, and turning us both out
altogether.
Why, look at a single fact in the history of this
controversy. In 1818 we thought our title to Or-
egon as clear and as unquestionable as we think it
now. We proposed_ then to divide it with Great
Butsin without the sligntest reference to any third
party in interest. Yet at that very moment Spain
was m possession of those rights of discovery
wluch, since they were transferred to us by the
treaty of Florida, we consider as one of the strong-
