1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
136
Rant at the King of Holland's line not being ac-
cepted by us, that he-declined to take any further
steps on the subject of the Northeastern boun-
dary.
I cannot but regret, Mr. Speaker, that the Presi-
dent, in making up an issue before the civilized
world, upon which he claims to be relieved from
all responsibility which may follow the failure to
settle this question, has omitted all allusion to the
fact that arbitration on this subject of Oregon has
been once solemnly tendered to us by Great. Bri-
tain. I am willing, however, to put the very best
construction.on this omission of.which it is sus-
ceptible, and to believe that the President desired
to leave himself ■still uncommitted upon the point.
"Without some such explanation, it ccrtainly lias
'a most unfortunate and disingenuous look. This
omitted fact is, indeed, enough to turn the scale of
•the public judgment upon the whole issue. Arbi-
tration offered by Great Britain, and persevcring-
ly rejected by us, leaves the responsibility for the
preservation of peace upon our own shoulders.
The Administration cannot escape from the burden
■of that responsibility. And a fearful responsibility
it is, both to man and to God !
Before concluding my remarks, as the clock ad-
monishes me I soon must, I desire to revert to one
«r two points to which I alluded briefly at tile out-
set. I have already declared myself opposed to the
■views of my honorable colleague, [Mr. Adams,]
as to giving the notice to Great Britain. I honest-
ly believe that the termination of that convention
■of .joint occupation (I call it by this name for con-
venience, not peroeiving that it makes any material
difference as to the real questions before us) at this
moment, under existing circumstan«es, and with
the view, which my honorable colleague has ex-
pressed, of following it up by the immediate occu-
pation of the whole of Oregon, would almoin un-
avoidably terminate in war. I see no probable,
and hardly any possible, escape from such a conse-
quence. And to what end are we to involve our
•country in such a calamity? I appeal to my hon-
orable colleague, and to every member on this
floor, to tell me what particular advantage is to be
derived from giving tins notice and terminating
this convention at this precise moment, and 111 ad-
vance of any amicable adjustment,. The honora-
ble member from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soix] has said that this convention is the own child
of my honorable colleague. It has been twice es-
tablished under his auspices, and with the advice
«nd consent of statesmen as patriotic and discrimi-
nating as any who now hold the holm of our Gov-
ernment. What evil has it done ? What evil is it
now doing?
The honorable member from Pennsylvania has
given us a rich description of the rapid influx of
population into that territory. He has presented
us with a lively picture of I know not how many
thousand women and children on their winding
way to this promised land beyond the mountains.
Let them go. God speed them! There is nothing
in the terms of this convention which impedes their
passage, nor anything which prevents us from
throwingover them the protection of a limited Ter-
ritorial Government. I am ready to go as far as
Great Britain has gone in establishing our juris-
diction there; and no interest, either of those who
are going there, or of those who are staying
here, calls on us to go further at present. The best
interests of both parties, on the contrary, forbid
any such proceeding. Gentlemen talk about fol-
lowing up this notice by taking immediate posses-
sion of the territory. This is sooner said than
done. What if Great Britain should happen to get
the start of us in that proceeding? Such a thing
would not be matter of very great astonishment to
those who remember her celerity in such move-
ments, and her power to sustain them when once
made. Where should we be then? Would there '
be no war?
And what would be the consequences of a war
under such circumstances—the consequences not
upon cotton or upon commerce—not upon Boston 1
or Charleston or New York, but what would be
t he consequences so far merely as Oregon itself is !
concerned? The cry is now, " The whoie of Ore-
gon or none," and echo would answer under such
circumstances, " noiu:!" I see not how any man
in his senses can resist the conviction that, what-
ever compensation we might console ourselves
with, by a cut out of Canada, or by the whole of
Canada—under whatever circumstances of success
we might carry on the war in other quarters of the
world or of our continent, the adoption of such a
course would result in the immediate loss of the
j whole of that territory. This, at least, is my own
honest opinion.
As a friend, then, to Oregon, with every dispo-
sition to maintain our just rights to that Territory,
with the most sincere desire to see that Territory
in the possession of such of our own people as de-
sire to occupy it—whether hereafter as an inde-
pendent. nation, as was originally suggested by a
distinguished Senator from" Missouri," [Mr. Ben-
ton,] and more recently by a no less distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] or
as a portion of our own wide-spread and glorious
Republic—I am opposed to the steps which are
now about to be so hotly pursued.
Sir, I feel that I have a right to express some-
thing moie than an ordinary interest in i 11 i> matter.
There is no better element in our title to Oregon
than that which has been contiilmtcd by Boston
enterprise. You may talk about the old navigators
of Spain, and the Florida tieaty, and the settle-
ment at Astoria, and the survey of Lewis and
Clarke, as much as you please, but you all come
back, for your best satisfaction, to " Auld Robin
Gray" in the end. Captain Robert Gray, of 1'os-
ton, in the good ship Columbia, gave you vour
earliest right of foothold upon that soil. I Jiave
seen, within a few months past, the last survivor of
his hardy crew, still living in a green old age, and
exhibiting with a pride a few original sketches of
some of tile scenes of that now memorable voyage.
My constituents feel some pride m their connexion
with the title to this Territory. But in their name
1 protest, against the result of their peaceful enter-
prise being turned to the account of an unnecessary
and destructive war. f protest against the pure
current of the river which they discovered, and to
which their ship has gncn iih noble name, being
wantonly stained with either American or British
blood.
Hut while I am thus opposed to war for Oregon,
or to any measures v.Inch, in my judgment, are
likely to lend to war, I shall withhold no vote from
any measures which the friends of the Administra-
tion may bring fonv ard for the defence of the eoun-
tiy. Whether the bill be for two regiments or for
tw^ity regiments, it shall pass for all me. To the
last file, to the utmost farthing, they shall have
111611 and money for the pablic protection. But the
responsibility for bringing about such a state of
things shall be theirs, and theirs only. They can
preveat it if they please. The peace of the coun-
try and the honor of the country are still entirely
compatible with each other. The Oregon question
is still perfectly susceptible of an amicable adjust-
ment, and 1 rejoice to believe that it may still be
so adjusted. We have had omens of peace in the
other end of the Capitol, if none in this. But if
war comes, the Administration must take the re-
sponsibility for all its guilt and all its disgiacc.
Mr. W. having concluded—
Mr. OWEN said: The House need not appre-
hend that 1 shell trouble them with an hour speech.
I have but aveiy few remarks to make; and I
should not have risen to make even these few, but
for my unwillingness that some of the statements
which have just fallen from a gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] whom we all respect,
should go forth, without explanation or contiadie-
tion.
I come to the main point at once. The, gentle-
man asks: Why should we now give notice of the
termination of what is popularly called the joint
occupancy? Why desire, at this time, to termi-
nate the convention? Or, in fact, where the neces-
sity ever to terminate it? Why not let things re-
main as they are, and proceed to settle the'eoun-
try? I will answer why; and, in so doing, shall
give the reasons that induced me, two years a°o,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J.
Lvgeksoll] has reminded the House, to introduce,
and seek to have passed, the notice in question.
I wished, by the notice, to terminate this con-
vention, because the convention is doing us, day
by day, much harm. The convention is enabling
: Great Britain gradually to obtain all that, by di-
; plomacy, she has sought of us. We offered her
: the latitude of forty-nine as a boundary. She, in
I return, proposed to run that parallel to "the Colum-
j bia, ami then down the centre of that river to the
j Pacific, in latitude about forty-six. This last pro-
I posed would give her the country north of the nver;
and that very country she is, from day to day,
now gradually obtaining, by means of this con-
vention. Is there an American settler now living
north of the Columbia? So far as i know or be-
lieve, not one. I have recently conversed with an
iiitelligentgentleinp.il who has spent some years in
that country; and he informs me that the moment
a citizen of the United States attempts to settle
north of the river—on the British side as they per-
sist in calling it—the Hudson Pay Company—the
East India Company of that region—sees to it
that theynre rnnoved,and caused to emigrate south
i of the stream. How is this done? fcy forcible
| ejectment? Oh no, this agent of the British Go-s-
: ernment has far too much worldly wisdom for that:
I but by gold; by the offer, if it be necessary, of
! largo sums, as an inducement to remove.
Mr. DOUGLASS. hi one case they pulled
down the cabins of a settler north of the Colum-
bia.
Mr. OWEN. On that point I cannot speak";
but this I know, that one American citizen who
had attempted to settle near Vancouver received
eight hundred dollars, to induce Sum to move into
the Wal'emette valley. What is to be the end of
all this ? Why, it must be apparent to ciery one.
Un'ess, indeed, quarrels breed war, settlement ami
public opinion m that country will alike determine
the Columbia as the line, and Great Biitain will
finally bccome the possessor of eveiy foot ninth
of the river.
Are we prepared for this ? Is that strip of coun-
try, as the gentleman from Massachusetts would
intimate, worthless and not worth contending for ?
Sir, I would as soon abandon to Great Britain
e\ ei y foot of Oregon as to cive her up the harl ors
of Paget Sound, lying as they do north of the Co-
lumbia, but south of 49°. Have you remarked,
sir—you must have done so, if you have followed
the course of this question—thnt every proposal
made by Gloat Biilam, officially or unofficially,
is a proposal trhick divests us of Pvgti Sound1
When hard pressed m ]8:2G, they offered to con-
cede a rocky peninsula lying southeast of Cape
[•'lattery, but whollv west of Puget Sound, which
was to be England's. And recently, the Albion
made what, may perhaps be deemed a sort of
semi-official British proposal, namely, to run
down the Columbia to a point some ten or fifteen
miles south of the southern extremity of Puget
Sound, and thence due west to the Pacific; still
leaving Puget Sound to Great Britain. Let the
offers be vaiied as they will, the harbors of Puget
Sound are not to be ours. Sir, the British Gov-
ernment contends not for the useless and the un-
profitable. When they adhere to unreasonable
demands, it is always for something valuable, and
of which they know the'value. They know well
that there is not, from the straits of Fuca clear
down to 49°, a single harbor where a vessel of
two hundred tons burden can ride in safety. They
know that whoever owns these harbors lias the
key to the commeice of the whole country. TJicy
know, that if things are suffered to run on as at
present they will have the maritime control of
Oregon.
Such a consummation never can be permitted
by tiicse States. If, as every one sees mast soon
happen, a great line of communication with China
^ and the East Indies is established through Oregon,
; that line will, in all probability, terminate on the
southern extremity of Fuget Sound, and there
will be the point of embarcation. Needs it more
to prove that Oregon, without Puget Sound, is
almost worthless to us ?
J differ from my friend from Sew Yoik [?dr.
King] in the opinion, that our Government offered
the compromise of forty-nine, with no intention
that it should be accepted. 1 beiieve the offer was
made, as the President has said, ill deference to
the action of his predecessors. I believe the offer
was made, m deference, also, to that which wo
may not despise, the public opinion of the world
—a public opinion which has been mainly formed
on this point by our own concessions and oilers
to compromise. Nor do 1 agree with the gentle-
man from New York, that eveiy man of common
sense must know that Great Butain would iefic-c,
that offer. Every one who has strictly examine i
the subject must, as 1 think, come to the conclu-
sion, that, as a compromise, it is one far more
favorable to Great Britain than she, even oil her
own groundi of jmtension, had a right, to expect.
The gentleman from Massachusetts talks of vague
