138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
gress shall be subject to the following regulations:
When any message, report, or document commu-
nicated to both Houses of Congress, shall be or-
dered to be primed by the Senate, the Secretary
shall ascertain whether the same has been previ-
ously ordered to be printed by the House of Rep-
resentatives; and if so, the copies ordered by the
Senate shall be supplied by the punter of the House
of Representatives, for which there shall be uo
charge for composition; and if any message, re-
port, or document shall be ordered to be printed by
the Hou^e of Representatives, it shall be the duty
of the Clerk to ascertain whether the same has
been previously ordered to be printed by the Sen-
ate-. and if so, the copies ordered by the House
shall be furnished by the printer to the Senate, and
no charge for composition shall be allowed therefor;
and should an additional number of copies of any
such document be ordered by cither House, they
shall be furnished by the printer to the House which
Drst ordered the printing of the document, and for
winch no compensation for composition shall be
allowed: Provided, howevert That if, for the purpose
of despatch, or any other cause, it shall be neces-
sary to fulfil any order for printing; of either House
of any document which had been previously order-
ed to be printed, the Committee on Contingent Ex-
peases of the House making such order, may direct
that such document be again composed, or putmto
type; m winch case composition shall be charged
and allowed: and all printing ordeied by either
House of Congress, when the number of copies
does not exceed five thousand, shall be paid for'at a
late of compensation not exceeding twenty per cen-
tum less than the i tiles fixed and established by the
joint resolution of 1610; and when the number of
copies shall exceed five thousand, thecompensation
shall not exceed thirty-three and one-third per cen-
tum less than the rates allowed by said joint resolu-
tion of 3SID; and when the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses of either House shall direct a sec-
ond composition, to execute any order for print-
ing, the printing shall be done by the printer to the
House nuking such order: and when any order for
printing requires maps or charts, the same shall be
obtained undei the direction of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses of the House making such
order; and all expenses for printing shall be paid
from the contingent fund of the two Houses; each
House paying for the printing oidered by it, except
the expense of composition, which shall be paid
by the House which first ordered the document or
paper to be printed, and if there, shall be second
c imposition, it shall be paid for by the House
w hosr Committee on Contingent Expenses shall
aii!hoii/.e and direct the same; and when extra
copies of any document shall be ordered by both
j louses, aud the same are executed by the same
printer, the copies shall be delivered to the two
t-fnuses simultaneous!v, h) proportion to the whole
mnnber of copies which the Houses have respec-
tively ordered.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 5, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness m order would be the call of the States for such
re* •dutions a^ would not give rise to debate.
Mr. KEXXROY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the joint resolution in
relation to the printing and distribution of the an-
nual estimates of expenditures.
OREfiOX.
Mr. C. J. INGEUSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, moved that the rules of th# 
House be suspended to enable him to make a re-
porf.
At
taken, aud two-thirds
the rules were sus-
d the question heme
voting in the affirmative
peuded. <
The resolution was read, and some difficulty
was suggested as to its form—the words " Senate
concurring," &c.« stand in the place of the usual
words " by the Senate and House of lleprcsenta- ;
tives,"&c. j ]
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, remarking that there Ij
was concurrence enough by the language ot the ,j
resolution, said he was instructed by the Commit- \\
tee on Foreign Affairs to move that it be referred ij
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and that it be made the special order of the
day for the first Monday of February next,
[Cries of " No—no—that is too late, say to-mor-
row."]
The resolution having uudergone some verbal
alteration, had its first aud second reading, in the
following words:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmeriea «t Congress as-
sembled., That the President of the United States
forthwith cause notice to be given to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, that the convention between
the United States and Great Britain, concerning the
Territory of Oregon, of the sixth of August, 1827,
signed at Loudon, shall be annulled and abrogated
twelve months after the expiration of the said term
of notice, confonnably to the second article of the
said convention of the sixth of August, 18^7.
Mr. G, DAVIS, a member of the committee,
now rose and said that he had a report from the
minority of the committee; which, at a proper
time, he was instructed to offer us a substitute for
the report presented by the chairman [Mr. C. .1.
Ingkrsoll] in behalf of the majority. As the re-
port was short, he (Mr. D.) hoped that the House
would so far indulge him as to allow it to be read
at this time.
Alter some unimportant conversation as to the
title of the joint resolution,
Mr. WEiNTWORTH rose and addiessed the
Chiur.
Mr. G. DA VIS claimed the floor: and inquired
for what day it was proposed to make this resolu-
tion the special order.
Tiie SPEAKER explained.
Mr. O. J. INGEUSOLL said he did not wish
to inteiferc with the report of the minority of the
committee.
The SPEAKER said the motion for a special
order was not debatable.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked leave to have the report
of the minority road, before the question was
taken.
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL hoped no objection
would be made.
|Cries from all parts of the House, "Read it,
read it."]
Mr. G. DAVIS then presented a report in be-
half of the minority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs: and, ascending the Clerk's platfoim, lead
it himself, as follows:
The minority of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ask pei mission to report, that the third arti-
cle of the convention between the United States
and Great Britain of October, 181ft, provides:
"That any country that may be claimed by cither
' party on the northwest coast of America west-
4 ward to the Stony mountains, shall, together with
' its harbors, bays, und creeks, and the navigation
'of all rivcis within the same, be free and open,
' for the term often years from the date of the sig-
' natsue of the piesent convention, to the vessels,
' citizens, and subjects of the two Powers," &c.
The convention between the same parties of Au-
gust, lS'JT, in its first article, stipulates: "All
' the provisions of the third article of the conven-
' lion concluded between the United Slates of
' Amenoa and his Majesty the King of the United
' Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the
( yOth of October, 1H18, shall be, and they are hcrc-
' by, further indefinitely extended and continued
' in force, in the same manner as if all the provi-
< sions of the said aiticlc were herein specifically
' recited."
The second article of the latter convention pro-
vides: "it shall be competent, however, to cither
' of the contracting parties, in ea.se either should
< think fit, at any tnnc after the 20th October, 18*28,
' on giving due notice of twelve months to the other
' contracting party, to annul and a'brogate this con-
' vention: and it shall, in such case, be accordingly
< entirely annulled and abrogated, after the expi-
4 ration of the said arm of notice."
In his Message at the beginning of the present
session of Congress, the President states the pur-
port of these articles, and recounts the several
efforts made by our Government to terminate by
negotiation our conflicting claims with England in
the Oregon country; and premising that " all at-
tempts to compromise having failed," concludes:
" Tins notice it would, in my judgment, be proper
' to give; and 1 recommend tliat provision be made
< by law forgiving it accordingly, and terminating,
< m this manner, the convention of the 6th of Au-
* gust, 1827."
The first, and a very grave matter for inquiry is,
whether the President can properly invoke Con-
gress to aid him in giving this notice; and whether
the co-operation of the House—a branch -of the
law-making power, and invested by the Constitu-
tion with no Executive function whatever—can bo
properly united with the President and the Senate
m the act of giving this notice? Cannot the notice
be given witliout the concurrence of the House?
If it can be, would not such an interference be
without the scope of its powers?
The House had no agency in the formation of
ibis convention with England. It is a treaty with
a foreign Government, that was made properly,
and that could only be made by the President and
the Senate. The sanction of the House was never
given to it, nor was this necessary for its full and
complete effect. There are two modes by which
this treaty may be terminated. First, by a decla-
ration of war; secondly, by giving the notice of
twelve months, according to its stipulation. In
the fust mode the conciurence of the House would
be a neccssary constituent; and if the President
had deemed that the best, it would not only htyve
been proper, but indispensable, that he should ask
the co-operation of the House. But what warrant
has the House to act in the other mode of putting
an end to this treaty? The constitution no more
confers upon it any power, or agency, to terminate
a treaty than to make one, except only by a decla-
ration of war, which dissolves all subsisting trea-
ties. The provision for the notice is a part, and
an essential part, of this treaty. The act of giving
the notice is a high discretionary power, created
not by the Constitution, but by the President in
negotiating, and by the Senate in ratifying, a treaty
with such a provision. It is a treaty of indefinite,
but still of temporary continuance. The treaty-
making power might, at any time, with the consent
of Great Britain, modify it, as once has been done.
The same power may at any time put an end to
it; and its existence is but the operating continu-
ous will of this power for that purpose. Its termi-
nation may at any time be effected by the with-
drawal of the same will for its longer existence.
The House may be, and often is, required to exert
appropriate legislative powers in the execution of
treaties; but this notice is not one of that class.
It has no property of a legislative power. It is
executive in its essencc, or it is, in our system, of
the nature of, and incident to, the treaty-making
power, ft is a high discretion, pertaining not to
our internal affairs, but to our relations with a for-
eign Government, created by this treaty-making
power itself, resting with it, and depending upon
its will alone for the exercise. Suppose the Presi-
dent, of himself, had given this notice; would it
have terminated the treaty? Without deciding the
grave problem of the validity and effect of such
notice, no one will hardly doubt that if he had
communicated with the Senate in secret session
upon this subject, and he, \<rith the concurrence of
two-thirds of that body, had given the notice, it
I would have been done properly and constitution-
i ally.
| To give this notice rests properly with the trea-
! ty-making power. The maintenance of all our
j foreign intercourse pertains to the President. He
j negotiates treaties and submits them confidentially
! to the Senate, which approves or rejects them.
; Secret and confidential relations subsist between
S him and the Senate, such as he does not and can-
! not have with the House. A proper judgment
upon the question of this notice might depend
upon a full knowledge, in all its minuteness, of the
existing diplomatic correspondence, pending pro-
positions, verbal or written, and all the relations
between our Government and that of England.
All this information the President might commu-
nicate under the seal of confidence and secrecy to
the Senate. The House would have no right to
demand it of him, and it might be improper for
him to impart it. If he did, the House would be
possessed of it, subject to no inviolability; and yet
secrecy might be very necessary. Suppose, too,
the House should decide against the propriety of
giving this notice, its judgment against that of the
President and the Senate would effect nothing prac-
tically.- He and two-thirds of, that body could give
the notice m defiance of the House; and whatever
way it might act upon the subject, they co.uld con-
