1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
130
stitutionally disregard and overrule. It is then
deemed to be clearly established, that the House
is not a necessary party to give this notice; that it
might, in fact, be given without consulting it, and
against its expressed judgment.
It is not denied that the House might, in the
form of resolution, express its opinion upon the
subject of this notice, or any such public matter
appertaining to the General Government; but these
resolutions would be merely abstract opinions, of
no practical operation, and having no authority but
their moral weight. The House, by its resolution,
might declare that it was expedient or inexpedient
to give this notice; and if in the one form or the
other, the President might or might not give heed
to it. But it has no power to originate, or to con-
cur in a legislative proceeding, whether in the form
of joint resolution or bill to authorise this notice to
be given. It can neither give nor withhold power
to that end.
It is conceded, that the concurrence of the House
in a resolution or bill authorizing this notice
would not in any degree affect its validity. But
its adoption by the two departments of Govern-
ment^in the form of a legislative proceeding, would
transfer it from the treaty-making to the law-
making power, and in this mode'the incidental
but important quest-ion, whether the assent of two-
thirds of the Senate would be necessary, might lie
evaded, it would also tend to break down the par-
tition of our Government among various brunches,
by mixing up the House in an operation which
the Constitution had intrusted to other function-
aries. And why should the House, by a violation
of all propriety in form, and without any effective
authority over the subject, make itself a party to :
this proceeding11 If the notice be expedient and
proper, it has become so without its act. It is j
rendered so by the refusal of the President to '
arbitrate the controversy, and by his closing fur- |
ther negotiation. These were his own acts, about I
which this House had no constitutional right to
interfere. The President asked not its advice or |
interposition in them, whether tlioy be proper or
not. He alone was competent to their perform-
ance, and lie alone ought to beheld responsible;
but if the House thus irregularly unite m author-
izing the notice, it voluntarily assumes and divides
tills icspousibijity ivitJi the President. If the
House distrusted the President in this matter, it
might pass a monitory resolution, operating mor-
ally, to quicken or restrain his action. But it is
his business, not that of the House. In the pres-
ent .state of the question, without expressing an
opinion whether the notice ought or ought not to
be given, and as the solution of that question is
constitutionally for him, or for him acting with
the Senate, the House ought to be content to leave
him to his proper judgment,discretion, and respon-
sibility. Wherefore,
llesolved, That, the question whether a notice to
terminate the convention between the United States
of America and 0rcat Britain, of October, 1818,
and continued in force by the convention of Au-
gust, 1827, ought to be given, is not a matter for
the decision of1 Congress, and upon it this House,
at the present, refrains from the expression of any
opinion.
GARRETT DAVIS.
TRUMAN SMITH.
CALEB B. SMITH.
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. PRICE rose and suggested that the report
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs be made the special order of the day far to-
morrow, instead of the first Monday of February.
Mr. P. proceeded to remark that he thought tins
resolution of notice was the main step in the con-
troversy, and— -
The SPEAKER interposing, said that the ques-
tion of the reference of the report was debatable ; !; prcssiou that it does.
but that the question of making it a special order, '    
inasmuch as it related to priority of business, was
not, under the rule, debatable.
Mr. ix. DAVIS asked that the minority report
might he ordered to he printed with that of the
majority.
[Cries of " Let them all be printed together."]
And no objection being* made, the two reports
were ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then said that the question on
the special order would be taken first on the long-
est time.
Mr, KENNEDY rose and moved to substitute
" to-morrow" for the first Monday in February.
Mr. PRICE inquired whether the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [JVir. C. J. Inger-
sollJ was susceptible of amendment.
The SPEAKER having replied in the affirma-
tive,
Mr. PRICE moved to strike out the first Mon-
day in February, and insert " to-morrow." And
he was proceeding to make a remark, which was
interrupted by cries "to order," and "not debata-
ble."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCHKNCK desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether it was m order to strike out a
particular day and propose a shouer period ?
The SPEAK Ell said that, by the rule, the ques-
tion must fust be taken on the longest time; but
that, to get at the question in a more precise form,
the Chair thought the motion might be amended
by striking; out, and inserting a shorter tune.
Mr. SC11ENCK said that was then defeating
the rule, and getting round it.
The SPEAKER said that, if two or more dis-
tinct periods were nam^d, the Chair would be
compelled to put the question first on the lon^es>t
time.
Mr. SCUENCK said, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingeksoll] had proposed
one day, and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kennedy,] whether by amendment or otherwise,
had proposed another, it could not be proposed
in the way of an amendment, so as to cut olf the
proposition of the gentium.m from Pennsylvania,
for that would be an abrogation of the rule, and, j
being such, w.us not possible to be done. j
After a brief eomeisation, ;
I The SPEAKER njkI ihcit, on deliberation, the
' question on the motion for the longest time would
[ be iirst put.
! Mr. 0. .T. INOERSOLL, Mr. WINTIJROP,
and Mr. T. 13. K1ING, asked for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH desired the Speaker to
state whether, if this leport were committed to the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union, without being made a special order, it
would not be competent for the House, at any
time when it might go into committee, to take up
the subject?
The SPEAKER explained, that the committee
had the power to take up that or any other busi-
ness it might think proper.
Mr. ADAMS rose and said, that he had acci-
dentally not been in his seat at the time this sub-
ject was introduced. He had not heard the reso-
lution now under consideration, and he asked that
it might be read.
And it was accordingly read again.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether the resolution
had been reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The. SPEAKER and Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL
answered affirmatively.
And Mr. ADAMS further inquired whether the
motion for the special order on the first Monday 111
February had been made under the instructions of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, the committee
had so instructed him.
After a suggestion of Mr. DOUGLASS, as to a
numerical error in the resolution,
Mr. G1 DOINGS inquired whether the motion
to refer did not open the whole subject-matter to
discussion ?
The SPEAKER said it did.
Mr. O i l )! J I NCS. To the same extent as a
similar motion opened the merits of the same sub-
ject the other day?
The SPEAK ER. The Cluur is under the im-
Mr. GIDDINGS said, then lie claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. There is one part of this mo-
il tion which will require a •vote of two-thirds, and
jj is not debatable—that which relates to the special
j! order. The motion to commit requires only the
jj vote of a majority, and is debatable.
[I Whereupon Mr. G. addressed the House,
j Mr. GIDDINGS said that, owing to the difiicul-
| tics he had hitherto experienced in obtaining the
j floor, he would avail himself of his present position
| to indicate the considerations that would govern
1 him in voting for the resolution reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoil.]
It is due to myself (continued Mr. G.) to say
that, in a former Congress, I was opposed to ter-
minating the joint-occupancy ; that vote was given
under the circumstances which then surrounded us.
Now wo ore placed under totally different circum-
stances. Since this subject was before us—one
which has been changed in its essential elements,
its fundamental principles—the Union founded by
our fathers has been subverted, and a new slave-
holding State, has been formed which has given
to the southern portion the balance of power, and
subjected the free labor of the North, the dearest
lights of the fiee States, to the tender mercies of a
slave-holding ohgaieliy. They now have the en-
tile direction and administration of the Govern-
ment. The people of the free States have been
politically bound, hand and foot, and delivered
over to the slave-holding interest. And it is now
worse than mockery to talk of maintaining the
manufacturing interests of Pennsylvania and of
Massachusetts. They are now under the tnexoi-
able power of the South. This, then, is our situa-
tion, as we aie all now perfectly conscious. The
j nation, in being brought into tins position, has
' been plunged into it not only without my aid, but
against my will. I have believed, and still believe,
that this policy of acquiring territory must inevit-
ably, if carried out, subvert the Government, and
dissolve the Union.
[Interruptions 011 points of order occurred 011
several occasions durin° Mr. G.'s renuuks. At
tins portion of them Mr. Ciiipman rose, and wis
understood to say that the subject of the disso-
j lution of the Union was irrelevant, and that the
j; discussion was throwing a fire-brand into the
'! House.]
Mr. (J. not being arrested, proceeded. I was
stating- 0111 present situation, and tile liability un-
; derwlneh our Union is placed In lull asuuderViom
I its own weight when this system of extension
j shall be cmncd out. And it is'under these circum-
stances that I am called upon to express my opin-
| ion of tlie pioposed policy. And I am led to the
, conclusion—to the inevitable conclusion—that war,
' with all its honors and lis devastation of public
■morals, is infinitely preferable to a supine, mae-
| tive submission to the slave-holding power that is
j to control this nation if left m its present situa-
; tion.
I wish to be distinctly understood, that I have
seen enough of war to form an opinion of its
effects, its miseries, and the extent of its curse.
Yet, sir, I greatly prefer them, for a few years, to
that quiet apathy which has already subjected us
to a dhange of the Government formed by our
fathers.
The consequence of war to the various parts of
this Union has not escaped my consideiation. ft
must inevitably producc great destruction to the
commercial interests of New England. And hero
j let nie say to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I [Mr. Winthrop,| who, the other day. made so
eloquent an appeal in favor of peace, and -who rep-
resents the commercial interests of that State, that
I fully appreciate his motives and feehngs. Put,
sir, this situation is one of his own choice. He
was among the first distinguished men of th.it State
who gave 111 his adherence to the change of Gov-
ernment^, and the leading men of Boston weie
the first in that folate to dcelare their submission to
(lie now slaveholding confederation with Texas.
This vvss done with a full knowledge of the policy
of extending our territory. That State had dr.
clared her people had no obligation to unite with
Icxas in consequence of any action of Congress
Ulieu held and still hold, that the action of tins
Government impose? no obligation, either political
or moral, to enter into the new confederacy. No,
sir; if she come into it, as she will, it will be the
j choice of our people, mid not from any obligation
i resting upon her by leason of the joint lesolutions
; of Congress, _ But those gentlemen of Massacha-
| setts voluntarily preferred to become a party to
j tins new union. 1 hope they did not intend to «„
J into this new union, intending to stop this poller
I of adding territory to our present confederacy
| ihey could not have desired to remain under the
j despotic sway of the slave power. Tliey must
j have expected that the balance of power was to be
, restored by the addition of territory at the IVoi'tli
to counteibalance Texas. They ought not now
! to oppose the regaining of these rights which have
