140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
been voluntarily surrendered by the North. And
this destruction ol their wealth will be merely
the legitimate consequence of their submission to
the new confederacy. But, sir, the manufactures of
New England, New York, and Pennsylvania, will
be promoted by a war. The agricultural interests
of the West will not be likely to suffer. Indeed,
our principal burden will not be the defence of our-
selves, or the taking of Canada, but the protection
of the South—the weak, helpless, slaveholdmg
South. That portion of the Union must suffer most.
I have seen the horror manifested by southern pa-
pers. The cotton interest must of course suiter.
Slave labor will be depreciated, and slave property
depreciated. But this policy of adding territory to
our original Government, is the offspring of the
South. They have forced it upon the northern
Democracy. Their objects and ends are now an-
swered. Texas is admitted. They have attained
their object, and they now require the party to j
face about—to stop short, and leave the power of j
the nation m their hands. They now see before i
them the black regiments of the West India islands j
landed upon their shores. They now call to mind |
the declarations of British statesmen, that " a war
with the United States will be a war of emancipa-
tion." They now see before them servile insur-
rections, which torment their imaginations. Mur-
der, rapine, and bloodshed, now dance before their
affrighted visions. Well, sir, I say to them, this
is your policy—not mine. You have prepared the
cup, and I will press it to your hps until the very-
dregs shall be drained. Let no one misunderstand
me. Let no one say that I desire a slave insurrec-
tion; but, sir, I doubt not that hundreds of thou-
sands of honest and patiiotic hearts will " laugh at
your calamity, and mock when your fear cometh."
No, sir; should a servile insurrection take place—
should massacre and blood mark the footsteps of
those who have for ages been oppressed—my
prayer to God shall be that justice—stern, unyield-
ing, and un alterable justice—may be awarded to the
master and to the slave. Then, sir, we shall have
the scenes of 1789 again acted over, when South
Carolina sent to the (Continental Congress a dele-
gation to inform that body that it required all her
troops to protect her people against her slaves;
and that that chivalrous Suite must depend on her
northern sisters for troops to defend her against the
common enemy. Thus, sir, the people of Ohio go
to the South—to Alabama, South Carolina, Missis-
sippi, and Texas—to protect them from the eman-
cipated slaves of the West Indies. Sir, our sons
must go there and bare there breasts in defence
of the slaveholdmg institutions of these States.
Thus, sir, i he people of the JNoi th will be compelled
to look this institution in the face. They will see
the degradation to whi< h they have bccome sub-
jected by this new slaveholdmg confederacy.
And, sir, no twelve hundred thousand dollars will
be likely to be paid to southern slaveholders by
the British Government for the purpose of obtain-
ing peace.
But there is one vast and important consideration
that ought not to escape my notice. A war with
England m the present state of the two nations, j
must inevitably place in our possession the Cana- 1
das, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick. Six States |
will be added to the northern portion of the Union,
to restore the balance of power to the free States. |
This, Mr. Speaker, is the policy declared by the
party now controlling; the nation, at their Baltimore :
Convention. I say to them, carry ought that pol- ||
icy. 1 demand of them not to leave the nation m ;j
its present stale of subjugation to the South. I
will vote to give them the means of doing so. But, ;
sir, I am bound to say that 1 believe the northern ,■
Demociaev to have been betrayed. Then south- j)
em slaveholdmg allies will now desert them. We 'j
see, them m every part of this Hall begging ami be- m
seedling Whigs and Democrats to save them from ,\
this dread policy which is to prostrate southern m- j
terests, and involve them m blood and massacre. :
A master-spirit of southern institutions has left j
his retirement, and taken his position m the other j
end of this Capitol, with the open and avowed pur- ;
pose of defeating the identical policy which occu- j
cupied his gigantic intellect only twelve months j
since.
Sir, should the measure be carried through Con- ,
gress, I say to northern Democrats, that the Ex- ;
ecutive will save the institutions of the South lrom j
the apprehended danger of a war with England, j
Yes, sir, I verily believe that he will surrender up \
all that portion of Oregon lying north of the forty-
ninth parallel. Yes, gentlemen, be assured he will
do it; and in my opinion he will effect it before
the day proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs for discussing this reso-
lution. Let no man misapprehend or misrepre-
sent me. I say this policy is not mine. I have
at all times opposed it. 1 em still convmccd that
its consequences are destructive to our Govern-
ment. But it has been forced upon us, and those
who have adopted it are responsible. I wash my
hands of all participation in it, but 1 prefer that
they should carry it out.
Mr. McDOWELL commenced by remarking
j upon the extreme embarrassment with which lie
| always rose to address this House, and more espe-
; cially upon the present occasion, when a subjcct so
1 important as this was under consideration. Need
he say this was an important subject? Cast your
eye around the, galleries of this House, he said,
and the fixed attention and earnestness there dis-
played showed that there, too, it was felt to be im-
portant. It was a subject that to-day was agitating
i the whole public mind of the country, from its
; centre to its circumference; and the people of this
; country were looking with intense anxiety to the
action of this House on this all-impoitant subject;
i and in the decision of thia question by the Congress
j of the United .Suites, as an humble representative
' from the great Mississippi valley, standing between
, the eastern Atlantic slope and the great country
about which they were discussing here, if the great
il Being, the author of all existence, should give him
j breath, and permit him to live long enough to cast
j his vote in this House, he should lie found on the
j side of American rights, whether there be war, or
| whether there be no war. He recollected it was
; said last winter—during the discussion of one of the
most important subjects that overcame before an
; Ameiican Congress—that the annexation of Texas
[ was an issue \\ hich had been made by the Balti-
j more Convention; that it had been submitted to
! the intelligent freemen of the United States, and
] that they had decided in favor of that annexation.
| The f< lends of thai measure from the South called
I upon their representati\ es from the North, who had
| submitted that subject to their constituents, to coine
I forward and re.spond to their appeals. They did
l conic forward and respond to them. They of the
; North stood by their Southern brethren at that im~
< poitant crisis. He saw around him a number of
j that gallant band who had bared their bosoms here,
and had stood by that little standard of one star,
i and had brought il safely into the galaxy of these
| United States; and m relation to this important
j matter, he had had the honorof casting his vote for
; the lesohition for the annexation of Texas. That
; impoitant isAue had been decided on by the people
! of the United States; and they, as their representa-
j lives, a few days ago, had consummated this most
; important act of Congress. It was one of the most
I splendid moves on the political chess-board that
j this country had ever earned into execution—cx-
j ecpt perhaps the annexation of Louisiana—amove
1 which completely checkmated that nation who had
i been riding triumphant in every sea, and which
! was so indefatigable in its efforts to maintain the
| commercial supremacy of the world.
! Now, was that the only issue v/hich was decided
1 by the American people in the contest of 1844?
'No; the question they were now discussing was
hung out upon the banners of the Democratic
! party, and the people at that election pronounced
j in favor of Oregon as well as of Texas; and the
! people now called upon their representatives to
| consummate the decision they had made on the
■ subject. And was there any gentleman from the
! South or from the Noith, who belonged to the great
i Democratic family, who intended on this occasion
! to falter in carrying out ibis important measure—
! in executing the high behests of the people? God
, itrant that the history of the country might never
, be blackened by such an act, to be handed down
. to posterity.
| lie was surprised at the remarks which had fall-
; en from his colleague, [Mr. Gmpmcs.] In one
j breath the gentleman had declared that the notice
j to Great Butam would be inevitable war, and in
I the next breath that theie would be no war, and
' that he would vote for the notice.
Mr. GIDDINGS (Mr. MeD. yielding-for expla-
nation) said he had stated that the policy adopted
by the present Administration, if carried out, would
lead to the inevitable separation of this Government
and the Union, and to war. But he had subse-
quently stated that that policy would not be car-
ried out; that his colleague and his associates had
been betrayed,.and would be betrayed; that the
Executive would not permit them to carry it out,
and that the consequence of that would be that
there would be no war.
Mr. MeDOWELL, resuming, said he hoped
their southern friends were not prepared to make
any league with the party to which the gentleman
from Ohio was attached. He hoped that they
were not to be cajoled into this measure because of
his colleague's prediction that, m case of a war,
a regiment or two from the West Indies would
overrun their plantations. When that day ar-
rived—when the British flag was unfurled upon
our southern borders, and waved over a regiment
of blacks—he told them there would be thousands
of northern hearts, beating with sensations of
patriotism, ready to rush to the rescue, and com-
pel them to strike that flag, and to surround and
defend the standard of the country against any and
every foe.
What was the question now presented to this
House ? That thejy should decide upon our title to
Oregon? No. He would not do that subject the
injustice of attempting to discuss it for a moment
at this time. He held in his hand an argument
wholly unanswerable—the last letter of the Secre-
tary of State on this subject—a document which
was characterized by more ability than any which
had fallen from the hands of any Secretary before.
That argument was conclusive, and was such as
would vindicate our title before any intelligent
body. The title was not now to be discussed;
but the question which was now fairly before them
was of a different character. It was, first, have
we ever had the right of possession? and have we,
in any way, transferred that possession to Great
Britain, or to her serfs? And, if so, what shall be
the policy to be adopted by this Congress for up-
rooting the jurisdiction of the British Government
over that territory ? These questions he proposed
to discuss a few moments.
Now, in order to ascertain what our position is
on this subject, it was necessary to look back to a
few incidents in history, to see whether we ever
had possession of this territory. We learn from
the letter of the Secretary of State that we had ex-
clusive possession of that country before the de-
claration of war with Great Britain in 1812. We
learned, furthermore, that Great Britain laid vio-
lent hands on that territory, and wrested it from us
during that war. Has that possession been re-
stored by any act of Great Britain? One of the
first provisions of the treaty of Ghent was, that all
territories taken by either nation from the other
nation should be immediately restored; and, 111 ac-
cordance with an order of that Government from
George III., the possession of that country was
delivered back to the United States in 1818. If it
was, then, delivered by Great Britain to this Gov-
ernment, had there been any subsequent acts on
the part of this Government which had divested us
of this title? There was no pretence that there
had been any such act, unless it could be pointed
out in this convention (of 1818) of joint occupancy,
or whatever it might be, which was made about
two weeks after the surrender of that territory to
the United States, in England, by her accredited
Minister. [Mr. McD read from the convention of
1818.] Did any gentleman, he asked, say that the
right of possession, or that possession itself, was
conveyed to Great Britain or her subjects by this
convention ? Certainly not. It was a mere trans-
fer of individual rights to citizens of Great Britain,
to enter that territory, to fish there, to trade with
the Indians, and to leave the territory, at pleasure.
He insisted, then, that the rights conveyed were
merely individual rights, and that we never, in that
convention, parted for a moment with the right of
possession, or with possession itself. If that po-
sition was correet, how did we stand in relation to
Great Britain? Were we precluded by the terms
of that convention from throwing our jurisdiction
over that territory at once ?—from organizing.a gov-
ernment at once to protect our citizens and the soil
of that territory ? He denied that we were. We
never could violate any part of it, unless we should
prohibit the citizens of Great Britain from the in-
dividual rights granted them, such as trading in
that country, and navigating; its waters. Then, he
asked, whether it was not competent for this Gov-
ernment to take possession of this territory, to ex-
