1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
ercise all the rights of ownership over it, so far as
is necessary for the protection of our citizens and
our soil, provided it did not interfere with the in-
dividual rights conferred upon subjects of Great
Britain under that convention? Undoubtedly it
was ; for there was no principle better established
by international law than that where a Government
takes possession of a country, there it has empire,
sovereignty, and the domain, when the country
has not been pre-occupied by another Power.
If, then, the possession is with us, were we pro-
hibited from the establishment of a Government
over Oregon for the protection of our citizens and
the security of our soil ? We were not. The ques-
tion then arose, what was the best mode for the
United States to pursue on this subject? Should
we give the notice under the present circumstances,
or proceed to the exercise of our rights over that
territory without the notice? That was the ques-
tion for us "to decide. During the last session of
Congress he had voted against the notice; and he
held in his hand the record of the names who voted
in the same manner, among which were the names
of almost every member of the "Democratic party
from the State of Ohio, and a large majority of the
representatives frotn the South; and yet he found
for the bill, after the notice had been incorporated
in it, the votes of almost all his colleagues, and all
the southern Democrats, except three or four.
He said, then, this was a question of expediency.
They were to settle whether they were bound to
give notice to Great Britain that we intended to
take possession of that territory, and whether it
should be by an abrogation of that convention or
not. He held that, by taking possession without
the notice, and by exercising the legitimate rights
of this Government pertaining to the soil and to
our citizens, wo should not interfere with the rights
of British subjects, and that it could be done with-
out offence; and that hereafter notice could be as
well given to Great Britain that the joint occu-
pancy, or whatever it was, should cease, lie \v as
not here to stickle 011 this point; he was hereto
represent the wishes of the people—of his own
constituents; he saw by the. papers recently that a
meeting of a large number of the citizens of his
State had passed resolutions in favor of the giving
the notice. That being their wish, (and he hold-
ing to the right of instructions,) and that being
the wish of the President of the United States, for
whose opinion he had the greatest respect, and for
whose judgment he had the highest regard, he was
willing to surrender his humble opinion, and to
carry out the wishes of the country. Whatever
might be the fate of this notice, he should take the
responsibility of carrying out what he believed to
be the wishes of his constituents, in voting for it.
Some gentlemen said it would be a very unwise
policy 011 the part of this Government to give the
notice when that notice must result in war. He
did not pretend to say what would be the conse-
quences of this act. He did not pretend to say
what course of action the British Government
would see fit to pursue if the notice were given,
but certainly in itself it would not be casus belli.
But when we saw the course that Government had
taken; that her subjects had erected fortifications,
and that they had certainly taken possession of
that country; if, at the end of the twelve months'
notice, by which we would say that the rights ex-
ercised over that country should be exercised no
longer, war was to come—let it comc; and the mo-
ment our fhig was planted on the mountains of
Oregon, that moment there were thousands of our
citizens who would rise in their strength and re-
sist that Power, and stand for the defence of our
rights.
Some gentlemen in this House talked still about
the treaty, and about negotiation. What did our
Secretary say for himself? [Mr. McD. here read
an extract from the closing correspondence of(;
Mr. Buchanan with Mr. Pakenham.] Now, he "
submitted, has .not the President of the United
Suites done all he can do for the purpose of peace-
fully settling this question? Had not the course
pursued by the agent of Great Britain here—who
undoubtedly represented her truly—shown that
nothing less than the whole territory would answer
her purpose? Were they here to recommend to
the President of the United States to make a
further offer of territory ? No; all had been done
upon the subject that ought to be done; and, as
one of the humble representatives of the people of
the great West on this floor, he raised his hand in
the presence of Almighty God, protesting against
any further offers on the part of this Govern-
ment.
There was another very important question
which hiight arise in reference to this negotiation
before the Congress of the United States. For
one, he entertained doubts, and honest doubts,
whether the President of the United States, and
the Senate of the United States, had the power to
transfer our territory and our citizens, with their
allegiance, to another Government, contrary to
their wishes. It would be an exorcise of power
which would be disastrous to the liberties of our
country, and to which he never could give his
assent, so long as his heart beat with the warm
emotions of liberty which God had given him.
Negotiation! He had rather make that territory
the grave of his fellow-citizens, and color its soil
with their blood, than to surrender one inch of our
soil to the British Government, and by that sur-
render, forever seal our own infamy.
But it was said by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wintiirop,] that we were charged
by some Governments with a lust for acquisition;
that Great Britain charged us with a desire to ac-
quire territory improperly. He proposed to read
from the Democratic Review a few remarks, taken
from the British papers, pertaining to the action
of their own Government in this matter; and to
which, calling the attention of the gentleman, he
would ask him whether that Government was the
proper Government to read us lessons of propriety
any of molality. Mr. McD. read the following;
" 4 In India we (the British) shall be impelled,
4 irresistibly, to extend our dominions, till we have
4 reached the ■natural limits of the empire, where the
4 impulse of conquest will ceasc of itself.'
" We are further told that—
"'Growth is now, and must for some time,
4 continue to be the normal state of our (England's)
' existence in the East.'
" In accordance with which doctrine, we (Ame-
4 licans) might well ask . What are those natural
( limits of the United States, where the impulse of
4 annexation will cease of itself15 Is not growth
4 the normal state, also, of the Federal Union ?
"And another of those, who, as KnglUhmen,
4 rcgnrd with such holy horror the ambition of the
£ United States, proceeds, as counsellor of the East
4 India Company, to hold the following language :
" ' The pear hangs mellow on the tree, read y to
4 be shaken down. So the fate of the Punjaub is
4 sealed. It is to be taken into subsidiary alli-
' ance, and to follow the steps of Hyderabad, and
4 Oude, and Gwalior,and some scorc other British
4 allies and tributaries, if so they are to be called.
4 Of course the necessity of this movement is un-
4 deniable. A state which cannot govern itself must
£ be governed by its neighbors, for the interests
4 of humanity are at stake. Without an efficient
4 government, a territory soon becomes a public
1 nuisance, the harbor of disaffection and outrage,
4 the focus of intrigue, the nursery of revolutions
4 and wars. It is enough that a territory is in so
4 disordeily a condition as to entail on its neigh-
4 bora the necessity of continual, inconvenient, and
4 expensive precautions. It is enough that it in-
4 volves a more oppressive police, a large standing
4 army, or any other interference with the hber-
4 ties and immunities of peace. Such is the slate
4 of all that region enclosed within the Upper Indus
' and its tributaries. Bloody revolutions, an m-
4 solent and rebellious soldiery, a ruined and dis-
4 traded people, keep northern India m perpetual
4 alarm. Self-preservation compels the neighbors
4 to abate the nuisance. Such is the necessity, if
4 not the duty, which now devolves on that gi cat
! 4 power, which Providence has made the centre of
1 4 unity and source of order to the whole peninsula.
' 4 Britain, which now holds thr sceptre successively
4 wielded by so many barbarous conquerors, is the
4 pacifier, the unitcr, in a word, the supreme Gov-
4 ernor of Iimdostan.'
And thisGovernment (continuedMr. McD.) was
to carp at us about the extension of terntory! This
Government was to place herself in the great moral
chair of the nations, to lecture Russia upon her
cruelties to Circassia, France upon her barbarities
towards the Algcrincs, the United States upon the
acquisition of Texas and the extension of her slave-
ry system, while at the same moment she was to
wrest from Central America the Mosquito shores,
lay hold of Borneo, and to cut to pieces the atmy of
Gwalior, to seize Chusan, and to invade Punjaub:
thus completing her conquest of the wjiole of Hm-
dostan, and literally adopting the principlesavowed
by Sir Robert Peel, that " political morality is a
matter of geography.'5 And we were to take les-
sons of morality from such a country!—a country
which talked about religion and morality when her
I skirts were literally reeking with the blood of the
oppressed and down-trodden of her own country.
It seemed to him that the time for negotiation—
that the time for inaction had passed; that the ex-
posed condition of our seacoast East, West, North j
and South, and that the threatening posture of our
affairs, called upon us to place our country in a state
of defence. He asked of those who talked of peace
when there was no peace, when all the clouds of
war were thickening around us, when we weie
standing on the brink of a political volcano that
is to convulse the nations of the civilized world,
and whose result was to be the conflict of sys-
tems and of Governments which were to mould
their destinies for centuries—is it a time to be
talking about peace and about negotiations, and
to be wasting our time in inaction, and without
moving for preparation to meet whatever contin-
gencies maybe/all ns ? It had been beautifully
remarked, that the systems of Government in the
moral world are very much like the system that
governs the planetary world. In some extent, it is
true, (saidMr. McD.;) they differ only in this: that
though the orbits of nations in the former were
as variant, they were not unchangeable. England
has no fixed orbit in which to revolve; her revolu-
tions in the last century have had a higher power
j of expansion, and in the ratio of the correspond-
[ ent diminution in the spheres of the governments
I whose orbits arc contiguous to hers, and where
i political and commercial vitality is literally ah-
j sorbed in the increase of her power. Who ever
1 dreamed, when the East India Company was iu-
i corporated, that now, in the nineteenth century,
| it would be wielding imperial power over the
f whole of Hindostan, comprising one hundred and
I fifty millions of inhabitants ? Who could read the
j history of the ciuelties, and of the conquests of
[ that company, without having his hcait filled with
' indignation ? The history of the Hudson Bay
I Company bears a very striking analogy to that of
I the East India Company. If we looked back to
I its crcation, in the reign of Charles II., and looked
! at its constant and gradual usurpations and pro-
gress to the present, who could help saying that
its policy, as an engine of the British Government,
was a grasping policy? That-whenever it com-
mitted an act contrary to the laws of the country,
Great Britain denied her hand in it; but when-
ever it gets possession of a country, by whatever
means, she sets her foot upon it, and claims it as
her territory? That company was confined origi-
nally to the waters that run into Hudson's Bay.
Where were they now? They had extended them-
selves into the broad region of the Oregon on the
Pacific, and there they had reared their fortifica-
tions, and flung out their flag, and were contesting
this day for empire, backed by their Government!
And yet we talked about treaty!—about further
negotiation !—when every day she is planting her
foot more firmly on our soil, and hurling defiance
at our Government. Is the American heart dead
(asked Mr. McD.) that pulsated nobly in the war
of the Revolution, and in the last war?" Is it dead?
Have we no regaid to the liberties of our country?
Will we permit ourselves to stand by and see that
country, or any portion of it, wrested from us, and
offer no resistance? He was glad to hear a voice
the other day from an aged man in this House,
[Mr. Adams,] who had lived far back in the eigh-
teenth century, responding to the declaration that
all of Oregon is ouis. He was one of the noble
j band who had watched over this. Government in
| its early years, and who had added lustre to its
j history; he was one of the last of those glorious
' constellations whose lioht had added a glory to our
country which was reflected to other continents,
and had lit up the hearts of their subjects to a just
appreciation of liberty; and although time had pal-
sied his arm—although the spray of the political
Jordan still ruled on his locks—thank God ! his
heart still beat with the pulsations of liberty. And
i he (Mr. McD.) hoped that his feeling would be
imparted to this House, and to every individual in
i this whole country, and that we all should be
: Americans in feeling and in action upon this sub-
jject.
; He fancied he could hear the voice going out in
