142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
thunder tones, responding- to that sentiment in re-
lation to the whole of Oregon; he fancied lie could i
witness the throbbing of the heart of that young-
giant, and that he could see the clouds gathering on j
its brow, which would frown down forever the man I
or the party who would oppose the vindication of }
our claim to the whole of Oregon. The West asks !
nothing of this Government but what is right; she j
will rcccivc nothing that is wiong. She offers the ■
breasts of her sons as a noble, a living—he had '
nlmosf said undying—bulwark against the attacks !
and the usurpations of any power on earth. She ,
asks the liberty of bearing aloft the colors of our ]
country, and of planting- them proudly on the j
shores of the Pacific. "She asks that that flag '
phail wave in triumph till liberty and Christianity '
shall have eucjrclcd the earth, and have moulded .
ihc opinions and the principles of men into love to
(Jod and univtisal love to man. Will you grant
jf ' (nskai Air. McD.) Will you say that Oregon
s-h.dl be ours, or not? lie should deprecate the
vote of this body that should say that this subject
is to be left open for future negotiation. He re-
peated, "millions for defence—not one cent for
tribute."
Mr. MeD. having concluded— j
Mr. RHETT obtained the floor. He remarked
that the gentleman from Ohio, who had just taken 1
his seat, had said that the Baltimore Ooirvention 1
determined m favor of Texas and Oregon; and
that any man who should fail to -vote for the notice ,
of the discontinuance of the ticaty of 1827, would ,
be put into the black category of those who should
lie condemned to eternal disgrace and infamy.
Mr. McDOWKLL (Mr. il. yielding for expla- 1
nation) said he had made no such charge. He had
spoken only of those who would vote against a
bill for the iikmg possession of the whole of Ore-
gon. J-Jc would be the last man to make any such ,
insinuation against any southern man. '
Mr. KHKTT, resuming, said lie was exceed-'
3111;Iy happy to heai the explanation of the hunor- ■
o'jle gentleman. The gentleman ought to be the 1
last to make any such charge, because lie voted ■
villi him (Mr. it.) against this noii v at the very
last session of Congiess. At that time this ques-
tion of notice had arisen, having been introduced ;
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owiux.j Jl '
hud been referred to the Committee on Foreign Af- '!
fairs, of which he (Mr. It.) was a member; but
the committee had reported against it. The Com- i
nnitee on the Terntoru s, of \\ iiich the honorable 1
Governor of Tennessee was then Chairman, had
reported a bill to this ilouk,c, and that notice was i
not m it. H ow did it g( t there - 'i'lie honorable
gentleman from \ins5Mchu>etts [Air. Aduis] had
moved to inset t it. and at the dose of the debate it :
was inserted; and he held the recotd of the yeas
and navs, by which the bill was cairn d, and m la-
\or of which almost every southern and western
man had voted. Among them was the name of ,
the Speaker, of the gentleman from Illinois, [Air. ;
Wentwortii,] of the gentleman from Alissouu, ,
[Air. Bowlix,] and many otheis, who had all \o- •
t .d agamst this notice. And now was the gentle- ■,
m-m from Ohio to n^e on this floor and taunt them ,
onout it, and make an issue whether they weie ,
faithful to their party and to the Union ? He was |
e.lad, however, that the gentleman abandoned that >
ground. He (Mr. 11.) stood precisely in the same
position at the present time that he had occupied at ,
the last session, lie had then voted in the Com- ;
mitteeon Foreign Affairs against giving the notie, ,
ail.I had voted m the liouso against it. It was
hue he voted foi the bill with the notice m it,as ■
did the gentleman ftom Ohio; because there were |
other things in the bill sufficient to cany it, and
I ecouse they were told that any evils it suiting from
jl would h<- arrested m the Senate. Under these ■
i ir.nmstances he had voted for the bill with the
gentleman from Ohio, and many others who, like
Juui. had at the same time "voted against tne notice. •
And he now stood where he then was; Ins opinion
had not changed. And now let them see whether ,
there was anything m the present circumstances
which should induce them to vote tor it. lhis
whole question was simply whethei we should ,
give the notice or not. There v  is no dissent on ;
this floor concerning the othei measures winch the ,
Piexidcnt had recommended. A lull meorpoiafmg >
all the other matters he believed, would pass this
House with unanimity. The only difference was |
concerning this notice. Shall it be given i And t
that being the case, he took H, when this conven-
, tion had been in force for twenty-odd years, during
; which the honor of the eoiuitiy had not been lm-
' paired, by no less than iivc dilferent Administra-
\ tions, that it was incumbent upon those who say
1 the notice should be given, to say why it should
\ be given, and not to satisfy themselves with de-
f claiming about war, and about Great Britain's ag-
' grandizement, It was a question of interest, of
! policy, that they were to settle.
i Now, to begin, what object had we in doing so?
1 The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
I had answered this question. He thought the Pres-
ident of the United States had answered it when
he said we cannot gain exclusive jurisdiction un-
less we give the notice. The object, therefore,
must be, to take exclusive jurisdiction of Oregon,
as the gentleman says, and on which he thinks the
patriotism of certain men on this floor implicated.
But if we begin by giving this notice, and passing
the series of measmes necessary to gam exclusive
jurisdiction, he supposed the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. McDowell,] or the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Air. Adams,] or the gentlemen fiom
Pennsylvania, [Air. C. J . lxmnisoix and Mr. L)ar-
RAoir,] would not halt in carrying them out. But
how was it to be done5 There wis hut one way:
by pulling down the cross of St. George upon the
thirty-odd forts Great Britain had in that terri-
loryi and by turning every Englishman out of it,
unless he will swear allegiance to us. That was
ilie only way ni which we could take exclusive
possession of it. Now, was that peace or not?
lie wished to understand gentlemen, and what we
were to do. According to his humble apprehen-
sion, it Wits war—plain, unequivocal war. Mow,
it seems to him that that would be the effect, the
inevitable oiled, of giving this notice.
What position (said Mr. It.) will it put us m?
We shall leave our delensn e position,and take up
the aggressive position. Great Britain may then
tell us to come on—that she will act on the defen-
sive, and content herself with maintaining her
own position. JShe will put upon youfhe burden
of waging an u^iiMwdvc wnr. Now, sir, in ail
the contests m which the United Slates engage, it
is important that she should act defensively, and
that h< r course should be jus!, not only m her
own eves, but those of the ci\jhzed world. Our
institutions are based on the best, not on the worst
principles; they are based on truth, and justice,
and right. Thai was the basis of Republican Gov-
ernments, while others were founded upon fraud
and force. If we should put ourselves in the at-
titude of those nations who cany on wais of ag-
pe^sion, the last refuge of liberty that was left
among the nations of the earth would be forever
lost. We must have strong and imperious rea-
sons to justify us in entering upon any war, still
more an aggressive war. What reasons have
been oflcied for a cour.se of measures which may
lend to war? Has Great Britain, since 1827, vio-
lated any of our rights.' lias she injured any of
our citizens in their persons or property? Is she
making any more progicss m the setilement and
occupation' of the territory than wc are? On the
contrary, we are in as good a position under the
treaty as Great Britain is, and may enjoy all the
advantages which the country otf'eis to the enter-
prise of our citizens. AV^c are in a better position,
m fact, than Great Britain is; at least in one re-
spect. Until within the last five years, Great
Britain had more advantages over us m the terri-
tory; for she was making settlements, and cairy-
mg on trade with the Indians, while we were inert.
But the case was now "very difteicnt, ond the terms
of the convention were operating against Great
Britain, and in our favor. Within the last five
years the tide of emigration had begun to roil
steadily, and with daily increasing stiength, from
the Western States to the TetrUory of Oregon.
Our people wen going there in troops; and jt had
been stated that wc already had a population of
seven thousand m the territory, who were settled,
and engaged m agricultural pursuits and trade.
1 By this process of emigration and settlement we
1 ate obtaining possession of the country—obtaining
it quietly, peaceably, and effectively. When wc
! have become numerous and strong in Oregon, it
would be time enough for us to wish to terminate
I the convention. If Great Britain should now move
i m the matter, and say that the convention was op-
1 eratmg injuriously to her interests, it would not
I be so surprising.
I We might say that, if we permit it to continue,
it must soon give you the empire dver the whole
country. There would be some reason in thi«.
But what reason .have we to terminate a treaty
that was working us manifest good, and no evil?
But he would here take an opportunity to refer
to one reason which had been adduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen,] who had
spoken so eloquently on this subject a few days
ago. That gentleman had given us a reason why
the convention should be terminated, and he [Mr.
IUiett] felt bound to notice it, and give it all the
consideration that was due to it. That gentleman
had said that our people could not settle north of
the Columbia river, and that we had not a solitary
settler there; that all our people went down the
valley or somewhere, and left the British settle-
ments north of the Columbia. But why did they
leave that region? Not because they were driven
away by force, but because the British bought
them out. British gold, said the gentleman, was
the means of inducing them to part with their set-
tlements and improvements north of the Colum-
bia. The gentleman mentioned, as the hardest
case that had occurrcd, that one man, who had
built a cabin north of the Columbia, had sold out
to the British Company for eight hundred dollars.
That this poor frontier adventurer should so easily
acquire such a fund in cash was deemed so intol-
erable a hardship that, to prevent its recurrence,
we must now, at all hazards, terminate this con-
vention of joint occupancy. This was the gentle-
man 's reason for giving the notice; but, in another
portion of his remarks, he took a position which
destroyed it. Wo must give the notice, not only
because wc cannot go over the river, but because
wc do go over it. These were the only reasons
that he had heard why we should give the notice.
But we will suppose the convention to be ope-
rating injuriously upon our own interests: how
can wc improve our condition there? How can
we gam Oregon by giving this notice? He would
ask gentlemen to answer this question. Would
the notice give you exclusive and entire posses-
sion of Oregon? How will it effect this? We say
your project is impracticable and absurd. How
can you get it by this notice? Suppose it to lead
to a war~^~a war for the maintenance of your exclu-
sive possession of the territory—would that give
it to you? After the first gun was fired, you would
have no more of Oregon. The people of that re-
gion, if they had any good sense, would soon patch
up a peace between themselves. They woidtd not
fight about it; they would have nothing to do with
the conflict; they would leave the United States
and Great Britain to fight it out, and carry on the
war, not only for Oregon, but, as the gentleman
from Illinois had intimated, for Canada, Labra-
dor, Nova 7>embla, and any region that might be-
come the object or scene of contention. You
must fight in every region of the world wherever
Biittsh commerce extends, and British power is
felt, and British strength is accumulated. You
must humble the British hon in the dust; you must
tear down the pillars which support the vast struc-
ture of the British empire—the most magnificent
that the world ever beheld; and when you have
placed your foot upon the necks of her subjects—
when you have trampled upon her flag which is
unfurled in every part of tlie earth—then, and not
before, you will get Oregon. Does any man here
doubt the spirit of the British people any more
than that of our own people, who are descended of
a common stock, and partake of the same blood?
Does any one believe that we can get Oregon with-
out first achieving the utter destruction of the Brit-
ish empire ?
The Duke of Wellington had well said that a
war between the United States and Great Britain
would not be a little war. It would be a mighty
j war—one of the most desperate that ever occurred
; in the world. But gentlemen said it was expedient
j to have a war with Great Britain, because it would
! be a war between systems of Government—a war
' in behalf of republican institutions against the
| monarchical systems of the Old World—a war in
| which libei ty was to stand on one side and arbi-
| trary power on the other. If, sir, (said Mr. It.,)
' wc are to get into a war with England, she would
! be very glad, no doubt, to have the opportunity of
i impressing the belief tipon all the Governments of
j Europe, that we waged the war hot for territory,
j but for the purpose of putting down all forms of
;i Government except our own; that we are making
i I a war of fraternity, a war for spreading our peculiar
