148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
tleman seemed to attach quite too little value and
importance lo the, title of any sort which we held
to this country of Oregon. Again recurring to the
language of Mr. Webster, he commended its clear-
ness and precision; and avowed his hearty acqui-
escence in the position assumed, that an American
ship was to be considered, in the view of interna-
tional law, as a portion of the American territory.
When Captain Gray trod the deck of his ship,
having the American colors at his mast-head, what-
ever new river or territory he discovered, wets dis-
covered for us—the people of the United States;
and Mr. II. congratulated the people and the State
of Massachusetts on the fact that one of her native-
born sons bad, by his enterpiise, added so much
splendor to the rccords of early discovery on this
continent. Honored be the name of Gray! Mr.
H. was prepared to stand by the title of which he
had furnished so valuable an elenjent. In regard
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. H. could
with entire truth say, that he greatly admired his
spirit and bearing. On most points they entirely
agreed; but he could not consent with the gentle-
man in any degree to disparage our title, because
it was to be set against that of a powerful and im-
pel ions nation. Mr. II. would not yield a tittle
of it. The gentleman talked slightingly about mus-
ty records. Mr. H. did not share in this feeling;
he reverenced musty records, and held them as
precious. With a musty record he could upturn
the whole face of human society. With the musty
record of Magna Charta in his hand, he could revo-
lutionize the face of Europe, could he present it
to the minds of her population. He trusted that,
should the dust of age and of neglect ever gather
on the sacred volume of our Constitution, there
would be those among our descendants who would
be able to call up from that musty record a moral
power that should restore the r liberties and resus-
citate and bless the condition of society in this
land. On the evidence contained m musty records,
Mr. H. founded a belief that every inch of Oregon
was ours. There was no break m our title from
latitude 42° to latitude 54° 40' He did not say
that he would not arrange for any portion of the
territory lying between those parallels. It was
not for him to make any such arrangement. That
had been placed by the Constitution in the hands
of another branch of the Government. He was
not disposed to commit the House on that point.
Rut he held our title to be so clear and so capable
of demonstration, that, but for the coliossal power
of Great Britain, and the haughtiness with which
she had been av-customcd to treat all other na-
tions ill her diplomacy, he could not but believe
that she would withdraw from the contest, over-
whelmed by the force of arguments which she
could not lefute.
What right had Great Britain to set up a claim
to Oregon on the claim of continuity of territory?
Was the seat of her sovereignty here? No; her
possessions here and her rights here were colonial.
This continent was the seat of our empire. In
this, the gentleman from Massachusetts himself,
[Mr. Wintiirop,] and all who had examined the
subject, would bear him out. The seat of her sov-
ereignty was across the Atlantic. Holding here
only colonial rights, she pressed (hem on the
ground of continuity where territory was not need-
ed to be held in copartnery. And this against a
Power to whom extension of territory was m itself
essential, and whose claim, therefore, on the
ground of continuity, must certainly outweigh
hers.
If, then, our title, both American and Spanish,
to the Territory of Oregon, was clear and unde-
niable, the next question which presented itself
was as to our wisest course to perfect that title.
What action ought we to take to secure the pos-
session of that which was ours by title? In Mr.
H.'s judgment, " inactivityin this matter was no
longer "masterly." There were occasions when
if we saw what was dear to us in imminent jeopar-
dy, and it could be delivered, we ought to act
promptly. To act with decision, and to act imme-
diately, was often the only way to act with elfect.
If we would avoid war, we must have the causes
of war passed upon and settled. It was not by
adjourning great, and difficult, and delicate ques-
tions, that war could be avoided. Our condition in
regard to Oregon was one which demanded action
■—intelligent, prompt, decisive, comprehensive, im-
mediate action. It was action, action, which was
demanded, and such action must be had. Should
we leave this question open in the present state of
the two countries, who could avoid seeing that war
was inevitable?
When Lord Ashburton returned to England,
after having successfully arranged our difficulties
about the Northeastern boundary, and was con-
gratulated in the British Parliament on his success,
that experienced statesman said that the national
sky was now clear and without a cloud, saving one
minute speck upon the horizon, which he trusted
would soon disappear. But how had his predic-
tion been fulfilled ? That little speck, then no bigger
than a man's hand, and scarce perceptible on the
far-off margin of the heavens, had since become a
dark, and lowering, and portentous cloud, that
had swept over the face of the sky, and hung over
all our Northwestern fVontier gloomy as night.
The question was changed; and if we wanted now
to maintain our position as the friends of peace, it
was time we awoke to action, asserted our rights,
and carried them to the very farthest verge to which
they could be maintained without a violation of
the terms of the convention.
Mr. H. thought that, by adjourning this question,
we should bring ourselves into danger of losing
this Oregon Territory altogether. And why did he
think so? From the whole colonial history of the
British empire. There had been a time when
Spain possessed great and extensive colonies, but
they had dwindled away. There had been a time
when France possessed colonics, but they had
dwindled away. Holland, too, held important
colonial possessions, but they had dwindled away;
while Great Britain, on the contrary, had gone on
growing m strength, extending her power, and
spreading her arms abroad into every part of the
habitable globe. Her language, her laws, her mil-
itary prowess, tilled both hemispheres; and she had
belted the globe with her fortresses, to say noth-
ing of her colonies. The British people and their
Government well understood the management of
colonics.
When Mr. TJ. had been lately in Europe, a dis-
tinguished British diplomatist had said to him,
" Sir, France does not understand how to manage
her colonies: we do understand it.'' And he had
spoken the truth. Since 1607, Great Britain had
owned no less than forty-one colonies, twenty-four
of which she held by treaty, nine by sufferance,
and eight by conqucst. Not satisfied with this, she
was now* seeking Oregon. In that territory,at the
Waliamette Falls, m latitude 45° 20', there was a
factory of the Hudson Bay Company, under the
j care of Mr. McLaughlin, factor to that company
and copartner therein with her Majesty the Queen
of England. There was another settlement at Or-
egon <ity, containing five hundred inhabitants, of
: v. lii' li this Mr. McLaughlin \\ as chief proprietor—
a man of line person, of finished and winning man-
ners, of threat wealth and unbounded hospitality—
an intelligent man, long experienced in business,
and well-informed on all subjects connected with
his position. Under the auspices of such an indi-
vidual, had we not reason to expect that Great
Britain would go on to plant herself in the posses-
sion and occupancy of the country in such a man-
ner that wc could not expel her, or not without a
severe straggle? Should we refuse to protect the
thousands of our own citizens who were, and the
multitude more who soon would bo in Oregon,
might they not conclude, as they were neglected
by their own Government, to throw off their alle-
giance and choose a Government which never re-
fused or forgot to protect her citizens in every part
of the world ? Their right to do so was a recog-
nised principle of international law. If the Gov-
ernment refused its protection, citizens might throw
off their allegiance and go over to the jurisdiction of
a Government that would do its duty. Under cir-
cumstances such as these, Mr. H. ivas clearly in
favor of extending to them our laws and protec-
tion.
But now as to this question of notice. Mr. H.
was decidedly in favor of giving the notice so often
referred to in this debate, and giving it promptly.
He thought we ought to do it; nay, that we must
do it. Vet he was not for doing it either in the
form proposed in the bill which had been reported
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Territories, [Mr. Douglass,] or in the resolution
more recently reported by the honorable chairman
of the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs. It was his
misfortune to differ in opinion from both; and bo-
fore he resumed his seat it was his purpose to offer
an amendment, striking out in the resolution the
words which referred to giving this notice by a
joint act of both Houses,and inserting a provision
empowering the President of the United States to
give such notice, wlien, in his opinion, the interests
of the public service should: require it. Mr. H.
had been at first inclined, with the-gentleman from
Kentucky near him, [Mr. J)avis,] to consider the
giving of this notice as an exercise of the Execu-
tive power, with which the House had nothing to
do, but on further reflection he had changed that
opinion.
It was very true that the formation of such a con-
vention was- an exercise of the treaty-making pow-
er; but it did not therefore follow that the dissolving
the convention must be the exclusive act of that
power. That was a different question, because the
" Government of the United States," according to
the terms of the convention, was one of the hig&
contracting parties; and of that Government, this
House, as well as the Presidentand the Senate, con1-
stituted a part. Yet there were grave reasons why
Congress, instead of taking the power into its own
hands, should lodge it in the hands, of the President..
Mr. H. was no exclusive friend of any particular
President; he would not consent'to be; he would
give the present Executive the power which h®
asked in this matter, and of that power this was a
mighty element. He was for giving to the Execu-
tive power all the energy and efficiency which was
requisite to act in a mat ter of this kind. The coun-
try had placed the President where he was, and the
responsibility was his. He thought that when
Great Britain should learn that he was clothed with
such a power, they would see what a mighty ele-
ment. it was, and would be the more inclined to act
with deference and respect to him and to us. He
thought that all the friends of peace in that House
should consent to such an arrangement.
It had been said very generally that negotiations
had been renewed at London.
[Mr. C. J. IKGERSOLL, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs: That is not a fact; they
have not been renewed.]
If not, they might yet be. The President had
the whole field before him, and Mr. H. was for
giving him the power in that form. As proposed
by the bill, and by the resolution Which had been
reported, the notice is made absolute,and ho choice
is left to the President as to tithes and seasons,
which Mr. H. considered as often of great import-
ance. The power, if given in this way, would be
as effectual as if in the other. Yet it would leave
to the wisdom and discretion of the Executive the
when and the how.
Mr. H. wished to present another view. He
desiied the adoption of a different plan from that
which had been proposed by the Committee on
Territories as to extending our laws over Oregon.
It was a part of the plan proposed by the commit-
tee to make donations of land to actual settlers, and
this while the convention still continued in force :
this Mr. H. could not but consider as a violation
of the spirit of that instrument. But he did not
think so respecting the principle of settlement; he
went for the establishment of a Territorial Govern-
ment. His plan would be to send them out agov-
vernor—-a sagacious, prudent, experienced, cau-
tious man, who should be able to sweep the whole
field with his eye, and give information and coun-
sel to the Government here as to what ought to be
done. This was what Mr. H. would do. But if
any gentleman objected that we could not estab-
lish such a government over the whole of the ter-
ritory; then he would say, place your governor
south of the Columbia river. That at least was a
portion of the territory which he presumed no gen-
tleman was prepared to surrender. The language
of evefy one here, he doubted not, would be like
that expressed by the poet:
" And many a banner shall be torn,
And many a kmght to earth be borne,
And many a sheaf of arrows spent,
Ere Scotland's king shall cross the Trent."
The officers of the Hudson's Bay Company
were there, and British magistrates of some de-
scription were there also; why should not our
officers and our magistrates be there too? Would
not their authority carry with it respect for the
American laws and Government ?
There was another item in the resolution pro-
posed by the committee to which also Mr. H. was
opposed. It declared that the whole of Oregon
was ours up to the parallel of 54° 40'. Now,
