150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6.
so direct as this, might we not reasonably hope,
in a great measure, to command both the trade and
the travel of the world. Engrafted on this plan,
and as its natural adjunct, was the extension of a
magnetic telegraph, which should follow the course
of the road; unite the two, and where was the im-
agination which cotild grasp the consequences?
In either of the views he had presented, it was
impossible that the importance of Oregon could be
overlooked. He. trusted it would be realized by-
all, and he hoped to see a mail line, at all events,
established across the mountains. England had
been engaged in an experiment in ascertaining
what was the shortest overland route through
Germany to the East Indies, and he believed she
had ascertained how it could best be accomplished;
but if we constructed this railroad, she would then
be dependant 011 us for the shortest and most
direct route to China and her East India posses-
sions. Was not the language of Berkeley in the
progress of fulfilment, when he wrote that immor-
tal line—
" Westward the star of empire holds his
When Oregon should be fully in our possession,
when we should have established a profitable trade
with China through her ports, when our sails
traversed the Pacific as thev now crossed the At-
lantic, and all the countless '-onscquenees of such
a state of things began to Jlow in upon us, then
would be fulfilled that vision which had wrapt and
filled the mind of Nunez as he gazed over the placid
waves of the Pacific.
Mr. II. had many facts bearing on this subject
which he should be glad to state; but hi* hour was
fast elapsing, and he must reserve them for another
opportunity.
He would now address himself to the moral
aspect, of this great question. Gentlemen had
talked much and talked eloquently about the hor-
rors of wnr. T-lo should re«ret the necessity of a
xvar, he should deploie its dreadful sco,nes:"but if
the possession of Oregon should g!\e us a territory
opening upon the nation prospects such as he now
described, and if for the simple excrete of our
right in taking possession of it Great Britain
should wage upon us an unjust war, tlie regret
which evciy one must feel would at least have
much to counterbalance it, [Mr. H. here quoted
an eloquent passage from a furnish writer on the I
open prospects of the United States, which the j
reporter wishes he was here to give.] ]
Mr. H. dwelt upon the august conception there ;
finely unbodied, and express! his trust in Uod !
that it might at no distant time bccome a reality, j
He trusted that the world mi^lit yet see our people :
living, not indeed under the " laws of Alfmi," but I
under a great impro\ement of those laws, ax lie j
also trusted they would ever be hoard to spfak ,
the " language of Shakspeare." Above all, was it i
his prayer, that as long as our posterity should
continue to inhabit these hills and valleys, they i
might be found living under the sacred institutions :
of Christianity. Put these things together, and |
what a picture did they piesont to the mental eye! ;
Civilization and intelligence had started in the East; |
ihey had travelled, and were stiil travelling, west- j
ward; but when they should have completed the j
circuit of the earth, and reached the extremcst 1
verge of the Pacific shores—when they had real- ,
ized the fable of the ancients, and the bright sun '
of truth and knowledge should have dipped his
wheels in the western wave—then might we enjoy
the sublime destiny of returning these blessings to
their ancient seat; then might it be ours to give ;
the priceless benefit of our free institutions, and the j
pure and healthful light of Christianity, back to j
the dark family'which had so long lost both truth i
and freedom; then might happy America, while j
with one hand she pointed to the Polynesian Isles j
rejoicing; in the late recovered treasure of revealed j
truth, with the other present the Bible to the Chi- j
nese. It was our duty to do it. He trusted we j
would esteem it as much our honor oh our duty, t
Let us not, like certain British missionaries, give
them the Bible in one hand and opium in the other,
but bless them only with the pure word of truth.
He trusted the day was not far distant: soon, soon
might its dawn arise, to shed upon the farthest and
the most benighted of nations the splendors of more
than a tropical sun.
Mr. HILLIARD closed by offering an amend-
ment, such as he had indicat&d m the course of his
remarks.
A CHANGE IN THE SCENE.
Mr, JACOB THOMPSON rose to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. The 27th rule declared that
"After one hour shall have been devoted to reports
' from committees and resolutions, it shall be in
(order, pending the consideration or discussion
' thereof, to entertain a motion that the House da
' now proceed to dispose of the business on the
4 Speaker's table, and to the orders of the day."
Now, he had called the attention of the Chair to
the rule for this purpose: He wished to know how
it was that this question now took up more than
tlie morning hour?
The SPEAKER said, that the subject had been
brought yesterday before the House, under a sus-
pension of the rules. If it had come up in the or-
dinary course of reports from committees it would
not have been competent for the House to discuss
the subject beyond the morning hour; but inas-
much as it came in under a suspension of the rules,
the Speaker could not arrest the discussion until
the matter was disposed of.
Mr. THOMPSON: I make an appeal, then, to
all sides of the House, to allow this report, by
unanimous conscnt, to be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
the discussion can be continued. By this means
the committees maybe called for reports during the
morning hour: the regular business of the House
can proceed; and the discussion on the resolution
(which 1 have no doubt will be continued for several
days) can go on after the expiration of that hour. I
hope that this proposition will receive the favor-
able consideration of the House. The gentleman
fiom Missouri [Mr. Bowlix] who now holds the
floor, will no doubt be permitted, by general cour-
tesy, to retain in committee the privilege of the
floor, which ho may thus lose in the House. I
think il is very apparent that this question is now j
to be debated, until a decision of some kind or other
i«s arrived at. I then-lore submit the motion for the j
consideration of the House, and should it be con-
curred m, 1 will then immediately follow it up by
a motion to go into Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union, and there resume the dis-
cussion.
Por a few seconds, no objection seemed to be
made ; when—
Mr. WINTHROP said, he was not yet quite
willing to assent to this arrangement. If be. un-
derstood the motion of thegentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Thomvson,] it was a motion for the
suspension of the rules.
Tiir SPEAKER said that no motion to suspejid
tlie rules cnuld now be made. Thcfrentleman from
Mississippi had made a proposition which, in the
present state of things, could amount to no more
than a suggestion that might he canicd outbyunan-
unous consent, or by a motion to postpone the con-
sideration of the subject under discussion. These
were the only means by which the gentleman eould
(.fleet his object.
Mr WINTHROP said that before he objected,
he would like to understand the. precise character
of the proposition. If he understood the question
correctly, a motion was pending to make the reso-
lution the special order of the day for the first
Monday in February. The motion of the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. .Tacob Thompson] -was
to put an end to that, by referring the subject to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and going into committee at once, thus fore-
closing the original motion, and taking it for granted
that the House was ready to proceed at once t,o a
decision, and to giro this notice. Those who were
in favor, therefore, of deferring the consideration of
this subject until the first Monday in February,
would oppose the proposition of the gentleman
from Mississippi.
Mr. THOMPSON said, he thought if the gen-
tleman could hear him, he would be satisfied with
the motion he had made. He (Mr. T.) proposed
to refer the subject now to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It would be in
the power of the House to go into committee at
any time. The subject, it would be observed, was
not thus made the special order of the day; but it
was manifest that if the House insisted upon tak-
ing the "question 011 the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] to
make the resolution the special order for the first
Monday in February, it would be debated until
that time; whereas, by sending it to the committee
it could at any time be taken up by the vote of a
majority.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is already pending, and is in fact the motion on
which the whole discussion has arisen; because-
the mere motion to make a special order is not de-
batable.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, Let us take the ques 
tion.
The SPEAKER repeated, for the information
of members, the statement he had previously on
several occasions made, that the motion to refer
required simply the vote of a majority, whilst the
motion for a special order (since it set aside all
other business) would require a vote of two-
thirds.
Mr. WINTHROP said he wast willing that ther
first motion should be put, if the second was to be
put also.
The SPEAKER said he beKeved a division of
the question had just been demanded;
It was accordingly ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON said he wished to say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that it was'now-
very evident that no business of any Jrind could be
transacted till this question was finally disposed of.
Unless the suggestion he (Mr. T.) had made were
adopted, everything would be dammed up.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is on the
reference.
Mr. j. R. INGERSOLL suggested to Mr,
Thompson whether his object could not at once
and without circuity of action,be met by a general
consent to receive the reports of committees for
one hour.
Mr. THOMPSON thought it would be but m
very partial accomplishment of the object.
And no further objection manifesting- itself—
The question on the first branch of the motion
of Mr. C. J. Ingersoll was taken, and being de-
cided in the affirmative—
The joint resolution of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs was referred to the Committee of h&
Whole on the state of the Union.
And, on the second branch of the motion—to
wit: on making the resolution the special order for
the first Monday in February—the yeas and nays
(which had heretofore been1 demanded) were now
again asked by Mr. John A. Rockwell, and or-
dered.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the'
House now resolve itself into Committee of the-
Whole on the state of the Union;
Mr. WINTHROP rose and objected,
[Cries: "Take the vote."]
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay on- the table the-
second branch of Mr. C. J. Ingersoll's motion.
Mr. WINTHROP submitted that this eould not,
by any rule of parliamentary law, be done; inas-
much as a division of the question having been or-
dered, and one branch of the Question having been
taken, the question on the second branch must of
necessity follow.
The SPEAKER, so deciding, ruled the motion
of Mr. Tibbatts out of order.
The question on the second branch of Mr. C. J.
Ingersoll's motion was then taken, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John duincy Adams^
Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer. Bay-
ly, Bedinger, Bell, Biggs, James A. Black, Blanch-
ard, Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Buffing-
ton, Burt, Cabell, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Clarke, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier,
Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Jeflerson Davis,
Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap, Ewing, Foot, Giddings,
Giles, Graham, Grider, Grinnell, Hampton, Har-
per, Hcrrick, Eiias B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes,
Edmund W. Huburd, Samuel D. Hubard, Hud-
son, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Hunter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Joseph
Johnson, D. P. King, Thos. Butler King, Leake,
Leib, Lewis, Ligon, Long, McGaughey, Meffeij-
ry, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Miller, Payne,
Perry, Pollock, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runic, Scammon, Sshenck,
Seaman, Seddon, Severance, A. D. Sims, Simp-
son, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stewart, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thoniasson, Ben-
jamin Thompson, Tilden, Treadway, Trumbo,
V ance, Vinton, White, Wilmot, Winthrop,Wood-
ward, Yancey, and Young—100.
