1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
claim to it founded on the stipulations of a mere
commercial treaty. We were now to be put on a
footing with Hindostan, with Ceylon, with Af-
ghanistan, and with a hundred -other countries
Where she had driven out the true owners. We
were to be sunk in national character, and degraded,
preparatory to her assumption of Oregon; and when
that day comes, then there would- be war; then
would come, as had been said by gentlemen,in the
course of this debate, the crash of systems that
would convulse the civilized world. But the eternal
principles of truth and justice were on our side;
and whenever we were forced into this conflict,
with them we should prevail.
Mr. B. concluded, by expressing his confidence,
that the unfeeling sentiments of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] expressed on yester-
day, would have no influence upon this House.
No true friend of Oregon entertained such feelings.
When the gentleman drew his horrible picture, of
war, of English black regiments, and of insurrec-
tion in the South, he (Mr. B.) could charitably
liave hoped that the "wish was not father to the
thought," had not the gentleman coolly remarked
that the South had brought this upon themselves.
Oregon wanted no such advocates, upon such
monstrous principles of inhumanity. Her true
friends repudiated them; and he would say, in the
spirit of the Litany of the Church, from such ad-
vocates, and from such inhumanity, good Lord
deliver us.
Mr. B. having concluded—•
Mr. YANCEY obtained the floor; but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise; which prevail-
ing, the committee rose and reported progress.
And then, at a very early hour,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 7, 1846-
Tho PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Department of War, presenting a
statement of contracts made in said department
during the year 1845; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PILOT LAWS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of the pilots of Baltimore, praying the
repeal of the act of the 2d of March, 1837, concern-
ing pilots; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of Joseph
H. Bradley and others, citizens of the District of
Columbia, praying an extension of the powers of
the Orphans' court of said District; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. BAGBY presented additional documents in
relation to the. petition of Amos Halborn; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Blair &
llives, praying compensation for printing the Com-
pendium of the Sixth Census; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. B. asked to bo cxcused from further service
as chairman of the Coirimittce on Claims, in con-
sequence of the pressure of his other official duties.
No objection being made, the request was complied
with by the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to ask a similar favor.
During his absencc, and before he took his seat in
the Senate at the present session, ho had been ap-
pointed chairman of the Committee on Finance. He
would be very glad indeed to render all the service
he could, to the best of his ability; but there were
several reasons for his declining the acceptance of
the station. One, however, would be sufficient. ,
The business of that committee was extensive, ;
and would require a great deal of explanation, as .
well as argument, in defence of the measures pre- '
sented. In all probability it would be beyond the
power of his voicc to undertake the duty. He had j
for many years been subject to hoarseness, and af- :
ter addressing the Senate, it always continued for '
several days; and this would incapacitate him.
Under these circumstances, without assigning any j
other reason, he hoped he would be excused. He i
would add one fact: when formerly a member of \
this body, he was excused for the reason now as- !
' signed; and he trusted that a similar indulgence !
would not now be refused. i
Mr. Calhoun was then excused from serving
on the Committee on Finance, no objection being
made.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of Colonel
John B. Walbach, asking compensation for ser-
vices as aid-de-camp to General Wilkinson, in
1801, and the reimbursement of his expenses and
losses while acting in that capacity; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the memorial of
one hundred and seventy-five masters of vessels
and steamers, and forwarding merchants, asking
for the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
the Sheboygan river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. W. also presented a similar memorial from
citizens of Buffalo,New York; which was referred
to the same committee.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of the heirs
of Gilbert Penel, praying indemnity for losses by
the depreciation of the currency in which he was
paid for his services in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of officers
of the army of the United States, praying the legis-
lation of Congress on the subject of brevet and staff
rank in the army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to make an arrange-
ment or compromise with Mangle M. Gluacken-
boss, and his co-obligors, or any of them, for
claims on bonds given by them as sureties to the
United States, reported the same without amend-
ment, recommending that it be passed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The following resolution, reported yesterday by
Mr. Ai.lem, from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, was considered and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be prepared for the use of the Senate ten thou-
sand copies of the map of the Oregon Territory,
compiled by the United States Exploring Expedi-
tion : provided said maps shall not cost more than
ten dollars per hundred.
The "Act for the relief of James Bogardus,"
referred to yesterday, was read a third time and
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS IN MICHIGAN.
The bill granting alternate sections of the pub-
lic domain for the completion of internal improve-
ments in the State of Michigan, was taken up for
consideration; when
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired if the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Woodbridge] was yet ready for
action upon the hill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE answered in the negative,
and hoped the bill would be again passed by in-
formally for a few days, when he trusted its merits
might be fully and properly laid before the Sen-
ate.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The " Bill to extend the Cumberland road through
the State of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, "was taken
up, and considered as in committee of the whole,
and reported back to the Senate without amend-
ment.
The question being put upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and passed to a third reading,
Mr. DAYTON suggested a postponment of the
consideration of the bill until this day two weeks;
to which
Mr. HANNEG'AN, who reported the bill, as-
senting, it was so postponed.
MOUNTED RTFT.EMEN.
The Senate took up, as in committee of the
whole, the bill to provide for raising a regiment of
mounted riflemen.
Mr. BENTON briefly explained the design of
the bill. It was reported as a peace measure, and
had no reference whatever to war, or the rumors
of war, which agitated the whole world. In that
point of view he considered it; and, so considering
it, he would not discuss the question of our foreign
relations. It was to constitute a portion of the
permanent peace establishment that the bill was
introduced, and it grew entirely out of the present
defenceless state of our frontier. It was so entirely
and exclusively intended for the purpose of putting
our frontier in a situation for defence, and for the
protection of settlers, that if he held m his hand
this day a bond for the continuance of peace with
all the world, he should have felt it his duty to
report this bill. He believed that there were about
eight thousand miles of frontier unprotected; and
it was reasonable to suppose that, with this great
extension of frontier, and the large number of In-
dians with whom our people would be brou|ht m
contact, this additional force would be needed at
all events. A regiment of mounted riflemen was
considered as the most appropriate force that could
be raised for the service, to be employed at the
military defences which the President may deem
necessary on the line of communication with Ore-
gon. The only material question, in his view,
was, whether it would not be more advisable that
two regiments should be employed instead of one,
in consequence of the great extension of our south-
western frontier. That was an open country—a
sandy waste—a desert, where these forts were re-
quired to be budt as defences against the roving
tribes of Indians, and mounted riflemen were the
most efficient force which could be employed, be-
cause it combined the advantages of cavalry and
infantry. The President hod recommended stock-
ades and block-houses; but the bill did not fix tl e
number; this was a matter of detail; nor was the
material of which they should be built designated,
as every country was governed by circumstances.
The British posts were composed of sun-burnt
bricks, and they made excellent buildings, either
for defence or habitation; they were perfectly dry,
and whitewashed inside; and impenetrable to all
arms, even to a ride ball. It was left open to the
President to determine the number and situation
of these defences. There was a blank left m the
bill for arming and equipping the regiment. He
had sent a copy of the bill to the Ciuartermaster
General, asking information on the subject, and
was informed, in reply, that §76,500 would be
required for this purpose. He would therefore
move to fill the blank with that sum. With respect
to the second blank, the Quartermaster General
had not been able to make any accurate estimate;
but, considering the work was to be performed by
the men themselves, he would propose §3,000 for
the erection of each post. That would be suffi-
cient; adding some compensation to the Indians
for the use of their grounds, as, although we had
the power to appropriate private property for the
public use, we could not occupy lands belonging
to either white or red men without compensation;
it would therefore be necessary to make an appro-
priation for this object. And he proposed to fill
the blank with the sum of §100,000.
Mr. CALHOUN suggested to the Senator a
modification—that $3,000 be appropriated to de-
fray the expenses of each military station, or de-
fence ; and not exceeding $2,000 compensation to
the Indian tribes who may possess or own the
grounds on which each work may be erected.
This will be better than appropriating around sum
for the whole.
Mr. BENTON said the suggestion was very
good, and he was willing to accept the modifica-
tion.
These amendments were agreed to, and there
being no others proposed, the bill was reported to
the Senate, and the amendments of the Committee
of the Whole concurred in.
And the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the vacancy in the
Committee on Finance be filled by the Chair; and
the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT then appointed Mr. Speight
as the chairman of that committee.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE AGAINST THE
UNITED STATES.
The " Bill providing for the settlement of the
' claims of New Hampshire against the United
' States," heretofore reported, was taken up and
considered as in committee of the whole; when
Mr. PHELPS expressed his hope that the bill
would not be passed to-day. A variety of docu-
ments on this subject had formerly been laid be-
