154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
fore the Senate, and might now be found on the
files of the 25th or 26th Congress. Heretofore he
had had occasion to look into these documents, and
reluctant as he was to oppose any claims which
honorable Senators might deem to be good and
valid, he should feel himself compelled, after an
examination of those documents, to vote against
this bill. He hoped it would be passed by for the
present,
Mr. ATHERTON said, he had no objection
that the bill should, for the present, be so disposed
of, provided it were brought before the Senate at
an early day, so that it might undergo the action
of the House. It had, on a former occasion, once
passed the Senate, after a lull consideration, and
would doubtless have passed the House had there
been sufficient time He had no objection that the
bill be passed by, and hoped an early day would I
be fixed for its consideration. j
Mr. PHELPS, m reply, pledged himself not to !
interpose any obstacle to the consideration of the i
bill; but he thought the final action of the Senate
thereon would be expedited by his proposition,
lie asked whether the gentleman had any objec-
tion to name next Monday as the day for its fur-
ther consideration?
Mr. ATHERTON assented.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished the Senator from
New Hampshire would state the object of the bill,
that the Senate might be better piepared for the
subject when it should be taken up.
Mr. ATHERTON said he would take great
pleasure in (loin? so. In the winter of 1835, the
State of New Hampshire found it necessary to
send a large force to sustain the authority of that
State over that portion of her northeastern border
contiguous to Canada, near the line of 45°, and
known as the Indian-stream territory. This ne-
cessity arose from the fact of jurisdiction being
claimed there by the Canadian authorities; whence
arose a conflict between the British authorities and
those of New Hampshire; anil this conflict arose,
in reality, from the action of the General Govern-
ment on that subject. The farts of the case are
to be found in the award of the King of the Neth-
erlands, as arbitrator between the General Govern-
ment and Great Britain, and are fully set forth in
the report made thereon to the House by Mr. How-
ard, then chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs in the House of Rcpicsentatives, and now
a reporter in the Supreme Court—a man, ho be-
lieved, of great aceuiaov. Jn that report it was
shown that, in the winter of 1835-6, that part of
New Hampshire lying on the Canadian border
became much disturbed ; so much so that bands
of armed mcc^were found opposed to each other
to sustain the authority of the respective Govern-
ments. That of New Hampshire called upon a
small body of its militia; m doing which, the
expenses she now sought a reimbursement of
were incurred. One ground which is stated m the
leport in favor of the claim of New Ilampshiie,
was the extraordinary position in winch that part
of New Hampshire was thrown by the Federal
Government, m its negotiations with that of Great
Britain, and over which New Hampshire could
exercise no control. During the pendency of the
award of the King of the Netherlands, which gave
the disputed territory to the British, it was of
course impossible for New Hampshire to interfere,
while, during that period, there was no settled gov-
ernment in that territory. WJien the award was
lefused, New Hampshire was thrown back on her
original rights, and it became necessary for her to
maintain her jurisdiction. It was a portion of the
continent over which she had exercised undisputed
jurisdiction from the first settlement of the State,
and up to that time there had been no dispute. It
had been duly incorporated into the State of New
Hampshire—formed a portion of one of its coun-
ties, where legal process had been always served,
without any interference of the Canadian author-
ities with the State jurisdiction. But upon the an-
nouncement of the award of the King of the Neth-
erlands, a different state of things arose. Persons
appeared there, claiming to act under the authority
of the Governor of Canada. In 1835, a Canadian
officer undertook to arrest one of the inhabitants,
who was rescued. The men who interfered to res-
cue him from the hands of an officer who had no
right to arrest him, were also arrested for resisting
the Canadian authorities, and it became a matter
of necessity for New Hampshire to interfere, in
order to sustain her jurisdiction. By the unani-
mous concurrence of her Legislature, an armed
force was sent and maintained there. To show
that the Canadian authorities claimed jurisdiction
there, he would refer to certain complaints which
were filed in the office of the Secretary of State,
made by the Attorney-General of Lower Canada,
and transmitted to the Governor of New Hamp-
shire. These charges were made in 1836, by di-
rection of Lord Gosford, Governor-General of Can-
ada j and, upon their being transmitted to the au-
thorities of New Hampshire, commissioners were
appointed to investigate the matter and report
thereupon. The second charge was, " The con-
' tinned advance of the State of New Hampshire—
4 of her laws and jurisdiction—into a territory
' which, by the treaty of 1783, was not designated
4 as a part of the United States, and which should
4 be considered as still undetached from Great Brit-
*ain,and its inhabitants still uuder her Govern-
'nient." The third charge was, "The military
' occupation by New Hampshire of the territory
' in question." That showed the Canadian Gov-
ernment did interfere to extend its authority over
that territory. The New Hampshire commis-
sioners proceeded to investigate the subject, and
the map they were enabled to make was of great
importance, in showing most conclusively that
the chum of the British authorities was entirely
without foundation, and that the territory in
dispute belonged unquestionably to New Hamp-
shire.
The dispute relative to this portion of territory
arose from that part of the treaty of 1783 which re-
fers to the northwestern source of the Connecticut
river. By that treaty, the line of boundary was to
run along the highlands dividing the waters which
flow into the St." Lawrence from those which fall
into the Atlantic ocean. Now it could only be
owing to a complete ignorance of the geography of
the country that that line established by the King
of the Ncthcilands, insUad of going to the north-
west branch of the Connecticut river, left the high-
lands and struck the Connecticut. That would be
obvious in any Senator who examined the map ac-
companying the report. The dispute grew out of
the question, " which was the northwest branch of
the Connecticut river Of that there could be no
manner of doubt. So satisfied were those that ex-
amined it, that upon representations bein^ made to
Mr. Webster, when engaged in negotiation upon
the northwest boundary, by the New Hampshire
delegation, the British surrendered their claims to
all the territory in dispute, which is now within
the limits of New Hampshire. He conceived there
could be no objection made to the principle upon
which New Hampshire acted in carrying out her
purpose to sustain her jurisdiction. The State of
Maine did the same thing. Her claims, which rest-
ed on precisely the same ground, were already paid.
He believed they had been paid since their recogni-
tion by the treaty; but they were recognised in the
treaty, because they were due, and for no other
reason. He would, then, remark, that the amount
named by New Hampshire was trifling—only six
or seven thousand and about one hundred dollars;
whilst, if he recollecicd right, the claims of Maine
for military services amounted to seventy thousand
dollars. The claims of Maine were of a similar
| kind to the present; they were recogniscd and paid.
! There was no difference between them, except, as
! to the greater magnitude of those of Maine, which,
' by the zeal of her authorities, and those who ne-
. gotiated the treaty, were paid; whereas those of
; New Hampshire, being smaller, were not yet dis-
| charged-.
In accordance with the suggestion ofMr.PHELPS,
I and the assent of Mr. Atherton, the consideration
1 of the bill was postponed until Monday next.
PRE-EMPTION SYSTEM.
The <{ Bill providing for the establishment of a
' ' permanent prospective pre-emption law, in favor
! ' of actual settlers on the public lands," introduced
! several days since by Mr. Asiiley, was then taken
, up; but by request of several Senators, that its
consideiation be postponed, Mr. A. assenting there-
; to, it was passed by informally for the present.
ij POST ROUTES TN TEXAS.
ij The "Bill to establish certain post routes" in
!• Texas, reported on Monday, was taken up, con-
; sidered as in committee of the whole, and reported
!' back to the Senate with amendment.
J The question being called, on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading, a brief conversa-
tion ensued between Messrs. WESTCOTT, ASH*
LEY, SEVIER, JARNAGIN, HUNTINGDON j
and NILES, as to the proposed mail routes; which
resulted in the recommittal of the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads for the
purpose of amendment*
MONUMENT TO GENERAL "WASHINGTON.
The following joint resolution, reported yester*
day by Mr. Cameron, from the Committee on
Public Buildings, was taken up, and read a second
time :
Resolved by th e Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled ^
That the Washington National Monument Socie-
ty be, and it is hereby authorized to erect the con-
templated monument to the memory of General
Washington, upon such portion of the publiii
grounds or reservations within the city of Wash-
ington, not otherwise occupied, as shall be selected
by the President of the United States and the Board
of Managers of said society as a suitable site on
which to erect the said monument, and for the pro*
tection thereof.
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested that the joint
resolution be laid on the table for the present, ad
he believed that a similar resolution had passed the
House of Representatives; and it was so ordered.
LIGHT-HOUSE IN THE DELAWARE RIVEK.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury, con*
taining information in relation to the erectiop of a
light-house on the stone pier, near Fort Mifflin, in
the Delaware river, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate calling for the same, was pre-
sented, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, to whom was recommitted
a bill regulating the compensation for the public
printing, reported the same, with amendment, to
read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as*
sembledy That from and after the passage of this
resolution, the printing of the twd Houses of Con-
gress shall be subject to the following regulations: '
When any message, report, or document, commu-
nicated to both Houses of Congress, shall be order-
ed to be printed by the Senate, the Secretary shall
ascertain whether the same has been previously
ordered to be printed by the House of Representa*
tives; and if so, the copies ordered by the Senate
shall be supplied by the printer of the House of
Representatives, for which there shall be no charge
for composition; and if any message, report, or
document, shall be ordered to be printed by the
House of Representatives, it shall be the duty of
the Clerk to ascertain whether the same has been
previously ordered to be printed by the Senate;
and if so, the copies ordered by the House shall
be furnished by the printer to the Senate, and no
charge for composition shall be allowed therefor;
and should an additional number of copies of any
such document be ordered by either House, they
shall be furnished hv the printer to the House
which first ordered the printing of the document,
and for which no compensation for composition
shall be allowed: Provided, however, That if, for the
purpose of despatch, or any other cause, it shall be
necessary to fulfil any order for printing of either
House of any document which had been previously
| ordered to be printed, the Committee on Contingent
Expenses of the House making such order, may
direct that such document be again composed, or
put into type, in which case composition shall be
charged and allowed: and from the commencement
of the present session of Congress, all printing or-
dered by either House of Congress, when the num-
ber of copies does not exceed five thousand, shall
be paid for at a rate of compensation not exceeding
twenty per centum less than the rates fixed and es-
tablished by the joint resolution of 1819; and when
the number of copies shall exceed five thousand,
the compensation shall not exceed thirty-three and
one-third per centum less than the rates allowed by
said joint resolution of 1819; and when the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses of either House
shall direct a second composition, to execute any
order for printing, the printing-shall be done by the
printer to the House making such order; and when
any order for printing requires maps or charts,the
same shall be obtained under the direction of the
