, 1846,.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Committee on Contingent Expenses of the House
making such order; and all expenses for printing
shall be paid from the contingent fund of the two
Houses, each House paying for the printing or-
dered by it', except the expense of composition,
which shall be paid by the House which first or-
dered the document or paper .to be printed.; and if
there shall be second composition, it shall be paid
for by the House whose Committee on Contingent
Expenses shall authorize and direct the same; and
when extra copies of any document shall be order-
ed by both Houses, and the same are executed by
the same printer, the copics shall be delivered to
the two Houses simultaneously, in proportion to
the whole number of copies which the Houses
have'respectively ordered.
The joint resolution was then considered as in
committee of the whole; when
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading of the
amendment.
_ Mr. NILES said that the object of the resolu-
tion was two-fold: 1st, to regulate the manner in
which the public printing should be executed; and
2d, to regulate the price. The change proposed by
the amendment would of course affect the second
object of the resolution only.
The amendment was adopted in the committee
of the whole; the joint resolution, as amended, was
reported back to the Senate, which concurred in
the said amendment, and the joint resolution was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill for the relief
of Mrs. Mary McRea, reported the same without
amendment, recommending thatit be passed, Mr.
B. also moved that the report be printed; which
motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that that House lmd
passed a joint resolution authorizing the erection
of a monument to GeorgeWashington, on the pub-
lic grounds of the city of Washington, D. C.; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, (he Senate then
went into Executive session; and after some time
spent therein, (during which several nominations
were confirmed,) the doors were opened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 7,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the call of the committees for reports.
MAP OF OREGON AND PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked leave to offer the
' following resolution; which was read for informa-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to furnish, with all possible
• despatch, a mitp of the Territory of Ore°*on, to
accompany the President's Message; provided the
cost of the same shall not excecd eight cents per
copy, all expenses included.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. SMITH said the gentleman certainly must
have misunderstood the object of the resolution. It
provided merely for the printing of a map of Oie-
gon to accompany the President's Message.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could only
be received by general consent.
_ Mr. SMITH supposed, he said, that no objec-
tion could be made.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested that at the last
Congress each of the members had been furnished
with such a map. Besides, it might create delay
in the furnishing of the documents.
The SPEAKER said no debate was in order.
Mr. HOUSTON withdrew his objection.
And the resolution being thus before the House-
Mr. HUDSON (after some conversation on a
point of order) said that he had not the least ob-
jection to its adoption, so far as the furnishing of
the map was concerned; hut he objected to having
the President's Message delayed another month
for the purpose of getting these maps engraved.
As all the old members knew, it was now some
three or four weeks later than the time at which
these documents were usually furnished. With
the exception of the last session, when there was
a great delay in furnishing the message, that docu-
ment had generally been delivered within the first
fortnight of the session. "VVe were now, he be-
lieved, in the sixth week, and only two or three
copies had been furnished to each member. He
had an amendment which he desired to offer, pro-
viding for an inquiry into the cause of the delay in
the printing of this and other documents. If these
new maps were ordered, the probability was that
we should have to wait three or four weeks longer.
Mr. SMITH said he could, he thought, obviate
this objection on the part of the gentleman, by
stating that the maps could be furnished in two
days. And as to the expense, the time already
occupied by the House in the discussion of the
resolution had cost more than maps to accompany
every copy of the Message would amount to.
Mr. HUDSON was not at all opposed, he said,
to the printing of the maps, but to the delay which
might result. He supposed, that many of the co-
pies of the Message had already been stitched : to
insert a new map would involve the trouble of rc-
stitching, and delay must necessarily follow. And
he would here take occasion to say that he thought
all the extra efforts which had been made in this
and in the last Congress, to save a little expense,
by means of a Committee on Engraving, had been
attended with inconvenience, greater ten times than
would counterbalance all the saving that had been
made.
It was well known that at the last session of
Congress the printing of Fremont's report had
been ordered. Out of the thirty or forty mimheis
to which they were entitled, ihcyhad received but
two or three; and he understood that some one
was delaying (he work for the purpose of getting
some map engraved. Tie thought if the Hou.*e
knew the inconvenience which had heen expeii-
enced during the lost session, and which would
ajrain be experienced, in consequence of this dab-
bjing with engraving, they would be disposed to
discharge the Committee on Engrnving altogether
from further service. He made no complaint of
negligence on the part of that committee. He prc-
I sinned that they had been as active as it was pos-
■ sible for them to be. But if they were under the
necessity of examining the maps, &c., and then
corresponding with half the engravers in the coun-
try to see upon what terms the work could be done,
delay was inevitable. The fault was not in the
committee ; it was in the system itself.
Removed to amend the resolution, by adding
thereto the following words:
" And that the Clerk be requested to inform the
4 House as early as practicable why the public
* printing has been so long delayed; also, when the
* printer will be able to supply the members with
4 the President's Message and the accompanying
4 documents, and the report of the Secretary of the
( Treasury; and also, that the Clerk infonn the
* House whether^ the public printers have given
4 bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties;
4 and, if so, when that bond was executed."
Mr. HOGE rose and moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HUDSON" continued. He had not, he said,
yielded the floor. He had simply to say in rela-
tion to the amendment, that it seemed to him that
the inquiries which it contemplated were proper.
There certainly had been unusual delay. The re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, with which
we were generally furnished during the first week
of the session, had not, Mr. H. believed, been
heard of since it went into the printer's hands.
Why this delay? This House had been told upon
one of the first days of the session, that it was ne-
cessary that a public printer should be immedi-
ately elected, otherwise that great delay would
follow; but that if he were chosen, he would enter
at once upon the discharge of his duties, and that
we should have all the documents forthwith. That
argument prevailed. The public printers were
elected. The documents had been sent down.
And he had been informed that at least one month
fiom the time at which the printers had been
elected, they had not entered into the requisite
bonds. Certain he was that many of the docu-
ments which usually came in during the first week
of the session, had not been delivered to this day.
Gentlemen all about him waid that such was not
only the fact with regard to the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but that other documents,
usually delivered within the first ten days of the
session, had not yet been furnished.
It was time to inquire into the cause of this de-
lay. If the public printers were incompetent—if
they had not force or type enough to execute the
public printing in season—the House ought to be
informed of the fact, so that the duty might be
assigned to some other person. If the documents
were not to be furnished until two or three months
after the meeting of Congress, it would become a
matter of indifference whether they were furnish-
ed at all or not. During the recent holydays the
membeis—especially those who had remained in
the city—had had more leisure to examine the doc-
uments than they could hope to have at any subse-
quent period of the session; and he, for one, had
been greatly disappointed that they had not been
furnished. He had inquired for them at the fold-
ing-room from day to day; and the answer as often
had been " to-morrow or next day." Six weeks
of the session, he repeated, were now nearly over',
and scarcely a document, with a few exceptions of
a very unimportant character, had been leceived.
He wished that the House should be informed of
the cause of the delay; and if it thought proper to
adopt the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois',
[Mr. Smith,] he (Mr. H.) hoped it would be so
amended as to provide that the maps might not be
attached to the President's Message.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired to know
what this map was, and under what authority it
had been prepared ; for he must confess he was
unwilling to take the map which any man might
furnish, unless he knew that it came from a re-
sponsible source. He was anxious to have such a
j map; and at this cheap rate he believed the House
might afford to publish a large number. But. at the
same time, it should be a map published under pro-
per authority; for it was well known that any map
which this House might order to be engraved would
go abroad with its sanction upon it. He would like
to knowwhether the House was willing to publish
any man's map, when its publication might have
been begun on mere speculation? If it came from
any of the dcpaitments or from any of the officers
or bureaus of the Government, he would cheer-
fully vote for it; but he would not take a map
which any one might furnish on mere speculation,
and without the proper extent of knowledge re-
quisite for the undertaking. He would like the
gentleman who introduced the resolution to state
by whom the map had been executed, and whether
it was endorsed by any competent authority.
Mr. SMITH said he was willing so to modify
the resolution as to provide that, before being en-
graved, the map should be subject to the inspec-
tion of any committcc of the House, who should,
if it was not right, make the proper correction.
Mr. THOMPSON said he understood, from the
tenor of the gentleman's reply, that this map did
not come here under the authority of any of the de-
partments. He (Mr. T.) knew no committee of
this House that could decide on its correctness or
justice. He could not vote for the resolution in
the absence of such authority.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Speaker whether the
morning hour had commenced.
The SPEAKER said not yet: it would not com-
mence until this resolution had been disposed of.
Mr. COBB said that if this discussion Mere con-
tinued, the whole morning would be consumed,
and the House would thus be prevented for some
time from going into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to resume tht discussion of
the Oregon question. He therefore moved that
the resolution be laid on the table, whence it might
hereafter be called up, if the House should think
proper.
.And the question being taken, the motion pre-
vailed.
So the resolution and amendment were laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
MINERAL LANDS, DES MOINES RAPIDS, ETC,
Mr. HOGE was here permitted to give notice of
a motion hereafter to be made for leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution transferring the management
and control of the United States mineral lands from
the War Department to the General Land Office;
Also, of a bill to provide for the effectual im-
provement of the Des Moines and Rock River
Rapids of the Mississippi.
