150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
PERSONAL AND HISTORICAL.
Mr. RHETT rose, and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
Assent having been given—
-Mr. RHETT said that he held in his hand the
report in a city paper of a colloquy between the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] and himself, which took place yester-
day.
Mr. R. read from the Union as follows:
" Mr. Adams here rose, and after Mr. R. had
* yielded the floor for a brief explanation, inquired
' whether the gentleman from South Carolina, in
' stating; that flie gentleman from Massachusetts
' voted against the late war had alluded to lum,
' [Mr. Adams.]
" Mr. Riiett. I did.
" Mr. Adams. Then, sir, the gentleman is mis-
'taken.
"Mr. Riiett. Well, then, the gentleman from
' Massachusetts was opposed to the war.
"Mr. Adams. If the gentleman from South
' Carolina will allow me, I will show that he was
' mistaken."
Mr. R. continued. This is the substance of
what occurred, although not the exact words. In
saving that tiie gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] voted against tile war, 1 admit 1 was
in error, and I promptly retracted it. The expres-
sion escaped me in the heat of debate. But I have
always been under the impression that the gentle-
man was opposed to the war; but not having; with
me the documents upon which my opinions and
impressions wore founded, I acquiesced at the time
of the gentleman's denial, because to have said
anything without proof, would have been use-
less.
Since then, however, I have, recurred to these
sources from which my original impression was
produced. I have before me a letter written by
the gentleman to Mr. Monroe, as Secretary of
State, dated September 3,181.'!, detailing a conver-
sation between himself and the Chancellor Roman-
zoff, the Russian Minister of State. In this letter
the gentleman says :
" I knew the war would affect unfavorably the
' interests of Russia. I knew it must be highly
' injurious to the United States and England. I
' could see no good as likely to arise from it to any
' one."
If (continued Mr. R.) the war was likely to re-
sult in good to no one, I should of course suppose
the gentleman would be opposed to it. It was not
likely that he would be in favor of a war which
could not result in good to any one, and certainly
could not result in good to the United States.
Surely some good must be expected from a war by
any one who supports it; for otherwise he would
be deliberately opposing the interests of his own
country.
This letter is also referred to in the History of
the War of 18X2—'13, by C. J. Ingersoll.
[TIerc Mr. R. quoted Mr. Adams's words from
the History, with an account of the conference and
transactions.]
In addition to this, (continued Mr. R.,) I recol-
lected an extract from a letter which the gentleman
had written to Mr. Leavitt Harris when at Ghent,
who had formerly been consul of the United States
at St. Petersburgh, and was Secretary of the Com-
missioners at Ghent. Speaking of the war, the
gentleman holds the following language: "With
' a weak and penurious Government—having three
' frigates for a navy and five regiments for an
' army—what could we expect but defeat and dis-
' grace?"
Kmv (continued Mr. R.) I naturally inferred
that, as the gentleman could not desire our coun-
try to be defeated and disgraced, he could not be
in favor of n war from which he supposed that no
other result could be anticipated.
These are the grounds on which my impression
had been formed. 1 state them frankly to the gen-
tleman and to the House; not that I wish to con-
trovert any position which the gentleman may
think proper to assume. If he says he was in
favor of the war, or opposed to it, 1 have nothing
to say.
But it was due to myself to show that I had not
made this assertion—or charge, as the gentleman
calls it—without having reasons and good grounds,
which were at least satisfactory to my own judg-
ment, to justify the opinion that he was opposed to
the war.
Mr. ADAMS (under leave) rose and said: Mr.
Speaker, I did not expect, after what had passed
the other day, when the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Riiett] had made a positive charge
against me of having voted against the late war
with Great Britain; and after ! had, in the most
explicit manner, denied the fact; and when the
gentleman fell back upon an intimation that if I
had not voted against it, I had not voted to sup-
port it; and when I had proved that the charge
was as unfounded as the other which he had with-
drawn; and when I had said that I imputed his
error to ignorance, and not to malignity—the gen-
tleman acknowledging he was chargeable with
ignorance—and intimating to this House that I
was not of importance enough for him to know
what my course had been in relation to that
war ;—I say, I did not cxpcct that the gentleman
would have renewed the charge in another form
at present. The gentleman, however, seems to be
attached to this idea; and probably it may he a
portion of the result of that other false charge
which he made against me, of inveterate hostility
to the South, and in expectation that, whenever
his constituents sec my name on the one side of
the question, they would of course see his natne
on the other. After that, 1 did not expect that
this charge would be lenewed in the form in which
he has now produced it again.
I stated the other day, that the war commenced
with Great Britain in the year 1812; that I had
been at that time three years absent from the
country in the service of the nation; that I had
been so in a situation assigned to me by Mr. Mad-
ison on the very day on which he took the oath
of office as President of the United States in that
chair (pointing to the Speaker's chair,) or in the
chair which then corresponded to it; and that
whilst absent, 1 had been supporting, so far as
was in my power, those measures of his Adminis-
tration which led to the war. It was my fortune,
(luring that time, to be placed in opposition not
only to Great Britain, but to France, at two differ-
ent periods; and during that time, during these
three years of that Administration, I was placed
m the position of supporting the interests and the,
honor of my country—first, against France, with
whom the Emperor of Russia was at that time in
close alliancc ; and next, against, Great Britain, the
state of things having then changed, Russia having
become the enemy of France and the ally of Great
Britain.
The question of peace or war, therefore, was
determined altogether independently of any action
of mine. Within the same week that a declara-
tion of war against Great Britain was made by the
United States, a declaration of war was also made
against her by France. I found myself then a
representative of this country, at war with Great
Britain, and Great Britain an ally of the Emperor
Alexander. Under these circumstances, it was
my duty to support the interests of my country
aaainst that ally; which I did to the utmost extent
of my power, as the records in the archives of
the Department of State will show.
Shortly after war had been declared, the Chan-
cellor Romanzoff sent to me requesting an inter-
view. He then said to me, that by the express
direction of the Emperor Alexander he had applied
to me; that the Emperor had seen with deep regret
that at the moment he was entering into close
alliance with Great Britain, Great Britain and the
United States had gone to war with one another;
that he thought such a war would be very inju-
rious to him, and that it would also be injurious to
the United States. He then stated that the Em-
peror had directed him to inquire from me, whether
lie should offer his mediation between the United
.States and Great Britain; and that if it would be
accepted by the United States, such was his inten-
tion. Then it was that I made the observations
to Chancellor Romanzoff, part of which the gen-
tleman read. I stated to him that I was not, and
could not be, authorized to say that the Govern-
ment of the United States would accept the, media-
tion ; but that that Government had entered upon
the war with great reluctance; that they, as well
as yourself, believed that the result of the war
would be advantageous to neither party; and that,
in my opinion, the mediation of the Emperor
Alexander would be accepted by the Government
of the United States; and that I was ready imme-
diately to communicate to my Government the offer
that had been made, which I thought would be
accepted, inasmuch as the unanimous opinion of
the people of the United States was, that the sooner
the war was ended, the better it would be for both
parties. That was the amount of what the gentle-
man from South Carolina says he considers an
opinion on my part in opposition to the war.
under the circumstances in which the offer was
made, I leave it to the impartial opinion of all
mankind, whether such an inference can be drawn
from what I said on that occasion.
The United States and Great Britain were then
at war. The Russian Government furnished me
with a neutral cartel, by which this communica-
tion could be made to the United States Govern-
ment as soon as possible. Passports were obtain-
ed from the British Admiral; but when the offer
was made to Great Britain, which the Chancellor
Romanzoff told me was made precisely at the same
time as to the United' States, Great Britain, as is
well known, declined the mediation. But the
communication was made to the President of the
United States, and on the part of the United States
the mediation was accepted. Have I not a right
to infer that the immediate and grateful acceptance
of the mediation of the Emperor Alexander, on
the part of the United States, was proof that the
President and Congress were opposed to the war ?
for if it was proof against me, 1 take it for granted
it was proof against Mr. Madison and his Cabinet,
and against Congress, which supported the meas-
ures he took on that occasion. They accepted the
mediation; and not only so, but immediately af-
terwards a commission of three citizens of the
United States, of which I was one, was appointed
by the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate; and that commission was sent to the
Emperor Alexander, in consequence of this pro-
posal for mediation. The three commissioners
were Albert Gallatin, then Secretary of the Treas-
ury; James A. Bayard, then a conspicuous and
distinguished member of the Senate; and myself.
These gentlemen came to St. Petersburgh under
the expectation that it was possible that the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain might have accepted the
mediation. But the Government of Great Britain,
as I have said, declined it. In doing so,"however,
it declared itself ready and willing to negotiatfe
either at London, or in any neutral country, for
the conclusion of peace. In consequence of this,
the proposition, on the part of Great Britain, was
acceptcd ; two additional commissioners were ap-
pointed, and negotiated under the mediation of the
Emperor Alexander, and a peace was concluded in
the neutral territory of Ghent. This is a matter
which, ignorant as the gentleman from South
Carolina avows himself to be of my course, I
presume he, as well as the rest of the country, is
acquainted with. There is no child of twelve years
of age that ever had a spelling-book in his hand,
that is not acquainted with it.
The substance of the charge now brought against
me is, not that I was opposed to the war when it
was declared, but that I contributed to the conclu-
sion of the peace. What the natuie of that peace
was, is well known to the country. I have never
seen or heard of any extensive dissatisfaction with
it; and I believe it was generally hailed as satis-
factory in this country, as well as to the other
party to the war.
Among the other articles of the treaty, there was
one which stipulated for the restoration of certain
slaves—for compensation for taking and carrying
them away. After the close of the war, Great
Britain was called upon to make satisfaction and
indemnity to the sufferers—of course, citizens of
the South. So well satisfied was the Government
of the United States with the proceedings of its
commissioners, that I, as one of them, was nomi-
nated by Mr. Madison, and confirmed by the Sen-
ate, as Minister of the United States to Great Brit-
ain. And there it was my fortune to be obliged to
maintain the rights of sufferers by the taking and
carrying awav of slaves, against the positive denial
of the British Government that any obligations of
the kind rested upon them. I was for two years
Minister there; and I defended and maintained
those parts of the treaty which stipulated for this
compensation against the wholS power and reason-
ing of the British Ministry and Cabinet. I speak,
sir, of matters which stand on the records of this
nation—which are to be found in all the public
documents of that period in which the correspon-
