1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
dence is contained. I say that, during these two
.years, I maintained the cause of the South. And,
if gentlemen will allow me to say it, I maintained
their cause in such a way as to receive from South-
ern men, and from public meetings, expressions of
their gratitude for the service I had rendered. Du-
ring these two years this question was not settled.
The two high contracting parties differed entirely
in their construction of the article in relation to the
restitution of slaves—of compensation for colored
property—in the treaty of peace.
In the negotiation of the treaty, the article which
stipulated for this restoration was by me, together
with the other commissioners, maintained in such a
manner as to have it inserted, exceedingly against
the disposition of the British commissioners and
the British Government. And when it was insert-
ed, the British Government endeavored to escape
its effects. They denied the construction. The
matter was discussed between the two Govern-
ments by myself and the British Government, in
England, and by Mr. Monroe and his Cabinet and
the British Minister here, until the close of my mis-
sion. During that time, after I found that the two
Governments could not come to a common under-
standing, a proposition was made through me to
the British Government to refer the matter to arbi-
tration, and it was accepted. By common consent,
the Emperor Alexander was agreed upon as the
arbitrator, and a succession of treaties between the
three parties—Great Britain, theUnited States, and
the Russian empire—finally terminated in a sen-
tence of the Emperor in favor of the claim of the
United States—in favor of the holders of slaves in
the South, who liad lost their property in conse-
quence of the war. I hope the House will not con-
sider that I am claiming credit which is not due to
me, when I say, that the whole management of that
negotiation—in the first place with the British Gov-
ernment, and in the second place with the Minis-
ters of Great Britain and of Russia—was conduct-
ed by me, first as Minister of the United States at
the Court of Great Britain; and, secondly, as Secre-
tary of State here. I desire that any member who
has any doubt of the state of facta which I have
here Riven, would recur to the public documents
published by Gales & Seaton, and see the whole
course of that correspondence, from the time when
the first negotiation of the treaty of peace com-
menced, when the first proposition was made by
Chancellor Romanzoff, to the time when the own-
ers of the slaves received their indemnity for slaves
they had lost in the course of the war, and then
ask himself whether the part I had in that nego-
tiation was evidence.of hostility to the South.
_ Mr, Speaker, it has happened to me once before
in this House, many years ago, to have some dif-
ference with a gentleman, a member from South
Carolina, a very distinguished man, who made
some intimation of this sort; and! then referred
to all these transactions, although in a much more
limited manner than I have now done. And the
gentleman acknowledged his mistake, and came to
me and thanked me for the service I had rendered
to the South in the whole course of that negotia-
tion. D
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] has cited another authority—a letter writ-
ten by me to Leavitt Harris, at St. Petersburg,
during the course and progress of the negotiation
at Ghent—in which letter I spoke somewhat slight-
ingly of the state of preparation in which we were
in October and November, 1814, for another cam-
paign. Sir, I did in that letter state that it was ex-
ceedingly probable that, in the event of another
campaign, it would prove exceedingly calamitous,
and most particularly so to the South. 1 said
nothing there but what Mr. Monroe—the then
Secretary of State, or rather the then Secretary of
War—had, I believeprepresented to Congress in
much stronger terms than I had used—language
which Congress had received without believing-
that he was opposed to the war. But the gentle-
man from South Carolina should have read the re-
mainder of the letter. Whether that has come to
his knowledge, or not, I will not undertake to say.
If he had read it, he probably would have found
a full and explicit declaration on my part, that,
notwithstanding the inequality in the forces of the
two countries for the next campaign, I had no
doubt but that the valor and the public spirit of
the people of the United States would bring them
out of it with honor and glory. In that very iden-
tical letter, I say so. The gentleman has not
thought proper to read it. I do not desire liim to
do so, because it would not have suited very well
with the opinions which he lias expressed.
It has been my fortune before this time, on more
than one occasion, to be brought before this House
as a sort of culprit, to be tried for my sentiments
and feelings as they related to the interests and the
honor of the country. Other occasions than this
have been sought. At the time the gentleman dis-
avowed his knowledge of my history, after making
apositive charge against me ofhavingvoted against
the war, instead of doing as, in my opinion, a
Christian and a gentleman should have done—
withdrawn his charge, and apologized for having
made it; when he only varied it, by putting it in
a different form, and finally came to what I sup-
pose is the immcdicabile vulnus—the disastrous con-
junction between me and my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings.] He touched upon what I sup-
pose was the chief motive for his charge—his orig-
inal charge—the probability which he sees of giv-
ing great satisfaction to his constituents, not only
by voting against me on every occurrence, but by
bringing these false charges against me.
In the sentiments I have expressed in this House
in relation to the great question now before it—
namely, the giving the twelve months' notice to
the British Government—of the termination of the
convention by which our hands and feet are mana-
cled and fettered from the assertion of our unques-
tionable right—I abstained purposely from any
reference whatever to northern or southern inte-
rests on this question. I abstained from inquiry
into any of the ronRoquences which a war with
Great Britain would bring on the North or on the
South. I know very well that calamitous conse-
quences will he the result, both to the North and
the South, if that war should take place. I de-
clared that 1 did not believe it would take place. I
repeat, 1 do not believe that it will ocrui under
any circumstances. I do not believe that it would
occur if, the very day after the notice shall have
been given, wo should send a body of troops to
take possession of the whole territory. I do not be-
lieve that the Government of Great Britain or the
people of Great Britain will ever make a war, or
support a Ministry that would make a war, for
Oregon, as part of the territory of Great Britain.
But, sir, there are other circumstances which I
apprehend will prevent the occurrence of war;
and my greatest apprehension is, that it will be
by the ultimate backing out of the present Ad-
ministration and its supporters from the ground it
has taken.
[Great confusion in the Hall.]
Mr. YANCEY rose to a question of order.
Cries of " Go on—let liim go on."
Mr. ADAMS, pending the question of order,
took his scat.
Mr. YANCEY stated his point of order. The
gentleman, he said, had risen, by permission of the
House, to make a personal explanation. He was
now discussing an entirely different question—the
question of Oregon, the probability of war, and
the course of the Administration, and making his
reflections upon that Administration. He (Mr.
Y.) felt it his imperative duty to call that gentle-
man to order, and to insist that he should not be
allowed to proceed except in order.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair was certainly
under the impression that the gentleman was dis-
cussing matters irrelevant to a personal explana-
tion.
Several members having submitted a motion that
Mr. Adams have leave to proceed, and the motion
having been almost (but not quite) unanimously
agreed to—for there was one hearty deep-toned
No, that set the House into a roar of laughter—
Mr. ADAMS proceeded. I am sorry that the
gentleman is so very averse to my continuing, [al-
luding, apparently, to the solitary member on the
other side of the Hall,] but he need not be afraid ;
there is no necessity for a panic on this occasion.
I have done, or at least I should have been done in
the course of one or two more sentences, if the gen-
tleman had not interrupted me. I was simply
answering one of the charges which the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had made
against me—that notwithstanding what I had
said here, although I have declared I was averse
to war, the gentleman asserted—although I made
such a declaration—that everybody knew what I
said had a tendency to war. He not only made a
false charge against me, but he gave this construc-
tion to what I said ; and he declared that was the
construction which all the world would put upon
it. I was therefore strictly and closely adhering to
the personal explanation he had called forth. He
said that, although I disclaimed all intention of
war, and declared my abhorrence of it, yet that,
because what I said, in his opinion, had a ten-
dency to war, he did not believe a word of what I
said.
Mr. RHETT. I said no such thing. Let the
gentleman show that I did. I deny it.
Mr. HOLMES rose, and expressed the hope
that the House would allow him five minutes to
offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. ADAMS. I have not before me the report
of the gentleman's remarks in the National Intel-
ligencer, which agrees with what I myself under-
stood the gentleman to say.
Mr. RHETT. I have got it, and will send it
to you.
Mr. ADAMS. Have the goodness to read it.
Mr. RHETT. I am not bound to read it to the
gentleman. I would rather he would read it him-
self.
Mr. ADAMS [having been furnished with the
Intelligencer by Mr. Rhett] read as follows:
" Now it was said that the South was afraid of
'war. [I, said Mr. Adams, never said so.] It
• could not support the President in a war. The
'North was valorous; the North was chivalnc;
' the North was ready, prompt, and brave. It was
' the South that hung back. In the last war, the
' gentleman from Massachusetts across the way
'had shown himself a hero by voting against it,
' but now he was rabid for war with Great Brit-
' ain. Though he said he was for peace, all knew
' that the tendency and cfleet of his policy was
' war."
Mr. ADAMS having read the paragraph—■
Mr. RHETT remarked, that is what I said.
Mr. ADAMS. Yes; and I infer from thin lan-
guage that the gentleman does not believe a word
of what I said. I leave it to the understanding of
every one. who heard it whether I draw the infer-
ence correctly.
Mr. JMTETT. I do not object to the inference.
It was to the fact asserted by the gentleman, that
1 had said that I did not believe a word he said,
that I objected to. That I deny.
Mr. ADAMS. Yes; the gentleman denies the
words. He did not use them; but if any man can
take the two parts of the sentence together and not
conclude that he did mean to say he did not believe
my professions of being opposed to war, I then say
that I am willing to leave the matter to the under-
standing of this House and of mankind. I profess-
ed and declared that I was not for war; that I did
not believe war could take place: that 1 was as sen-
sible of its horrors, and had as deep an abhorrence
of them, as any member of this House; but, I re-
peat, I said that I did not believe it could follow. I
repeat it. Then comes the gentleman and says that,
notwithstanding my professions,everybody knows
that, what I said had the tendency and effect of pro-
moting war.
I do not know, Mr. Speaker, that it is necessary
for me to say anything further. I regret exceed-
ingly that the gentleman should have thoughtproper
to make this a personal affair with me. lie was
under no necessity of appealing to me; and, in fact,
in this very same spirit of his, he disavows person-
al reflections. But he did so. He made a charge
against me which was false; and, instead of recant-
ing it, persists in it to this hour. I wish to have no
more to do with the gentleman.
Mr. RHETT asked leave to make a personal
explanation, which having been granted,
Mr. R. said, I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that every
one who has had any experience in this Hall, must
be aware that no one would be desirous to have
anything to do with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. It was impossible that he [Mr. Adams]
could have a greater desire to have nothing to do
with others than others desire to have nothing to
do with him.
Every one understood the adroitness, in matters
of controversy of this kind, which the gentleman
possessed. For nine years, while he (Mr. R.) had
had the honor of a seat in this House, he had
avoided all controversies of this kind with any one.
And if he had said anything in regard to the gen-
tleman's position, it was not to him personally,"but
he had reference to the gentleman in his public
