158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
character, and to the position which lie had take.i
before the country; and. he was entirely unable to
see that it was by any means a departure from the
couise whichevery representative ought to pursue.
The gentleman said that he, (Mr. It.) as a gentle-
man and a Christian, oughtto have reiractcd what he
had stated erroneously. Mr. R. said he iiad prompt-
ly retiacted what he had said enoneously, in sta-
ting that the gentleman had voted against the war,
but he would not retract what he had not believed.
When he asserted that the gentleman was opposed
to the war, and the gendeman denied it, he (Mr.
R.) not being prepared with the grounds upon
which he had been led to this conclusion, could
only let it go by, until he was able to show the
House and the country the ground on which he
had made it. Now, m making the statement tins
morning of those grounds, he had not done it to
make an issue "u ith thegentlenia.n,but to justify him-
self before this House, and to show that he would
not lightly make a statement of this kind, about any
member of this House, without having good rea-
sons therefor; and he had done it that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts himself might have an
opportunity of meeting it, if eironeous, and of re-
butting it. And he now stated that, although the
gentleman, m some respects, had rebutted it pretty
successfully, in otheis he had not. He did not see
that the gentleman was correct when he said that
Congress, in assenting to the mediation of Russia,
stood precisely 111 the same position as he himself
occupied; and that if he [Mr. A.] was opposed to
the war, the Congress of that time and the Presi-
dent were equally opposed to Jt. The Russian
mediation had nothing to do with the matter, nor
his desire of peace. It was not the part winch
the gentleman had taken respecting that negotia-
tion, or to promote peace, fiom which he had
drawn the inference that the gentleman was op-
posed to the war. It was that he had asseited to
Count Roman^u(F that '*ho could see no good re-
c suit that was likely to arise from the war to any
fone." Now, was not the inference strong, that
because the gentleman had said the war would re-
sult in no good to any one, therefore he was op-
posed to it? Because peace was desirable, it by no
means followed that the war could produce no guod
result. If the motive for pcace or negotiation was
that the war could produce no good result to any
one, how could any one be in favor of its exist-
ence or continuance5
With reference to the letter of the gentleman to
Mr. Lea\itt Hanis, which had been spoken of, he
(Mr. R.) confessed that he had never seen the
whole of it. He had seen extracts from it. An
extract wjs all he proposed to read, tie recollect-
cd, when the gentleman was the candidate for the
1'residency, he saw extracts from it. lie had never
seen the whole letter. But certainly, since the gen-
tleman had alluded to the concluding part of it, lie
(Mr. R.) would get it, and read it; and if it sus-
tained the gentleman, or showed that he (Mr. R.)
had not done him full justice, he would take the
opportunity to read it fully to the House, that its
full bearing might be understood.
The gentleman, because, from these grounds, he
had inferred that the gentleman was opposed to the
war, said that this was a false charge; and it
would seem that if any gentleman made an infer-
ence from the gentleman's conduct which he con-
ccivcd to be incorrect, it was perfectly agreeable
to him to say that that gentleman had made a false
charge. If the gentleman had said that he (Mr.
R.) had made a false inference, it would ha\e been
well enough. But, after all the gentleman had
fraid, he (Mr. R.) very much doubted whether the
gentleman's heart was in that war, or in renhty
approved of it. And although the gentleman says
he was for peace, (and the whole country, he be-
lieved, were in favor of it,) and that he exerted
himself to bring it about, he (Mr. R.) did not
think it proved at all that the gentleman was m
favor of sustaining our country in that war. He
said, then, that these were inferences. They
might all be wrong m the gentleman's estimation,
and wrong in fact; yet it by no means followed,
bccausc a gentleman made an inference which was
incorrect, that he had asserted what was false. If
there be good grounds for an inference, it may be
true so far as one gentleman is concerned, although
erroneous in the opinion of another.
As to the gentleman's bein?, in favor of southern
interests in 1312 and 1813, that may be all true of
that time, and the South repaid linn with her con-
fidence. A portion of the South elevated him to
the lJresideney, under the lead of Mr. Clay ; and
when, finally, the gentleman's Administration was
overthrown in the contest for the second term, it
was not on account of any supposed hostility
to the South, but on general principles. But the
gentleman's course had been such, uniformly,
since that time, as to leave no doubt of his feelings
of bitter hostility towards the youth. Could any
man, who knew the gentleman's course for ten
years, entertain the idea for a moment that his
feeling was any other? The gentleman himself,
as great as may be his power of self-deception,
would scarcely deny that his course on this floor
had been such as to give but one impression to all
—that the gentleman's feelings towards the South
were those of dire, unmitigated enmity and hos-
tility. In charging, therefore, that the gentleman
was hostile to the South, he only charged what
facts have justified and appeared to him fully to
justify.
That the gentleman ought to be somewhat care-
ful when he spoke so warmly against gentlemen
drawing inferences from his words, which they
did not justify, he had clearly shown by his con-
duct to-day. He had openly charged hnn (Mr. R.)
with using words which he did not use; and had de-
duced inferences from his words far more strained
than any he had made. The H ouse had witnessed it.
But he did not mean to say that the gentleman had
done what was culpable. He did not charge him
wiih dishonor, with falsehood; but he did mean to
show that, as lie had thought proper to make in-
ference from hi^? (Mr. R.'s) language, he (Mr. R.)
had but made an inference from the gentleman's
language and conduct far more reasonable, in his
opinion, and far more consistent with truth. What
he had done he had done with no disposition to
wound or to injure the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, but as a representative discussing great
measures, and the course of others implicated with
them.
WASHINGTON NATIONAL MONUMENT.
Mr. IlOLMte now rose, as he said, not to
mingle at all in this grave conflict of mind, or this
altercation of wits, but to offer a resolution which
must now be oficicd to be available; and which,
amidst all the strife and confusion in which they
wcie involved, would come gratefully over the
heait of e\ery member of this House. He held
m his hand a resolution to authorize a committee
of the Washington National Monument Society,
in conjunction with the President of the United
States, to fix upon a site to erect, upon the 22d of
February, a monument to the Father of his Coun-
try. It was known that already, by a grateful
country, a large sum had been raised for that pur-
pose. They were now about to carry this project
into execution; and he trusted that, amid all this
strife of paity, there would be one unanimous
pulsation of gratitude towards General Wash-
ington.
Mr. II. sent up the resolution to the Clerk's
table, where it was read, as follows:
liesolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Washington National Mon-
ument Society be, and it is hereby authorized to
erect the proposed monument to the memory of
George "W ashing ton upon such portion of the
public grounds or reservations within the city of
Washington, not otherwise occupied, as shall be
selected and designated by the President of the
United States and the Board of Managers of said
society, as a suitable site on which to erect ihe
said monument, and for the necessary protection
thereof.
The resolution was read a second time by its
title, and (by general consent) was read a third
time and passed.
The SPEAKER was proceeding to call the com-
mittees for reports, when
CONTESTED ELECTION IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMLIN (the question being one of privi-
lege) rose, and made a report from the Committee
on Elections, m the case of the contested election
from Florida.
Mr. H. stated that the rpport concludes with two
resolutions: the first declaring that Mr. Cabell
(the sitting member) is not entitled to his seat; and
the second, that Mr. Brockenbrough (the con-
testant) is entitled to his seat.
The report, without being read, was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CULVER, from the minority of the com-
mittee, made a counter report; which was similarly
disposed of.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. YANCEY, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution providing for the twelve months'
notice of the termination of the convention of 1827.
Mr. C. J- INGERSOLL wished to correct an
error in the resolution. The resolution was now
drawn so as to leave it extremely doubtful whether
the notice would not be given for two years. He
wished to correct it by striking out all after the
words "shall be annulled and abrogated," and in-
inserting, in lieu thereof, " at the expiration of the
' term of twelve months from and after said notice
c shall be given, conformably to the second article
' of the said convention of the 6th August, 1827."
Mr. I. moved to amend the resolution accord-
ingly.
Mr. HILLIARD now moved the amendment
which he had previously indicated, as follows :
Strike out the words " forthwith cause notice to
be given,'' and insert, " be empowered whenever,
' in his judgment, the public welfare may require
' it, to give notice."
Mr. YANCEY addressed the Committee at
some length on the general meiits of the question
under consideration in relation to Oregon. He
was opposed to giving the notice to Great Britain,
at the present time, for the termination of the con-
vention, because he went for the whole of Oregon,
because he considered war the inevitable result of
the notice, and because the adoption of another
system of measures, which he indicated, would
with greater certainty in a peaceful manner secure
our rights to the whole of that territory. [An ex-
tended report of his remarks, which is deferred at
Mr. Yancey's request, will be published in the
Ajupendix.]
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH obtained the floor.
He had found, he said, that it had been generally
considered here and elsewhere in the country that
the Oregon question was a western question, and
that the West had a deeper interest in it than any
other portion of the country. As one of the west-
ern people, he would disclaim any such considera-
tion for himself, and in behalf of the western peo-
ple he disclaimed it. The people of the West had
no other than a common interest in this question,
which belonged to every portion of tHe country.
The question was not sectional in its character, and
was not to be determined in reference to sectional
interests. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
YanceyI had appealed to the West, as if the west-
ern people were endeavoring to urge the country
into a war with Great Britain on this question. 1
say (said Mr. S.) that we have no desire to plunge
the country into a war. The gentleman may be
well assured, however, that the-re pervades the
West a deep anxiety that this question should be
settled in such a manner as will preserve the rights
not only of the West, but of the whole United
States.
I, for one, (said Mr. S.) am not willing to
plunge the country into hostilities with Great Brit-
ain, and to submit the question at once to the ar-
bitrament of war. I believe that this'is not the
most certain way of securing our rights in Oregon.
I believe that if we force the question to a war, it
will be the means of delaying our possession of
Oregon for years. It might not be the means of
wholly losing it forever. He would not believe
that the patriotism and energy of the American
people would ever permit £fie loss and alienation
of Oregon; but a war at this time would certainly
hazard it.
1 do not believe (said Mr. Smith) that there is
among the western people any special desire for
war. They have no peculiar thirst for the destruc-
tion of the public peace. 1 can speak, at all events,
with confidence, as to those whom I immediately
represent, but I do not undertake to answer for
other Suites. _ I cannot answer "for Kentucky,
Ohio, Missouri, nor for Illinois. It may be, sir,
that in the State of Illinois there is a vehement
desire existing: for the trophies and laurels of victo-
rious war. The shouts of victory are to them of
no unusual or unwelcome souiid. Sir, the people
