1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
of that gallant .State have had experience in war;
and some of its patriotic representatives on this
floor can show their scars«and point to their wounds
received in many a gory and -well-fought battle.
There, sir, once raged the war in which the great
Mormon nation was unhorsed; and there, too, was
waged the great Black Hawk war; which contests,
known to fame, have rendered famous,several gen-
tlemen whom I now have in my eye.
[Herfe a member from Illinois rose and asked
wno was alluded to in^the Illinois delegation.]
I would spare the gentleman's blushes, (said
Mr, S.;) but 1 could recite some of his own deed3
of valor that will give him unfading and merited
renown.
My friend, too, the chairman of the Committee
on the-Territories, [Mr. Douglass,] whose well-
known modesty will,obscure his worth, has parti-
cipated in many gallant achievements. The coun-
try might be assured that, in that honorable gen-
tleman, they would find one who had served with
distinguished crcdit in the glorious wars of Illi-
nois.
But, sir, the second Punic war is ended. His-
tory has told us that the third J^unic war was the
most disastrous, and upon that we are about to en-
ter; and, sir, it is not unreasonable to expect that
those who have been so much distinguished in the
second, will he equally so in the third.
But he had o'lTly intended to say that this was
not a sectional question, and that, among the west-
ern people, there was not, so far as he knew, any
peculiar desire for pressing this question to a war.
He hoped there was not one man, either in the
West or in any section of the Union, who would
not stand up in defence of the rights of the coun-
try to the Oregon Territory. He had no reason
to think, and did not believe, that the people cast
of the Alleghany range would be any less prompt
to maintain our rights in Oregon than the people
west of the Alleghanies. An idea seemed to pre-
vail that the western people weie not to suffer in a
war to the extent that other parts of the country
would suffer. But would not the people west of
the mountains be taxed at a higher rate than those
west of them? The western people would pour
out as much treasure and as much blood in (lie
contcst as any other portion of the people. We,
sir, are not so remote from the scene of danger as
to have no participation in it. Hostilities would
necessarily occur near our borders. We would
furnish our men in great numbers for the war—
men who would be willing to shed their blood
freely in the cause.
But it was said that the people of the West would
sell their provisions at a higher rate during a war,
and that, (herefore, they wanted one. They would,
it was said, rush into a war upon a sordid specu-
lation, and thus traffic in the blood of their fellow-
citizens, and the honor of their country. No such
sordid and mercenary motives actuate the West.
They had, it was true, a desire—one, he hoped, in
common with all other portions of the people of
the United States—to sustain the honor and rights
of the country, and to see the American flag waving
in triumph; but they had no desire to see the coun-
try involved in a war.
He had desired to make a few remarks upon the
points of controversy in this question; but he would
not go into them, for the reason that they had been
so well considered by others, and nothing that he
could add would strengthen the arguments already
advanced. He had given much attention to the
question and had carefully considered the whole of
the correspondence. He thought that the Secreta-
ry of State had presented our title in so clear and
able a manner, that nothing further need be said.
The Secretary had shown our sources of title, as
he (Mr. S.) had supposed. But the Secretary j
knew nothing about one great source of title that
had lately been discovered. At least, he had made
no allusion to this new title, to wit: the title of
'1 manifest destiny," which was so much relied upon
by the gentleman from Illinois. He (Mr. S.) could
not consent that our claims should be made to
appear absurd before the world by the assertion of
such a title as this. What our destiny might be,
was known only to higher powers than those of
earth. It was not permitted to us to read the des-
tiny of individuals or of nations. Our ultimate
destiny was not yet manifested. He apprehend-
ed, however, that the people of this country were
imbued with too strong a belief that it was their
destiny, as the gentleman from Illinois had said,
to conquer or overran the whole continent, at least
of North America. This wild idea had extensive-
ly prevailed, and been much encouraged. If we
assented to this declaration of a determination to
pursue our destinies by taking the Canadas, and
Mexico, and California, and Cuba, and the other
places named by the gentleman from Illinois, we
should soon excite against the American Govern-
ment the hostility of the whole world, and bring
upon us their united forces in arms. It might be
that the result of our progress would be the great
extension of our territory; but if this cry of des-
tiny was much further encouraged and promoted,
we should soon be obliged to send troops into the
heart of Mexico for the protection of a band of j
robbers, who would be plundering that nation in 1
the name of liberty. Having said thus much, sir,
of this new title, I will add, (said Mr. S.,) that 1
consider our title to Oregon much better than that
of Great Britain, or any other nation.
I have never desired (continued Mr. S.) to min-
gle this question with party considerations. ^ Some
questions, I hope, are of so general, so national a
character, as to be entitled to be considered in-
dependently of party contests and party victories,
and with a view solely to the national interests.
If there could be any such question, this was one.
Mr. S. alluded to the celebrated Baltimore Con-
vention, which nominated Mr. Polk as the Demo-
cratic candidate for the Presidency, and to two re-
solutions which were there proclaimed, and which
were heralded, he said, as twin scions of the true
Democracy—one being for the re-annexation of
Texas, and the other for the re-occupation of all
Oregon. We were now told that, by these resolu-
tions, the Democracy had dctci mined that Oicgon
should be retained at ail hazards. The resolutions
declare that our title was full, cleai, and unques-
tionable. All know that the candidate nominated
by this convention was elected: all know the anxi-
ety which was felt to ascertain his sentimenls upon
this subject; all know how unequnocally he ex-
pressed his sentiments m his Inaugural Addiess.
it is not forgotten how great a sensation was pro-
duced in Europe by his declaration that our title to
Oregon was clear and unquestionable', and that it
was considered, abioad and at home, as a declara-
tion of our right to all of Oregon. Subsequently,
this declaration was repeated and sustained by the
official organ of the Administration, which claim-
ed for the United States all of Oregon, or none. "
Soon, following this claim, was the declaration of
a determination to sustain it at all hazards, and
under all.circumstances.
A rumor came to us (said Mr. S.) in the West,
that the President had, after all these strong and
decided assertions of our absolute title to Oregon,
offered to give up to Great Britain the whole coun-
try north of the 49th parallel. It was said that this
oifer had been made as a compromise in the course
of the negotiation. I remember well (said Mr. S.)
how bitterly the Administration was denounced by
some of its supporters for having made this offer.
I could not be induced to believe (said Mr. S.) that
such an offer had been made; nor did I believe it
till I arrived here, and learned it officially from the
Message. But 1 do not denounce nor condemn
Mr. Polk for having offered this compromise for
the sake of peace. I allude to it only to show
what were the sentiments of his fuends on the
subject.
It was remarked by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] that he had fears that the j
Administration would back out upon this question.
But whatever the President did,-he must do in the
face of the world, with all eyes upon him; and he
must be judged of by the character of Ins acts.
Ought we now to pass the resolution before the
i committee, and say to the President that he must
give the notice for Uie termination of the convention
of 1827? I think not. I was among those who \
signed their names to the report of the minority
of the Committee of Foreign Affairs, which holds
that this duty belongs to a different department of
the Government exclusively, and that the legisla-
tive branch has no concern with it. I believe the
principle of that report to be correct. The Consti-
tution draws a line of separation between the Ex-
ecutive and Legislative departments; and neither of
these departments should trench upon the powers
of the other. The House of Representatives (Mr.
S. contended) had no right to instruct the Pre-
sident as to his duty in this case, 1101 to do more
than offer their advice. The convention still ex-
ists. It is still in force. But this is a proposition
to modify it or annul it. Will any one say that a
treaty can be terminated or changed by the action
of the House of Representatives ? The first con-
vention was limited to ten years. Before its ex-
piration it was renewed indefinitely. It would have
expired if it had not been renewed. Suppose that
it had expired, would it have been competent for
Congress to renew it > It could be done only by
the Executive. But the convention is now in full
force. Can this House, with the aid of the Senate,
annul or modify it ?
To my view (said Mr. Smith) it is inexpedient
to give the notice, or to instruct the President in
regard to his duty on the subject. This is a duty
that belongs to the President, and he is responsible
to the people for his discharge of it.
All, sir, desire peace. If there is any one here
who is ready to say, "My voice is still for war!"
he had not opened his lips on this floor. If we
are all for peace, then I contend this measure is of
a character which, in the present emergency, will
be the first step to bring war upon the country,
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] had
anticipated him in bringing to the notice of the
House two passages in the President's Message,
and, by remarking upon them, had supeiseded the
necessity of further notice. No matter what might
be the individual opinions of the President, at pres-
ent there was no doubt that he regarded this notice,
when he recommended it, as a war measure. He
had said that the question could not be compro-
mised, and he therefore had recommended this
step for the assertion of our rights. At the expi-
ration of the twelve months, he tells us that we
must be prepared to maintain our rights, or aban-
don them. If this notice was now given, it was
his opinion that there would be war in twelve
months1 time. He could not bring himself to any
other conclusion, unless Great Britain should back
out and abandon her pretensions. But did her past
] history show that she had ever puisued such a
J course? He believed that she had never been
j known to recede from any position she had once
taken. But if we pass this notice, she cannot re-
: cede without being disgraced in the eyes of the
1 universal world.
[ I do not think, sir, that we shall back out. No
j portion of the Aiuencan people can submit to see
Oregon in foreign hands. We cannot and will
not yield, except to the decision of arbitration,
should the question be submitted to arbitration.
Can we stop at the end of the year, and let the
country still remain in the hands of Great Britain?
No. We must proceed, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts says, and take possession of it in
military style. He was not disposed to yield to
the pretensions of Great Britain; but he thought
it ill became us to make these Halls the theatre of
national reproaches. We ought rather to approach
this great subject in a spirit of moderation and
courtesy. If we intended to assert our title to
Oregon by force, it would be discreet now to be-
gin to put the country in a position to meet such
an emergency. We went into the late war unpre-
pared; and although our people on the frontier did
all that could be expected from bold and patiiotic
hearts, yet they were crippled and defeated by
the want of necessary supplies and munitions of
| war. He would ask gentlemen who were m favor
; of this measure, why they did not take steps to
j put the country in a state of defence? England
j was not now at war with France, as she was at the
! time when we declared war against her in 1812.
Now she was at peace with all the world, and, at.
brief notice, could turn die whole of her fleets and
armies against us. Our duty to the country re-
quired that we should, if this notice was given,
put it in a posture of defence. He would be found
ready and willing to vote for the most ample pro-
! vision to defend the country. It was time that the
] people should be notified of their danger, lftheie
j was a purpose to pass this resolution; not that the
' hearts of the people should be prepared for war,
but that their means of defence should be increased,
and that they should not be exposed, without sonif
protection, to the assaults of an enemy. It had
been well said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] that, while we were talking
about one regiment of riflemen, and one company
of sappers and miners, and a line of stockade forts
in Oregon, the British Government was arming
and preparing its war-steamers, presenting a naval
force far more powerful than any that was ever
