160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3m. 8.
before seen. Shall we neglect our defences till
the British artillery is heard, on our coasts—until
we see our cities wrapt in flames?
He trusted that he would be found willing to go
as far as any one in the making provision for the
public defences. Although direct taxes were ex-
tremely odious in his part of the country, he would
vote for them, or for any other equal mode of rais-
ing the necessary means for this purpose. If we
must have a contest, then let it come. If any one
now imagined that there was a British party in this
country, they would then find there was none.
There was no party here that would not sustain the
country in all its hazards and dangers. But (said
Mr. S.) I will ask, what injury will result from
a continuance of this convention, call it a joint-
occupancy, or whatever you will? What injury
will it do ?
His honorable colleague [Mr. Owen] had men-
tioned as one of the grievances to be complained
of, that a settler from the United States had receiv-
ed eight hundred dollars to remove from the north
side of the Columbia to the south side. He (Mr.
S.) could not conceive what injury was to result
from that. He regarded it equal to a gold mine
for the settler; for Jie could go back and make ano-
ther settlement, and get eight hundred dollars more,
and so repeat the operation until he had exhausted
the Hudson Bay Company of all their gold. All
know that our settlements are rapidly and steadily
on the increase, and that our people are going out
to Oregon in great numbers. Such is not the case
with the British settlements. Great Britain had
made no efforts to colonize Oregon. The Hudson
Bay Company were oulv engaged in trading, and
were not planting any colonies. The British were
not filling up their settlements, while we were rap-
idly increasing ours. Let us continue this opera-
tion, and but a few years can elapse before we shall
be strong enough in Oregon to maintain our claims
to the whole territory.
But I am willing (said Mr. Smith) to extend our
lawsovei the American settlers in Oregon, and pro-
vide for their adequate protection; and more than
this they cannot ask for. He hoped he was not
insensible to the demands of national honor; but in
what manner was the national honor to suffer from
the continuance of this joint convention? He could
not discover how our honor should require its ter-
mination. Great Britain was more prejudiced by
its continuance than we were. Her honor required
its termination as much as ours. For twenty years
it had been m force, and we had never, until lately,
f.'mnd that our honor required us to terminate it.
Our honor would not be tarnished in the eyes of
the world, nor our rights injured, if we should suf-
fer the convention to remain as it is. It was very
certain that we could effect nothing by menace.
Something more than that would be necessary to
take forcible possession of Oregon. He did not
know that, because the rule allowed a member to
speak but one hour, he was therefore obliged by
the rule to occupy an hour. He had made the
few icmarks which he had proposed to offer; and
now would leave the subject, not desiring to make
a long speech.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the
committee then rose.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON (on leave given)
gave notice of a bill to amend the act entitled " An
' act to confirm the sale of public lands in certain
' cases, and for other purposes. "
And, after an ineffectual eftort on the part of
Mr. McKAY to make certain reports from the
Committee of Ways and Means,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Januanj 8, 1846.
PETITIONS.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Mary
Williams, praying compensation for property de-
stroyed. by Seminole Indians, in consequence of
its military occupation by the troops of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Jonathan
Thompson, praying the reimbursement of certain
moneys illegally charged against him in the settle-
ment of his accounts as collector of the port of New
York; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Hugh Mun-
roe McLean, praying the payment of certain out-
standing loan certificates; which was referred to
the Committe on Finance.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented the memorial of
Sally Boss, daughter and heiress of Charles Pos-
tener, deceased, a surgeon of the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed commutation pay, and
compensation for the loss of his medical stores at
the battle of Camden; which, together with her pe-
tition on the files of the Senate, was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of William
H. Thomas, praying payment for provisions fur-
nished the Cherokee Indians, during the year 1836;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Allan's.
Mr. CORWIN presented the memorial of the
representatives of William A. Slacum, praying
compensation for his services in obtaining inform-
ation in relation to the settlements of the Oregon
river; which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
RESOLUTIONS OF TIIE STATE LEGISLATURE
OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEVIER presented a resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly or Arkansas, for the establishment
of a mail route from Little Rock to Fort Smith, in
Crawford county; also, from Perrysville, in Perry
county, to Park's Post Office, in Scott county; also
from Benton, Saline county, to Perrysville, m Per-
ry county; and from Benton, in Saline county, to
Warren's, in Bradley county; which was referred
to the Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also presented resolutions of the General
Assembly of Arkansas against the incorporation of
a National Bank; against a system of internal im-
provement other than for purposes clearly national
m their nature and character, and in favor of a
modification of the present tariff, so as to reduce it
to the necessary wants of an economical adminis-
tration of the Government; which were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. S. further presented resolutions of the same
Legislature, against the passage of any law for the
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. still further presented a resolution, passed
by the Legislature of Arkansas, instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives in
Congress to use their influence to procure the pas-
sage of a law authorizing the appropriation of the
lands heretofore granted to that State far a semina-
ry of learning1, to the purposes of common schools;
which was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. presented a resolution, emanating from
the same body, m favor of a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a resolution in favor of a law securing to
settlers on lands covered by confirmed Spanish or
French grants, their rights of pre-emption to those
lands, and authorizing the proprietors of those
grants to locate other lands in lieu thereof; and
also confirming the innocent purchasers of lands,
commonly called "Bowie lands," in their titles;
which was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, "and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. still further presented a resolution by the
Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of the passage of
a law authorizing the sales of the public lands, in
half-quarter sections, to actual settlers; which was
; referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of mem-
bers of the Bar of Washington, praying the repeal
of the law requiring one of the Judges of the Cir-
cuit Court for the District of Columbia to reside in
the county of Alexandria; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of merchants
of New York, praying an amendment of the law
regulating the practice of admiralty courts in the
prosecution of suits for the collection of seamen's
wages; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
MONUMENT TO WASHINGTON.
' The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, in relation to the erection of a_ monu-
ment to George Washington, by the National
Monument Association, was taken up for consid-
eration, and read a first and second time. The
question being on the third reading—
Mr. CAMERON said that, if there was no ob-
jection, he would ask for the third reading of the
resolution, as the association designed to lav the
corner stone of the monument on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, the anniversary of the birthday of Wash-
ington, if a selection of a site could be made by the
President before that time.
Mr. DAYTON said that the resolution of the
Senate had been laid upon the table, with a view of
considering that now under consideration, which
was substantially the same, and which had then
passed the House of Representatives.
Mr. SEVIER inquired of the Chair the pending
question: and, having been informed, he moved to
refer the resolution to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, that they might report as to the
manner of the erection of a monument, and the
proper grounds to be selected. He desired to see
a monument erected which would not be a dis-
grace, but one which would be worthy of the naJ
tion. , .
Mr. BERRIEN inquired whether the resolution
which had been read was the same that originated
in the Senate, or that which had been sent from
the House ?
The PRESIDENT replied, the resolution from
the House.
Mr. BERRIEN said he hoped, without regard
to reference, that it would be passed. The sub-
ject had already been reported on by a committee
of the Senate. He appealed to the Senator from
Arkansas to withdraw his motion, that the Senate
might now act, and, as he trusted, unanimously.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he would vote for
the resolution with great pleasure; but it was vague
and indefinite, and for that reason alone he desired
it to be referred to the committee, that they might
report a plan and select a site for a monument wor-
thy of and creditablc to the nation.
Mr. BERRIEN would respectfully suggest, to
the Senator from Arkansas that they had no- right
to control the erection of the monument—that be-
longed to the association, who asked for a site a
portion of the public grounds. The resolution of
the House, as had been observed, was precisely
the same, in meaning, as that which had already
been reported by the Senate's own committee, and
which had been laid on the table, because the
House had then the subject before them. It merely
provided for the selection of a Kite on which the
monument could be erected.
Mr. SEVIER replied that, if he understood the
resolution, it did not definitively specify the kind
of monument, or where it was to be erected. His
object in desiring a reference is to have the resolu-
tion made more specific!
The resolution, at the request of several Sena-
tors, was read, as follows, viz:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Washington National Mon-
ument Society be, and it is hereby authorized to
erect the proposed monument to the memory of
George Washington upon such portion of the
public grounds or reservations within the city of
Washington; not otherwise occupied, as shall be
selected and' designated by the President of the
United States and the Board of Managers of said
society as a suitable site on which to erect the
said monument, and for the necessary protection
thereof.
Mr. NILES said, if anything was to be done in
this matter, he was decidedly in favor of the mo-
tion of reference, with a view, as they could not
control the erection of the monument, that they
might not too hastily give their sanction to it.
There was a degree of responsibility attached to
their action on the subject. If a corporation was
to erect the monument, we ought to be informed
what its purpose was, and what sort of a monu-
ment was to be erected—if it would be an honor to
the nation or not. • ' .
Mr. CALHOUN inquired whether the question
was now on the resolution; and
The PRESIDENT having informed Mm that it
was on the reference,
