164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
Mr. Dickens, their Secretary,informing the House
that the Senate had passed bills and a resolution
of the following titles, viz:
An act to provide for raising a regiment of
mounted riflemen, and for establishing militaiy
stations on the route to Oregon.
An act for the relief of James Bogardus.
A resolution for regulating the printing of Con-
gress and establishing the compensation of the
same.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, made an adverse report upon
the petition of Seth Sweetzer; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made adverse reports upon the pe-
tition of Elisha Foster and Alexander Jackson;
which reports wore laid upon the rable.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of Samuel S. Smith and Ordnance Por-
ter; which reports were laid upon the table.1
Mr. MOULTON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, made adverse reports upon the peti-
tions of James Barker, Aaron Rollins, John Stone,
and Julia Birchmorc, widow of William Birch-
more; which reports were laid upon the table.
Mr. M. atao, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of James Mains, necom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
a first and second time, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the "Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, reported
bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of .Tames Wyman;
A bill for the lelief of William MeCauley, ac-
companied by a report in cach case; which bills
were severally read a first and seoond time, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, mode
on adverse report upon thepeiition of Elijah Blnd-
gett; winch report was laid upon the tabic.
Mr. COCKE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of Thomas H.
Brown, Theophilus Somerly, Jesse Ellis, and Lu-
cy 0'Bryan; which reports were laid upon the
tabic.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of Arthur K. Frn^o, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
On motion of ATr. BURT,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of Archibald M. Kitzmiller, and that it
be laid upon the table.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported the following
resolution; which, by consent, was considered and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the House what number of leases are
now on the mineral lands of the United States; the
quantity of land in each lease, as well as the date
and duration of each; also, the amount of money
the Government has expended on, ns well as the
income or profits received by, the Government
from said leases, specifying, in each case, the char-
acter of said mineral.
Mr. H. SMITH, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to provide for the con-
tinuation of the Cumberland rood, m the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; which bill was read
a first and second time, and committed to ihe Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the State of the
Union.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill making appropriations for certain fortifi-
cations of the United States for the year ending
the 30th June, 3847.
A bill making appropriation lor the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending 30th June, 1847.
A bill making appropriation for the support of
the army for the year ending on the 30th of June,
1847.
A bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending on the 30th June, 1847, and for other
purposes.
A bill making appropriation for the naval service
for the year ending on the 30th June, 1847.
Which bills were severally read a first and sec-
time, and committed to 'the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported bills of the following
titles, viz:
A< bill for the relief of Samuel D. Walker, of
Baltimore.
A bill to provide for the payment of evidences
I of public debt in certain cases; which bills were
severally read a first and second time, and No. 52
committed to a Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow, and No. 53 to ihe Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition offclmith, Thruger,
& Co., accompanied by a bill for tlicir lelief; which
bill was read a first and seeoml time, and comnut-
| tod to a committee of the Whole House to-mor-
row.
Air. G., from the same committee, made an atl-
| verse report upon the petition of Charles foreman;
j winch report was laid upon the table.
; Mr. JOHN A. EOCK.WKLL, from the Com-
j niittee on Commerce, made a report upon the peti-
! tion of William Culver, accompanied by a bill for
: in.; relief; which bill was read a fust and second
! time, and committed to a Committee of the Whole
| House to-morrow.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of John J. Pierre,
accompanied by a bill for his relict'; which bill was
read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee oi'tlic Whole House to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Mc< "LKLLAN0,
Oulerrd, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of citizens of ]New Yoi k fur a branch mint ill
the city of iSYw York, and that it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Moans; the petition of
merchants of Albany for the improvement of the
JA>x and Wisconsin rivers, mid the memorial of cit-
izens at'Marquette county, Wisconsin, for the im-
provement of said rivers,'and that tliey bo referred
to the Committee 011 the Public. Lands.
Mr. Met'., also, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made a report upon the petition of Asa
Aimington, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read a first mid second time, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House
' to-nioirow.
I Mr. MeC., also, from the. same committee, made
: an adverse report upon the petition of George M.
j Powle; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. MeC., also, (chairman of (he Committee on
| Commeice,) save notice that he would at an early
: day call up the bill making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors and rivers.
Mr. JOSEPH MORRIS, from the Committee
011 the Public Lands, reported a bill authorizing
the inhabitants of township one of ranee thirteen
east, in Seneca county, Ohio, to relinquish certain
lands .selected for schools, and to obtain others in
lieu of them, accompanied by a report; which bill
was read a first and second time, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House 011 the state of
1 the Union.
I Mr. ASLTMUN, from the same committee, to
which was recommitted, on the 30th tilt., the ad-
1 \ersc report of said committee upon the petition of
, Mary Ann Bruner, with instructions to report a
' bill, reported a bill accordingly; which was read a
first and second time, and commiticd to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House to-monow.
Mr. K liLVE, from the Committee on the Public
: Lands, made a icport upon the petition of Moses
■ George, Joseph Poimcy, and William Ramey, rep-
resentatives of Absalom Link, accompanied by a
; bill to revive the act entitled "An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri," ap-
; proved 9th July, 1832, so far as the same relates to
! pre-emption claims provided for in the third-section
; of that act, to inhabitants and cultivators; which
bill was read a first and second time, and comniit-
, ted to the Committee of the Whole House on die
f state of the Union.
| The morning hour had now expired.
1 OREGON.
f On motion of Mr. COBB, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole oil the state of.
the Union, Mr. TIBBATTS, of Kenflisfey, in the
chair. " >£ r
Mr. PETTIT made an ineffectual effort to in-
duce the committee to rise, with a view to an ad-
journment in honor of the 8th of January.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of'' The joint resolution of notice to Great Britain
' to annul and abrogate the convention between
' Great Britain and the United States, of August
' tith, 1827, relative to the country on the north-
' west coast of America, westward of the Stony
' mountains, commonly called Oregon."
Mr. COBB (who held the right to the floor from
yesterday) addressed the committee. It is not my
purpose, sir, (said lie,) to detain the committee
with a lengthened argument upon the Oregon ques-
tion. I fool, however, that, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances by which this subject is surrounded, I
owe it to myself, and to those whom I represent
upon this floor, to submit to the House, the reasons
which have induced me to that course which I in-
tend to pursue in reference to this question. It is
my misfortune, perhaps, upon so grave and im-
portant a question, involving so much for weal or
for wo to our country, to differ with many of my
political friends from the section of the country
from which I came, and to differ with a distin-
guished Southern statesman—a man whose voice
is generally considered expressive of the feelings
of the southern portion of the sountry; and I may
be permitted to remark, for that individual, for his
patriotism as a man and liis ability as a statesman,
1 have ever entertained, and still do entertain, the
highest regard. But when considering a question
of this character, I am compelled, by a sense of
duty I owe to myself and to my constituents, to
disregard every consideration save that of the
honor and the interest of the country, so far as
they are involved in the issue. I alone am respon-
sible to that constituency for the course I may pur-
sue here. If it differs from that which others see
fit to take, they partake not of the responsibility.
It, falls alone upon my shoulders. I assume it,
Mr. Chairman. The policy I conceive it to be the
duty of this country to pursue, in reference to the
subject brought forward by the resolution reported
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs^ is already
indicated to the House by the fact that I have
concurred in the propriety of that report.* And
my purpose is now to submit to this House and
to the country, the reasons which have induced
me to believe that that policy must be carried out,
or the interests of the country weakened—I will
not say destroyed.
At this period of time, Mr. Chairman, I should
consider I was inflicting upon the House an un-
necessary and an unpalatable argument if I were to
attempt to sustain the title by which this country
possesses and holds a just claim to the Oregon Ter-
ritory—to the whole of the Oregon Territory. What-
ever opinions may be entertained in other portions
of the civilized world—whatever opinions may be
entertained by that master-spirit of the nations of
the other world, with whom we are now thrown
into a contest on the question—in this country but
one voice falls upon the ear—but one deep, well-
founded opinion exists. No doubts now remain
on the minds of American statesmen that the,Gov-
ernment of the United States holds a clear and un-
questionable title to the whole of the Oregon Ter*
ntory.
I propose not to, discuss it, but I desire that this
proposition may be considered as admitted; that it
shall go before the cojintry in connexion with the
argument" I propose to make in favor of the policy
suggested by the resolution on your table; that it
may go to the country as the admitted and indispu-
table opinion of American statesmen, with scarcely
any—if, indeed, any—dissenting voice; and that
this title to the Oregon Territory is thus considered
by us clear and unquestionable.
There is another proposition, Mr. Chairman,
which I will not stop to discuss; but I desire to
place it, like the one to which I have just a!luded,
on the footing of an axiomatic fact, that the im-
portance of this territory to our Government and
our people—whether it is considered in reference
to agriculture, to manufactures, or to commerce—
is no longer a debatable issue. JNfot that I consider
* Mr. Conn is a member of the majority of the Commit-
tee on Foieigu Affairs, from whom this, resolution was re-
ported.
