1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
sage of this notice will be to involve this country
in a bloody and destructive war. Nor am I pre-
pared, on the other hand, to go with those who fear-
lessly assert that there is no danger to result from
our action in reference to Oregon. I plant myself
on this ground,-that the course which I propose to
pursue is the one called for by the national faith
and honor of my country; and I am in the prose-
cution of what I conceive to be the just rights of
my Government, and am endeavoring to carry out
the policy best calculated to secure this end. If
peace be the result, I shall gladly welcome it. If
•war be the consequence, we must meet it. It is a
crisis not to be avoided, not to be evaded, but
to be met with boldness, firmness, and decision.
When we have discharged our duties, then, sir, it
will be for another department of our Government,
and for the Government with whom we are in col-
lision upon this subject, to do what they may con-
ceive to be their duty. If, Mr. Chairman, the re-
sult shall be inauspicious—if it shall involve us in
war—I will have the consoling reflection left that I
have pursued a course of policy dictated by the
best interests of my country, as far as 1 have been
enabled to appreciate those interests. That wo
should suffer from a war, I do not pretend to deny;
that we shall lose the Oregon Territory by resort-
ing to war, I utterly but respectfully repudiate the
idea. Whenever this Government shall be engaged
in a conflict of this kind with the British Govern-
ment, or with any other Government on earth, peace
will never be declared upon terms leaving one foot
of territory which has ever been consecrated to
American freedom and American principles, after-
wards to be profaned by monarchical or despotic'
principles. No; Canada may be acquired; I do not
dispute that position of gentlemen who have argued
this proposition before the House; but that Oregon
will ever be abandoned peacefully, or in (he strug-
gle of war, my mind has never been brought to
that conclusion, nor will it be. Sir, upon this day,
this memorable, glorious 8th of January, let it not
be said by American statesmen, in an American
Congress, that this Government can be injured,
•can be deprived, can be weakened in her just and
unquestionable rights by a conflict with Great Bri-
tain, or with any other Government. Jf war mine,
I venture the prediction that when it. terminateswe
will have the consolation of knowing that not a
British flag floats on an American bree/.c; that not
a British subject treads on American soil. There
is where war ought to terminate, if come it must;
there is where I believe and trust in Heaven it will
terminate.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to consider the proposi-
tion which has been submitted to us in the form of
an amendment by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Milliard,] to whose remarks, in support of
the views he presented to the House, I listened
with deep interest, and with the course of whose
argument 1 was gratified and instructed. I am not
willing, however, to abandon the proposition re-
commended by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and to substitute, in lieu of it, the one submitted by
the honorable gentleman from Alabama; and I
will, with the utmost deference to that gentleman,
give one or two reasons why 1 think that, with the ,
views he has expressed—so nobly and so eloquent- j
ly expressed—he ought to be willing to give the
fo-by to his amendment, and to stand with us.
•et us, who agree on this subject, meet on common
ground m support of the resolution reported from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. What is the
difference in these propositions? The resolution
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs recommends
that the President forthwith give the notice. The
gentleman proposes, m lieu of that, to assert that
the President be requested to give the notice, when-
ever the public interests, in his judgment, may re-
quire it. t Mr. Chairman, I consider that this pro-
position is-evasive; and 1 aver that it must be so
considered by this country, and by the British
Government. Why do you wish to empower the i
Executive to give the notice when the public inter- I
est requires it, if, at tlie same time, we are not pre- i
pared to express the opinion that the public inter- 1
est now requires it? '
Sir, the President of the United States has sub- 1
mitted all the information, in connexion with this
subject, which may properly be submitted, and i
which, in his opinion, may have any influence '
upon Congress. With this, he gives you his opin- 1
ion that the notice ought to be given at once that I
this joint occupancy shall forthwith cease. The 1
gentleman from Alabama proposes now that, in-
stead of taking upon ourselves the responsibility
of meeting the question, and declaring that we
agree with the President, and give it to him as our
opinion that the notice ought to be given, and call
upon him to do it under our instructions, we
merely say to him that he has the power to do it,
and we shall leave it to him to decide it. Is it the
object of the gentleman from Alabama to place up-
on the Executive the responsibility of giving the
notice when the public interest requires it? If so, I
the Executive has already taken that responsibility, !
so far as it can be placed upon the shoulders of any [
man, by the recommendation which he has sub- j
Heve yourselves from the responsibility—and I call j
mitted in his Message. If you desire, then, not to re- ,
the attention of the friends of this measure to the <
distinction which I draw—if Congress is willing to !
assume the responsibility: if you believe the time j
has arrived when this notice should be given, when !
this joint occupancy should cease, when the rights i
of the Government should be declared and main- :
tained, cost what it may, then meet it boldly face ;
to face: come up to the question, as presented by j
the report of the committee, and say to the Presi- i
dent, " Cause the notice to be given." .But do not !
avoid the responsibility; do not step gently behind
the screen, and say to the President, We dccline
' giving an opinion ourselves as to the proper policy
, ' to be pursued at this time; but we will give you
4 the power, (which perhaps he may already pos-
4sess,) if, in your judgment, the interest of the
* country requires it, to give the notice hereafter."
I say, let us have no evading of this question. If
we Believe the notice ought to be given, tat us so
declare by our actions. i
The liaimuw of the Chairman suddenly fell, ter- \
minatin<r Mr. C.'s remarks at tins point, and the '
sharp sound ".Mr. Chairman" rung from twenty
earnest applicants for the floor.
Air. AlcCLKRNANI) having obtained the floor, :
addressed the committee. v j
It had been objected (he said) by the minority of '
the Committee of Foreign Affairs m their report,
that Congress has no rightful jurisdiction of the res-
olution under consideration. The resolution directs j
the President to notify Gzeat Britain that the eon- 1
vention o( 1827, m regard to the Northwest coast, •
will be annulled and abrogated by the net of the
United .Statesat the end of twelvemonths after such '
notification. To pass such a resolution, it is con-
tended, would be to usurp the peculiar prerogative 1
of other branches of the Government, and to violate
the adjustment of powers by the Constitution. Mr. !
McC. denied that such would be the effect, and con- I
fidently affirmed the competency of Congress by law ;
to annul the convention. Not having time to en-
large upon his position, he would state the principle
involved by it, with a precedent to support it, and
pass on for the present. The Constitution declares
that " the laws of the United States which shall be
4 made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made, or
4 which shall be made, under the authority of the Uni-
4 ted States, shall be the supreme law of-the land." .
Congress is vested with "all legislative powers''
granted by the Constitution. Congress, therefore,
may annul a treaty—being a law—although ex-
pressly excluded by the Constitution from any par-
ticipation in the formation of treaties. It seemed
to be proper that the law-making power should have
a voicc in annulling such laws as consist in treaties,
as a compensation for the deprivation of a voice
m making them. This view derived additional
force from the reflection that the power to make
treaties partook as much of the essence of the law-
making as of the executive power; and he doubted
not that,although convenieneemight elect the Exec-
utive and Senate as the agents to make treaties, vet
the interests of the country and the safety of its in-
stitutions would be as well subserved by leaving a
co-ord'nate power to annul them to the exercise of
Congress. It was in the exercise of such a power
that Congress, in 1793, annulled, by legislative en-
actment, the treaties of alliance and commerce previ-
ously entered into with France. (See the act enti-
4 tied 44 An act to declare the treaties heretofore con-
4 eluded with France no longer obligatory on the
* United States." Laws U. S., vol."3, p. 76.)
Such a repository of power (Mr. McC. thought)
would be a safe and judicious one. At all events,
the power of Congress to annul treaties could not be
more abused than the power of the President and
Senate to make treaties, had been. Congress, in
1839, perhaps, resolved that they would not part
with any portion of the territory of Maine, to sat-
isfy England; yet the treaty-making power had
dismembered Maine, transferred the allegiance of
the citizens of the Republic to a distant monarchy,
and had, at the same time, agreed to pay England
I for taking the boon. He was for bringing- the
treaty-making power, now compaiatively irrespon-
sible, as near the people as the Constitution would
allow; and a step towards the object would be
made in asserting the right of Congress to annul
treaties when obnoxious.
Again: Congress was vested with the power
" to declare war, and grant letters of marque and
reprisal." This power evidently earned with it
that of annulling treaties, for war and a treaty of
amity could not exist at the same time.
Air. AlcC. said he was in favor of repeal—yes,
legislative repeal—of the convention. The Pi evi-
dent had recommended, in liis Message, that no-
tice be given; and also " that provision, by lawt
be made for giving it;" and he was prepared for
one to make it.
Thegentlcman from South Carolina [Air, Rhett]
asked, the other day, what reason there was for tlie
notue. Mr. McC. said there were manv> some
of-which he would briefly recount. The first of
all was, that Oregon was ours—every inch ours—
from the. 42° to the 54° 40' north latitude inclusive;
and being ours, under existing circumstances, the
honor and the interest of the country requiied that
we should exclude all foreign and antagonistical
jurisdiction from it. It was'a fact that, under the
convention, Great Britain was attaining ail that she
could attain independent of it. An idea was pur-
posely inculcated in Oiegon, by die British authori-
ties, that the settlements of the Ameiicans south
of the Columbia would be acquiesced in by that
Government; but that all such north of that stream
would be contested, if needs be, at the point of the
bayonet. _ This idea was attended with the effect
of restricting the settlements of the two countries
to different sides of the river. While the Ameri-
cans were settling the south, Great Britain, as a
counterpoise, would fill up the north—convert her
temporary settlements, for the purposes of trading
and fishing, under the convention, into peinuuient
agricultural and coimneicial communities, and
strengthen her numerous trading posts, by arming
them for the permanent occupation and mainte-
nance of two-thirds of the country, and much the
better portion in many respects.
The continued operation of such causes would
divest, or tend to divest, the American emigiants
of all interest and concern about the jurisdiction
of the country north of the Columbia; and for the
same reason that some of the cities on the sea-
board were opposed to war, the loss of property
would array their interests against any measures for
the exclusive appropriation of the country which
might lead to war. ft had been urged that time
would effect everything for us. Until now, it had
effected everything against us. The policy of in-
activity, or a state of vis inertia?, when vnderstcod
by Great Britain to be our policy, would avail
nothing against her more active means.
We might encourage emigration thither; but if
that should become the policy of the United States
to save the country, we must fail in the lacc.
Great Britain granted chartered privileges, monop-
olies of trade, worth more than bounties, to stimu-
late and augment emigration. We could not; our
institutions forbade it. Neither would we grant
N bounties of money, a rifle, an axe, a spade, &c.
jl We were too economical for that. Nor would wc
jl give anything more than a promise to give land
|j when the controversy was settled in our favor.
I] The inducements to emigration, therefore, were in
|j the hands of Great Britain rather than in our own.
| What of the capacity for emigration? Our popu-
j! lation was sparse—a few millions spread over a
|j vast extent of country, m most instances so com-
jl fortably situated that they felt no immediate mo-
i tive to emigrate. Not so with England. She is
|! blighted with a crowded, starving population; the
i| hungering masses are struggling with a mighty
eflort, with volcanic commotion, to relieve them-
selves of their distresses; and she would, there-
fore, be consulting her domestic safety, as well as
extending her dominions and power, by giving
free passage to her suffering thousands to Oregon.
I In 1844, the immigration to the United States was
i estimated at eighty-five thousand souls—one-half,
; perhaps, of the number from the British Empire,
j With a small inducement, no doubt, a consider-
