168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
able portion of that immigration could have been
turned to Oregon. The American settlers in Oregon
had also petitioned us 111 favor of the notice. They
were tired and weaned with the excitements and
agitations of the present state of things. It was
also objected by some that, during- the continuance
of the convention, we could not, without militating
against the spirit of the convention, establish mili-
tary fortifications in the country—even for the pro-
tection of our'Citizens there, who were surrounded
by numerous bands of warlike savages. We owed
such protection to them as the consideration for
their allegiance; and if there were obstacles to ex-
tending it m the treaty, the treaty should be termi-
nated. Why, then, not meet the question directly
bravely' Why hesitate to give the notice when and
so many reasjns concur in favor of it > The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancey] had said that
the convention was agreed upon as the '* substi-
tute for war"—as the alternative of war; and that
to terminate it by notice was to bring war. He
also admitted our title to the whole of Oregon to be.
valid and exclusive. What, then, is the effect of
his argument? Nothing more, it appeared, than
that wo had admitted England to the freedom of
Oregon as the condition of her peace, and that we
should continne to do so for the same object. This
was buying peace upon costly terms. We might
be called upon to concede the same freedom m re-
gard to the Mississippi river, as the condition of
peace; and yet, could or would we do it ?
Mr. McC. stud, for himself, he would have been
pleased when the negotiation for a compromise was
broken off by the rejection of the British Minister,
if Mr. I>olk had said to him, Here, sir; wc cannot
agree upon a line, let us agree to terminate the con-
vention. Such a course, it appeared to him, under
the circumstances, would have been consistent wuh
the President's opinion of our title, and with the
dignity and temper of the country.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rijett]
objected to the notice because war would ensue-
perhaps inevitably; and war had "landed" us in
federalism in the organization of the Government
at the close of the"lvevolution, and also in 1815.
He deprecated war bccausc it strengthened the
already too strong tendencies of our system of
Government towards centralization and consolida-
tion. Without undertaking to deny these asser-
tions, Mr. McC. asked whether they would not
be equally operative against any war?—whether
against the Revolution by which we won our inde-
pendence, or against the last war by which we vin-
dicated our flag upon the high seas from national j
insult, and our seamen fiom impressment? And
vet, no gentleman would say that, because the
Government may have fallen, to some extent, under
federal influences after the Revolution, or because it
cost us high taxes and a national debt, it cost us too
much. Nor would any one say that, because the j
vindication of our national rights and honor during
the last war added to the pension list, and begat a
National Bank, that for that reason it would have
been better to have acquiesced m the wrong and
insult inflicted upon us. The true maxim is not
so much to weigh consequences as to " be sure you
are ri«-ht, and then go ahead"—to "ask nothing
that is not right, and submit to nothing that is
wronf." If Oregon was ours, let us have it, and
not lose it because, by securing it, we may elevate
one party or another. Negotiation, however, was
the means upon which some rested their hopes to
o-et the country. How? Negotiation had already
offered the 49th parallel, which would have lost to
us the better part of it. Fortunately it had failed;
and he did not wish to see it renewed. Nego-
tiation had lost us Texas in 1819, dismembered
Maine, and ostracised, her free citizcns, m 184,*,
and had admitted England, m 1818 and 1827, to
the freedom of Oregon. It had also, by its mysti-
fications and complexities, wove a pretended title
in favor of England to the joint occupancy of Ore-
gon; for, it would be remembered, that, m 1818,
she set up no such title. _
Oregon was not a case for negotiation, lhe
country en masse were convinced of the validity
of our title to the whole of Oregon. Govern-
ment had no right, therefore, to disintegrate any
portion of the territory or the citizens who in-
habited it from the Union or the nation. The
elements of Government were land and people. It
was instituted to protect both, not to trade away
or give away either. For it to do so would be to
lend its own agency to its own destruction. Mr.
Clay asserted the same doctrine upon the question
of the alienation of Texas, so far as the Presidenj
and Senate were concerned. As a member of this
body, in 1821, he submitted the following resolu-
tion, as expressive of his view of the subject:
"Sesoloed, That the Constitution of the United
' States vests in Congress the power to dispose of
' the territory belonging to them; and that no treaty,
' purporting to alienate any portion thereof is valid,
' without the concurrence of Congress."
Mr. Polk also held the following views in 1829,
as a member of this body, upon the Oregon ques-
tion:
"If it shall, at any time, be deemed expedient
' by the American Congress to pass this bill, or one
' of its impoit, the course is a plain one; First, give
<the twelve months' notice that these treaties (1818
' and 1827) are annulled and abrogated, and then
' ad opt the measure. No national treaty would
' then be violated, because none would exist. The I
' national power is pledged not to violate the nn-
' tional engagements. In the meantime, he would
' not permit Great Britain, or any power oil earth,
' to take exclusive possession of any portion of the
' country. No foreign power should be permitted
' to colonize theic. lie would piotect the rights of
'American citizens there."
In 1844, ill a letter to a meeting in Cincinnati, he
said:
"Let Texas be annexed, and the authority and
' laws of the United States be established and main-
' taincd within her limits, as oho in, the Oregon
' Territory; and let the Jived policy of our Oovern-
' mart be, not to jhrinil Ureat Britain, or any other
'foreign, power, to plant a colony, or hold dominion
' over any fioition of the people or ten-itory of either."
In addition, he proclaimed, in his Inaugural Ad-
dress, oil the 4th of March last, that our title to
Oregon was "clear and unquestionable." He can-
not, therefore, recede to thc49lii parallel, disem-
barrassed of lhe previous transactions of his pre-
decessors, without perpetrating an inconsistency;
and it could only lin\e been because, as lie says in
his Message, tlait " m October, 1843, the Envoy
' Kxlrordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the
' Unilui States in Loudon was authorized to make
' a similar offer to those made in 1818 and 182G"
1>V his predecessor, which were the 49th parallel,
together with lhe free navigation of the Columbia,
that ho felt himself at liberty to offer as much as
the 49th. In explanation in his Message, he de-
clares:
" Had this been a new question, coming under
' discussion for the first time, this proposition would
' not have been made. The extraordinary and
' wholly inadmissible demands of the British Gov-
' eminent, and the rejection of the proposition made
' in deference alone to what had been done by my
' predecessors, and the implied obligations which
' their acts seemed to impose, afford satisfactory
' evidence that no compromise which the United
' Suites ought to accept can be effected. With this
' conviction, the proposition of compromise which
' had been made and rejected was, by my direc-
' tion, subsequently withdrawn, and our title to the
' whole Oregon Territory asserted, and, as it is be-
' lioved, maintained by irrefragable facts and argu-
' ments."
This declaration made, he proceeds to recom-
mend, as a preliminary and necessary measure, the
giving of the notice, and the taking of such other
measures after as may be deemed necessary to as-
sert our exclusive title.
Mr. McC. said, no man had more confidence in
Mr. Polk than himself. His constituents also
loved him; they had polled a larger majority for
him than perhaps any other district in the United
States; yet, if they believed that he was at heart in
favor of the forty-ninth parallel as an original pro-
position, he doubted not that their partiality would
undergo a change. Oregon was stronger than any
combination of politicians, or any Administration;
it involved the great principle of progression, ex-
tension, and expansion, which distinguished the
age, and particularly the American people. He
had seen a beautiful vessel sailing proudly and
hopefully, with her canvass spread to a propitious
wind upon the Potomac; and again he had seen her
suddenly broken into pieces by the explosion of
Colt's submarine battery. Oregon would prove a
submarine battery to any man, or association of
men, who might try to compromise the country by
the forty-ninth parallel.
Why, then, negotiate ? It was admitted that the
title was in us, nor could it be denied that diplo-
macy, so far, had done us more harm than good.
There can be but one object for further negotia-
tion, and that was, to secure peace, by giving more
than the 49th parallel. And was the Government
or the country prepared to make further conces-
sions? Why should we yield all and Britain
nothing ? It had been said that war would ensue
if we refused to compromise, and that the preser-
vation of peace is of the first importance; but (said
Mr. McC.) not without honor. Peace had done
much for us; it had extended our settlements from
the Atlantic, far upon the prairies of the " Far
West;" it had enabled us to grow with a rapid
growth from infancy to die vigor and strength of
young manhood; it had raised us from feebleness
to the rank and power of the first nations of the
globe; but that peace which had done so much was
the fruit of two wars—the war of the Revolution and
of 1812. Nations could only secure the blessings
of peace by recurring to the strong arm of war to-
preserve their rights when occasions required.
Great Britain would lose as much by war as we
would. War would cut off her supplies of cotton;
thus stop Iier spindles, and turn thousands of her
operatives out of employment. These operatives
would have to be appeased by large concessions,
otherwise they would, in the very heart of our
enemy, become our active and efficient allies.
Where, also, would be O'Connell and Ireland
in case of war? If they struck for repeal, Great
Britain would feel the necessity of exerting her
greatest strength to preserve peace and her posses-
sions at home. Mr. McC. said, he would avert
war by every proper precaution; but if it must
come, as the only means of preserving our ivhole
territory, then let it come. In the language of
Camille Desmoulins, a great revolutionary charac-
ter of France, he would say: " Us, messieurs, one
cry befits: To arms!" Let Americans, as with the
throat of the whirlwind, sound only "To arms!"
Mr. McC. next proceeded to speak of the allu-
sions which had been made to the course of some
of the members from the southern States, and
said, if some of them felt it their duty to oppose
the notice, he would not find fault with them for
so doing.
As a western man, he had voted for Texas, the
modification of the tariff, and the 21st rule, because
he believed it was right so to vote. If southern
gentlemen saw fit to differ from him in the case of
Oregon, it was doubtless because they felt it to be
their duty to do so.
Mr. McC. said, he was utterly and inexorably
opposed to the compromise of the 49th parallel,
and he had risen to resist that project more than for
any other purpose. He was opposed to it; first,
because it would be, as he thought, a surrender
of right and a compromise of honor; because it
would lose to us half, and much the best portion,
of Oregon, in some respects; because it would lose
to us nearly all of the great Island of Vancouver,
all of Washington's Island, the stately and valua-
ble forests which cover them, together with the
numerous smaller islands which mask the coast,
and the bays, harbors, and inlets, which indent
it; and bccause, too, it leaves us without a harbor
in Oregon save and except the mouth of the Co-
lumbia river, and the unimportant one known as
Bulfinch's harbor. Nor were these all the objec-
tions in a commercial aspect. We would lose that
portion of Oregon which otherwise would bear the
same relation to the Pacific coast, in furnishing the
mercantile marine to navigate that ocean, that New
England bore towards the Gulf of Mexico. _ The
marine that floated in the Gulf was owned in the
East Atlantic States—New England; and the ma-
rine that was to float upon the coasts of Oregon
and California, would be owned by the people who
should inhabit the country north of the 49th paral-
lel. This would be the case, because the harbors,
bays, and timber, that were to furnish a marine,
and become the nursery of seamen, were north of
49°. With northern Oregon, California would
eventually and naturally fall into our hands..
There was also another objection, equally if .not
still more important to that line. It would be seen
from the map [exhibited by Mr. ftlcC.Tthat the
island of Vancouver and the straits of Fuea, for
the most part, would fall into the possession of
Great Britain. With these she would be able to
command the mouth of the Columbia; and, com-
manding that point, she would be able to com-
mand the valley of "the "Columbia, which afforded
