1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
the only discovered access from the interior to the
heart of Oregon.
These were some of the positive and inevitable
disadvantages, hastily sketched, we would incur
by the line of the forty-ninth parallel. But the sub-
ject presented itself in other important aspects.
Great Britain owned eigjit provinces upon this
continent; containing 2,800,000 square miles. The
area of the United States, including Texas and
Oregon, was perhaps but 2,318,000 square miles—
482,000 square miles less than the British posses-
sions on this continent. Two of these provinces
(Upper and Lower Canada) stretched, coterminous
with the territory of the United States, from the
Gulf of St. Lawrence to the northwestern lakes,
and thence onward, in part by the 49th parallel, to
the Rocky mountains. Through this extent of
country, for a great distance, she had fortified her-
self for either defensive or aggiessive measures, by
a cordon of posts; and for the residue of the dis-
tance, the Hudson Bay Company had established
trading posts, easily convertible into military posts.
This xvas our geographical relation on the North
and West; ana the danger to which it exposed us
might be judged of from the events of the last war.
Then, without ship canals to admit her war steam-
ers into our inland seas, she destroyed Oswego,
burnt Buffalo, by her savage allies reduced Chica-
go, and, by Brock, conquered all of Michigan.
What would she be able to do now, admitting her
into the possession of northern Oregon, whence she
might co-operate, in the most effective manner, with
the hostile measures of the Canadas? Great Britain
opposed, as far as she could, the annexation of Tex-
as; and why? Because, by a treaty of alliance and
commerce with that State, she hoped to be able to
obtain an overland communication from her pos-
sessions in the West Indies with Oregon, and thus
environ our southern frontier, as she has already
our northern. This (said Mr. C.) was a biief
view of the geographical aspect, of the question.
What now was the commercial view > To under-
stand this, it was necessary to look abroad across
the world, to note the footsteps—the bloody foot-
steps—of British conquest and acquisition. Look-
ing to the Atlantic, we find her there established
in ascendant power. She owned Newfoundland,
Nova Scotia, JJetmuda, and a number of islands in
the Gulf of Mexico. She had also established
herself at Honduras, in Guatemala; thus extend-
ing the line of her possessions co-extensive with
the North American continent on that side. By
the advantages of these possessions, she com-
manded the commerce of the Atlantic, in a great
measure. In the Mediterranean, she owned Gi-
braltar, also Malta, and thus controlled the com-
merce of that sea. The Indian sea and the route to
China is subjected to her sway, by the possession
of St. Helena, the Cape of Good Hope, the Mau-
ritius Isle, Ceylon, Madras, Singapore, Hindos-
tan, and other places. Thus it appeared that Eng-
land had intrenched herself in impregnable power
in almost every sea and part of the world. What
was left to contest with her? The great ocean, the
Pacific, and the commerce of parts, at least, of two
great continents—Asia and America. And in re-
gard to this field, England was persevering, with
a steady stop, to establish her dominion there. She
had compassed Cape Horn, by the seizure of the
Falkland Islands, and by the appropriation of the
South Shetland Islands; and had even extended
her grasp as far as the Isthmus of Panama, where
she had located at Mosquito. Give her the north
of Oregon, and her dominion over the Pacific is
made complete. The Sandwich Islands fall next
into her grasp; and thus she has consummated her
great policy of conquering all rivalry, either in arms
or commerce, upon the high seas. But the north |
of Oregon ours, we become masters of the north '
Pacific, and the largest recipients of the wealth of |
the commerce of Asia. j
Mr. McC. here exhibited a map, showing the j
distances from England to China by the Cape of j
Good Hope, and over land by the Mediterranean
and Red sea to India, and the distance from Eng-
land across the Atlantic over the United States,
and across the Pacific to China and the East In-
dies—proving that the latter route was the nearest
and best, avoiding the crossing of the equator, an
object most essential to a successful trade with the
countries of Asia, in provisions, a principal article
with us.
The importance of an extensive trade with China
would become evident from a view of her vast
wealth. The trade of the nations of Europe, who
raised what we did in part, was considered a great
stake; yet it was stated to lie a fact that China, in
population, extent, and resources, was equal to the
aggregate amount of all the nations of Europe.
She fronted 5,000 miles upon the Pacific; her out-
line was 12,000 miles; covered an area of 5,000,000
sq&are miles; and contained a population of more
than 300,000,000 of souls. With a country of
such vast wealth, far advanced in the manufactur-
ing arts, furnishing tea, porcelain, silk raw and
manufactured, satins, velvets, crapes, ivory, fine
woollens, metals, white copper, the rare iron of
Formosa, and valuable gums and paints, but
wanting many of the productions of our coun-
try, it is clear that an extensive commerce,
equally advantageous to both parties, might be
opened. Nor would the commerce of China be
all. There is Japan, with a population of 41,000-
000; Cochin China, with 31,000,000; the Birman
empire, with 13,000,000; and British India, with a
population of 145,000,000;—with all of whom, in
the course of events, we might be enabled to open
and prosecute a valuable trade.
But, without pausing to dwell upon particulars,
what (lid history teach us in regard to the trade of
the Bast? When confined to the narrow limits of
caravans, it elevated feeble States into powerful
ones ; it contributed largely to the support of the
Giecian monarchies, both m Syria and Egypt; it
retarded the downfall of Constantinople for a long
succession of years; and it raised Venice from an
otherwise obscure republic, to the rank and power
of the most potent kingdoms.
Great Britain was awaie of all these tilings; and
hence, having no better excuse for waging war
upon China than the refusal of her Emperor to
permit her to poison his subjects with opium, avail-
ed herself of that, and forced her to open herpoits,
! and to pay ^'25,000,000 for the task. We com-
! miseratcd, with feelings boidciing oil piteous con-
i tempt, the efleminacy and want of public spirit of
i China, in submitting to this wrong, this indignity;
j luit what was the difference between China and
the United States? We submitted to the dismem-
i bermcnt of Maine, and have offered to give away
j half'of Oregon as the price of that peace with Eng-
land, which China fiist defied, and only sought
when she could do no better. China—a power
that escapcd the world-conquest of Alexander the
Great—has been made to bow before the lion of
the petty, barren island of England. Yes, China
—with her antiquity preceding the Christian era,
according to her own accounts, more than 2,000
years; with her 4,402 walled cities; with her 439
castles to guard her frontiers; and her 1,159 tri-
umphal arches—has been humbled before tbe cross
of St. George. Was it not time for the nations of
the world, animated by a common sentiment of
danger and self-preservation, to rise up and resist
her onward and conquering march ? Shall we give
away our territory to her, still further to swell the
measure of her overshadowing and portentous
power? In India, where, in 1(512, she begqed the
permission of the Emperor of one of the most
splendid and extensive monarchies in the world,
to found a factory, she now owns four empires
and six provinces, containing 100,000 square miles,
and a populatien of 100,000,000 of souls. Admit
her now on the northwest, as she is already estab-
lished on the northeast, and may we not read our
fate in the bloody and tragical history of other
countries?
The geography of North America was unlike that
of any other extensive portion of the globe. It con-
sisted mainly of a vast plain, extending from the
Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic ocean, skirted, on
either side, by the Atlantic and Rocky mountains,
| thus designed by God for one and a common coun-
| try, inhabited by millions, and blessed with free in-
' stitutions. The great mountains on the east and
the west were the granite bands formed by an Al-
mighty hand to bind the numerous States which
| were to be spread out in beautiful and glorious
I prospect over the intervening space together as one
firm and cemented Union.
Mr. GILES obtained the floor; and, on his mo-
tion, the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. LEWIS: The petition of Daniel G. Garnsey and
numerous other citizens of New York, for an appropriation
for the erection of a Ught-house and beacon light at Catta-
raugus harbor, on Lake Erie: referred to the Committee on
Commerce- „„ , ,.
By Mr. HERRICK: The memorial of Passed Midshipman
John JU Worden, of the United States Navy, for compensa-
tion for performing duties belonging to those of a higher
grade, from the 1st of December, 1840, to the 30th of May,
1842, inclusive, on board the United States ship Relief, un-
der the command of (now) Commander John S. Nicholas:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. RITTER: The memorial of citizens of the bo-
rough of Reading, Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the location of a national foundiy at Reading.
By Mr. BIGGS : The petition of the citizens of Elizabeth
City, North Carolina, praymg the erection of a marine hos-
pital at that port: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. J. G CHAPMAN: The memorial of citizens of
the District of Columbia, stauns? grievances under which
they labor, and asking that the "bridges over the Eastern
Branch may he made free. The momoiial and proceedings
of a large public meeting held at Good Hope, of citizens of
Washington county, District of Columbia, asking for changes
in the organization of the Levy Court, and for an enlarge-
ment of its powers; and also for an appropriation of a pari
of the public lands for the establishment ot public schools m
the county part of that county.
By Mr.C. B. SMITH The petition of Thomas Smith and
64 others, citizens of the State of Indiana, praymg the passage
of a law to protect the settlers on the Great Miami reserva-
tion in their improvements s referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
By Mr. EDSALL: Papers relating to the contested elec-
tton of the third congressional district of New Jersey : re-
ferred to the Committee on Elections.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Daniel H.Mansfield
and 38 others lequesting Congress to provide by law, or in
any constitutional way,for a proposal to otherGovcmments
that a confess of nations may be assembled to form a code
of international law?, by which varying interests may be do-
U'rmmcd without the evils of war: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. It- SMiTII. A remonstrance from Sparta, Ran-
dolph countv, Illinois, signed by 9S persons, against the ad-
nu.>Mon of Texas as a Statf of this* Union, because its con-
stitution tends to suppoitand pcipetuate slavery. Also, a
petition from 108 citizens of Randolph county, Illinois,
piaymg Congress to icpeal all laws m the Dijwct of Co-
lumbia permitting the existence of slavery, and the buying
and telling ot slaves; or otheivMsc remove the seat of Gov-
ernment to some place whore slavery does not exibt.
By Mr CUMMINS: The petition of William McCau«lm
and 167 other citizens of Jefferson countv, Ohio, asking for
the establishment of a daily mail routu fiom Steubenville,
Ohio, by way of Cadiz, Cambridge, and other intermediate
point*, to Zanesviile, Ohio Also, the petition ot Richard
Donaldson and 7'J other citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, asking for the same . referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Road*.
By Mr. WENTWORTH The petition of E. D. Ely and
390 other citizens of Littlefort, for a light-house and harbor
at Littlefort, Lake county, Illinois : referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of John Owen, of
Solomon Russell, and of Isaac Davenport, which were seve-
rally leferred The remonstrance of William Kelburn and
23 others of Wilton, Maine; of George Gage and 3ft others
of Wilton, Maine ; of J Stoc It bridge and 16 others of Bath,
Maine; of Gershom Hyde and 51 others of Bath, Maine ; of
John Ilenkley and 36 others of Geoigetown, Maine, against
the admission of Texas as a slave State.
By Mr. PERRILL: The petition of Gardner Herring,
praymg for a pension : referied to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. SCHENCIC: The protest (received after the reso-
lutions of admission had passed) of H. L. Brown, Thomas
Cie<j£, and 1^1 other citizens of Ohio, against the admission
of Texas as a blave State: laid on the table. The petition
of James Penine, Gcoige B. Holt, and 423 other citizens of
Montgomery county, Ohio, praying for one uniform late of
postage, of two cents, thioughout the Union, on each letter
not exceeding half an ounce in weight: arid that tiie frank-
ing privilege be entirely abolished : referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CATHCART: The petition of citizens of Pulaski
county, Indiana, praymg the establishment of a post route
from Monticello, in White county, to South Bend, in St. Jo-
seph's county referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
By Mr YOST: The memorial of the heirs of Robeit
Fulton, praying the attention of Congiess to their claim
against the Government of the United States, in consid-
eration of the use of his invention ot the application of
steam power to vessels: refeired to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
By Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL • The petition of George
Lee, of Norwich, Connecticut, to have refunded to him tiie
proceeds of the wreck of the brig Plaio, paid into the treas-
ury of the United States ; al^o for money expended for the
shipwrecked seamen on board the said brig: referied to the
Committee of Claims.
By Mr. ELLSWORTH The petition of H. H. Kellogg
and others, inhabitants of Tompkins county, New Yoik, m
relation to duties on soda ash,barilla, and sal soda: referied
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. FRIES: The petition of William Snyder, of Co-
lumbia county, Ohio, for an increase of pension, for services
rendered during the last war: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN: The petition of citizens of
Maryland, for a free bridge across the Eastern Branch of the
Potomac river, was withdrawn, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
By Mr. B. R. YOUNG: The petition of Mrs. Catharine
Adair, widow of the late Gen. John Adair, asking a pension,
