1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
erhoff, Brodhead, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman,
Clarke, Cobb, Colin, Culloin, Culver, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Darragh, Dillingham, Erdman, Ed-
win H. Ewing, .Picklm, Giles, Goodyear, Gor-
don, Grider, Grinnell, Grover, Hamlin, Harper,
I. E. Holmes, George S. Houston, Edmund W.
Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, James H.
Johnson, George "W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, Mc-
Gaughey, McKay, Morse, Norris, Owen, Parish,
Reid, Ritter, Saw telle, Sawyer, Scammon, Tho-
mas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, St. John,
Tibbatts, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, and
Williams—63.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolutions were
not introduced.
The SPEAKER, then proceeded to call for
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS B. KING,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
William Fuller, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, made a report upon the
petition of the heirs of Larkin Smith, accompanied
by a bill for their relief; which bill was read a first
arid second time, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole House to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Margaret C. Hanson, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made a report upon the memorial of John
E. Holland, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which bill was read a first and second time, and
committed to a committee of the whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made tin adverse report upon tile
petition of John Martin; which was liud upon the
table.
Mr. OWEN, from the Select Committee oil the
subject of the Smithsonian Institution, reported
the following resolution; which was read and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the bill organizing a Smithsonian
Institution, heretofore referred to the Select Com-
mittee on that subject, be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a statement
of the moneys appropriated for the contingent ex-
penses of the military establishment for the year
1845, in pursuance of the 5th section of the act of
3d March, 1845.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, made a report upon the petition of the sure-
ties of William Estis, accompanied,by a bill for lus
relief; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriation for the
payment of revolutionary and other pensioners of
the United States for the year ending the 30th June,
1847, which bill was lead a first and second time,
and committed to the Committee of the whole
House on the state of the Union.
JN'AVAL PENSIONS.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, report- I
ed a bill making appropriation for the payment of 1
navy pensions for the year ending the 30th June,
1847; which bill was read a first and second time, ;
and committed to the Committee of the Whole '
House on the state of the Union, to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, j
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means 1
be discharged from the consideration of the petition j:
of Samuel Smith and Jewett March, and that it be !
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. jl
Mr. M. L. MARTIN gave notice of a motion ii
for leave to introduce a bill to enable the people of j
Wisconsin to form a constitution and State Govern- ' j
irient, and for the admission of such State into the j1
Union. !
Mr. LEAKE, from the Committee of Claims, ||
made an adverse report upon the petition of Elbert j,
V. Hungerford; which report was laid upon the
table.
On motion of Mr. GORDON,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Hayne M. Salmon, of the city of New York, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. HOGE
asked, and obtained leave, and introduced a bill for
the improvement of the Mississippi river; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. DARGIN
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill to re-
gulate writs of error and appeals from the district
! court of the United Stales fur the middle district of
Alabama; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
in pursuance of previous notice, Mr. ROBERTS
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill in re-
gard to the railroad leading from Jackson, through
.Brandon, to the western boundary of Alabama;
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
! red to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
j In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. RATH-
! BUN asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill
I to regulate the time of holding the courts of the
i United States m the northern and southern districts
j of New York, and for other purposes; which was
i read a first and second time, and referred to the
| Committee on the Judiciary.
j NATIONAL FOUNDRIES.
! Tn pursuance of previous notice, Mr. BROD-
1 HEAD asked, obtained lea\e, and introduced a
bill to pro tide for the establishment of national
foundries; which bill was read a lirst and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. SEAMAN gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill foi the relief of J. Chasseaud, American
consul in Syria and Palestine.
A bill lor the lehef of Emanuel Bern and John
W. Keese, of the city of New York.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce bills of the following titles, viz :
A bill making appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor at the city of Cincinnati, and the con-
struction of a channel-way between the same and
the cities of Covington and Newport, to render the
more accessible the military depot, and for the pro-
tection of the public property at the latter place.
A bill making an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a canal around the Falls of the Ohio river,
on the Indiana side, so as to have an ascending
navigation on the one side, and a descending navi-
gation on the other side of said falls, free from toll.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. WENT-
WORTH asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill granting a quantity of land to the State of Illi-
nois to aid in the completion of the Illinois and
Michigan canal; which bill was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. HUB-
BARD asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill
authorizing the issue of scrip in exchange for rev-
olutionary military land bounty warrants ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
i In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. STAN-
TON asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill
to establish a port of entry at Memphis, in Tennes-
see; which was read a lirst and second time, and
! referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of making an appropriation to build a marine hos-
pital on the site purchased by the Government for
that purpose at Paduoah, Kentucky.
On motion ol' Mr. B., on leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-road from Smith-
land via Burton, to Mayfield, in the State of Ken-
tucky.
Bills and resolution from the Senate of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
An act to provide for raising a regiment of
mounted riflemen, and for establishing military sta-
tions on the route to Oregon;
An act for the relief of James Bogardus; and
Resolution, regulating the printing of Congress
and establishing the compensation of the same; all
which said bills were severally read twice and ap-
propriately referred.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. JAMES
B. HUNT asked, obtained leave, and introduced
a bill, to apply certain alternate sections of the pub-
lic domain towards the completion of certain works
of internal improvement in the State of Michigan,
and for other purposes; which bill was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. FICKLIN
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill to
grant to the States of Indiana and Illinois a portion
of the unsold lands in the Vmcennes, Palestine,
and Shawneetown land districts, for the completion
of the national thoroughfare connecting Lake Erie
with the Ohio river, by the improvement of the
navigation of the Wabash ; which bill was read a
first and second time, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. LUMPKIN, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of in-
creasing the salaries of the District Attorney and
Maishal of the United States for the district of
Georgia; and that they report to this House by
bill or otherwise.
NAVAL DEPOT ON LAKE ERIE.
On motion of Mr. BRINTCERHOFF,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to mquiie into the expediency of es-
tablishing a naval depot on Lake Erie.
Mr. LAWRENCE gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a bill further to amend an act
supplementary to an act entitled 41 An act to fix
4 the value of certain foreign moneys of account in
'computation at the custom-house.
Mr. BOWL1N gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill granting certain alternate sec-
( tions of land, in and near the New Madrid and St.
■ Francois river swamps, for the purpose of reclaim-
I mg said lands, and increasing the value of the pub-
i lie land in the vicinity thereof.
Mr. COCKE gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of John Lawson, deceased.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CULVER gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill for the prospective abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
NAVAL DEPOT AT CHICAGO.
Mr. JDOUGrLASS gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to establish a naval depot at Chicago on
lake Michigan;
A bill to improve the navigation of the Illinois
river, with a view to a ship-canal between the Mis-
sissippi and the northern lakes.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. YELL gave notice of a motion for leave to
introduce a bill to change the manner of sale of
: the public lands.
| In pursuance of notice, Mr. KENNEDY asked,
; obtained leave, and introduced a bill to attach to
j the Port Wayne land district certain tracts of land
lying within the limits of that district which are
not now attached to any land district; which bill
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public lands.
[n pursuance to previous notice, Mr. ROBERT
SMITH asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bilito create the city of Alton a port of delivery;
which bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MINERAL LANDS.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. HOGE
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a joint reso-
lution in relation to mineral lands, which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. McCLEL-
LAND asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill
for the relict of Jeremiah Moois; which bill was
