172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
read a first and seeond time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. JAMES B.
HUNT asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill to change the mode of selecting certain school
lands; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. MORGAN
L. MARTIN asked, obtained leave,and introduced
a bill to provide for continuing certain public works
in theTerritory of Wisconsin; which bill was read j
a first and second time, and committed to a Com- J
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow. j
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. DAR- i
RAGH asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill j
authorizing the payment to the judges of district '
courts for the eastern and western districts of Peiin
[Several resolutions hereafter given, were intro-
duced by special permission. All these matters,
except such as gave rise to other than the ordinary
motions, will be found among the general busi-
ness.]
THE TARIFF.
Mr. McCONNELL rose and said that he gave
notice that ho would to-morrow, or on some subse-
quent day, ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal
the tariff act of 1843, with all its iniquities.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. C. B. SMITH, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the completion of the Cumberland
road in the State of Indiana, and to surrender the
Mr. C. B, SMITH moved that it be referred to
the Committer on Roads and Canals.
Mr. STEWART asked the yeas and nays oil
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. McCONNELL withdrew his motion.
And then the bill was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
sylvania, and the district of New Jersey, the salary 'j sanle to the State.
which has accrued to the circuit judges of the 'I ^r' McCONNELL moved that the bill be laid
United States for the district of Pennsylvania and I; on tile
New Jersey, since the death of said circuit judge; !!
which bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. THIBODEAUX,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and is hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of extending the port of Now Orleans to the
upper hnuts of the'eity of Lafayette.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. GENTRY
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill pro-
viding for a survey to ascertain the proper location I
and cost of constructing: a railroad from Chtuta-
nooga to Nashville; which bill was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Tn pmsuaiif'c of previous notice, Mr. JOIIN A.
ROCKWELL asked, obtained leave, and intro-
duced a bill to appropriate an additional section in
eacli township of the public lands of the United
States, m support of common schools; which bill
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. TIR-
BATTS asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill to authorize the purchase of the residue of the
stock held by individual stockholders in the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company, and the Louis-
ville Dry Dock Company, and to make the navi-
gation of said canal free from toll; which bill was
read a first and second time, and committed to i\
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union.
In pursuance of notice, Mr. McGAUGIlKY
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill to con-
firm to the State of Indiana certain lands for the
continuation of the Wabash and Kne canal, and
for other purposes; which bill was read a fust and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The committees having been called through—
Mr. WENTWORTH, on leave, and m pursu- ;
ance of notice heretofore given, introduced a bill j
to cede the public lands within the limits of the j
new States to the States in which they lie, on cer- j
tain conditions; read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOGE asked leave to introduce a bill.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER said that the business first in
order during the unfinished portion of the morning .
hour would be, the resolution in relation to the ;
printing of Captain Fremont's report. :
Mr. BRODHEAD asked leave to introduce a j
bill. I
Objections were made. 1
Mr. HOGE announced his motion of leave for a ;
similar purpose. I
Objections were made. !
Mr. T. B. KING asked leave to introduce a me- ;
monal from the Chamber of Commerce of the city '
of Savannah. j
Objections were made. [
Mr. HOGE moved that the rules be suspended
for half an hour, to admit of the introduction of i
bills, of which notice had heretofore been given, ■
and which should not give rise to debate. j
Several members suggested that the motion
should be so modified as to include resolutions.
And two-thirds voting in the affirmative—
The original motion, without the modification,
wa'c agreed to.
SINGLE DISTRICT SYSTEM.
Mr. NORRIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
peal the sccond section of the net approved June
135, 1842, entitled "An act for the apportionment
4 of representatives among the several States ac-
' cording to the sixth census."
Mr, McCONNELL called for the reading of the
bill.
And it was read.
!| Mr. McCONNELL moved that the bill be laid
jj under the table.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not in
!: order.
i! Mr. McCONNELL then moved that the bill be
!' laid o7i the table.
'| The SPEAKER snid that motion icasin order.
;j Mr. McCONNELL was proceeding to make a
: remark—
j| When the SPEAKER interposed,and said that
!j debate could not be cnlert lined.
;j Mr. G. HOUSTON submitted to his col-
league [Mr. McConxki.l] that it would be best to
. give ihe ordinary reference to the bill, and not to
:> dispose of it in tins summary way.
fj After a brief conversation, the question on the
■! motion of Mr. McConnkll was taken, and de-
■ I eided in the negative.
;; So the House decided that the bill should not be
.. laid on the table.
j' And it was then referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF OREGON.
Mr. BOWLIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to vintrouuee a bill to or-
ganize aTomtorittl Government in the Territory of
Oregon, and for other purposes.
'I he hill having been lead twice by its title,
Mr. BOWLES moved that it be referred to the
Committer of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DOUGLASS suggested its commitment to
: the Committee on the Territories; for the reason,
! he said, that the committee had the subject of a
; Territorial Government before them, and that it
| was their intention very shortly to report a bill.
] Mr. BOWLIN said he would not object,
j Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the bill;
| which was ordered.
} And the Clerk proceeded to read it; when
j Mr. BOWLIN suggested that the bill was identi-
; calwith that which had passed the House at the last
; session, excepting only one or two slight amend-
j ments.
j Mr. ADAMS withdrew his demand.
! And the bill was referred to the Committee on
i the Territories.
[ PUBLIC EXECUTIONS AND CUSTOM-HOUSE
l OATHS.
| Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to give no-
| tice of a bill.
! No objection being made, the notice was given;
j but had not been read, when
j Mr. ADAMS .suggested to the Chair that the no-
j tice should be read, so that the House might know
what the bill was. For otherwise, it was no notice
at ail.
The SPEAKER said these notices were always
entered on the Journal.
Mr. ADAMS repeated his request that the no-
tice might be read. If not react, it was no notice
at all; and the members of the House could know
nothing about the matter until some days after-
wards, when the bill might be introduced.
The notice was then read as a notice of two bills:
A bill for the abolition of custom-house or other
oaths extra-judicially administered under the au-
thority and laws of the United States;
Also, a bill to prohibit the public execution of
criminals under the laws of the United States.
Ordered to be entered on the Journal.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL asked leave to offer
a resolution.
Objections were made.
Mr. GROVER moved (the half-hour having
almost, but not altogether, then expired) that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The vote stood—ayes 78, noes 84.
So the motion was rejected.
And, after the transaction of some further busi-
ness, which will be found amongst the general
details,
The SPEAKER announced the expiration of
the half-hour.
Mr. McCONNELL moved further to suspend
the rule, for the purpose of proceeding with the
particular class of business for the introduction
of which the half-hour had been allowed.
Mr. COBB moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The affirmative vote was 88.
Tellers were demanded, and ordered.
Mr. COBB suggested that, as the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Giles,] who held the floor,
would not be here to-morrow, it was a matter of
courtesy to him to gUe him an opportunity to
make his remarks to-day.
The vote was then again taken, and the ayes
were 95.
The noes gave it up. And so the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN (too late) made an inquiry as to
the claim of the private calendar to precedence this
day.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. McCONNELL rose and said he desired to
give notice that he would to-morrow, or on some
future d«y, ask leave to introduce a bill giving to
every white man one hundred and sixty acres of
ground, provided he would work it.
OREGON.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tib-
batts of Kentucky in the chair,) and resumed the
i consideration of " The joint resolution of notice to
1 { Great Britain to annul and abrogate the eonven-
£ tion between Great Britain and the United States,
' of August 6, 1827, relative to the country on the
' Northwest coast of America westward of the
' Stony mountains, commonly called Oregon."
Mr. GILES,- who was entitled to the floor, rose
and said:
Mr. Chairman: There are some questions whose
importance and whose greatness are such as to
swallow up for a time all others, to chain the minds
of men to their consideration, and to compel them
to yield their undivided attention. Of such a char-
acter is the subject which we are now discussing.
Its importance is coextensive with the American
continent, and lasting as the American name. Its
interest is felt, and its decision anxiously looked
for, upon every spot where live the principles of
American liberty. The merchant in his counting-
house—the mechanic at his daily toil—the farmer
as he tends the field of promise—the hunter as he
presses over the boundless prairie—even the travel-
ler as he pursues his solitary way by the banks of
the Columbia—feels its interest and looks anxiously
for our decision.
But, sir, its importance goes further. As it re-
lates to peace or war, it affects all Christendom.
As it may involve two of the greatest commercial
nations on the earth in war, it interests and affects
every man—every civilized man—on whatever spot
he may dwell. To-day, sir, our commerce whitens
