1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
the dark places of Europe. Our glorious republi-
can institutions have engendered a jealousy beyond
the waters; and if the contest comes, it will be an
effort to break down the resources, and to cripple
the energies, of this mighty nation. Sir, if this
contest comes, Hook down the distant future, and
I see no speck of cloud upon our political horizon:
no shade of doubt crosses my mind as to the final
issue of that conflict; for
« Freedom's battle, once begun,
Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son,
Though baffled oft, is ever won "
Mr, LEVIN here obtained the floor, and pro-
ceeded to show our claim to the whole of the Ore-
gon Territory, fie quoted the Message of Mr.
Monroe, denying the right of foreign powers to
colonize any portion of the continent of North
America, He founded this principle of inherent
right upon the genius of American institutions,
which permits not the proximity of monarchies
upon our soil—on the laws of God, which have
given the earth to man as his habitation, and told
him that the boundaries of a country terminate
only where oceans intervene, and contiguity is ob-
structed by some formidable obstacle. He pointed
to the possessions of England, which were obtained
by physical force, and not by justice of claim, de-
rived from treaty, cultivation, or occupation. On
our part (said Mr. L.) we start with the natural
foundation of all legitimate claims to national ter-
ritory, and if that principle pushes our adversary
from every foot of American soil, it is a conse-
quence to be neither feared nor regretted. The
position here laid down, was happily illustrated
by allusions to Louisiana, Florida, and Texas. In
introducing an allusion to the annexation of Tex-
as, however, Mr. L. hoped he would not be mis-
understood. I was not (said Mr. L.) an advocate
for the annexation of Texas as a Suite,x though
willing to see her annexed as a Territory of the
United States; and when I recorded my vote on
that question, I fixed my eye upon the probable
day when Canada would point to the precedent
you have established, and ask for a representation
on this floor—a representation from the most in-
veterate and uncompromising monarchists on the
face of the earth. Look to the consequences that
may result from such procedure, and then southern
gentlemen will do me the justice to believe that, if
I seemed to be indifferent to southern interests, I
was, at least, watching over the welfare of their
children.
The argument which I have endeavored to make,
(said Mr. L.,) may be opposed by the fact of her
Britannic Majesty now having actual possession of
a large amount of territory in the North, and that
a tract of Maine had been ceded to her. This is
accident of time and occasion, having no applica-
tion to a principle in nature, which is eternal and
must triumph.
If we have rights, (said Mr. L.,) we are bound
by every solemn obligation to assert them; for
while I would avoid precipitation on the one hand,
I would equally steer clear of that vexatious delay
which is tne next thing to defeat, and which too
often passes under the name of deliberation. The
argument to defer the assertion of our right over
that territory, that we may have an opportunity to
populate the country, would be a good one if Eng-
land would promise to go to sleep, while we are
active in making our settlements. But is she de-
ficient in the elements of settlement? Is Europe
deficient in the means of populating this country?
Let us look at facts; she is even now sending an-
nually to this country five hundred thousand per-
sons—a large proportion of them her refuse pop-
ulation. Yes, sir, (said Mr. L.,) estimating our
present population at twenty millions, she sends
m one year one-fortieth as many as our entire
population; in two years one-twentieth, in four
years one-tenth, and in eight years one-fifth,
which, added to her present population, will en-
able gentlemen to ascertain how long it will take
to place her in the ascendant, and enable her to
forge chains for our children's necks.
I am not in favor of Oregon because I wish to
see a settlement there of Chinese, or Japanese, as
has been intimated on this floor. I believe we have
more than enough in any three of our oldest western
States, to people more land than we shall ever ac-
quire; and all history tell us that two distinct peo-
ple, natives and strangers, cannot subsist together
without one obtaining and maintaining an ascend-
ency over the other. Americans must rule America,
or foreigners will, and it is for this very reason that
I go for Oregon.
I go for the notice, sir, (said Mr. L.,) because
I consider it a peace measure—because I believe it
will lead to an adjustment of this vexed question
in six months. I am not for war. I desire not to
see our hills blazing with watch-fires—our cottages
wrapt in flames—our mothers and wives flymg
with horror from the scene, and hugging to their
bosoms their shrieking infants. No, sir; there is
but one voice in this country that asks for havoc;
there is but one party that is anxious to let slip
the dogs of war; and that is, the foreign party of
repealers, who think that if they could involve us
in a war with Great Britain, it would enable them
to accomplish Irish repeal, and thus nerve Daniel
O'Conneli in his effort to bring down the Ameri-
can eagle in its pride of flight.
But if war must come, (which God forbid, said
Mr. L.,) let it find us defending the integrity of
American soil, which no foreign monarch must
ever lie permitted to pollute by his during tread.
Mr. L. continued to speak till the close of his
hour, when Mr. HUNTER obtained the floor. All
who are familiar with Mr. L.'s rapid style of ora-
tory, know the difficulties which surround the re-
porter in his effort to follow him; but we shall
write out our notes in a day or two, and publish
the speech m full in the Appendix.
Mr. HUNTER obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise; but waived the motion at
the request of—
Mr. BRODPIEAD; on whose motion the joint
resolution was laid aside for the present.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
And on motion of Mr. 13., the committee took
up the bill fiom the Senate, entitled " An act to
continue the office of the (Jommissionei of Pen-
sions.''
The bill was read, and (no amendment having
been offered) was laid aside to be reported.
MISSISSIPPI LAND CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
committee proceeded to the consideration of the
bill " to legalize certain land sales, made at Choc-
1 chumaand Columbus, m the State of Mississippi,
' and to indemnify the Chickasaws therefor.''
The bill having been read—
Mr. McKAY desired to know what would be
the amount of money required to pay for these
lands.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON referred for the ne-
cessary explanations to—
Mr. COLLAMER, who said he would explain
the object of the bill. In the first place, the United
States purchased the title of the Choctaw Indians
to their lands. After their title had become vested
in the Government, the Chickasaw title was also
extinguished. The sura agreed to be paid for the
Chickasaw lands was to be invested in a fund for
their benefit. The line had been run when the
Chickasaw cession was made; but it was after-
wards found that the line run over mto the Chick-
asaw country. Patents could not, therefore, be
issued for lands which had been sold by the Gov-
ernment. The money received from these sales,
when confirmed by this bill, was to go to the
Chickasaw fund. The whole amount did not ex-
ceed five thousand dollars.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
committee then rose and reported.
Whereupon, by common consent, the two said
bills were severally read a third time and passed.
Mr. THOMAS E. KING, by leave, presented a
memorial of the Savannah Chamber of Commerce,
for the removal of obstructions at the mouth of the
Savannah river; which memorial was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL asked leave to offer
a resolution.
But a motion to adjourn was made, and agreed
to.
So the House adjourned.
and others, praying to be indemnified for losses by insurance
on the. schooner Enterprise, driven by stress of weather
into Burmitda, and forcibly detained by the authorities of the
island.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Nathan Monroe and
65 others, citizens of Bradford, in the State of Massachu-
setts, praying that a congress of nations may be assembled,
to form a code of international law by which their varying
interests may be determined.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The memorial of the Milwau-
kie and Rock River Canal Company, praying Congress to
give its assent to a law of the Legislature of Wisconsin: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. The petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, for a harbor at Sheboygan: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. The petition of citizens
ol Sheboygan, for an appropriation on a road to Fox river :
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. CATIICAUT: The petition of William II. Don-
aldson and other citizens of Miami county. Indiana, pray-
ing the extension of the nght of pre-emption, or other pro-
tective measures, to then improvements upon the public
land®.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Hannah Nesten,
for a pension. The petition ol Mary Breek, for a pension :
rcfeired to the Committee on Revoluuonsuv Tensions.
By Mr CROZIER: Thf papris relating to the claim of
Daniel Broyles, for a pension. The papers relating to the
claim of the widow of Beth Babb, pernor, deceased, for ar-
reaisof pension: uferred to the Committee of CUims.
By Mr. ROBERTS: The petition of Mary Nations to have
her title continued to land** therein described: leferrodto
the Committer on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Joseph Wilson,
for relief: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. IIOGE: The petition of Alfied E. Ames and 103
others, citizens of the State of Illinois, asking that tho mail
route from Chicago to Honor be continued on to Galena, via
Roek Grove, Omeo, and WinsIo\v,in ^aid State of JJlinoi*.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The mcmouat of 350 citizens oftha
eitvof Cincinnati, piaungtlmt Coneies* may papains eaily
a dav as piaetieable, m order that it may become the law of
the hind, the bill tojrmrd as-un-st steam boiler explosions,
(amondatoiv of thp law of 1R3S.) reported by the Committee
on Commeiee in the Ilonse of Representatives at the 1st ses-
sion of the -Wth Congiesx.
By Mr DODOE . A preamble nnd joint resolutions of the
Council and House of RepiesontUive-. of the Territory of
Iowa, pi aviwr of Congress an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the " Aycney Road," so called, in the Termor) of
Iowa- refened to the Committee on Road*; and Canals. A
joint resolution from the ^ame bodv, linking an appiopuatmn
to repair the budge on Devil cieek, in Lee eouutv, m said
Territory: referied to same committee. A joint involution
i ftom the same bodv, instiueting the delegate fiom Iowa to
insist upon the bound.nies for the future Stare of lmvaadopt-
ed bv the coin eatioii that filmed it^ constitution loieri^d
to the Committee on Temtoue*. A joint resolution fiom
the same bodv, instructing said delegate to proem e Horn Con -
gre-^an increase oi facility on mail loute No.423;?- riMoiretl
to the Committee on the Pet Office and Po-t Ro-nls. A
joint resolution from the ^ame bodv, lequc-tingsaid delegate
to endeavor to procure tiie establishment of a mail route1
fiom Biulingtou, via Lowell, Salem, and Washington, in
Henry county, m «aid Teiutoiy, to the county seat of Ma-
haska county leferred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Po«t Koad«a.
By Mr. SAWTELLE* The petition of Luke Hilton, of
Canada Line, State of Maine, for injuries sustained while
in the seivice and employ of the Government m hauling and
distributing the monuments on the boundary line, tn Match,
1845: referred to the Committee of Claims.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of the children of
Apollo Cooper, for seven year?' half-pav : referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. I. £, HOLMES: The petition of John Strohecker,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 10, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was rend m part, and
(its further reading* having by general consent been
dispensed with) was approved.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. McCONNELL ro^e and moved that the
Journal be so amended as to state the fact, that he
had yesterday given notice that lie would hereafter
ask leave to introduce a bill giving one hundred
and sixty acres of land to every white man who
would work it for five years.
The reporter did not understand that any order
was taken on the subject.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claim,-,
made ail adverse report upon the petition of Patrick
Smith; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BEDINGER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Clement Sewall, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
to which was referred the bill from the Senate en-
titled an "Act for the relief of James Bogardus,'*
reported the same without amendment.
Ordered, That the said bill he read the third time
to-day. The said bill was accordingly lead the
third time and passed.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate
thereof.
Mr. COCKE presented a letter from the Adju-
