THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR 8z RIVES.
| New Series....No. 12.
29th Congress, 1st.Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1846.
on the 3d of December,, and that the first copies
were returned on the 16th. By conversing with
those who have heretofore done the public print-
ing, I am informed that this is about the usual
time—that is, from eight to eleven, or fifteen days
from the time at which, the documents are deliver-
ed to the public printer. I said in two weeks. I
had also intimated that a similar delay had taken
place as regarded other documents. I cannot as-
certain the dates at which other documents were
usually delivered; but by inquiring of those who
arc engaged in the folding-room, I'learn that they
generally come in as early as the holydays; and
that the folders are usually engaged during the
holydays in folding them. This year the holydays
came, so far as all practical purposes are concern-
ed, several days later than usual; because the ses-
sion commenced on the first day of the month,
whereas in some years it does not commence until
the 6th or 7th—the first Monday not happening
until then; so that the holydays were, compara-
tively speaking, one, two, or three days, at the
least, later than usual.
Some further interruption took place on a point
of order, raised by Mr. McCONNELL; after
"which—
Mr. H. proceeded. The report of the Secretary
of the Treasury at the last session was delivered
to the printer on the 16th, and was returned on the
18th; and I now submit to the House whether the
statement I made is not sustained by this fact, that
these documents have usually been delivered within
a fortnight. And this is one of the charges of false-
hood that is brought against me.
I am not disposed to detain the House on this
subject; and I declare, Mr. Speaker, to you and to
the House, that personally 1 have no feeling at. all
in relation to it. I care nothing' about any remarks
of this character, whether they appear in this or
any other paper. 1 simply rose to call the atten-
tion of the House to the subject; and the light
lu which I view it is this: an officer of this
House—for so, I suppose, I may call the public
printers, for I perceive that they take the liberty
of walking within the bar and select some of the
most conspicuous seats in the House, and are
usually, I presume, regarded as officers—an offi-
cer of this House is supposed by numerous mem-
bers to be delinquent in the discharge of his duty;
a member rises m his place, and submits a resolu-
tion of inquiry, to ascertain why there has been
delay in furnishing the printed documents, or
whether there has been any. The question I wish
to submit is this: Will the House, when one of its
officers is called to an account—if an inquiry is
instituted in relation to the discharge of his official
duty—tolerate and justify that officer in attempting
to browbeat the member and stifle the inquiry? it
is but a few days since that some remarks were
made in relation to the door-keeper, on the subject
of folding, and that some imputation was made on
him. Suppose he had come out in a newspaper
and denounced the member who had the daring or
impudence to call him to account; or suppose
that a member complains of one of the little mes-
sengers, that he is dilatory, or negligent: will the
House tolerate that the person—an officer of this
House—when thus civilly called to account, shall
attack the member who does it, thus virtually at-
tacking the House itself?
If such things are to be tolerated, we shall in a
short time come to this: that the officers of this
House—the pensioners of the Government—shall
dictate to the House, and to its members, the course
they must pursue, and the language they must ut-
ter ; and that if any member shall have the inde-
pendence to express his own convictions, or to offer
a resolution of inquiry as to the manner in which
certain duties have been discharged, he must expect
to be attacked, bullied, and browbeaten.
I ask no protection from the House. I repeat
that 1 care nothing personally about these scurril-
ous remarks, whether they come from the official
organ or any other paper.
After some further interruptions on a point of
order by Mr. McConnell—
Mr. H. proceeded. I have but a few words
12
more to say, for which I hope I may have the in-
dulgence or the House. I have aheady said that,
personally, I pay no regard—that [ have little or no
feeling—in relation to disrespectful language, let it
come from a newspaper or any other source. I
submit the question A>r the consideration of the
House. It is for the House to pass upon it. It
is simply this: whether the officers of the House—
elected by the House—dependant upon it, and sus-
tained by its support and patronage—are to be jus-
tified in making an attack upon any member who
dares to rise in his place here, and institute an in-
quiry into the manner in which they discharge
their duties ?
I have one word to say in relation to the printers
of the last Congress, (Messrs. Blair & Rives.) I
stated the other day that there had been great de-
lay in the delivery of the President's Message last
year. But at that time I knew that the fault was
not the fault of the printers, but of the House, and
of the policy which had been adopted by it in re-
lation to inquiry. And although this article seems
desiious of enlisting the sympathies of the printers
of the lust Congress, I say now—as I believe I said
then—that T had no imputation to make upon
them. I believe the delay—and gross delay there
was in some cases—was not to be attiibuted to
them, but to the policy which the House itself had
adopted.
Beyond this I have no remark to make, nor any
proposition to oiler. Let the House do as it
please1-'.
Mi. G. DAVIS rose and said that, in connexion
witli this subject, he desired to offer a resolution.
Mr. McCONNELL objected, he said, to the in-
troduction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER said that, as a question of privi-
lege, if it was such as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. IIudsont] contended, this subjcct
would override every other question.
The resolution was then read as follows:
Whereas .lolui P. Heiss, a person in the employ-
ment of this House, having in a newspaper charged
Charles Hudson, a member of this House, with
falsehood in debate: therefore,
Resolved, That the said John P. Heiss be dis-
missed from the employment of the House as one
of its printers.
Mr. PETTIT objected.
Mr. McCONNELL-said lie had already object-
ed, and that he moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN desired the Speaker to state
whether this was a privileged motion beyond that
which he had submitted to go into Comraitttee of
the Whole on the state of the TTnion. Pie did not
intend to interpose any objection; he was willing
that the resolution should be submitted at any time;
but if he was in order, he would submit his mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER said that the motion submitted
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] was
undoubtedly a privileged motion, which could at
any time be made by the rule; but that there was
this difference between the two motions: that of the
gentleman from Maine was a privileged question,
and the other was a question of privilege, and must
put everything else aside.
Mr. HAMLIN concurred, he said, in the idea of
the Chair, but could not regard the question before
the House as a question of privilege. There was a
difference between that which pertained to a mem-
ber of this House and his rights and that which
pertained merely to an officer of the House, whom
the House might at any time discharge.
The SPEAKER intimated his impression that
the question was one of privilege, and must over-
ride all other questions.
Mr. BAYLY said lie had not risen to take part
in the quarrel between the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hudson] and Major Heiss, one of
the firm of Ritchie & Heiss, who were the public
printers; but he must say that he did not concur
with the gentleman that a member on this floor had
the privilege of making injurious statements in re-
lation to the maimer in which any one of the offi-
cers of this House discharged his duty, and that
that officer was not to be permitted to correct these
statements in the only mode in which they could be
corrected—through the public press. They had
no seats here; they had not the privilege to defend
themselves on this floor; and ii they were not to
be permitted to put themselves right before the
country through the press, they would be deprived
of the privilege altogether. ,
Mr. R. CHAPMAN rose to a question of order.
He had no disposition, he said, to prevent the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] from making
his remarks; but if that gentleman did so, others
must. He (Mr. C.) did not understand that there
was any question before the House.
The SPEAKER said that the question was on
the resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. G-. Davts.]
Mr. Pv. CHAPMAN. But, sir, the resolution
has not been received*
The SPEAKER said that if this was a question
of privilege, the question on the introduction of the
resolution need not be taken. Any question which
conveyed an imputation on a member, as touching
his integrity, was necessarily a question of privi-
lege, and must override all others.
Mr. CHAPMAN, not believing this (he said) to
be a question of that character, indicated an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, Whereupon,
The SPEAKER said, the Chair does not desire
to be considered as saying what shall constitute a
question of privilege. That is a matter which must
be determined by the Hou«.e. But the Chair states
that, if it is a question of privilege, it necessarily
overrides all others.
Mr. DROMGrOOLE said he did not understand,
from the language of the resolution, that the privi-
lege of any member of the House was involved.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson]
had made his personal explanation by the courtesy
of the House; but this resolution was a proposition
to expel one of the officers of the House. Cer-
tainly that did not involve cither the privilege of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or his (Mr. D.'s)
own. He, therefore, submitted to the Chair that
this resolution, like any other, must be received or
refused by the House.
Mr. G. DAVIS submitted that this was a matter
of personal privilege. Here was a man in the em-
ploy of the House. A member rose in his seat and
made a respectful and unexceptionable inquiry as
to the manner and the time in which one of its offi-
cers had performed the duty with which the House
had charged him; and that man had the auda-
city 
Mr. McCONNELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. DAVIS; To go 
Mr. McCONNELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. DAVIS. To the public papers and charge
a member of Congress with 
Mr. McCONNELL again called to order.
Some confusion followed, and words of excite-
ment and recrimination passed between Mr. DA-
VIS and Mr. McCONNELL.
After which,
Mr. DAVIS proceeded. The freedom of debate
as to the manner in which the public printers and
the officers of the House discharged their duties,
was one of the highest privileges pertaining to
every member. It was a question not only material
to himself, but one which deeply concerned his
constituents and the country. He repeated that
this was a personal prhilege, and the freedom of
debate had been grossly and wantonly violated •
Mr. BAYLY "rose to a question of order. He
desired, in the first place, to know whether a point
of order was debatable ?
Mr. R. CHAPMAN said that he had certainly
intended to call the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] to order; but that he (Mr. C.) had not
taken any appeal from the decision of the Chair;
and if none were taken, he presumed, of course,
that that gentleman was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. My friend from Alabama, [Mr.
Pt. Chapman,] in a spirit of which I do not com-
plain, and which I was glad to see him manifest
