178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
here, called me to order. The Speaker said that 1
was not out of order. I did not understand the
gentleman as taking an appeal. And I do not see,
therefore, how my colleague, [Mr. Dromooolf.,]
who is so an fait at questions of order, or (he gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] took the floor
from me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the im-
pression that the gentleman had concluded his re-
marks before taking his seat.
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir.
Mr. R. CIXAPMAN said he had called the gen-
tleman to order; but that as the Chair did not de-
cide that this was a question of privilege, but had
left that matter to the decision of the House, he
(Mr. C.) had not taken an appeal.
Mr. BAYLY. So far from having concluded
my remarks, I had but just commenced them. Am 1
I entitled to the floor ? [addressing the Chair.] i
Mr. G. DAVIS said, he had understood the gen- I
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] as yielding the i
floor. j
Mr. BAYLY said he had merely yielded the :
floor on the ground that the resolution was not dc- i
batable. The Speaker had said that the resolution !
was debatable, and that he (Mr. B.) was in order. !
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Chapmmt] had :
spoken of an appeal, and then came the question j
on the point of order.
Mr. CHAPMAN said, that the point of order
lie had made was this : that the resolution did not 1
involve a question of privilege, and did not, there-
fore, overrule the motion of the gentleman ft'om '■
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] The Speaker, however, !
had stated that he had not decided that this was a '
question of privilege, but had left it to the House ]
to determine. Now, if it was not a question of j
privilege, it did not override the motion of the gen- j
tleman from Maine. If it was a question of privi- :
lege, it did override it. But as the Speaker had
not decided whether it was or was not, he (Mr. 0.) |
had nothing from which to appeal, lie desned to j
know, however, how it was, if the Chair did not |
decide the question, that a debate had sprung up \
on a question which, by Parliamentary law, was
not before the I louse ? I
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL suggested that the gen- !
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Hudson| and the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had based I
their proceeding on a clear privilege found in the
Constitution of the United States : " For any
' speech or debate ill either House, they [Senators
' or Representatives] shall not be questioned ill !
'any other place." Without entering into the
merits, this was a clear question of privilege— :
much higher than the one that was created by the '
rules of the House, inasmuch as it was created by i
the Constitution. Who could doubt that the gen- '
tleman from Massachusetts [i\lr. Henso'-:| iiad
been questioned in another place for what he had
said here? He had been taunted, vilified—— j
Mr. BAYLY rose and called the gentleman from |
Pennsylvania [Mr. Tngersoll] to order, not be-
cause of the course of his remarks, but because j
there was no question of order before the House— !!
the Speaker having decided that the question was |j
debatable, and no appeal having been taken. He '
(Mr. B.J hoped, therefore, that he would be per-
mitted to proceed with the few remarks he was dis-
posed to submit,
Mr. CHAPMAN (to the Chair.) What is the
question before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
the resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.]
Mr. CHAPMAN. Ts it received ?
The SPEAKER. The Chaii' so understands it.
Mr. CHAPMAN. By unanimous consent, or
by the decision of the Chair that it is in order ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been of-
fered, and it is competent for the House to decide
whether it is, or is not, a question of privilege.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I appeal from the decision
that tlus resolution is received as a question of I!
privilege. "
Mr. G. DAVIS. I submit that the appeal comes
too late. The Chair had announced his decision.
The House acquiesced, and the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was proceeding to make an
argument on the resolution, and as to the propriety
of its adoption.
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to de-
cide what is, or is not, a question of privilege. The
resolution is offered, and the House will now de-
cide whether it is one of privilege or not.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
And the question, " Is this resolution a question
of privilege," was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qatincy Adams,
Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ashroun, Atkinson, Bar-
™"?er' Blanehard, Brinkerholl', Brodhead,
Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Buffington,
Burt, Cabell, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, John G. Chapman, Chase, Chipman,
Clarke, Cocke, Collamer, Colin, Cranston, Cro-
zier, Cullom, Culver, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Dela-
no, De Mott, Dixon, Rockery, Edsall, John H.
Ewing, Edwin H. Ev/ing, Pool, Foster, Giddings,
Goodyear, Graham, Grider, GrinnoH, Hampton,
Harper, Hcrriek, Hogo, Elias B. Holmes, Isaac
E. Holmes, John W. Houston, George S. Hous-
ton, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. lngersoll,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, D. P. King,
Thomas Butler King, Leake, Lcib, Lewis, Long,
MeClean, McClelland, MeGaughcy, McHcnry,
Mc.Ilvane, Marsh, A tiller, Niven, Norris, Pendle-
ton, Pen-ill, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Hitter,
Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A.Rockwell,Root,
Schcnck, Seaman, Seddnn, Severance, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb 15. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stephens, .Stewart, St. John, Strohni,
Thibocleaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tilden,
Toombs, Trnmho, Vance, Vinton, Wcntworth,
White, Wimhrop, Wood, Wood mil', Woodward,
Wright, Yancey, and Young—11(1.
NAYS—Messrs, Anderson, Bayly, Bedinger,
Benton, Ihggs, James Black, Boyd, Augustus A.,
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cohb, Cummins,
Cunningham, Dargnn, Jefferson Da\is, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dromgoolc, Dunlap, Erdman, Ficklin,
Fries, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Henley, Hough,
Edmund W. Hubard, Ilungerford, '.Tames I!.
Hum, James II. Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kennedy, Pir^ton King, McOlay, McDowell,
Mc.Kuy, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Moul-
ton, Parish, Payne, Perry, Price, Rcid, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Simpson, Stanton, Strong,
Thurman, Tibbatts, Tread way, Williams, Wood-
worth, Yell, and Yost—57.
So the House decided that the resolution of Mr.
Ci. Dvvis was a question of privilege.
Whereupon the SPEAKER stated that the
question would override till others.
And the question now being, " Shall the resolu-
tion be adopted
Mr. BAYLY now resumed the floor.
I was going on to say, sir, (said he,) when this
question of order was raised, that I by no means
acquiesced in the position taken by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,]
that an ollicer of this House, whose conduct was
impugned by a member of this House whose re-
marks and statements were given by the press to
tile four winds of heaven, could not, without vio-
lating the privileges of tins House, set himself right
in that veiw press which had given currency to that
charge. That officer has not the right to be heard
oil tliis floor; he is entitled to no such privilege.
Mr. HUDSON interposed, and (Mr. Bayly
yielding the floor) said that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had misunderstood him. He did not deny
that the officer alluded to had the privilege of reply-
ing through the press, but he objected to his making
personal imputations, such as would not be tolera-
ted upon this floor from one member to another—
to his making chages of falsehood.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman, I understand
now, does not complain of the fact that a correc-
tion was made in the press of his statements, but
only of the manner in which it was done. In other
words, he complains here, and asks the Congress
of the United States deliberately to take up one of
its own officers, because, in an article in a news-
paper, correcting what that officer believed to be a
misstatement of the gentleman, he did not do it in
as good taste, perhaps, as the gentleman himself
would have observed; in other words, that the ar-
ticle was not one of correction of a misstatement,
but that it deals in abusive epithets. Well, I do
not mean to stand here to justify that officer, or any
other person, in the use of terms of low abuse. I
am the last man to do it. Low and vulgar abuse
always evidences, in my opinion, a vulgar mind;
and I should be very sorry to defend it in any one.
I do not mean to say, either, that this reply of this
officer was any more pointed than the charge justi-
fied. This is a question, as I have already said,
between the gentleman from Massachusetts and
the officer himself. It is a personal matter of their
own, with which, in my humble opinion, this
House has nothingto do. I have no doubt that the
officer will find his defence, if he undertakes to
make it, in the belief, which I have no doubt he
honestly entertained, that so far from the intention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts beingaiomt
fide intention to look into the facts of the case, it
was designed as a partisan assault upon the prin-
ters of Congress, who are of opposite politics to
those of the gentleman.
But as much as I differ with the gentleman on
this point, I differ still more with the learned gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll]
and with the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G.
Davis.] They have maintained, in reference to
this matter, the monstrous proposition—they have
boldly taken the ground, that the course of mem-
bers here is not open to criticism.
Mr. G, DAVIS. I have taken no such ground.
Mr. BAYLY. I am glad to hear that the gen-
tleman abandons that proposition. The gentleman
ft'om Pennsylvania, (continued Mr. B.,) referring
to the Constitution, said that the members of this
House were by it privileged from being questioned
for words spoken in debate, and maintained that
this immunity of members had been violated by
the editorial article of which the gentleman from
Massachusetts complains.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. I used the very words
of the Constitution. They were not my own
words.
Mr. BAYLY. I know that the gentleman used
the words of the Constitution; and the gentleman
maintained that this editorial criticism of the
" Union " editor was a violation of that Constitu-
tion. I say it is a monstrous position, a perver-
sion of the meaning of that clause of the Con-
stitution; and though I do not mean to go into any
lengthened discussion in reference to it, I protest,
in the onset, against the correctness of the gentle-
man's construction of it. What is the language
of that clause to which he referred? The sixth
section of the first article of the Constitution de-
clares that—
"They [the Senators and Representatives] shall
' in all cases, exccpt treason, felony, and breach of
' the peace, be privileged from arrest during their at-
' tendance at the session of their respective Houses,
' and in going to or returning from the same; and
' for any speech or debate in either House they shall
1 not be questioned in any other place."
What does that provision of the Constitution
mean ? Does it mean that we shall not be criti-
cised for anything we say or do here? Does it
mean that we shall not be held amenable to pub-
lic opinion for our conduct upon this floor ? Sir,
it is a monstrous perversion of the provision, to
niaintain any such proposition. All that it means
is, that members are not to be questioned by legal
proceeding; that they are not to be held personally
responsible. It does not mean, however, that their
conduct is to be exempted from criticism; and, if
it be such as to justify it, criticism of the most
caustic kind. Why, if this view of the Constitu-
tion be correct, how many presses are there in the
country that are not daily violating this provision ?
How many of these gentlemen letter-writers, oc-
cupying seats in this Hall by the courtesy of the
House, that are not daily violating it? They are
constantly criticising members' conduct, although
they occupy their place here by our courtesy. It
is very frequently—although I have not observed
it at this session, but I have at former sessions—
that they employ terms of vituperation and abuse
at least equal to those used upon this occasion.
But I do not maintain that they have violated this
provision of the Constitution. I utterly deny that
it has been violated by our public printer. If his
conduct is offensive, if his demeanor is so disre-
spectful as to make him an unfit officer of this
House, and if you have the power—which I am
not prepared at this moment to admit or to question
—dismiss him by joint resolution. Do it at once.
But I utterly repudiate the idea that he is violating
any of the privileges of this House by this article.
I am not prepared to admit that this House can
punish, as the gentleman presumes, for a violation
of its privileges of this sort, if violation it is. It
