1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
unquestionably has the right to protect its order;
it may punish, perhaps, for the contempts com-
mitted m its face; but I utterly deny the right of
this House to assume the jurisdiction to bring per-
sons, perhaps miles from the Capitol, before them
on a fancied contempt or a violation of our pri-
vileges.
These views, thus briefly expressed, are those
which bring my mind clearly to the conclusion
that the proposed mode of proceeding is improper;
and if it is designed to rest on the assumed viola-
tion of privilege—if it is designed as a punishment
of contempt of a member of this House—I utterly
deny that we have any right to punish or disgrace
on such a ground. So much as to this matter.
In reference to the question of printing, I am
told that the public documents at this session are
more voluminous 
Mr. G. DAVIS, interposing, submitted that the
topic the gentleman was now discussing had noth-
ing to do with the question before the House.
Mr. BAYLY, resuming. Well, sir, from the
brief exposition I have made of the ground on
which both the gentleman himself, and the learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania, have placed this mat-
ter, I leave it to the House to determine whether
the remarks I have made are irrelevant or not. If
they are irrelevant, I acknowledge it is out of my
capacity to understand what is pertinent to the
subject.
When thegentleman interrupted me, I was about
to say that, as far as the charge of the gentleman
from Massachusetts went, 1 understand that the
documents ordered at this session are more vol-
uminous than they ever have been.
Mr. G. DAVIS. It was not to the remarks the
gentleman had made that I took any exception for
irrelevancy, but to the very topic he is now intro-
ducing 
Mr. BAYLY. I misunderstood the gentleman
in reference to the matter, and I rep-rct exceedingly
that  " *
Mr. G. DAVIS, again interposing. I ask this
question of the gentleman : Whether the mnnner
and the time in which the public printers have dis-
charged their duties have anything to do with (lie
business before the House?
Mr. BAYLY, resuming. I regret very much,
after the gentleman, by the interposition of the res-
olution which he has introduced, deprived me of
the privilege I then asked, of replying to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that he should now
object to a simple statement, which may, perhaps,
contain a single sentence in reference to this matter.
But, sir, if in this House, where such a constant
latitude of debate is indulged in 
Mr. G. DAVIS again interposed with a word,
which was lost to the reporter.
Mr. BAYLY. I did not mean to detain the
House with a lengthened discussion about this
matter. All X mean to say, and which I should
have finished long ago had it not been for the un-
timely interposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, is, that the delay, in this instance, if there
has been any delay, has grown out of the volumi-
nous character of the documents ordered, and that
the public printing has been conducted with as
much despatch as has usually, or, I may say, ever,
been done. But, as I said before, this is a person-
al contest between Mr. Heiss and the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and it is one with which I
desire to have nothing to do, and one with which,
as a member upon this floor, I certainly shall have
nothing to do.
I have but one other remark to make in reference
to this resolution. I am not now prepared to de-
cide whether you have the power to expel one of
your officers, whose place, m some sort, is a con-
tract-office, when he has given bonds for the faith-
ful performance of his duties, and when he lias
entered upon them. Where' is your right to dis-
miss him, in this summary way, by resolution ?
But if it is designed as a punishment for what is
considered a contempt by a member of this House,
I utterly deny the right of this House to punish in
this mode. But as these are grave questions,
which this House, I presume, is no better prepared
to decide than I am, I shall conclude by moving to
lay this subject upon the table, that on Monday,
or some subsequent day, it may be called up.
Mr. B. mentioned, as another reason why this
subject should be disposed of as he proposed, the
fact that his honorable colleague [Mr. Hunter]
had the floor this morning to address the House
on the momentous subject of the national policy
which was under consideration; and he did not
wish to see him deprived of that opportunity by a
question of this sort, which, it did seem to him,
was purely a private quarrel between the gentle-
man from Massachusetts and one of the public
printers of Congress.
He therefore concluded by moving to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. G. DAVIS rose and (addressing his re-
marks to Mr. Bayly) said the gentleman had made
a lengthened speech upon the subject, and, at the
conclusion of it, moved to lay it on the table, there-
by depriving gentlemen of the opportunity to re-
p'y-
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Kentucky that the motion to lay on the table was
not debatable.
Mr. G. DAVIS continuing, was understood to
ask if that was consistent with the usual course of
Virginians, and to appeal to the gentleman's cour-
tesy to withdraw the motion.
Mr. BAYLY said, if the character of his re-
marks had been such as to do injustice to the gen-
tleman unless he were allowed to reply, he would
willingly withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER again called to order, on the !
ground that this was not a debatable question. |
Mr. BAYLY. Well, all I have to say is, that
Virginians will judge for themselves what is right;
and I shall not withdraw the motion.
Mr. THOMASSON asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, resulted as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. .Tohn Q,. Adams, Stephen Ad-
ams, Anderson, Atkinson, Bayly, Benton, Biggs,
James Black, Bowlin, Bovd, Brodhead, William
G. Brown, Augustus A. Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man, Clarke, Cobb, Colin, Cullom, Cmmnms,
Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davis,
DeMott, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall, Ells-
worth, Krdman, Fteklin, Foster, Garvin, Good- j
year, Gordon, Cfiover, Hamlin, Haralson, Hen-
ley, Hoge, Isaac li. Holmes, Elough, 15. W. Hub-
ard, Hungcrford, J. H. Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones. Kennedy, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leake, Leib, Lumpkin, Maclav, Me-
Clean, McClelland, McDowell, McKay, .Tohn P.
Martin, Barclay Martin, Morns, Moulton, Nor-
ris, Parrish, Payne, Perrill, Pettit, Price, Reid,
Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Saw-
yer, Scammon, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simp- >
son, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Ste- ]
phens, Strong, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp- j
son, Thurman, Toombs, Treadway, Wentworth, j
Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, I
Yancey, Yell, and Yost—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Ba-
ker, Barringer, Bell, Blanchard, Milton Brown,
Bnffington, Burt, Cabell, John H. Campbell,
John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cooke,
Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Drom-
goole, John H. Ewing, lidwin H. Ewmg, Gentry,
Giddings, Graham, Crrider, Hampton, Harper,
Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, G.
S. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Thom-
as B. King, Lewis, Long, McCrate, McGaughey,
McHcnry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Niven, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ju-
lius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runic,
Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Al-
bert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm,
Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White,
Winthrop, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright, and
Young—85.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on t he 'motion of
Mr. HAMLIN, and was decided in the affirma-
tive.
OREGON.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution of " Notice
' to Great Britain to annul and abrogate the con-
' vention between Great Britain and the United
' States, of August 6, 1S27, relative to the country
' on the Northwest coast of America, westward of I
' the Stony mountains, commonly called Oregon." i
Mr. HUNTER, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke during the hour in opposition to the res-
olution. [The publication of this speech is de-
ferred at Mr. H.'s request.]
Mr. KENNEDY addressed the committee. If
any one (Mr. K. said) had listened to this dis-
cussion, without knowing what was the proposi-
tion before the House, he would have supposed
that it was upon a question of a war with Great
Britain. All who argued against the notice to
Great Britain had considered that it would inevit-
ably lead to a war.
I contend (said Mr. K.) that it is not a question
of war; and that the measure proposed, if adopted,
will not necessarily lead to it. But has it come to
this, that to give a notice which, by the terms of
the convention, may be given by either party at
any time, shall be considered as a declaration of
war? I cannot assent to such a proposition as
that. But be that as it may, the western gentle-
men here are disposed to look, not to the conse-
quences of the act proposed, but to its propriety;
and to view it, not as a question of war, but of
right. Does the Oregon Territory belong to the
United States? That, sir, is the principal question.
That is the question that we look to, no matter
whether peace or war be the result.
If we had slept long over our rights, as some
gentlemen had said, it was because the people had
not become acquainted with them. But now the
people of the West have examined the question,
and with the aid that you have afforded them by
the publication of documents and arguments, they
have become convinced that the whole of Oregon
belongs to us.
The people of the western country did not in-
quire whether war was to follow from the assertion
of their just rights. While the question was in
doubt whether the whole of Oregon was ours or
not, they were willing to stand by and wait for a
while; but now yon have convinced us that every
inch of Oregon between the forty-second parallel
and the line of 54° 40' belongs to us. When we
had settled that question, we settled what was our
duty. You slamierus when you say that we seek
a war, and delight in blood and carnage. We are
a peace-loving people. We know that we owe
our long-continued and unparalleled prosperity to
peace, and will not go out of our way to wage an
unnecessary war upon any nation. But, sir, when
the British lion, or any other lion, lies down in our
path, we will not travel around the world in blood
and fire, but we will make him leave that lair.
The consequences could not be the subject of
consideration, when any foreign government un-
dertook to plant itself upon our territory, and ex-
clude us from the occupation of our own soil. I
put it to the gentlemen from the South, or any
other quarter, whether they believe our title to
Oregon to be unquestionable; and if they do,
whether they can oppose any measure for assert-
ing it. If they believe that it is not good, then
there is some excuse for them in opposing this
measure. But, say these gentlemen, no; we be-
lieve it to be good. Then why not pass this res-
olution for the purpose of enabling us to take pos-
session of what is our own ?
Was it not a burning, blistering, withering
shame that the cross of St. George should be found
floating on American soil?
[Here Mr. L. H. Simms exclaimed, Yes, and
it will blister our foreheads, like the mark on
Cain!]
Must this reproach be endured, because, for-
sooth, if we undertake to remove it, we shall en-
counter the danger of war? If you will give the
people bayonets, they will defend their soil.
This, sir, is no western question. I reeollcct
that we had one question before us here about
yielding up American soil, and, after declaring
unanimously that it was ours, we did yield it. ft
was given up by treaty. The West suhmitted to
this alienation of our territory, because the part of
the country which was most immediately interest-
ed in .it were willing to give it up for dollars and
cents. But such will never be the casewhen west-
ern territory is in question. The western people
will never yield their soil. They will not purchase
a peace by yielding their territory, nor sell their
rights for all the gold that could be offered for them.
All the mines of Peru would not buy from them
one inch of their land, inherited from their fathers.
Notwithstanding all that was said as to the dan-
gers of war, he had yet to learn that, if it was
