182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«T cUol ,
the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of an appro-
priation for improving the western rivers; which
"was ordered to be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. B. also presented a resolution from the Le-
gislature of Indiana, in favor of a law granting pre-
emption rights to the settlers of the Miami reserve
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSO.N, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of the legal representatives of Charles C.
15. Thompson, deceased, puiying compensation
fur his diplomatic services near the Governments
of Chili and Peru, while in command of the United
States squadron on the Pacific station; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. J. also presented the petition of William
Pumphrey, praying the confirmation of certain
land claims; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of W. 1>.
Bend, praying the repayment of certain duties ille-
gally exacted of him by the collector of the port of
jN"cw York; which was lefeired to the Committee
on Finance.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the
protest of citizens of Ohio, a^unst the admission
of the Representatives fiom Texas to seats in Con-
gress; which was laid on the table.
Mr. PENNYBACKER presented the petition
of the legal representatives of Moses Shepherd, de-
ceased, praying compensation for work done by
him on the Cumbeiland road; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Roads and Canals.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Finance,
asked that said committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of Frederick
Vincent, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill in favor of Elijah
White; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of George Duval, a Cherokee In-
dian; which was read, and passed to a second
leading.
Air. BAGBY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Catlin, Peoples, & Co., to be indemnified for pro-
perty destroyed by hostile Creek Indians in 183G,
made an adverse report thereon; which was order-
ed to be printed.
JNAVAL DEFENCES.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, in answer to a resolution of inquiry,
adopted by the Senate, in relation to the state of
the navy of the United States, reported the follow-
ing bill; which was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading:
A Bill piovidini* for the augmentation of the naval force of
the United States, and for other purposes.
JJeit enacted by the Senn/e and IIoiwnf I-t^iYrcicntntives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled) That the
Prevalent of the United Slates be, and lie is hereby, outboi-
ized to cause to be built, equipped, and employed in the
naval seivice of the United States, ten stlam-shii's, or
vessels of war, to be constructed of iron, U practicable, to
wit: Three of the ehus* of frijiiUesjfivu of'tiie cJa&.% of sloops
of war, and two of n smaller
Sec. 2. And be it fiather ciuu.tcd. That the Pie^ulent be,
and I10 is hereby, liuther amhomed, it in Ins opinion, at
any time before the commencement of the next rciiubu ses-
sion of Congress, the public e\i<roneies should lequire it. to
cause to he completed all the frigates and r loop- of war now
upon the stocks, and to repair and put into active *eivice
all the sloops or ve^sel^ of war l.owm oidiuaty
Sec. 3. And be itfuither enuctcd, That the i'lesident be,
and he is hereby, authorized to purchase or collect such
naval supplies, mcitfiiiali-, and ouliuinec, as iu.s judum.-ni
may deem the public mtetest require^, Insuring the amount
to theappropn.itionfoi this purpose boremaitcrward-i made.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in carrying into
effeet the fin-t section of this bill, the Pi evident be, and he
is hereby, authorized to cau-e s<ud -.Iup> 01 vessels fo he
bmit under contract, if, in his opinion, the public inteiest
would thereby bo promoted.
teEC. 5. Jlnd he it further enarlaJ, That, for the purpose of
carrying into effect the foregoing proviMon«, the sum of nve
millions six hundred and twenty-five thousand dollais—to
wit: for the building and equipping the .ships and vc^-m^
provided for in the first section of this bill, two millions
nine hundred and twenty thousand dollars; for completing
the ships and vessels now upon the stocks, one million five
hundied and twenty thousand dollars; for lepairs of slups
and vessels in ordinary, six hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars; foi the purchase of naval supplies, materials,
and ordnance, five hundred thousand dollars—be, and the
same is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any money
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 6 Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the first
section of the act approved March 3d, 3845, entitled "An
' act making appropriations for the naval service foi the year
' ending the 30th of June, 1846," as limits the whole num-
ber of petty officers, seamen or ordinary seamen, landsmen,
and boys, in the naval service, to seven thousand five hun-
dred, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a resolution passed
by the Legislature of Arkansas, asking for a law
to authorize the sale of the public lands in half-
quarter sections to actual settlers, reported an act
to repeal a part of the act entitled " An act supple-
' mentary to the several laws for the sale of the
' public lands, approved 5th April, 1832, and for
' other purposes;" which wag read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the bill referred to said com-
mittee, to aid the State of Mississippi in the con-
struction of a railroad from Jackson, through
Brandon, to the western boundary of Alabama,
without amendment.
Mr. S. also submitted a report on the subject,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENTON gave notice of his intention, by
leave of the Senate, to intioduce a bill to abolish
the duty ou salt.
Mr. D1CEC1NSON gave notice of his intention,
by leave of the Senate, to introduce a bill to amend
the act entitled "An act for the regulation of sea-
' men on board the public and private vessels of
' the United States."
POST ROUTES IN TEXAS.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill establishing certain post-routes in Texas, [pub-
lished a few days since,] reported the same with
amendments.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LEWIS presented the following resolution,
which was agieod to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
allowed a clerk, to be paid the usual compensation
by the Secretary out of the contingent fund of the
Senate.
JUDICIARY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
following lcsolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
modifying an act entitled "An act to establish the
judicial courts of the United States," approved
September 24, 1789, and of the different acts sup-
plementary thereto, so as to lelieve. the judges of
the Supreme Court from the peiformance of cir-
cuit duties, and to reduce the number of said
judges; or the expediency of modifying the said
acts so as to provide for a new circuit, to be com-
posed of the States of Louisiana and Texas.
Mr. YULEE presented the following resolu-
tions, which were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to make inquiry as to the various late
improvements in the construction of war steamers,
ana particularly to examine into the advantages of
the late improvements made by Lieutenant Hunter
m his subineigetl horizontal propellers, and the
adoption of his plan of propulsion and construction
for cruising and defensive purposes.
Resolved, farther, That the same committee ex-
amine into the condition of the naval defences of
the Gulf of Mexico, and report what further legis-
lation is required to give full security to the Ameri-
can coast and conimcrcc of that sea.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said: Some days ago, sir,
instructed by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
I reported a resolution from that committee to an-
nul and abrogate the convention of the 6th of Au-
gust, 1827, between the United States and Great
Britain, relative to the Oregon Territory, I stated
at the time when I made that report that I would at
some early day of the session move the Senate to
take it up with the view of fixing some future day
for its discussion and decision. According to that
notice which I then gave, sir, I now rise and ask
the Senate to take up that resolution with that
view; and when it is taken lip, if it should be the
pleasure of the Senate so to take it up, I shall move
that it be postponed to, and made the special order
of the day for Tuesday, the 27th instant.
The resolution reported by Mr. Allen was then
taken up, and the reading of it called for; but,
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the reading
was dispensed .with.
Mr. ALLEN then moved that the consideration
of the resolution be postponed to, and made the
order of the day for Tuesday, the 27 th instant.
Mr. HAYWOOD. I would greatly prefer that
the postponement extend a week later; and I there-
fore move that the consideration of the resolution
be postponed till Tuesday, the 3d of February. X
offer this motion by way of a compromise all
round.
Mr. ALLEN. When a grave question like that
submitted by the resolution before the Senate is to
be passed upon, it is very natural to suppose that
there should be some diversities of desire, if not of
opinion, as to the time of proceeding to the consid-
eration of it—diversities arising out of the personal
convenience or inconvenience of particular mem-
bers of the body. 1 was aware of circumstances
which would very naturally make it, on the part of
my friend from North .Carolina, extremely desir-
able that the consideration of this grave and great
subject should be postponed to the day that is
named. On the other hand, other Senators de-
sired that it should be considered at a day much
earlier than that which I have named. Some Sen-
ators were for one day, others for another, and in
the general desire which was felt by the commit-
tee to accommodate all as far as possible, the ma-
jority of the committee—indeed I do not know but
1 might say the decision was unanimous—settled
down on the. day which I have named. I extreme-
ly regret, sir, that I cannot acquiesce in the mo-
tion made by my friend from North Carolina. I
regret it on account of the estimate which I put
upon the value of his presence here at the com-
mencement as well as during the continuance of
this discussion. But, sir, the present is one of
those cases which it is utterly impossible for us
entirely to reconcile to the wishes and convenience
of every particular member of the body. I have
only to add that I shall be compelled to adhere to
the date named from necessity, and certainly, as I
hope I need hardly say, not from any disposition
to thwart the wishes of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. HAYWOOD. I do not wish the Senator
to suppose that I am actuated merely by a motive
of peisonal convenience. It is true, I do not ex-
pect to be here on the day named, but certainly
that consideration did not influence me to do any-
thing more than to make the personal appeal to
the Senate which has been already made. The
reason why I think the consideration of this sub-
ject should be postponed, is because I regard the
question as one to be thought upon, to be reflected
upon, to be acted upon, not one to be talked about.
And, in this view of the case, I think three weeks,
or four weeks, will afford little enough time to
Senators for consultation with their constituencies,
and with their own calm and deliberate judgments.
Besides, by that postponement, time will be af-
forded for a development, of events which may, or
may not, influence the action of the body when
the question comes up. I propose to defer the
consideration of the subject only one week later
than the date proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
"When X talk of time for reflection, I do not mean
time merely for Senators to make up their minds
on any particular point, or where the line ought to
be—whether it ought to be 49°, or 54° 41)', or some-
where between. But inasmuch as the resolution
presents a very important subject—in some aspects
an all-important subject—I do think, and I repeat
it, that we would benefit our action, certainly not
injure it, if we take three weeks time for reflection
before the talking commences. I mean no disre-
spect to this body, or any member of it; but I do
maintain that speech-making is intended more to
direct the public mind, than to enlighten ourselves.
Lot us therefore think rather than talk; and, to
do so, let us give ourselves time sufficient for de-
liberate reflection.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I desire the postponement
of this question to a still later period than that sug-
gested by the Senator from North Carolina, and
for another consideration, which will have, I think,
due weight with the Senate. If it was a question,
as had been alleged, of peace or war, it was de-
