1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
state of the Union, Mr. Tibbatts in the chair,
and resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion heretofore reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, for giving twelve months' notice
to Great Britain of-the termination of the conven-
tion of the 6th of August, 1827, respecting the ter-
ritory of Oregon.
Mr. TOOMBS was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the allotted hour.
He said that he had listened with attention and
interest to the progress of the debate; for, intend-
ing to record nis opinion on the subject, he had
endeavored to get a knowledge of it from all ac-
cessible sources. There were but two questions
which presented themselves for consideration :
First, what were our rights m Oregon? And,
second, was it expedient now to assert, or rather
to begin to assert them, by terminating the con-
vention of 1818? All the other questions which
had been presented were merely incidental and
subordinate, although such great importance had
been attempted to be given them during the course
of the present discussion. They were all second-
ary, and should be so treated. From the course
of this debate, any one previously unacquainted
with the subjcct of discussion would, have supposed
that the House of Representatives was engaged in
debating the question of peace or war; for all
those gentlemen who had opposed giving the pro-
posed notice had treated the question in that light.
This was an adroit move, and gave them a great
advantage as well here as out of doors. The pub-
lic press, that potent engine of public opinion, had
joined them in the cry for peace. Mr. T. was
for peace—for honorable peace. Peace—honorable
peace—was the mother of all the virtues and all the
hopes of mankind, and was the efficient promoter
of the progress of human civilization; but dishon-
orable peace was worse than war—it was the worst
of all evils. No man would go furl lu*r than he to
maintain an honorable peace. But m this discus-
sion there was one question which seemed to him
to have been greatly overlooked, and it was tins:
What is an honorable peace? Mr. 'J', would first
define what he considered it to be, and then on that
ground would take his stand. An honorable
peace, then, was such a peace as could be main-
tained without the surrender of clear, unquestion-
able, and important national rights. To maintain
such a peace, he would go as far as he who went
farthest. And, further, lie would not give just of-
fence to any; but neither clamorcrs within that
Hall nor without that Hall, nor the ten thousand
of British cannon, which were floating on every
wave or mounted on every continent and island,
should influence him in the decision of a question
like this; nor ought they, m his opinion, to exert
the slightest influence on any man chosen as a
representative of the American people, and honored
by them with a seat on that floor.
The time had been when inactivity was master-
ly; it was not so now. That time was past—when
and how, it was bootless now to tell. He left it to
our enemies, or rather, he would say, to our adver-
saries in this matter, to seek out and to profit by
our blunders. The present position of affairs must
form the basis of the action of the House. The
current of events had brought us into a defile,
where, if we could not with safety advance, we
certainly could not retreat with honor. A masterly
activity alone could relieve us in such a ciisis.
What ought it to be ? That was the momentous
question now presented to the American Congress.
Perhaps the fate of an empire might be suspended
upon it. We must decide it now, and decide it for
future ages and for unborn millions. Let the com-
mittee, then, endeavor to elevate themselves to the
true magnitude of this question; and let them en-
deavor to repress that intense sectional feeling
which looked only to the attainment of sectional
power*, and let them bring whatever of wisdom
and of patriotism they could command to the con-
sideration of a question so deeply affecting the wel-
fare of our common country. If they approached
the question in this spirit, they might console them-
selves in the possession of a conscience void of of-
fence toward God and toward man.
Mr. T. had no reproaches to cast, no complaints
to make, any where. He looked upon this as a
national question. We were all embarked in the
same ship, and we ought all to make common cause
when it was threatened with danger. We were
watched in every traverse of our course by a sleep-
less and a powerful adversary.
Under these circumstances Mr. T. would speak
out; and he now declared it to be his opinion that
we ought, in some form, to terminate the existing
convention of joint occupancy in Oregon.
As to the question of title, he did not know that
he entirely agreed with any one who had spoken.
He might content himself with the admission which
had been made by gentlemen all round the House,
that our title was good up to 54° 4Q'. But he should
waive that advantage, and plant himself only on
that which he believed to be truth. Gentlemen, for
some reason or other, seemed to be fearful of touch-
ing the question as to what were actually our rights
in Oregon; they contented themselves for the most
part with saying that they went as far as 54° 40'.
Mr. T. would go as far as that too, if he thought
he could do it fairly and honestly. But it was not
clear to his mind that our title was unexceptionable
up to that parallel. No man could sustain our claim
as far as 54° 40', unless he rested on the simple
point of priority of discovery, apart from coloniza-
tion and settlement. If priority of discovery sim-
ply and exclusively gave a right to the country dis-
covered, then most certainly we weie entitled to the
possession of Oregon up to 54° 40'; but Mr. T.
knew of no rule of international law which de-
clared that discovery alone conferred a perfect title.
Our title to all that portion of Oregon lying north
of the Columbia river was the Spanish tide, and
the Spanish title only. That portion of the coast
had been discovered as early as 1502 by Spanish
navigators and expeditions of .Spanish explorers.
In 1775and 1776 a thorough exploration had been
made of that part of the shores of the Pacific, and
Spain had all that amount of title which discovery
could give; but she had no more.
Now, looking through the whole course of ne-
gotiation between ourselves and (Jieat Britain on
this Oregon question, it would be found that no
one Ameuc.au negotiator had attempted to yet up
any other than the Spanish title, based on discov-
ery. It was true that the British negotiators had
been careful to say but little with respect to the
goodness of their title on the ground of discovery;
in fact, by the laws of nations they had none. It
was true they asserted that their navigators had
discovered the coast, but others had discovered it
long before them. They rested on the voyage of
Cook in 1778, and then on that of Vancouver at a
later date; but these celebrated navigators had dis-
covered only what the Spaniards had discovered
two hundred years before. The British batteries
were not mainly directed against the right of dis-
covery, because on that point we had the advan-
tage of them. The discoveries of Captain Gray,
who had not only found the mouth of the river,
but ascended it for a considerable distance, and
the discovery by Lewis and Claiko on the various
branches of the river, gave us the right to the whole
country drained by the Columbia and its tributa-
ries, provided the establishment at Astoria amount-
ed under the law of nations to an act of coloniza-
tion and settlement. Those rights possessed by
us in 1818 had been preserved to us by the con-
vention of joint occupation then entered into.
That was one very good thing, and he believed it
was the only good thing which that convention
had done for us. If, however, the Spanish title
from discovery was good, then the settlement at
Astoria was clearly an act of violation: for two bad
titles did not make one good one. In Mr. T.'s
estimation contradictory titles which conflicted with
each othcrcouldnotbothbe pleaded and admitted as
valid: if the Spanish title by discovery to the shores
on the Northwest was good, then the discovery of
Captain Gray and the subsequent settlement at
Astoria were intrusions. But Mr. T. held that the
Spanish title by discovery was not good; it gave
to Spam at the utmost but an inchoate right, to be
perfected by subsequent settlement, but Spam did
not settle what she had discovered. Our title, on
the contrary, consisting both of discovery and sub-
sequent settlement, was undoubtedly good to all of
Oregon south of the Columbia river: as far south
as the southernmost branch of that stream; and
this branch extended, as he believed, as far down
as latitude 43°, or even 42°.
It was difficult to tell, when the title of two dif-
ferent countries rested on vague and imperfect ac-
counts of early voyages often conflicting with each
other, where the boundary of one began and that
of the other ended. The boundary between them
must necessarily be a matter of compromise. Such
difficulties had formerly been causes of war, and
1 the boundary between conflicting countries had in
' most cases been established by the sword. There
was no settled rule in the law of nations which
would apply to every case. The general rule upon
the subject, viz.: that a nation first discovering the
mouth of a river was entitled to all that portion of
the country drained by such river and its branch-
es, was more generally admitted than any other,
and, under that rule, we were clearly entitled to all
that portion of Oregon drained by the Columbia
and its tributaries.
What was the British title? Setting aside the
Spanish title as imperfect, and estimating the Brit-
ish discoveries on Eraser's river, she was entitled
to that portion of the country. She was entitled
to colonize it. But neither England nor the United
States had bettered their respective titles since the
treaty of 1818. The only reason, then, given for
continuing the convention, \iz. that if the conven-
tion continued we should obtain Oiegon by settle-
ment, amounted to nothing. We might pour into
that region an incessant tide of emigrants until we
should have covered the soil with our people; we
might fill it with towns and villages; erect palaces
of government; raise temples to justice and to the
living God; but we should get no further title there-
by to the country than we had previous to the title
0!? joint occupancy. Our rights would stand just
where they had stood in 1818. Such an occupa-
tion might indeed increase our difficulties, and it
might put us into a position in which we would
more readily plunder the country or take it by
force. It might render somewhat more clear our
title from manifest destiny, but all we gained in
that -way would be in derogation of our own plight-
ed honor. Should we settle the country a thou-
sand years hence, we must still come back on the
question of title to the convention of 1818.
The American Secretary of State had put this
whole question on the ground insisted on by Great
Britain, under the treaty of Nootka Sound. This
was a sound rule both for them and for us. Wo
could get nothing, even by manifest destiny, from
the settlement of the country, unless by violation
of our plighted honor.
There was another point which he would no-
tice, and respecting which he might differ from
many other gentlemen, and that was as to our title
by contiguity. Here Mr. T. was but imperfectly
heard by the reporter, but he was understood to
say that he did not condemn the Executive for
proposing to the commissioner the parallel of 49°;
on the contrary, he approved of that offer, and
thought it ought to have been made, as the nearest
practicable approximation to the rights of the par-
ties. The British rested on the treaty of Nootka
Sound, but they themselves admitted that by that
treaty they acquired only qualified rights. Spain,
in the convention of Nootka, could convey to Eng-
land no better title than she had, which'amount-
ed to nothing, never having been peifected. It
might do very well for us now to talk about the
Spanish title, and magnify it into great impoitance;
but in 1818, when entering into the convention of
joint occupancy with Great Britain, we had very
coolly overlooked it entirely, and had proposed
to divide with Great Britain by the latitude of 49°,
at the very moment when we were endeavoring to
get the title of Spain, although we now insisted that
our title was irrefragable up to 54° 40'. The Brit-
ish title was based on their settlement of Fraser's
river m 1806, and Mr. T. did not know that our
claim from the settlement of Astoiia stood on any
higher ground: though on that question he did not
possess sufficient information to speak very posi-
tively. Having made this discovery and settle-
ment on Fraser's river, Britain claimed by the
right of contiguity; but her claim, as respected the
head-waters of the Columbia river, was encounter-
ed by ours, which was clearly good. After twen-
ty-seven years of joint occupancy, as it had some-
times been called, by which he meant the right of
free ingress and egress, and the right of settlement,
those rights became hers and ours by our consent.
When the convention of Nootka was entered into,
Spain possessed a title which was acknowledged
by Russia. She had made the discoveries, but
had not enioyed the usufruct. Her title was good
against England as far as 49°. In 1818 we were
in the condition both of England and of Spain, de-
siring only the right of trade. We then made a
convention of joint occupation. It was a wise
measure, and saved our rights. We were now
prepared to colonize; the vast numbers of our peo-
