188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
manufactured from this staple of the South. Be-
side, the commerce of the North was deeply inter-
ested in her whaling-ships. That ocean is now
covered with nearly seven hundred ships, and half
a hundred smaller vessels, manned by more than
20,000 of our citizens, and sending; home as the
fruits of their labor more than tluee millions of oil
annually.
Mr. H. proceeded to enlarge upon the value and
extent of the commerce which would grow up be-
tween the East Indies and our Pacific country, if
we had possession of Oregon. The trade between
the United States and the East Indies was already
vc y important. But it would be vastly increased
when we should find a route for that trade overland
to the Pacific and across that ocean to India.
Wherever commerce went, there the lights of civ-
ilization and Christianity would soon be found.
Wherever the people of the East have become en-
lightened by commercial intercourse with us, she
would consume a vast quantity of our products,
while they would supply us liberally with theirs.
Who could tell what uncounted millions of manu-
factured goods from the United Slates would be
marketed mthe East Indies? Commerce was there-
fore deeply interested m preserving the integrity of
our domain. I Te would gladly puisue this subject
further if time was allowed, and show that this
question was one that concerned the commerce of
the whole country, and that the whole people of
the United States were interested m it. But he was
limited m time, and he could not pursue (he subject
in all its details.
He was in favor of giving; this notice, as he had
already declared, lie was in ftu or of ins; it now.
For this course he would give reasons. First, he
trusted that by giving the notice, the danger of de-
lay and of obstruction in our councils would be ob-
viated. The gentleman who had immediately pie-
ceded him in the debate [Mr. Toombs] preferred the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. :
Milliard,] which left it discretionary with the
President to give the notice at such time as he might :
see fit. That would lead to serious difficulties. He :
would say that this proposition came with no good 1
design, so far as he could judge of it, though be
had no doubt of the honorable motives of the gen-
tleman who offered it. It would change the issue !
which ought to be made. Instead of imposing whe- 1
thor we would act and act now, we would, by this
course, eive a discretionary power to the Executive
to act or not, and either now or at a later penod.
Some would think that the President had acted too
soon if he acted now. Others would think that he
had acted too late if he postponed it. U would 2ive
an opportunity to many to shelter themseh es fiom
responsibility, and to reproach the President with
having acted out of tune. The true question was,
whether we should give the notice now? Should
we assume the responsibility of action, or throw it
upon the President? That was an important ques-
tion. Why should not we take upon ourselves the
responsibility of action in the matter?
Many gentlemen wished to shift the responsi-
bility off from themselves; and then, if the Presi-
dent should act promptly, lhey_ would say he was
rash, imprudent, hasty; and if he waited for a
while, they would say that he had let slip the
golden moment. Why, if the subject had been
referred to us, and if the power belonged to us,
should we notexeicise the power and give the no-
tice at once? If there was any advantage m giving
the noticc at all, it was proper to £ive it at the ear-
liest moment, without loss of time. It we did not
ftive it now, in what position should we be left''
'The whole subject would be suffered to take its
chance, without an effort on our part to maintain
our rights. lie knew that it had been recommend-
ed to us to adopt " a wise and masterly inactivity"
—that was, to do nothing. He would raiher call
it masterly duplicity, or masterly dishonesty, to
take measures, in an indirect way, to get posses-
sion of the country, without suffering our object
to be known. How long did gentlemen wish to
carry on this masterly duplicity? Some of them
had fixed a limit to it of twenty years. Sir, (said
Mr. H.) I have a single idea on that point. "We
had told our people that they might occupy that
country. Were they to be thus encouraged to go
there and settle, and yet not he entitled to our pro-
tection? If you do not take them under your v, ,
can you expect to retain their affection? No : they
would be faithless to themrelves if they gave you
any confidence or affection after such treatment.
As well might a mother expect the love of her
children whom she repelled from her bosom, and
cist out into the world without protection. It
would be a most unnatural mother that would cast
oti her children, as we would do were we not to give
this notice. Should we acquire a colony by this
course of masterly dishonesty, it would mane us
the reproach of all nations. There was one thing
in the British Government that he admired, much
as he despised all the vaunting about, her power,
and greatness, and glory. He admired it for one
special quality—its care of its subjects. It gave
I protection to its subjects all over the world.
| Wherever the subject of Rngiand might be, he was
J covered with the protection of British laws and
j British power. Tins, in his opinion, was an ex-
i ample worthy of imitation.
I lie would ^o a step further than the notice, and
i extend the protection of our laws over our citizens
I in Oregon. If we did not, we should fall short of
| our duty. After doing this, he would go still fur-
' ther, and create those bands of iron which were to
I bind indissoiubly together m one union the people
j of the Atlantic and the people of the Pacific. He
| would go for a railroad across the Rocky moun-
| tains—fur annihilating tune, and space between us
! and the inhabitants of the Pacific coast. In a mili-
| tary point of mow, this railroad would be ncces-
: sarv. We should be obliged, for the protection
j and defence of the country, to establish this mode
| of communication While it would afford military
; protection for the defence of the country, it would
{ be the means of creating a vast trade between the
i eastern and w estern portions of the continent. The
! immediate consequence of such a trade would lie
| to open a traffic m our manufactures with the peo-
ple of the East Indies; next, we should be aide to
drive out ail competition on the part of the British
fabrics in that lucrative and important trade. We
would, by means of this overland communication,
be soon able to create immense commercial depots
> on the coast of the Pacific. We could make voy-
1 ages to the East Indies in half the time that Great
! Britain could. Our manufactures would thus com-
j pete in that important and increasing market, with
| those of Gre.it Britain, and, indeed, drive out all
| competition; and thus they would become estab-
j lished on a firm foundation, without the aid of a
I black tariff to maintain them. FTe had always op-
j posed internal improvements by the General Gov-
j miment; but he would adopt this improvement as
i a military work—one necessary for the public de-
: fence, though it would be used for civil and com-
1 niercial purposes. Should the United States delay {
i to do their duty to their eitt/ens m Oregon, the j
| British Government would avail themselves of the j
' delay to lake measures for securing the terntory |
| tct her subjects. Great (>ritam bad already, by
; force and fraud, covered the world with more than
i a hundred colonies. She had done this by blood
1 and carnage, and in violation of the rights of all
! nations with which she had been connected as an
| ally, or opposed to as a foe. The history of India
j would tell the whole story. In the year 1600,
i during the reign of tlueen Elizabeth, a charter for
I commercial purposes was granted to some private
' trading adventurers. This company have spread
; death and desolation over the East. Under War-
I rcn Hastings every crime, every species of perfidy
and cruelty and rapine was perpetrated for the i
acquisition of territory and of wealth by the com- '
pany. So fearful and prodigious was his rapacity
and cruelty, that he became the theme of univer-
sal execration by oratois and poets. It had been
remarked, m one of the invectives against him,
that when some wretch, laden with horrid crimes
without a name, should sialk through earth, and
we want curses for him—
{C We'd torture thonyhl to curse the wretch ;
And then, to damn him nio^t supreme,
We'd call iinn JU>tni«*5/'
It would be easy to run a parallel between the
East India Company and the Hudson Bay Com-
pany. It would show us the necessity of taking
hold of this matter in due time, and of giving this
notice now.
Government after Government had submitted to
British power in the East—some being reduced by
fraud and treachery, and others by force, until now
the population brought under her sway amounted
to more than a hundred millions. Mr, H. said he
would be glad to trace the progress of this govern-
ment in the East Indies; but not having time for
that, he would say that, from beginning to end, it
was stamped with infamy. He called the atten-
tion of the committee to these facts, in order to
show that unless we gave the notice, the Hudson
Bay Company, which was formed upon principles
akm to that in the East, would, by gradual en-
croachments, become possessed of all the strong
positions in Oregon, and be more difficult to dis-
lodge. We might, as he said again, find a parallel
in their progress to the corporation that has so
long oppressed and devastated the East. By what
waters were the Hudson Bay Company originally
bounded? By those waters that emptied into Hud-
son's bay. But still that company had, by virtue
of a connexion with the Northwestern Company,
stretched across to the Pacific. It was the policy
of Great Britain to plant and maintain colonies;
and one of the modes of doing it was to operate
through chartered companies. This policy she
was now applying to the Territory of Oregon; and
it would succeed there as well as it had done else-
where, unless we should interfere in behalf of our
settlers to protect them, and give the notice of the
termination of the joint convention.
JMo longer ago than the year 1790, the British
Government claimed the right to make settlements
on the Pacific coast, north of the Spanish settle-
ments. Delay had taken place on the other side,
and the encroachments of Great Britain were not
observed. At length Great Britain had not only
made settlements above the oldest Spanish settle-
ments, but also far below them, and had now
come down to the Columbia river. Originally her
territorial pretensions were only to points beyond
the old Spanish settlements; but soon she would
come down to forty-seven.
f A member here said, She is nearly there now.]
Yes, sir, (said Mr. H.,) she will soon be there,
even if she is not there now. What, then, can be
gained by delaying the notice, which is the only
means by which we can arrest her progress >
While gentlemen talked of war, which only ex-
isted in the visions of old men, or the dreams of
young ones—while this bugbear was held up, we
were losing the opportunity to secure for our-
selves and our children this most important and
valuable country. What now would arise, was
only an inference on the part of these gentlemen.
They had not shown how it would arise. They
had not shown us the modus operandi. But we
well knew that the British pretensions would be
strengthened by our eternal delay. The longer
we delayed the notice, the more arrogant would
the British pretensions become. One point more.
Our old men, the gentleman from Virginia says,
see visions, our young men dream dreams. He
was not old, and he could see visions; and the
dreams he left to the gentleman from Virginia.
Let those who dreamed imagine that a war will
arise from our assertion of our rights; he did not
believe it. But the vision he saw was that of a
populous and enterprising State on the slope of the
Pacific, with manufactures, and commerce, and
navigation. The waters rushing down to the Pa-
cific would turn thousands of wheels and spindles.
Our people would move to that region, and carry
with them all their arts and skill m all the various
branches of manufactures which we have estab-
lished in this region. In due time they will supply
a lar£ e portion of America, as well as Asia, with
their fabrics.
It would not be long before our settlements
would extend down to the Mexican boundary.
He appealed to gentlemen from the South to come
up to the rescue, and avail themselves of this fair
opportunity to obtain Oregon. He asked their
attention to the position we occupied before the
American people and the world, in regard to this
subject, and assured them that for us there was no
retreat from the responsibility of this act, without
incurring the just reproach of the people of the
United States, and, indeed, of the whole world.
The Executive had presented his views to Con-
gress, and had recommended to us the passage of
the measure now before us. He had asked for
our early action upon it. The stale cry of war
ought not to prevent us from discharging this
duty; and if we should falter in performing it, we
should be branded as unfaithful to our trust. The
Executive had laid before us a statement of our
just claims, showing that they had a solid and
stable basis. The whole world would be con-
vinced of their truth and justice; and would an
American Congress be found slow to defend and
assert them? He (Mr. H.) would appeal again to
