1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
the South, and to the spirit of their fathers—of
Sumter, Marion, and Pinckney—and call upon
them to come up to this duty of defending our soil.
Should fear of consequences prevent us from vindi-
cating our rights from foreign aggression ? Should
the horrors of war deter them from pursuing their
line of duty? Will they not come up to the strug-
gle, if need be, and like "reapers descend to the
harvest of death ?'* True, the South has peculiar
interests that would be hazarded in a war; but has
not the whole Atlantic border a deep stake in the
continuance of peace ? We, sir, in the northeast
have an extensive commerce. Our ships are found
in every sea, and wc have cities on the seaboard
exposed to the assaults of an enemy. But, sir, we
are willing to hazard everything in the defence of
our country, and to lay all our wealth as an offer-
ing on the altar of the public safety. But who
can believe, sir, that England will go to war be-
cause we do an act that we are entitled to do by
treaty stipulations ? This was too absurd an idea
to be for a moment entertained by any one.
But there was another view of the subject. He
did not pretend to be a wizzard, nor to foretell future
events; but coming events sometimes cast their
shadows before them. Judging of the future by
the past, he would say that the moral force of our
institutions would spread themselves over every
portion of this continent. Their progress was as
certain as destiny. He could not be mistaken in
the idea that our flag was destined to shed its lustre
over every hill and plain on the Pacific slope, and
on every stream that mingles with the Pacific.
What would monarchical institutions do—what
would tyrants do—in this age of improvement—
tliis age of steam and of lightning ? The still small
voice in our legislative halls and seminaries of
learning would soon be reechoed in distant lands.
Should we fold our hands and refuse, under all
these circumstances, to discharge our duty? No;
let us march steadily up to this duty, and discharge
it like men:
" And the gun of our nation's natal day,
At the rise and ot sun,
Shall boom from the (;ir nottlioast away
To the vale* of Orejjon;
And ship.-- on the seashore Infi'aml tack,
And send tin? peal oi triumph hack "
The committee then rose and reported.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committtec 011 En-
rolled Bills, reported corect the " Bill to repeal the
* act winch abolished the office of one of the In-
* spectors-General of the army, and to revive and
1 establish said office/'
Mr, WHEATON, from the same committee,
reported correct the " Act to continue the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions," and the act for
the relief of James Bogardus.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickeks, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill entitled " An act
* for the relief of David T. Williamson, of I'ope
* county, State of Arkansas."
AMERICAN SETTLERS IN OREGON.
Mr. DOUGLASS rose and said that he wished
to submit a motion which he supposed would meet
with unanimous concurrence, inasmuch as it would
remove the obstacles which would otherwise pre-
sent themselves to-morrow to the continuation of
the debate which had been going on for some days
on the resolution of notice.
The House would recollect that the bill which
he had some time since reported fiom the Commit-
tee on the Territories, "to protect the rights of
American settlers in the Territory of Oregon, until
the termination of the joint occupation of the ;
same," had been made the special order for to- i
morrow. The committee were of opinion, so he I
believed was the House, that this discussion, as it '
had commenced, had better go on. And for that ;
purpose, and with a view that certain slight alter- j
ations might be made in the bill, he would move I
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of i
the Union be discharged from the consideration at
present of that bill, and that it be recommitted to
the Committee on the Territories.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. WICK, leave having been denied, moved
a suspension of the rules, to enable him to introduce
a resolution giving the use of the Hall, on the even-
ing of the 2Qtii instant, to the Colonization Society.
The House refused to suspend the rules,
But forthwith adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 13, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting information called for by the resolution of the
Senate in relation to the mineral lands in the State
of Illinois.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of the Na-
tional Institute for the Promotion of Science,
praying that an appropriation may be made for
defraying the expenses incident to the custody and
preservation of the property committed to their
charge; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. C. also presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Michigan, against the admission of Texas
into the Union as a slave State; which was laid on
the table*
Mr. C. further presented the petition of Deliver-
ance Slasson, a revolutionary soldier, praying an
increase of his pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the memorial of Wil-
liam 11. L . Gale, praying compensation for his ser-
vices as bearer of despatches from the American
consulate at Tunis to the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Foitign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a
memorial of citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
praying that States hereafter applying for admis-
sion into the Union be required by law to make a
dechuntiou of their assent to certain piinciples con-
tained 111 the Declaration of Independence; which
was hud on the table.
Mr. J. also presented the petition of Hector Per-
kins, praying to be allowed an ears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEiNE presented the petition of James
Updike, an oilicer in the revolutionary army, pray-
ing a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Pensions.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the memorial
of Simeon Hubbard, in behalf of Cooper Poly reen,
a musician in the revolutionary army, praying that
he may be allowed bounty land in remuneration of
his revolutionary services; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PHELPS presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of Vermont, directing their Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress to use their
exertions to obtain authority from the Government
for the delivery of the cannon taken from the ene-
my at the battle of Bennington, in 1777, to be de-
posited m the State-house of said State; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Cadwal-
lader Wallace, praying compensation for certain
outstanding Virginia military bounty land war-
rants; which, on his motion, was ordered to be
£ rimed and referred to tiie Committee on Public
.ands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MILLER gave notice of his intention, by
leave of the Senate, to introduce a bill explanatory
of the 4th section of "An act making appropria-
' tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
{ Government for the year ending the 30th day of
4 June, 1846, and for other purposes," approved
3d March, 1845.
Also, " A bill to incorporate the Columbian Mu-
tual Fire Insurance Company."
Mr. BAGBY gave notice of his intention, by
leave of the Senate, to introduce a joint resolution
to amend the Constitution m relation to the election
of President and Vice President of the United
States, and other officeis under the Federal Gov-
ernment.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
citizens of Eastern Pennsylvania, asking that the
independence of the colony of Liberia might be ac-
knowledged by the United States, asked that said
committee be discharged fiom the further consid-
eration of the subject, and that the memorial be laid
upon the table; which, 011 motion, was agreed to.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs,.to whom was referred the communication
from tfte .Secretary of War made on the 12th in-
stant,' asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject, and that
the communication be laid upon the table; which,
on motion to that effect, was so oidered.
Mr. S. also, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the "Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to cause an examination to be made of the
public lands subject to the overflowing of the Mis-
sissippi river between Memphis and Vicksburg,
with an estimate of the probable amount required to
protect them from such overflow, and the quantity
of lands which will thereby become saleable; and re-
port a plan for such protection, if practicable, at the
present session of Congress, or at an early day of
the next session.
The resolution lies over.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Pierre Menard and
others, sureties of Felix St.Vrain,late Indian agent,
deceased, reported the same without amendment,
and submitted a special report 011 the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Da-
vid D. Porter, in behalf of Evelina Porter, for a
pension, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee
on Claims, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Wm. D. Chee-
ver, deceased, reported the same with amendment,
and submitted a special report on the subject;
which was oidered to be printed.
COLLECTIONS FOR TIIE TNIONUMEKT TO
"WASHINGTON.
Mr. BENTON said that some days ago, when
the resolutions from the House of Representatives
in relation to the erection of a monument to General
Washington was before the Senate, he made ob-
jections to it on acceount of what he well knew, of
Ins own knowledge, as to the mannner of the col-
lections for that purpose in Missouri. He at that
time confined himself to that State, bccausc tho
facts were -within his recollection; but some person
to him unknown had since placed m his posses-
sion a printed report, made by the Board of Mana-
gers, in which was stated what had been done in
the way of collections during the three years the
association had then been in operation. He would
read some of the items, for the purpose of letting
the Senate see that, as strongly as he condemned
the proceeding, it fell far below what he had sub-
sequently learned; and he would ask to refer the
document to the committee who had the resolution
of the House before them, that they might see the
consummate folly and wastefulness of this scheme.
He then read from the report to which he alluded
and commenced with Maseaehsetts: after three
years, 41110 collections made." Rhode Island:
$145 50, $123 68 accounted for. New Hampshire:
$116 50 collected, $4 59 accounted for, and a note
well secured for ninety dollars, which, with five
dollars counterfeit bank note received by him, [the
collector,] will settle the account. Maine: $1,89539
collected, §1,608 97 received. Vermont: $35 50
collected, §31 95 received. Connecticut: $1,740 36
collected, £1,438 61 received. New York: $1;&92 32
collected, $i,167 21 received; "balance due of
§441 10, after allowing commission; books of sub-
scription not received/' New Jersey: $1,656 92
collected, $1,419 61 received; twenty dollars and
fifty cents in counterfeits. Pennsylvania: $2,897 19
collected, $2,294 24 received; balance due,'$168 39.
Delaware: $123 40 received; no account rendered;
and by another collector in that State $269 53 col-
lated, 239 58 received. Maryland: $3,057 99 re-
ceived; no accounts rendered. Virginia: $1,500
received; "accounts not fully rendered." North
Carolina: $515 18 collected, $436 received. South
Carolina: $720 collected, $612 received. Kentucky:
$2,07150 collected, $1,610 received. Ohio: $8,535 41
collected, $5,952 24 received; "balance due of §1,-
132 86, after deducting commission, for which suit
is brought," and $438 95 " received, but books of
subscription not yet received." Tennessee: no
receipts or accounts rendered. Louisiana: $701 25
received; " accounts but partially rendered, shou -
ing a collection of $561." Indiana: $340 leceived;
