192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
Jan. 13.
Resolved, That a survey and estimate of a ship-
canal from the Gulf of Mexico across the peninsu-
la of Elorida to some suitable point upon the At-
lantic ocean, be made by the Engineer Depart-
ment, and their report to be delivered at the ear-
liest practicable period.
Mr. GRIDER offered the following; resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to report a bill authorizing
the widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers,
who were married after 1794, and before 1800, to
draw pensions, according: to the present laws upon
the subject of pensions for the benefit of the wi-
dows of said officers and soldiers married previous
to 1794.
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested that the resolution
should be so amended as not to be imperative, but i
to direct an inquiry into the expediency of such a i
measure. j
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS said the subject had been a <
lony; time before the House, and he hoped that the i
resolution would pass in the form of instructions
to report a bill.
Mr. McKAY objected to the consideration of
the resolution at this time.
And Mr. BRINKERHOFF indicated his inten-
tion to debate it.
So the resolution lies over.
CINCINNATI, COVINGTON, AND NEWPOIiT.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave 2,iven, introduced a
bill of the following title: " A bill making an ap-
4 propriation for the improv ement of the harbor at
4 the city of Cincinnati, and the construction of a
* channel-way between the same and the cities of
4 Covington and Newport, to render the more ac-
' cessible the military depot, anil for the protection
' of the public property at the latter place."
The bill having; been read a first time by its
title,
Objection was made by Mr. S. ADAMS, and j
in other quarteis. i
Whereupon the SPEAKER (Air. Linn Boyd, j
pro tcm.) said that the question would be, "Shall |
this bill be rejected'1'' |
After some unimportant conversation, j
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays, but j
withdrew the demand. j
Mr. STEWART renewed the demand, and the i
yeas and nays were oidered. j
Wheieupon the question, " Shall this bill be!
rejettd?" was taken, and decided m the negative !
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
Bairinser, Bayly, Bedin<;cr, Bell, Benton, Burt,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,Clarke,
Cobb, Cullom, Daniel, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dock-
ery, Ellsworth, Graham, Grovor, llamlin, Haral-
son. Ho<ro, Isaac E. Holmes, Geo. S. Houston,
Edmund W. Kuban!, Hun^erford, Hunter, James
II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Lawrence, Leake, JUacluy,
McC'lcrnand, McCrate, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barclay Martin, Moulton, Niven, Payne, Price,
Reid, Rifter, Seddon, Leonard H. Sons, Simp-
son, Truman Smith, Strong, Jacob Thompson,
Treadway, Williams, Woodward, Woodwoith,
and Yost—57-
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ci. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Baker, James Black, Blanchard,
Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
William G. Brown, Buflington, Wm. W. Camp-
bell, Cathcart, J. G. Chapman, Chipman, Cocke,
Cranston, Crozicr, Cuhor, Cummins, Cunning-
ham, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Delano,
Dixon, Douglass, Erdman, John II. Ewing,
Edwin H. E\vin<*, Garvin, Gentry, Giddings,
Giles, Goodyear,Gordon, Grider,Grmnell, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King,
Thomas Butler king, Lewis, Levin, Long, Mc-
Clean, McClelland, M c Dowel], MxGau^liey,
McHenrv, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morris, Owen,
Parish, Pemll, Pettit, Pollock, Raihbun, Relfe,
Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Hunk, Russell, SawteSle, Sawyer, Schenck,
.Seaman, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewart,
Sykes. Tlubodeaux, Thomasson, Benj. Thomp-
son, Thuiman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumbo, Vancc,
Vmton, Wentworth, White, Wilniot, Winthrop,
Wood, Woodruff, Wright, Yell, and Young
So the House decided that the bill should not be
rejected.
And it then received its second rending.
And, on motion, was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Fremont's report.
Mr. G. W. JONES offered the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and
he hereby is directed to distribute the extra copies
of Lieutenant Fremont's report ordered to be print-
ed by the last House amongst the members of the
present House.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. J. demanded the previous question.
Mr. McIIENRY submitted an inquiry, having
reference to the order of (his proceeding, under a
motion of suspension to receive such resolutions as
would not give rise to debate ; but the Speaker hav-
ing explained that, under the uniform decisions of
tormer years, it was in order for the mover of a
resolution to submit a contemporaneous demand
foi the previous question, Mr. Mrll. did not pur-
sue the point of order fuither, but expressed the
hope that the icsolulion would not be adopted.
And the question-being taken on the demand for
the previous question, the vote stood ayes 49, noes
43; (no quotum voting.)
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; and they were
appointed.
And the question being again taken, the affirma-
tive vote stood ayes 89; and the noes havinggiven
it up," there was a second to the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. EWING rose to inquire whether it was in
order to repeal « resolution of the last session by
another resolution, by a vote of the majority of
this House?
The CHAIR said, that was a question for the
decision of the House.
Mr. G. W. JONES desired to be informed for
whose benefit these copies had been ordered to be
prin led.
The CHAIR said, that that also was a question
for the consideration of the House.
Mr. .10NES. Then, sir, have the old members
of this House the right 
(Loud cries to order.]
Mr. JONES. I only wish to ask a question.
[Renewed cries to order.]
Mr. JONES. When the Clerk of the House
shall send thc.se reports to the old members 
[Vociferous cries to order.]
Mr. JONES. Can they frank them?
[Cries to order.]
The CHAIR said that all these remarks were
out of order. The question must be taken.
Mr. T. B. KING. What is the question?
The CHAIR said it wras on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. T. B. KING said he understood that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ewing] sup-
posed that o resolution of this session could not
repeal a resolution of the last Congress 
The C11AI R said debate was not in order.
Mr. T. B. KING. Unless we give the members
of the Inst Congress the franking pri vilcge, they
would only luive the copies to sell or distribute 
[Cries to order.]
The CHAIR said the gentleman was not in order
m debating: the question.
Mr. SCHENCK said he rose, not to debate,
but to make an inquiry. He had not distinctly
heard the rending of the resolution. He desired
to know whether there was anything in it to prevent
the next Congress from giving to themselves what-
ever documents this Congress might have ordered,
but which might not have been received.
'I he (SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
the resolution lo be read?
Mr. SCHENCK said he did.
So the resolution was again read.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is nothing in it to
prevent the next Congress from taking our docu-
ments.
The CHAIR interposed to order.
Mr. T. B. K i N G rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER said it was out of order 
Mr. KING said he knew that 
The SPEAKER. To discuss the resolution in
any form; and tRe Chair lias to inform the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. King,] and all other mem-
bers, that the rule must be enforced.
Mr. RATHBUN demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. W. HUNT moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK said he wished to ask the gen-
tleman who had demanded the previous question
t.o withdraw it, with a view to admit such a modi-
fication of the resolution as would enable the next
Congress to take any mileage that might be left 
The CHAIR said this was all out of order.
Whereupon Mr. Schenck sat down.
Mr. HAMLIN demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. W. Hunt that the resolution be
laid on the table; which were ordered, and, being
token, resulted as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q,. Adams, Ander-
son, Atkinson, Barringer, Bayley, Bell, Biggs,
Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cathcart,
Cobb, Cranston, Dargan, Darragh, Garrett Davis,
i Jefferson Davis, Delano, Dillingham, Dromgoole,
i Dixon, John H. Ewing, Grider, Hamlin, Harper,
| 10. 1!. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hudson, Hun-
I gerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Hun-
I tor, James IT. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel
P. King, Lumpkin, McClean, McDowell, McHen-
ry, Mclllvaine, Marsh, Barclay Martin, Pollock,
Itamsey, Rathbun, Relfe, Roberts, Julius Rock-
well, Schenck, Thomasson, Jacob Thompson,
Benjamin Thompson, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton,
Wheaton, Winthrop, and Wright—C2.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ash -
i mun, Baker, Benton, James Black, Bowlm, Wm.
! G-. Brown, Iiuffington, Wm. W. Campbell, John
i G. Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cocke,
| Collin, Constable, Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Cum-
| rains, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dobbin,
j Dockery, Douglass, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman,
j Edwin H. Ewing. Ficklin, Foster, Garvin, Gen-
j try, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham,
! Grover, Haralson, Herrick, G. S. Houston, S. D.
| Hubbard, C. J. Ingersoll, J. R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
| Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones, Lawrence,
j Leake, Lcib, Lewis, Ligon, Long, Maclay, Mc-
Clelland, McCrate, MoGaughey, McKay, John P.
Martin, Miller, Morris, Moulton, Niven, Norris,
Parish, Payne, Perrill, Price., Reid, Ritter, J. A.
Rockwell, Runic, Russell,Sawtelle,Sawyer, Scanl-
mon, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, L. H. Sims,
Simpson, Truman Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Stephens, Strong, Sykes, Thibo-
deaux, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Treadway,
Wentworth, White, Wilmot, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, Ynncey, Yell, Young, and Yost—107.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid on the table.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES declined to vote, on the
ground that he was interested.
I A nd the question then recurred on ordering the
main question.
The SPEAKER resumed his chair.
And the House having ordered that the main
question (which was on the adoption of the reso-
lution) be now taken,
Mr. RATHBUN and Mr. McHENRY demand-
ed the yeas and nays; which were refused.
The question was then taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
ROTATION IN OFFICE.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON offered the follow-
ing resolutions, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That rotation in office, in the opinion
of this House, is one of the cardinal tenets in a
Republican form of Government, and ought never
to be violated on any pretence whatever, and should
be practised upon by all Administrations, regard-
less of their party names.
Resolved, That eight years, in the opinion of this
House, is the longest term any individual ought to
be permitted to remain m office, whose appoint-
ment is conferred upon the President of the United
States and the Heads of Departments, either by the
Constitution or by law; and at the expiration of
said term of service, they should be considered in-
eligible to reappointment.
Reioh-ed, That, in the opinion of this House, the
appointment of persons to office should be made
upon the basis of representation from the several
States m the Congress of the United States; that
I is to say, the whole number of persons appointed
