194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. IB,
chants of the city of New York, praying for the
return of duties on goods destroyed by fire in that
city on the 19th July last, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CULVER moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Elections be
instructed to inquire into and report whether cer-
tain persons claiming to be members of this House
from the State of New Hampshire, were not elect-
ed in violation of the law of Congress requiring
the elections to be held by single districts.
The resolution was read; when
Mr. BOYD moved that it lie on the table; and
the question being put, the motion prevailed, and
the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BUFFINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of regulating by law
the fees to be received by the clerks, marshals,
and attorneys, in the Circuit and District Courts
of the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT, on leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of New Jersey, asking for an
appropriation to remove obstructions in the free
navigation of the river Passaic ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WILMOT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route direct be-
tween Montrose and New Milford, ill Susquehan-
nah county, Pennsylvania; and also to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route direct
between Athens and Troy, in Biadford county,
Pennsylvania, through the towns of Smithfield
and Springfield, in said last mentioned county.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, it was
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to furnish
this House, without delay, ten thousand copies of
maps of Oregon, to be copied from maps of Cup-
tain Wilkes's Exploring Expedition, provided the
cost does not exceed ten cents per copy, all ex-
penses included.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be
instructed to consider the power and expediency
of reducing the number of members requisite 111
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
and in Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DA11RAGH moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk he authorized to fur-
nish each of the Repoiteis of the proceedings of
the House with one copy of the public documents
printed for the use of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, objected to the
resolution, and it was laid over under the rule.
Mr. SEAMAN moved the following resolution:
Whereas the House of liepiesentatives did, 011
the 95th February, 1845, adopt a resolution direct-
ing the Clerk of the House to have printed during
the recess of Congress 10,000 extra copies of the
Report of Fremont's expedition to Oregon and Cal-
ifornia, for the use of the members of the Twenty-
eighth Congress; and whereas it appears by the
said resolution that new members of the present
Congress will not receive any of said reports; and
whereas it is obviously right and proper that the
sitting members of Congress should be provided
with all the Congressional documents upon a sub-
ject so deeply interesting to the people of the Uni-
ted States as the "Oregon question," and which
they will not be provided with if the resolution of
the 25th of February, 1845, is carried into effect:
therefore,
Resolved, That so much of said resolution as di-
rects the Clerk to distribute said reports to the mem-
bers of the Twenty-eighth Congress be, and the
same is hereby repealed, and that the Clerk be and
lie is hereby directed, whenever said reports are
completed and ready for distribution, to distribute
them to the members of the House of Represent-
atives of the present Congress; and that he also
have printed five thousand additional copies for
the use of the members of this House.
Mr. SEAMAN, at the same time, moved the
previous question, which was not seconded; and
debate arising on the resolution, it was laid over
wnder the rale.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to in-
quire into the expediency of providing by law for
the purchase and publication of the writings of
James Madison,, late President of the United
States, not heretofore published.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of establishing by law
the right of challenge to jurors in criminal prose-
cutions in the courts of the United States, so as to
make the same conform to the laws and usages of
the respective State courts within the limits of
which such criminal prosecutions may be had.
On motion of Mr. HUBARD, of Virginia, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing two national foundries.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a national foundry in the western
part of North Caroling.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post ltoads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing ajpost route from Eliz-
abeth city, or Powell's Point, to Roanoke Island
and Nag's Head, in Nortji Carolina.
jMr. BIGGS, on leave, also presented a memo-
rial, very numerously signed, from citizens of
Chowan county, North Carolina, praying that an
adequate appropriation may be immediately made
to open Roanoke Inlet at Nag's Head. It was
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the progress and
condition of the Marine Hospital at or near Ocra-
eoke, in the State of North Carolina, provided to
tie erected by an act of Congress of the 29th of Au-
gust, 1842; and also, whether, in his opinion, any
further legislation is required at this time in order
to facilitate its completion.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it was
Resolved, That the petition and documents of
John B. Denton and Curtis Humphreys, of Geor-
gia, presented to the Twenty-eighth Congress,
praying to be relieved from the penalties incurred
011 account of a mail contract, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Oil motion of Mr. J. P. MARTIN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Pres-
tonsburg, Kentucky, to Hazard, in Perry county.
O11 motion of Mr. THOMASSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Revolutionary
Pensions inquire into the expediency of providing
by law to pension the surviving oilicers and sol-
diers of the Illinois regiment, and those under
General Wayne, during the Indian wars, at the
close of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. CROZIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to complete the canal
around the Muscle Shoals, in the Tennessee river;
and also to inquire whether it is more expedient to
complete said canal, or to improve die channel at
the head of said river.
On motion of Mr. STANTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Naval Affairs
be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of so
reorganizing the Bureaus of the Navy Department
as to have a separate Bureau of Ordnance, and
also one of Hydrography.
On motion of Mr. HARPER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals inquire into the expediency of erecting a bridge
over the Ohio river, from Wheeling, in Virginia,
to the island in said river, at or near where the Na-
tional road crosses the said river.
On motion of Mr. TILDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of printing ten thousand extra copies of the pen-
sion laws.
On motion of Mr. G. W. JONES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of re-
pealing the fourth section of the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic service of the
year ending 30th June, 1846, passed at the second
session of the Twenty-eighth Congress.
Mr. CUMMINGS moved the following resolu-
tion; and, debate arising, it was laid over under the
rule:
Resolved, That so much of the resolution of the
Twenty-eighth Congress which directs the printing
and distribution of Fremont's report, as shall -or
may be construed in such manner as to require the
, dividend of the undelivered numbers to be made
' amongst such persons as were members of the
' Twenty-eighth Congress, and who are not members
of the Twenty-ninth Congress, be, and the same is
hereby rescinded.
Mr. SAWYER moved the following resolution;
and, debate arising, it was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House as soon
as possible (provided in his opinion the same shall
not interfere with our present foreign relations)
whether there is at this time, or whether there has
been since the delivery of his last Annual Message,
negotiations going on between this Government
and that of Great Britain in relation to the settle-
ment of the Oregon question.
On motion of Mr. CUNNINGHAM, it was
Resolved, That Flannagan have leaTe to
withdraw his papers, which were presented with
his petition, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, who have agreed to make an un-
favorable report.
On motion of Mr. PERRILL, it was
Resolved, That the Postmaster General is hereby
required to report to this House without delay the
time at which the eastern and western mail is usu-
ally received at the City Post Office, which arrives
in the evening train of cars; the time at which the
letters and papers received by that mail for the
members of this House are delivered to the mes-
senger who conveys them to the post office of this
House; and why the letters and papers belonging
to the members of this House are not note deliv-
ered to the messenger as soon after the mail arrives
in the evening as they were during the last session
of Congress; and further to report if the delay of
the eastern mail at Baltimore cannot be remedied,
and the mail continued to Washington direct with-
out such delay.
Mr. VINTON, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, obtained leave and introduced the fol-
lowing proposition of amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It was read the first and
second time, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union:
Joint Resolution to amend the Constitution of the
United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled,
(two-thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of
the several States as an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which, when ratified
by three-fourths of said Legislatures, shall become
a part of said Constitution, viz:
"Article—. In and after the year one thousand
eight hundred and sixty, the- people in each State
entitled to vote for members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales,.shall elect from
among its citizens a candidate for the Presidency
of the United States, in which election a majority of
all the votes given shall be necessary to a choice. If,
upon the first vote in any State, no one person shall
have a majority of all the votes given, another vote
shall be had, which shall be confined to the two
persons having the greatest number of votes at the
former voting ; and if,, upon such second vote, the
two persons voted for shall have an equal number
of votes, the choice between them shall be deter-
mined by lot. The election of candidates in each
State shall be certified to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, and after the certificates of election in all
the States shall have been transmitted to Congress,
uniform balls, equal in number to the whole num-
ber of members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, shall be deposited in an urn; and, be-
fore the depositing thereof, the name of each State
in the United States shall be inscribed on as many
of said balls as shall be equal to the whole number
