1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
of its members in both branches of Congress, and,
in the presence of both Houses of Congress, a ball
shall be drawn out by lot, and the candidate elect-
ed by the State the name of which is upon the ball
drawn out, shall be the President. All of the re-
maining balls having upon them the name of that
State shall then be withdrawn from the urn, when,
from those still remaining, another ball shall be
immediately drawn out, in like manner as the first,
and the candidate elected by the State the name of
which is on that ball, shall be the Vice President.
u The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions in the several States for candidates, the man-
ner of ascertaining the result, and of choosing by
lot, when, on a second vote, the two persons voted
for shall have an equal number of votes, shall be
prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may,at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations, or any part thereof. Con-
gress shall, by law, regulate the mode of certifying
to it the election of candidates, and of conducting
the choice by lot of the President and Vice Presi-
dent in the presence of the two Houses thereof.
" The second and fourth sections of the second
article of the Constitution of the United States,
and the twelfth article of the Amendments thereto,
shall become null and void on the taking effect of
this amendment."
On motion of Mr. THIBODEAUX, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
inform this House whether frauds have been com-
mitted on the revenue lawy by the importation of
sirups designated and entered in our custom-houses
as molasses; and, if so, what steps have been or
ought to be taken to prevent them.
On motion of Mr. OWEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Buildings be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making to the present flnpiiol nn addi-
tion, which shall contain a new Chamber of Rep-
resentatives, the present Chamber to be converted
into the Library of Congress, and the present Li-
brary to be appropriated as a Supreme Court room,
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CATTiCART, it was
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of declar-
ing Michigan city, in the State of Indiana, a port
of entry.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH moved the following
resolution; and, debate arising, it was laid over
under the rule:
Re solved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to this House a statement
showing the amount which has heretofore been
expended on the Cumberland road in each of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; and also the
estimates heretofore made by the Department of
the amount necessary to complete said road in each
State.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Starkeville to Houston; also, from Cartcrsville lo
Yaconoy, in Mississippi.
On motion of Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS, it
was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to furnish this House with such information
as he may possess in relation to the ship channel
at and near to Ship Island, in the Gulf of Mexico,
off the coast of Mississippi; also, the capacity of
the harbor at Ship Island for a navy yard; also, an
estimate for the fortifications which, in his opin-
ion, may be necessary to defend the entrance be-
tween Ship and Cat Islands; together with any
other information he may believe connected with
the subject-matter of this resolution
Mr. PICKLIN moved the following resolution;
and, debate arising, it was laid over under the
rule:
Whereas the Cumberland road has been regard-
ed as a national work since the administration of
President Jefferson; and whereas it has been com-
pleted through the old States of Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and Pennsylvania, at a heavy cost to the
Government; and whereas the work has been sus-
pended on said road for a number of years in the
western part of Ohio, and m the States of Indiana
and Illinois, so that the work which has already
been done in the new States is in a rapidly dilapi-
dating condition; and whereas even-handed justice
requires that the same amount of improvement
should be made in the new as in the old States ;
and whereas the faith of the Government is pledged
for the completion of said road; and whereas it
would be obviously unjust to involve the comple-
tion of said road in any general system of internal
improvement, or any new-fangled schemes of river
ana harbor improvements; and whereas many
persons purchased second-rate land on the line of,
and near to said road, on the faith that the Gov-
ernment would complete the same ; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
inquire into the expediency of donating to the new
States a quantity of land equal in value to the
amount of money expended per mile on said road
in the old States, m proportion to the distance that
said road may run in said new States, so as to en-
sure the progress of the work from year to year,
until said work is completed, without further ex-
penditure of money from the National Treasury.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the coinage at the United
States Mint of one dollar gold pieces.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, it was
1. Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Otlice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the propriety of relieving Martin 0. Walker from
certain restrictions imposed upon him in relation
to bidding for mnil contracts.
2. Resolved, That the Committee on Military
Affairs be instructed to inquire into the ability of
the fort at Mackinaw to command the entrance
into Lake Michigan, and the best means of defend-
ing the commerce and the towns on said lake;
whether there js now any point at which a vessel
of war could safely be built; and whether, on the
thousand miles of dangerous lake-coast, there is
now a single harbor capable of sheltering such a
vessel in the very numerous, sadden, and severe
gales which are incident to said lake, and annually
destroy a large amount of life and property.
3. Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs be directed to inquire into the expediency of
opening a direct communication for the largest
class of vessels of war from Lake Michigan to the
Mississippi river, so as to render the naval depot
at Memphis available for the defence of said lake;
and, also, into the expediency of constructing a
naval depot at Chicago.
Mr. BOWLIN moved the following resolution;
and, debate arising, it was laid over under the rule :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasur^be
required to communicate to this House, if in his
possession, the following information:
1. The Aggregate value of the commerce, agri-
culture, and manufactures, or either of them, of
those nations situated between the Cape of Good
Hope and Cape Horn, along the Atlantic coast, on
both sides.
2. The aggregate value of the commeicc, agri-
culture, and manufactures, or cither of them, of
those countries situated between the Cape of Good
Hope and Cape Horn, along the coast of the In-
dian and Pacific oceans.
3. All other information going to show the com-
parative value of the trade and commerce of those
countries most nearly approximating to the Ore-
gon Territory, and those countries most nearly
approximating the eastern portion of the confede-
racy, so as to contrast the value of each.
On motion of Mr. RELFE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the establishment of a marine hospital
at the city of St. Louis, Missouri, at or near the
site selected by the Board of Surgeons appointed
to make selections under the provisions of the act
of 3d March, 1837.
On motion of Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of re-appropriating the
sum of money appropriated by act of July 7,1838,
to build alight-house near the mouth of Fox river,
in the Territory of Wisconsin, and of changing
the site on which the said light-house was to be
built.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following mail routes:
From Knoxville, Illinois, to Phillips's Ferry, to
Bloomington, Iowa.
From Oquawka, Illinois, to Phillips's Ferry, op-
posite to Bloomington, Iowa, and from thence to
Kock Island, Illinois.
From Peoria, Illinois, to Phillips's Ferry, oppo-
site to Bloomington, Iowa.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved the fol-
lowing joint resolution; which was read the first
and second time, and left upon the Speaker's table,
to be taken up for a third reading upon the clear-
ing of his table, under the rule :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the joint resolution, adopted December
13, 1813, entitled 44 A resolution for the printing
i and distribution of an additional number of the
' Journals of Congress and of the documents printed
' by their order," be so construed as to authorize
a copy of the public documents therein mentioned
to be furnished hereafter to the American Philo-
sophical Society.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Quincy, Illinois, to St. Joseph, in Missouri.
On motion of Mr. YELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
I Lands he instructed to inquire into the propriety
' of granting to the State of Arkansas in trust the
; Hot Springs, and the reservation of six sections
1 of land around said springs, in the State of Arkan-
| sas, the proceeds of sale to be applied to the sup-
| port of all poor and indigent invalids attending said
I springs.
On motion of Mr. CHIPMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing lurht-houses on Lake Superior, at Round
Island, Whitefish Point, and Haze's Point, at
Copper Harbor.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved the following res-
olution; and, debate arising, it was laid over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the several heads of departments
report to this House, in addition to the require-
ments of the resolution this day adopted in rela-
tion to the clerks in the several departments, the
date of the first appointment of all such clerks.
On motion of Mr. THIBODEAUX, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing the limits of the port of New Orleans to the up-
per limits of the city of Lafayette.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, it was
1. Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing two additional land offices in the
Territory of Iowa.
2. Resolved, That the said committee be further
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
nig to the Territory of Iowa alternate sections of
the public lands from the mouth of the Muscatine
Slough to the head thereof, the proceeds of which
to be applied in reclaiming said lands, and other
lands contiguous thereto, from inundation.
Mr. DODGE moved the following resolution;
and, debate arising, it was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to report to this House whatever inform-
ation he may be in possession of touching the
manner and circumstances under which certain
sums of money were deposited with the late re-
gister of the land office (William Ross) at Fair-
field, in Iowa, for the purchase of public lands;
and, if he be not in possession of such information,
that he direct the present register and receiver at
Fairfield to collect and transmit the same, and also
to report on the case; and, further, whether or
not, in his opinion, the persons thus depositing
their money have not an equitable claim on the
United States to refund it, or allow them to enter
a quantity of public land at $1 25 per acre equiv-
alent thereto.
Mr. MOULTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New Hampshire in op-
position to the act of Congress passed on the 4th
