198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
fress to the subject, not a century hence, but now.
lut he (Mr. A.) would not go into the deep waters
which the question opens up; he would not go into
the deep reasons of state founded upon the necessity
of looking to the preservation of national existence,
which arise out of the consideration of this great
and momentous subject. He would not now un-
dertake to review the present system of European
policy m relation to this continent, and tire views
of their statesmen in reference to the balance of
power. Those were questions which, he trusted,
would subsequently receive, during the present
session, the consideration of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. If there was a disposition not to re-
ceive the resolutions—if there was any feeling of
insistence to them—he would be content with the
decision in the form of the ayes and noes of the
body, so that the resolution and the votes should
stand on record, in the Journal of this body, as tes-
timony of his own views of the matters embraced
in his proposition.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that the manner in
which the resolution was introduced struck him as
extraordinary. Notwithstanding the Senator from
Ohio was the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which that part of the President's
Message had been referred, he had introduced, as
he (Mr. C.) understood, the resolution on his own
authority, without consultation with the other mem-
bers on the subject referred.
Mr. ALLEN said it was his own proposition.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that there was no pre-
cedent to be found, and he questioned whether the
resolution was not entirely out of order. Had other
members of the committee been consulted? Had
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] the oldest
member of the committee, and whose long expe-
rience in our foreign affairs entitled his opinions to
respect? Had his gallant friend from Arkansas,
[Mr. Sevier,] or any other member? No. The
resolution was introduced on the authority of the
chairman of the committee, as he had just acknow-
ledged, without consulting a single member. He
[Mr. Allent] had taken up a part of the Annual
Message 011 his own authority, and that, too, com-
prising one of the greatest subjects in the Message.
If this course were proper, wliy not take up every
other subject in the same manner? If there were
no other reasons why we should not give leave for
the introduction of the resolution, this of itself would
be sufficient. The chairman had asserted that
twenty-one years had elapsed since Mr. Monroe
had announced a similar opinion; and that it had
settled the opinion of the American people with
reference to it. Why, then, was this resolution
introduced, unless it was designed to produce effect
011 other questions? For himself he intended to
speak without disguise. He knew the bearing the
resolution was designed to have, and he well knew
where he stood on the questions involved. He had
taken his stand on the questions intended to be af-
fected. He was for peace, if it could be honorably
preserved; and he would not be forced to counte-
nance any measure which would render more diffi-
cultan honorable adjustment between the two coun-
tries on the Oregon question.
He was against the resolution, unless Senators
were prepared to go 011 and meet all contingencies
which might result. If so, we would be compelled
to take this stand: put forth all our strength, be-
come a great military Government, and take meas-
ures to repel all foreign interference with the affairs
of this continent. With great deference to the
Senator from Ohio, if he was really ill earnest in
his desire to carry into effect the principle imolved
in his resolution, instead of introducing it in a gen-
eral form, he ought to introduce one calling 011 the
Government at once to interfere in behalf of Bue-
nos Ayres, to be prepared to take, that Republic
under our protection, and repel the interference of
Prance in her concerns. It was the part of wis-
dom to select wise ends in a wise manner. No
wise man, with a full understanding of the subject,
would pledge himself, by declaration, to do that
which was beyond the power of execution, and
without mature reflection as to the consequences.
There would be 110 dignity m it. True dignity
consists in making no declaration which we are
not prepared to maintain. If we make the declara-
tion, we ought to be prepared to carry it into effect
against all opposition. He was directly opposed I
to granting leave to introduce the resolution; and |
before he resumed his seat, he would ask for the I
eas and nays. I
Mr. JARNAGIN said that his objection to the
resolution originated in no disposition to show a
want of courtesy towards the Senator from Ohio.
He was not prepared at this time to vote on the ap-
plication for leave to introduce it^he did not know
what might be the effect^ of the vote. That he
might have time to make inquiry and reflect upon
the subject, he moved that the motion for leave be
laid upon the table, and asked for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CASS inquired whether this did not pre-
clude discussion; and
The PRESIDENT replied that the motion was
not debatable.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that this would
not prevent the Senator fi-om calling it up here
after.
Mr. ALLEN said he wished it to be understood
that he should consider the vote to be taken as final
on the resolution.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. .Tahnagix, and was decided as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, T. Clayton, J. M. Clayton, Cor-
win, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene,
Haywood, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of Louisiana, McDuffic, Man-
gum, Miller, I'earee, Phelps, Simmons, Upham,
Webster, Wcstcott, and Woodbridge—S28.
WAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Ron-
ton, Brcose, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Colquitt,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Jemiess,
Lewis, Niles, Pennybaeker, Scmple, Sevier, Stur-
geon, Turney, and Yulee—23.
So the mofcioii for leave was laid on the table.
OREGON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he wished to obtain
the leave of the Senate to introduce a resolution.
He had given no notice, it was true; and he de-
signed to make 110 remarks at present. If leave
should lie granted, lie would move to have (he
resolution printed, and postpone its consideration
until the Kith of February, that it might lie taken
up with the other propositions 011 that day. The
resolution was rend as follows ;
A Kesolution concerning the Territory of Oregon.
Whereas, by tlic convention concluded the SQth day of
October, 1818, between the United Btatea of America and
1 tie Kim: >ii tii!' Cniteil Kingdom of Great limain and Ire-
land, (<>i the period ot ten j ears, and afterwards indefinitely
extended and continued 111 force by another convention of
the same partif-, concluded the 6th (lay of August, ik;>7, it
was agreed tiiat any country that was claimed by either party
011 tile northwest coast ot Aineuea, west of the Stony or
Rocky mountains, commonly catted the Oregon Teratoiy,
should, together with its harbors, bays, and creeks, and the
navigation of all rivers willnn the- same, be "flee and open"
to the ves*els, citizens, and subjects of the two Powers, but
without prejudice to auy ehmn which either of the parties
might have to any part of said country; nndwith tills further
provision 111 the timet article of the said convention of the
Otli of August, lb-X, that either party midlt abrogate and
annul the said convention, 011 giving due notice of twelve
months to the other contracting party:
And wheica-ut ha« now become desirable that the respec-
tive claims of the United Slates and (Jreat Britain should be
definitely settled; and that said territory may no longer than
need be remain subject to the evil conseipicnccs of tlie di-
vided allegiance ol its American and Hritish population, and
Of the eonl'u-iou and conflicts 01 national jurisdictions, dan-
geious to the cherished peace and good understanding of the
two countries:
With a view, therefore, that stops be taken for the abroga-
tion ol' the said convention of the 6th of August, 1827, m
the mode piescnbedm its second aiticle, and that the atten-
tion of the Governments of both may be the more earnestly
and imnu'diateJy directed to renewed efforts tor the settle-
ment of ail their differences and disputes in respcct to satd
teiutory:
Be if mac fed l,y ike Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State, of Jlmerica in Confess assembled* That
the l're>irtent o* the United Slates be, and lie is hereby, au-
thorized at his discretion to pve to the British Government
the notico required hy its ,< aid second article for the abro-
gation of said convention of the 6th Au-^M, 1827 Provided
however, That in oiderto afford ample time and opportunity
for the amicable settlement and adjustment of all their dif-
ferences and deputes m respect to said territory, said notice
ought not to be given till after the close of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked leave of the Senate
to introduce the resolution.
The PRESIDENT remarked that it required the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN merely made a suggestion on
the question of order. He considered the parlia-
mentary rule as established, that when a question
was in the possession of the House, no other prop-
osition on the same subject could be received un-
til that was disposed of; and that the only way a
similar proposition could be brought up was in the
form of an amendment to the original measure.
This rule had been departed from, he knew, in
the other House, and to a certain extent in this,
to the great inconvenience of the proceedings of
each. He would suggest to the Senator, in lieti
of introducing this resolution as an independent
measure, to give notice that when the resolutions
from the Committee on Foreign Relations shall
come up, he will move his resolution as an amend-
ment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he was not
much acquainted wi th questions of order; but he
merely intended, if the Senate gave him leave to
introduce the resolution, to move that it be print-
ed, anil that it be postponed till the 10th of Febru-
ary, or whenever the resolutions of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations should be taken up for
consideration, when he would move his proposi-
tion as an amendment or substitute.
Mr. CALHOUN made no objection, but had
merely suggested the parliamentary course.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he intended to con-
form to the course, in substance, as proposed by
the gentleman from South Carolina.
The resolution was, by unanimous consent, re-
ceived, read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and made the order of the day for the 10th
of February.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BREESE moved that the report of the
Secretary of War in relation to the mineral lands
1 in the State of Illinois, communicated yesterday,
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; which motion was adopted.
Mr. PENNYBACKER presented the following
resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the act entitled "Ail act making pro-
' vision for the payment of pensions to the execu-
' tors or administrators of deceased pensioners, in
' certain cases," approved June 19, 1840, as to ex-
tend the provisions of the same to the cases of
persons entitled to pensions, but who have died
or shall die before their claims for pensions have
been allowed or shall be allowed by the War De-
partment.
Mr. BREESE presented the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether any, and, if any,
what further legislation is necessary to secure the
title in the confirmees, or their heirs respectively,
to certain lands confirmed by the Governors of the
Northwestern, Indiana, and Illinois Territories,
and to report by bill or otherwise; and also to in-
quire into the expediency of establishing a Board
of Commissioners, with power to examine and de-
termine all cases of suspended patents, where, un-
der the existing laws, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is not allowed to act.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to
the Senate what further measures are necessary, if
any, in order to secure the inland communication
from Fort Gratiot and the works now in progress
of completion at Sand Hill, on the Detroit river;
and also, with that view, as to the expediency of
rendering more permanently convenient and avail-
able the military road formerly laid out from Fort
Gratiot fo Detroit; and of extending the same to
said military works at Sandy Hill, and thence to
the United States arsenal at Dearboroville.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petitions of Wil-
liam Butterfiekl, J ames Robinson, and Talcott Read,
asking pensions, made adverse reports thereon;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting a pension to Richard
Elliott; which was read, and the accompanying
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEYIER rose and said that, a day or two
since, he had objected to the proposition to excuse
Mr. Turney from further service on the Committee
on Claims, and he still hoped that he [Mr. T.]
would reconsider his intention, and remain on said
committee. In compliance, however, with the re-
quest of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. T.,]
he withdrew his objection.
