1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
The question being then taken, Mr. Turney was
excused.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the vacancy occa-
sioned on the Committee on Claims by the resig-
nation of Mr. Turkey , be filled by nomination by
the Chair; which motion was agreed to. The Pres-
ident did not, however, make an appointment.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The adverse report made by the Committee on
Indian Affairs on the petition of Catlin, Peoples,
& Co., asking remuneration for loss sustained by
them from Creek Indians in 1836, was taken up
for action; when %
Mr. BAGBY said that the committee were sat-
isfied that the petitioners had sustained loss to the
amount named in their petition, but not under cir-
cumstances which would entitle them to the relief
sought.
The report was adopted, and the claim disal-
lowed.
INUNDATED LANDS ON MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
The following resolution, reported yesterday by
the Committee on the Public Lands, was taken up
for action:
Resolved-, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to cause an examination to be made of the
public lands subject to the overflowing of the Mis-
sissippi river between Memphis and Vicksburg,
with an estimate of the probable amount required
to protect them from such overflow, and the quan-
tity of lands which will thereby become saleable,
«uid report a plan for such protection, if practicable,
at the present session of Congress, or at an early
day of the next session.
On the suggestion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louis-
iana, the consideration of the resolution was post-
poned.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
The " Bill to establish a national armory nt the
" Suck on the Tennessee river, in the State of Teit-
' nessee," was read a second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
PRE-EMPTION SYSTEM, &C.
The " Bill to establish a genoinl pre-emption
4 system in favor of actual settlers on the public
' funds," was, on motion of Mr. BREESE, passed
by informally.
The " Bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddnrd &
Co." was read a second time, and considered as
in committee of the whole.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading of the re-
port made thereon by the Committee on Claims ;
which was ordered.
After some desultory debate between Messrs. J.
M.CLAYTON,TURNEY,BAGBY,SPEIGHT,
and JOHNSON of Maryland,
Mr. ALLEN moved to lay the bill on the table,
in order to enable the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of Executive business; which motion was
negatived, and the bill was, by consent, passed by
informally.
The Senate proceeded into Executive session;
and, after some time spent therein, (during which
one or two nominations were confirmed,) the doors
were opened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP R RPR ESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, January 14, 1846.
The Journal ofyesteiday was read ill part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
approved.
Mr. Phelps, member elect from the State of
Missouri, appeared, was qualified, and took his
seat.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the call of the committees
for reports.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. PETTIT, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. Tibbatts in the chair,and resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution heretofore
reported by Mr. C. J. Inuersoll, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, providing for the twelve
months' notice to Great Britain of the termination"
of the convention between that Government and
the United States respecting the Oregon Territory;
and of the amendments thereto pending.
Mr. STANTON was entitled to the floor, and
(after a moment's interruption) proceeded to ad-
dress the committee. He said—
Mr. Chairman: In the intense anxiety of nu-
merous members of the House to address the
committee upon this momentous question, a pro-
per estimate of my personal position and influ-
ence would require me to listen rather than to
speak. A discussion of this character, main-
tained for so long a time, must have an impor-
tant and immediate influence upon the business
occupations and interests of the people of this
vast country. But this influence, great as it is,
and by no means to be overlooked or despised, is
but dust in the balance, compared with those graver
consequents which will result to this country and
the world, if the fears of many gentlemen should
be realized, and war should follow. Stupendous
conflicts of nations and systems—conflicts which
will shake, not only this country, but this globe to
its centre—may possibly hang upon the issue of
this debate.
I approacli this subject of overwhelming mag-
nitude with a perfect knowledge of the slight influ-
ence my opinions can be expected to have, either
upon this House or the country; yet, representing
a district of some importance, both in its agricul-
tural and commercial interests—a district compris-
ing a portion of the people of a State whose sons
have acquired some laurels in war, as well as some
distinction in the more quiet walks of peaceful
statesmanship—I feel it to be my duty to trouble
the committee with my views upon the subject now
under discussion. The people of Tennessee will
not be backwaid to express their opinions—they
will not be fearA.il to maintain them, in whatever
manner and to whatevci extent the occasion may
require. I speak for myself. I think I can speak
for those of my colleagues with whom I am asso-
ciated a.s a member o( the same party. I hope I
can speak also for those with whom 1 am not thus
associated. At any rate, I hope at least to hear
from them before this discussion shall close, and
that their views will exhibit a noble patriotism,
which, upon a great question, involving the honor
and interest of the whole nation, will forget all
personal and party distinctions, and support the
cause of their country with all their known tal-
ents, and with all the ardor and devotion of Ten-
nesseeans,
Mr. Chairman, there seems to be little diversity
of opinion here as to the question of title between
Great Britain and the United States. I believe the
recent correspondence between therespectivePleni-
potentiarics of the two countries, will convince the
impartial judgment of the world that we are right-
fully entitled to the whole Territory of Oregon,
according to the principles adopted by European
nations in reference to the appropriation of the
American continent. 1 express no opinion as to the
justice of those principles; I assert only, that even
according to them, the whole of Oregon is ours. I
shall follow the example of nearly all the gentle-
men who have preceded me in this discussion, in
omitting any argument on the question of title, ex-
cept incidentally, in another part of my remarks.
The only question which has given rise to any
serious debate here, is that which properly arises
upon these lesolutions—the propriety or impro-
priety of giving notice to Great Britain of the ter-
mination of the existing convention between the
two Powers after a period of twelve months.
This is the vital point of difference—the very
hinge upon which our deliberations must event-
ually turn. And upon this great question, the
widest and most irreconcilable differences prevail.
It is asserted, and vehemently maintained, on one
side of the House, that to give this notice will in-
evitably involve the two nations in war; on the other,
it is maintained, with equal earnestness, that the
measure proposed will not lead to war—that it is
the only possible means of bringing the matter
speedily to a favorable and peaceful termination. On
the one hand gentlemen dcelare that they will take
no step for the extension of our laws or the security
of our citizens in Oregon, unless this notice be
given; while, on the other hand, gentlemen say
they will do all these things—they will extend our
laws, erect forts, provide men and arms, establish
Tndian agencies and post-routes—in short, they will
do everything else, but they will not ghe this no-
tice. Sir, these are grave questions—questions
upon which gentlemen may well differ without any
just imputation upon their patriotism.
It is my intention, for the time allotted me by the
rules of the House, to endeavor to discuss these
questions, stripping them of every irrelevant con-
sideration, and, to the best of my ability, to arrive
at a conclusion which shall be supported by reason
and fortified by argument.
I maintain, sir, that the notice proposed to be
given to Great Britain cannot, of itself, be consid-
ered a war measure. The rival claimants them-
selves have incorporated into the convention which
we seek to terminate, a provision authorizing either
party, at any moment, to do the very act which
these resolutions are designed to effect. How can
it be a war measure simply to perform the solemn
stipulations of an existing treaty? So far from
such a conclusion being at all justifiable, there is,
on the contrary, not the least unfriendliness in the
measure recommended by the President, and re-
ported by the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. It is a stipulated right,
which England may exercise at any moment with-
out any provocation to us, and which we may like-
wise claim without giving her any just cause of
offence. Is not this proposition clear ? And yet
gentlemen have repeatedly and boldly asserted the
contrary. I demand to know why this measure
is called a war measure. I require, at least, some
attempt at plausible reasoning to sustain the asser-
tion. I have listened with the utmost attention to
the arguments of some of the most distinguished
gentlemen on this floor. I heard them assert again
and again, that this measure is equivalent to war,
and I hoped they would allege some reason for the
assertion. I was wholly disappointed. This as-
sumption was made the basis of almost the whole
of their arguments; and yet, I must confess, I was
unable to see the strength of the foundation upon
which their beautiful superstructures were reared.
I maintain, sir, that the burden of proof and of ar-
gument rests upon them. Before we can assent to
their proposition, they must make at least a prima
facie case, and show why a measure provided for
in the existing convention between the contending
parties, can be considered a warlike procedure. I
mvite any gentleman to take up the argument where
they have leftit, andmakegood the assertion which
they have evidently failed to sustain.
The distinguished and eloquent gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Yancey] asserted that the conven-
tion wus adopted as a substitute for war, leaving
the inference to be drawn, that in the absence of
the convention, war must necessarily have follow-
ed. I cannot admit either the statement or the in-
ference. It does by no means follow, that because
the two nations could not immediately agree upon
terms of adjustment, war must necessarily ensue,
without an agreement for joint rights within the
disputed territory. I consider the conventions to
have been unfortunate concessions on our part,
tending to lengthen and complicate the negotia-
tions, and to delay and render more difficult and
dangerous the final adjustment of the. question. It
was an expedient, adopted in an evil hour, to put
off a matter which must have forced a speedy and
peaceable settlement of itself, had it not been the
subject of these unfortunate agreements.
The same gentleman also declared that " Eng-
'land's rejection of our offers proves that war
'would have followed but for the conventions."
Theie is as little foundation for this assertion as
for the other. If this proposition be true, its con-
verse may likewise be affirmed; and it follows that
we would have gone to war upon our own rejection
of England's offers. But, sir, the rejection of an
offer, on one side or the other, does not preclude
further offers, nor does it necessarily imply that
the parties will then resort to the last dread alter-
native of war. It does not preclude the possibility
that one party will, at the critical moment, abandon
its unjust claims, and leave the other to the enjoy-
ment of its rights. Surely, sir, there is nothing in
these assertions which can establish the propriety
of entering into, or continuing, an agreement, the
only effect of which has been, and will continue to
be, to involve the parties in relations more complex
and difficult of settlement than before.
Nevertheless, sir, I must acknowledge that, if
England persists in attempting to hold all the ter-
ritory north of the Columbia river, or any portion
of it south of the 49th parallel of latitude, war must
necessarily come. But this will not be on account
of notice; war will ensue under these circumstan-
ces, with or without notice. We can never submit
to such a claim on the part of England. The war
