200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
which she may wage in asserting that ciaim will
be a war of aggression and invasion—a war which
we must meet, as we would surely meet the inva-
der of this Capitol. I say it would be a war of in-
vasion. And to show my exact meaning, I must
be permitted to digress here for a while, to make
some statements m reference to the title. I hold
that England has no just title to any portion of Ore-
gon. But her most plausible ground of pretension
would be by that of contiguity, extending her pos-
sessions in North America by the 49th parallel to
the Pacific. Now, if the Canadas actually extend-
ed on the line of 49° to the Rocky mountains, and
the English Government were actually present with
its people and its power on the north of that line,
and the two nations stood upon equal footing in
regard to other sources of title, then England might
justly claim to extend her territory on that line to
the ocean. But none of these conditions actually
exist. The Canadas do not extend on that line
to the Rocky mountains ; England is not present
with her people and her government on this conti-
nent; and she does not stand u^on an equal footing
as to other grounds of title. 1 he country contigu-
ous to that part of Oregon north of 49°, is tire
possession of the Hudson Bay Company, mid
cannot be extended by this principle of contiguity.
The argument in this respect has lately been placed
in a strong light. That company is a mere incor-
poration, and is subject to the limits prescribed by
its charter, which is the law of its creation. That
charter originally confined the company to Hud-
son's bay and its tributaries; and these limits can-
not by any torture of construction be extended to
those waters which fall over on the other side of
the Rocky mountains into the Pacific ocean. An
artificial person, a corporation, cannot overleap its
prescribed powers; it cannot, therefore, extend its
territories by the principle of contiguity. This is
a well-settled principle of English common law; it
is a principle which may well be adopted—indeed
must be admitted—into the law of nations.
But I assume higher ground: I maintain, if this
principle did not stand in the way—if the charter
of the company as originally granted did not cir-
cumscribe its limits within that vast basin in the
upper part of North America of which Hudson's
bay is the centre, still it is not just, it never can be
admitted, that a nation on another continent shall
extend its possessions on this by contiguity. If
the Canadas themselves bordered on this disputed
country, and the circumstances of the two coun-
tries were otherwise equal, I should earnestly dis-
pute the applicability of this principle. In the very
nature of things it is wrong. Sir, the magnetic
wires cannot be extended across the Atlantic ocean
—the all pervading influence of electiicity is stopped
there, and its mysterious voice is drowned in the
noise of the surge that beats our shore. Is the in-
visible power of England more penetrating and
pervading than the universal agent I have named?
Or rather, do the silent emanations of her power
circulate around the whole globe, (like those mighty
currents which give polarity to the earth and direct
the needle,) causing every interest in every land,
to turn trembling upon its centre, and point to
London as its pole? Are there no barriers? Do
its intangible links extend through all oceans, over
all lands, enabling her to grasp new countries, and
divide them with contiguous powers, because she
has a foothold by their side? The law which
makes the ocean a barrier to instantaneous com-
munication between nations—the law of nature,
which has separated continents by interposing vast
abysses, forbids that nations on one continent shall
have rights on another by implication, extension,
contiguity, or by any other invisible, intangible,
metaphysical principle whatever. England has
attempted to carry out on this continent, by diplo-
macy, the principles which she has established by
the sword in her East India aggression. It re-
mains to he seen whether, when diplomacy fails,
she will attempt to use the same means here. The
United States owe it to themselves—they owe it to
this continent, and the world—to resist the appli-
cation of those principles. The powers of the Old
World, upon the discovery of this continent,
adopted principles for its division among them-
selves; they may have been bound to each other
for the maintenance of those principles. Nay,
those principles may have been just and wise in
their application to such nations, distant as they
were from the wild and uncultivated countries
which they sought to appropriate. Yet it does not
follow that we are to be bound by these conven-
tional arrangements. Our relations to this conti-
nent are widely different. We have arisen here,
a mighty nation, fast approaching, and destined
soon to surpass, the greatness of any European
power. We have undisputed rightful possession
of a large portion of this continent, and neither .rea-
son nor authority will admit that the government
of any unappropriated portion of it should be trans-
ferred to a distant nation.
1 hope I shall be understood. I do not mean to
adopt that ground of title which had been assum-
ed here by some gentlemen, under the imposing
name of manifest destiny. It was the manifest des-
tiny of England to spread her empire over a large
portion of this continent, and of Asia. But that
destiny, made manifest by complete fulfilment and
perfect realization, neither commends itself to our
minds ns right, nor does it justify the arbitrary and
oppressive measures by which it has been achieved.
I believe it is our destiny to possess the whole of
Oregon; but this destiny does not make it right; it
is our destiny, because it is right. It is not neces-
sary to name the principle I have attempted to stale,
nor docs it require any course of reasoning to es-
tablish it. It is one of those propositions of which
the, bare statement cairies conviction to the mind.
It is an axiom in political science, as applied to this
continent, and must receive universal assent, be-
cause it is based upon the law of nature. It is tbe
same principle, in cti'cct, which Mr. Monroe stated
when he denied the right of European nations to
make further colonies on this continent, and which
the President, in his late Message, has again so
anpropriately and opportunely asserted in the i'ace
oi' the world.
If there be any force in my reasoning, Mr.
Chairman, it follows as a clear inference that a
war prosecuted by Great Britain for «ity part of
Oregon would be a war of aggression. And it
would be a monstrous usurpation, a gross and
blasting slmme to humanity, surpassing all the
bounds of ordinary crime, if England should de-
termine to wage war upon us for any part of the
territory hrtow the i'.ilh parallel. And, sir, I repeat,
if such'be the, disposition of the British Govern-
ment, if such be her foregone determination, the
war must and will come, with or without notice.
England would be responsible to the world—to
! Heaven—for the disastious consequences of such
t a war. It would be but another crime of fearful
I magnitude added to that ahead y mountainous mass
I of fraud and havoc by which England, hus hercto-
| fore extended her power, and by which she now
I maintains it. Did some gentleman say her crimes
! were represented by a vast pyramid of human
] skulls? I say, sir, rather by a huge pyramid of
1 human hearts, living, yet bleeding in agony, as
I they are torn from the reeking bosoms of the toil-
| ing, fighting millions !
! It is said, if this war comes, it will be no ordi-
1 nary war—it will be a war in which the despot-
isms of the Old World will struggle in deadly con-
flict with the freedom of the New. And it has been
asserted here that m this contest liberty will bite
the ground, and go down forever. Sir, those who
take this view leave out of the calculation one most
important element. They seem to forget that we
shall have the sympathies of the masses in all na-
tions—that the people who bear the burden of op-
pression, and who so frequently seek to escape to
this country from the merciless exactions of Gov-
ernments that sustain themselves by immense, stand-
ing armies, will not willingly battle in the cause of
tyranny against that of freedom. They forget that
Ireland is tumultuous; that Canada only waits for a
fair opportunity to throw oft the British yoke; that
Louis Philippe cannot be expected to live much
longer; and that the British people themselves are
groaning restlessly under laws whit li deprive them
of bread, and at the same time cxact from them
interest upon a debt of four thousand millions of
dollars, as well as revenues to support a vast and
splendid Government. Sir, when these things are
duly weighed, the termination ofsuch a contest may
not be quite so unfavorable to us as some gentle-
men imagine. If war be fearful to us, it is equally
formidable to England. She is not in a situation
to court war. We never have, we never shall court
it.
Gentlemen speak of the preparation of England,
and our want of it. They point to the steam fleet
of that haughty nation, and tell us it will blow our
navy'out of the water, and demolish our cities. 1
shall make but one remark on this subject. It ia
fortunate for us that we have not frittered away
our strength and our means in maintaining large
standing armies and building mighty fleets;, for
this is the age in which great inventions have been
made. Man lias been calling to his aid and sub-
duing to his purposes the tremendous powers of
elemental nature; and if I am not greatly mistaken, •
there are now spirits at work in this Capitol whose
inventions, sanctioned by scientific minds and ap 
proved by practical men, will supersede any former
combination of forces, and render the boasted Brit-
ish navy comparatively clumsy and powerless.
This Government may not have the wisdom to
adopt them. That remains to be seen. At all
events, sir, we never can, perhaps we never ought,
to be better prepared for war than we are at pre-
sent, except when the occasion itself shall impe-
riously demand the preparation. It is only at a
crisis like this, when we shall be suddenly brought
into danger of conflict with other Powers, that our
sluggish energies will be awakened. Let the-hour
of action come, and this great nation will create
fleets and collect armic3, with a celerity which Will
astonish the world. Sir, I hope the occasion will
not come; I believe it will not, I know it cannot,
unless England shall wantonly invade our rights.
But gentlemen in this debate have endeavored
to look into the future, and calculate the conse-
quences of war to our free institutions. Doubtless
war must tend to strengthen the central power, and
it cannot by any means be the element in which
our institutions will flourish best. I deplore the
havoc, the exhaustion, the taxes, the debt, that
must be the result of such a struggle. Yet our
country was nurtured m war. Our institutions
took their very start from the tumult of the bat-
tle-field, and they have since been tried by an-
other stern ordeal", in a conflict with the same pow-
erful people. If it should be our fate again to be
involved m the same calamity, does any gentleman
believe the result will be tile less glorious than in
the two former wars? If such fears steal into our
hearts, the battle is already lost. If we must go
into the conflict, let us at least go with our usual
confidence m the stars which have ever led us to
victory.
I have argued that the proposed notice is not in
itself a cause of war, and I think I have fully sus-
tained the position. But gentlemen may say, al-
though notice itself may not be a sufficient provo-
cation, tbe measures contemplated afterwards will
be the cause of hostilities. What measures? Will
it be the extension of our laws over our citizens in
Oregon? England has long since done the same
thing. Will it be the erection of forts within the
territory? England already has there her fortified
stations. What measures have been proposed
which can possibly be objected to? Is it the occu-
pation of Oregon by emigration from the United
States? If this be the fancied cause of war, I do
not see why we, who desire to give the notice, can
be more responsible for it than they who oppose it:
for not one of the opponents of this measure has
failed to say that our population would finally settle
the right to the whole of Oregon. Then, if I under-
stand them correctly, they are for occupying the
whole of Oregon as well as we. Some of them, in-
deed, have expressed a perfect willingness to do
everything that has been proposed, except thegiv-
lng of this notice. I cannot but think there is some
little inconsistency in these two positions. If those
measures will excite England to war with notice,
will they not do so without notice ? Might not
England, perhaps, complain of a violation on our
part of existing treaty stipulations ? And would
not this be a pretext for war, which would not ex-
ist after the treaty shall have been terminated by
the stipulated notice? I ask, sir, what we have
proposed 'to do, that all other gentlemen in this
House are not willing to do, leaving out of view
the notice? There is nothing, sir; and as the no-
tice, of itself, is evidently not war, those gentlemen
are as ready to plunge the country into a war aa
we, for they would do everything of a warlike na-
ture which we propose to do.
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe this notice will
produce war. I believe, on the contrary, it will
tend to hasten the peaccable adjustment of the
question. Am I required to say why I believe
j tb is ? I mightjwell answer, that we have been ne-
! gotiating under the existing convention for more
| than a quarter of a century, and yet we have made
; no progress whatever in the business. I might
