1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
whole of Oregon down to 42° should belong to
Great Britain than to the United States. Yes, sir;
this is the Sonth Carolina policy ! Oregon on time!
a policy identical, in regard to that territory, with
the British policy itself.
Great Britain has numerous forts south of 49°,
or m that part of the territory which lies north of
the Columbia; and she even has one fort two hun-
dred miles south of the Columbia river—Fort
Umqua—south of Port Astoria, or Fort George.
Are gentlemen prepared to give up this territory
south of 49°? Gentlemen say this subject should
be teft in the hands of the President—that it is an
executive concern. But, sir, the giving this notice
will not take from the Executive department of the
Government its proper, independent jurisdiction.
That will remain where it is, m statu quo. Whether
any treaty is to be ratified between this Govern-
ment and Great Britain, or whether any offers are
to be made on the part of Great Britain, I know
not, nor do I cave. I will not interfere with that
question. I will not inquire, nor anticipate what
offer the Executive would receive, or Great Britain
make. I know not, nor will I undertake to ascer-
tain. But if any offer should be made, I trust that
the Executive will ratify no treaty that would not
receive the sanction oi* the nation, and accord with
the just rights of our people. I am willing to leave
that matter in the hands of the Executive, where
this notice would leave it, where it now is, and
with which we cannot interfere.
Great Britain has manifested a disposition to
contend not only for the territory north of forty-
nine degrees, but for that north of the Columbia
river. And if we are to contend for any part of
this territory, we may as well, if the conflict is to
come, contend for that north of forty-nine degrees
as for that between forty-nine degrees and the
Columbia river.
I believe our title to the whole of Oregon up to
54° 40'is "clear and unquestionable;" and that
below 49°, under no circumstances, is an inch of
this territory to be surrendered to tlie British Gov-
ernment. Whether the territory north of 49° and
south of 54° 40' is a matter of compromise, nego-
tiation, and settlement between the two Govern-
ments, I will not now undertake to say. It is suffi-
cient for rue to repeat the expression of my belief
that our title up to 54° 40' is " clear and unques-
tionable.15
Much has been said about the power of Great
Britain, and the danger of entering upon a war
with her; that we nm«t forego our treaty rights,
because she is a powerful and a dangerous foe;
that her colonies and her possessions encircle the
world from north to south, from east to west; and
that tins would be no little war, but a contest be-
tween systems—a long, protracted, arduous, and
bloody war. Now, if Great Britain encircles the
world with her possessions, it only argues her
weakness, not her strength, She has to maintain
large armies in the iCast Indies, and a military
force in Canada. In all her settlements, it is ne-
cessary for her to maintain a military establish-
ment; and, therefore, I say that her extended col-
onies, her vast power in that respcct, is, in fact,
only her weakness. And if a declaration of war
should come—and if it comes at all, it must be
from her and not from us—it will be the signal of
her dissolution. Her restless colonies would then
have an opportunity to strike a blow; and at this
moment she is weaker than she ever was at any
time since she became mistress of the seas. The
defeat of her aggressive attack upon the Chinese
would have proved her downfall. Let her once
become engaged in war, and let Canada or Ireland j
evince a disposition to regain their lost independ- 1
ence, and the British empire will be at an end.
She knows it. She is less ready to go to war, and
less able to maintain a war, either offensive or
defensive, than either France, Russia, or the United
States. She has too many colonics. She wants
more concentrated power. The extended cam-
paigns and the numerous conquests of Napoleon
consigned him to banishment at St. Helena; and
the extensive conquests of Great Britain will be
her grave.
I do not know that I shall dread the conflict, if
it come; and I venture to say that Great Britain
dreads it more than the United States. Sir Robert
Peel, indeed, in a speech made in the British Par-
liament responsive to the Inaugural Address of the
President, blustered about war; but it was intended
to operate on the weak nerves of the American peo-
ple and Government. He had tried this course of
action in the case of McLeod, and in the contro-
versy about the Northeastern boundary treaty,
when other men were at the helm of this Govern-
ment; and he had found that bluster and bravado
had had their effect upon the men then in power.
The British Government was now resorting to the
same means of intimidation; but, thank God, they
had to deal with different agents on the part of this
people.
I nave no prejudice against the British—I mean
against the British people. I admire them; I ad-
mire those who toil in her work-shops and her
fields of agriculture; nay, if you please, I admire
her armies and her navy. 1 like them for their
bravery—for their love of liberty—their virtue—
their industry. Why should I not? They are
blood of our blood, bone of our bone, and flesh of
our flesh; we speak the same language; we are
descended from the same common ancestry. But I
must hold them, as 1 hold the rest of the world,
" Friends in peace, enemies in war." But I draw a
distinction between the British people and the Brit-
ish Government. I abhor and detest the Brit-
ish Government. Would to God that the British
people—the Irish, the Scotch, the Welch, and the
English—would rise up in rebellion, sponge out the
national debt, confiscate the land, and sell it in
small parcels among the people. Ne\er, in the
world, will they reach the promised land of equal
lights except through this Red sea of blood. Let
Great Britain declare war, and I fervently hope that
the British people—at least the Irish—will seize
the occasion to rise and assert their independence.
This was the sentiment of the illustrious Emmet,
when, on his trial, he dcclarcd "if the French
' came as invaders, he would meet them on the
4 beach with a sword in one hand and a torch in
4 the other; he would ru/.c cwiy house, and burn
' every blade of grass*, and the last intrenchment of
' freedom should be his grave."
Such are my sentiments in relation to the British
Government and the British people. In the con-
troversy between Franco ana Great Britain, or
Russia and Great Biitani, I would rather that the
British Government should triumph than that she
should fall; 1 would rather see the Bntish people
the subjects of the British Government than the
subjects of France or the sells of Russia. I be-
lieve they are better oif under the British Govern-
ment than they would be under a foreign yoke;
but I again repeat that I abhor that Government;
I abhor that purse-proud and pampered aristocracy,
with its bloated pension list, which, for centuries
past, has wrung its being from the toil, the sweat,
and the blood of that people.
Now why do we want Oregon? It is a large
country, extending some twelve and a half degrees
north and south, and some seven hundred miles in
breadth from east to west, with a salubrious cli-
mate and a fertile soil. It is the key of the Pacific.
It will command the trade of the isles of the Paci-
fic, of the East, and of China. We want Oregon,
because it is contiguous to the United States; to
establish there the institutions of freedom; to plant
there the tree of liberty; to erect there our standard;
and to wave there the star-spangled banner upon
the highest and most remote boundaries of that
territory, in honor of those institutions consecrated
by the blood of the Revolution, and founded by
our Washington, our Franklin, our Jefferson, and
our Adams. Wc want it, sir, bccausc it is oxirs;
wo want it bccause the British icanl it; we want
it because it will make a happy home for unborn
millions who are to emigrate from these States to
the west of the Rocky mountains; we want it be-
cause our people have gone there, wish to go there,
and will go there, to make permanent settlements,
to establish homes for themselves and their pos-
terity forever. With Oregon, we command the
trade of the Pacific and the trade of the Atlantic.
1 repent, sir, unless we give this notice and fol-
low up the giving this notice, by the extension
of our laws and protection over our settlers in
Oregon, that they never will go north of the Co-
lumbia river to settle; that the whole territory
north of the Columbia river is certain, in the
end, to fall into the hands of Great Britain. She
now has Fort Vancouver, Fort George, and vari-
ous other foils located on the Columbia river, with
her settlements about them; and our citizens will
not go there. If we fail to carry out the recom-
mendations of the Executive, which to me seem
reasonable and just, our citizens, instead of bend-
ing their course to the northward of the Columbia
river, will eventually go down to California, and
make their settlement in the south; and thus will
carry out that "mastely inactivity" policy to
which I have adverted.
When I rose, Mr. Chairman, I did not expect
to occupy the full time allowed me. I have briefly
glanced at the leading considerations that have
governed me and brought me to the conclusion I
have attained, that we are bound—bound by the
honor of this nation, and by that justice which is
due to our settlers in Oregon—to give this notice;
to unfetter ourselves, and to extend our laws and
our jurisdiction over this people, that they m&y
receive that encouragement which is necessary for
the occupation and the peopling of this territory.
It appears to me—and so I think the Bntish Gov-
ernment will regard it—that if we fail to give this
notice, and to pass those measures which are re-
commended to us, and which gentlemen say they
will pass, that the British Government will regard
it as an indication on the part of Congress, at least,
that the territory south of 49° as well as north of
49°, is a matter for negotiation, for compromise,
and for division. Now, is there any gentleman on
this floor who is prepared to say that the terri-
tory south of 49° aoes not belong to us? And is
there any one on this floor prepared to intimate
to the Executive or to Great Britain that the ter-
ritory south of that parallel is open for negotia-
tion? I trust not; and, having submitted these
views, 1 yield the floor.
Mr. BR1NKERHOFF next obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee.
Mr. CiiAiKMtN : When I declare that it is with
great reluctance that I have brought my mind to
the conclusion to take part at all in this debate, and
that, consulting my own feelings alone, I should
not have attempted to do so, it will probably gain
very little credence here. It is, nevertheless, true.
I design, however, to say a few words, and but
a very few words, on the resolution before the
House, and that solely for the purpose of placing
the ground of my action, upon a question which is
admitted to be one of so much moment, before my
own immediate constituents.
Throughout the whole course of this debate here,
sir, and m all the discussions on this Oregon ques-
tion, which have occupied the public press through-
out the country, one gratifying fact has manifested
itself,'and that is, the entire unanimity of Congress
and of the country as to the validity of the Ameri-
can title to Oregon.
From the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] who has, with so much spirit
and energy, advocated giving notice, to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mi\Rhett,] who with
such impassioned vehemence opposed it—on every
Hand, and upon all sides, it is not only admitted,
but insisted, that the American title to Oregon is
" clear and unquestionable," indicating that, what-
ever may be the consequences to arise from our ac-
tion here, we shall present to the country and to
the world a united, an unbroken front.
fl have just risen from a somewhat careful read-
ing of the correspondence between the plenipoten-
tiaries of the two nations in regard to this contro-
versy. I had been told, previous to the reading,
of the triumph of the American negotiator—of the
conviction, amounting almost to absolute demon-
stration, which his clear arid masterly expose of
our rights was calculated to produce—of the per-
fection of our title, as against Great Britain, to that
country; but I must say, like the Queen of Sheba,
when gazing on the architectural wonders of Jeru-
salem, that I had not heard the half of it; and I be-
lieve that any unprejudiced man, of any country or
of any party, who will read that correspondence,
must feel that the honor of our country js enlisted
in the maintenance of our posessions there, be-
cause—and that is reason enough—because that
country is of right our own. I agree with the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] upon this point—
and not upon this only, but upon many others,
I may say upon all other points I agree with him—
that when, for all the purposes of this debate, it is
admitted that Oregon is ours, we may make our-
selves easy as to the consequences that are to fol-
low from the assertion of our title; for, whatever
these consequences may be, we, who take the re-
sponsibility of that action, may fall back, with con-
sciences quiet and easy, upon the consciousness of
having been actuated by a sense of duty, and by a
regard to the rights and the honor of the country.
