204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, M,
I go for the notice, sir. I have all along been of
the opinion that the notice should be given; but I
will say that I am extremely gratified to find my-
self m this position, in the company with which I
am surrounded. I was extremely happy to learn,
from the report of the debate on this floor, (for I
had not the pleasure of listening to the gentleman,)
that the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts
had taken that position. Firm as are my own eon- I
■fictions, I confess I am glad to fortify them by so !
high authority; and I am glad, further, that the I
reproach which had begun so extensively to be
insinuated through thccouhtry, thatall this move- ,
mentis the result of the action'of hair-brained, hot- j
headed young men, trying to play the statesman, 1
has been removed by the stand which that gentle-
man has taken upon that question. It is not these
liair-br;uncd, hot-headed young men alone that ad-
vocate this measure, it has tlie advocacy of sage
experience—of a man, who literally stands in the
midst of posterity, whose life is in the past, whose
only ambition is not for the future, but for the cor- :
rect discharge of those responsibilities which at- j
tend the close of human existence. '
But although it is admitted throughout that the i
American title to Oregon "is clear and luirjuostioii- '
able," yet the fact of the joint convention of 18'27
exists. We have by the terms of that convention
admitted Great Britain to a kind of partnership in |
it; she has a recognised tcnancy there which can ;
only be terminated by one year's notice; and the -
question is not as to the original propriety and pol- !
icy of this convention. It exists; and the question !
is, Shall we dissolve this paitnership ? Shall we j
get rid of" this tenancy, by giving the other party j
notice to quit? It is said this is a warlike measure, j
But I repeat what others have said who have spo- ;
ken before me, that I cannot discover anything of i,
that character in it. We dissolve the partnership,
sir ; but we do it in strict conformity with the
stipulations of the articles of partnership; we give
the tenant notice to quit, but it is in accordance
with the express provisions of the lease. So Su-
fi om violating any treaty—which everybody
knows would be a cause of war—we are, in giving
notice, acting m strict conformity with the piovis-
ions of the treaty, and are carrying out a measure,
foreseen, anticipated, provided for by the treaty
which is to be abrogated. It is not then a warlike,
it is a treaty measure, a peace measure, and nothing
else.
" But," ask gentlemen, " why should the part-
nership be terminated ? Why should the conven-
tion be abrogated ? What reason exists for it?"
We might properly ask them to advance positively
what reasons exist for its continuance. They luu e
given no satisfactory reason of that kind—at least
no satisfactory reason to my mind. I will, how-
ever, state briefly the reasons why I am in favor
of abrogating the convention. And, in the first
place, I am in favor of it—in favor of giving this
notice—because Great Britain, as a matter of fact,
has under this convention all she asks. Great Brit-
ain has olfered to compromise on the line of the
Columbia river. We have offered the line of 49°.
Who has the intervening territory between these
two points? I ask you, sir: Have we? If, as a
matter of fact, we had the possession and occu-
pancy and the usufruct of the disputed territory
between the Columbia river, which was her oiler,
and the line of 49°, which was ours, then there
might be a cause for continuing the convention in
force. But she has it, as a matter of fact; and thus
she is actually m possession of all she claims and
all she asks. We have a small population m that
territory, I grant; but none of it north of 46°. We
have not a solitary family north of the Columbia
river. They are excluded from it by the circum-
stances of the case, by the British occupancy of
the northern bank of that river, by the adverse in- '
fluences which are brought to bear on American
settlers there. The fact stated by the honorable
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Oiven,] that an
American settler, who had undertaken to plant
himself on the northern bank, had been bought
out by the Hudson Bay Company by the payment,
. on its part, of a liberal sum—that fact speaks vol-
umes on this subject. It is true that the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] undeitook to
ridicule this, when considered as an objectionable
fact, by intimating that it was a favorable specula-
tion for the settler. But suppose that you admit
that it was advantageous to the individual settler,
the question is, whether it is policy for us to per-
mit such influences to exist there ? It may be fa-
vorable to the individual settler, but is it favorable
^ 2 American interests in Oregon? And when
the Hudson Bay Company—unquestionably desir-
ous of peace, so long1 as their interests can be main-
tamed to the full extent by peaceful measures—are
willing thus to sacrifice their money to retain the
territory north of the Columbia river, what meas-
ures would they not be willing to resort to, if these
peaceful measures should fail to accomplish their
ends. This fact shows the existence of a determi-
nation on the part of Great Britain, or of her agent,
the Hudson pay Company, "peaceably if they
can, forcibly if they must," to keep possession of
the northern bank of that river. And this is all
Great Britain asks even when treating upon that
subject. Our position, therefore, cannot, be made
worse by giving this notice. Great Britain desires
the continuance of this convention; and the suppo-
sition on her part that the notice will not be given,
that the convention will be preserved in force—that
she can thus continue to derive all the advantages
from the existing convention that she would derive
from a treaty on the basis of the Columbia river,
is a reason why our liberal and generous—too lib-
eral and generous—ofler of compromise on the 49th
degree was so summarily rejected by her.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Riiett,] in attempting to frighten us and the coun-
try from the vigorous exertion of our rights in
Oregon, tells us that the cross of St. George waves
over thirty British forts in Oregon, and tliat when
you assert these rights you must tear down the
cross and place our flag there in its stead. A
strange argument this for a gentleman to use who
advocates the continuance of "this convention! This
has occurred under the existence of this conven-
tion ; it was while this convention has been in force
that these forts have been planted, erected, and
maintained; and if twenty years have resulted in
the erection and manning of thirty British semi-
military posts there, while we hate not one, what
are we to expect from the further continuance of it?
But, mi-, there is another reason why this notice
should be given. Our people are m Oregon; they
demand to be protected tlicie. They have gone
there without law; they have none, except such
as they have temporarily established. They ask
the extension of our laws over them; they ask to
be protected in " life, liberty, and the pursuit of"
jiroperty.and " happiness"—to be protected by us.
riiey have hearts of true allegiance towards us;
and we cannot deny that request without aliena-
ting their affections from us. Can we? I ask any
gentleman, whatever his opinion on this subject,
to answer me this question: can you continue to
retain the allegiance of those settlers in Oregon,
if you refuse to protect them ? The Hudson Bay
Company—wo have it officially—are already urg-
ing these settlers to set up for themselves, and to
declare themselves independent alike of us and of
every other nation. Let us delay a little longer,
and that appeal will acquire force.
"But," say gentlemen, "we intend to extend
our laws over our citizens in that territory. Great
Britain has done the same thing. We have aright
to the same action." Very well; some are of
opinion that we have, not that right. But suppose
we do thus extend our laws; you will have a king-
dom within a kingdom; you will have the laws
and jurisdictions of two nations overlapping each
othei; you will have the British laws over one
man, and the American laws over another, in the
same cabin; and how will you prevent the conflict
of jurisdiction, resulting inevitably, necessarily,
speedily, in the conflict of men, of force, of power.
I think the argument of a distinguished Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as reported in the pub-
lic papers to have been made upon his resolution
of inquiry into the state of the public defences,
upon this point, is conclusive and unanswerable.
Extend your jurisdiction over American citizens
in Oregon, and it necessarily comes in conflict
with the Biitish jurisdiction over the same terri-
tory. And this conflict of jurisdiction will inevit-
ably bring on a conflict of a different and more
serious character.
The question, then, must be settled, matters
must be brought to a crisis—not necessarily or
even probably to a warlike crisis, but to a crisis.
It must be met. Great Britain is monopolizing the
whole trade of that country. Her representative
there is the Hudson Bay Company. She is ready
to adopt the acts of that corporation, for corpora-
tions are the favorite instruments of British aggres-
sion, and for the extension of her power. The
Hudson Bay Company, then, and the British Gov-
ernment, are, for all the purposes of this debate,
one and identical. They have monopolized the
trade of the country; they have subsidized the In-
dians; the half-breeds are under their control; they
have military possessions north of the Columbia
river, not only between the Columbia river and the
parallel of forty-nine degrees, which is the territory
actually in dispute., but they have brought down
their military posts to within thirty miles of the
southern boundary of the American claim in "Ore-
gon. Look at Fort Hall. It is directly on the
route of American emigration to Oregon; com-
manding that route; and from which (we have it
authentically) the British emissaries have, during
the last summer, met our emigrants, and have at-
tempted, and in many instances successfully at-
tempted, to divert them into California and that
direction, by false accounts of Indian hostilities on
the lower Columbia. Fort Hall is within thirty
miles of the southern boundary of Oregon. They
have thus not only got the whole of the territory
actually in dispute, but they have got military pos-
session of the whole of it; and if, in order to assert
our rights, we have got to tear down the cross of
St. George from thirty British forts, as the gentle-
man from South Carolina says, we had better be-
gin quick, or we will have double that number
soon; they have got the whole of them; we have
none there.
"But," say gentlemen, "all this will result in
war." War! By whom? By the United States ?
We begin no war; we declare no war; we propose
110 war; wc deprecate all war; but we assert our
rights—rights which we have demonstrated, so far
as diplomacy can do it. Great Britain has taken
military possession of the country, alike ojien to
us and to her; and if war come from the assertion
of our rights, we will not make it. I deny the po-
sition of the gentleman from South Carolina, that
the war—if war come—will be a war of aggression
on our part. It is not so. It would be a war of
aggression on her part; and on her would rest the
responsibility; upon her the judgment of God
ana the anathemas of the world.
What do gentlemen on the other side propose to
do ? The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.Wra-
Timor] lias hinted at arbitration. Very well; can-
not we arbitrate as well after the notice as before ?
But I, for one, do not propose to submit the ques-
tion to arbitration. Is it possible for a crowned
head to be impartial between a brother monarch on
the one hand and a Republic on the other? Doubt-
ful, sir. But suppose it possible; where will you
look for an impartial arbitrator ? Louis Philippe,
regardless of the sympathies of his people, and in-
tent only on the perpetuation of his dynasty on the
throne of France, is sacrificing the dignity of his
nation in the cultivation of a "cordial understand-
ing" with her ancient enemy,, for the purpose of
securing her influence in favor of that dynasty on
his own demise. Austria and Prussia, dreading the
ambition of France on the west, and the colossal
power of Russia on the north, are pursuing the same
policy; and Russia herself, having large territory on
the northwest coast of America, cannot be impar-
tial, for the reason that she must greatly prefer the
British fur-trader and the Boisbrule for her neigh-
bor, rather than the active, enterprising, indefatiga-
ble, and multiplying Yankee. The secondary Pow-
ers of Europe are but puppets in the hands of the
five great Powers; and the Republicsof Mexico and
South America are in convulsions. I know of no
arbiter, therefore, to which the adjustment of this
question could be safely committed. We once tried
this project of arbitration, sir, in the case of the
northeastern boundary; and the award of the King
of the Netherlands presented a decision so utterly
regardless of tieaty stipulations, and so absurd in
itself, as to be instantly rejected. We, sir, are our-
selves the best guardians of our own rights.
What de gentlemen expect? let me again ask. Do
you expect your Government will offer anything
more favorable than the parallel of 49°. Where is
the gentleman in this House that would get up and
say that he expects or wishes his Government to
offer anything more favorable than that ? There is
not one, I venture to say; not one. Is Great.Brit-
ain going to offer anything more favorable than she
has already done ? Is she going to offer anything
we can reasonably and consistently with our honor
accept? She never will da it, while, by the con-
