1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
tinuance of this convention, she gets all she asks:
never. Abrogate the convention; then, if she has
made up her mind—and she doubtless has long ago
made up her mind specifically what she is going to
do on this subject—abrogate the convention, and
then if she has made up her mind to offer such terms
as we can accept, she will do it, and do it at once.
But if not—if she has not made up her mind that
she will offer us anything- we can accept—give this
notice, abrogate this convention; and does it bring
war? No; the very worst it can do is to hasten a
little—and but very little—the war which must
come at all events. I repeat, if Great Britain has
made up her mind that she will not offer anything
we can accept, we having irrevocably made up our
minds (as we have) that we will not offer anything
better than 49°, the notice cannot produce war; the
wfcrst it can do is to hasten, and hasten a very lit-
tle, the war that is inevitable. So that, unless gen-
tlemen have made up their minds to back out of
our position, to offer something more favorable to
her than 49°, (when all feel that we have a better
title than she has to 54° 40',) we must meet the
question directly; and war, either directly or con-
sequentially, cannot be chargeable upon us—for it
must come at all events.
(< But," say gentlemen, u postpone it. We are
not ready now. Great Britain has fleets and ar-
maments.Well, fleets and armaments she al-
ways will have. We have no fleets and arma-
ments. Well; when have wc ever had fleets and
armaments before when war came? Is there any
gentleman upon this floor who dreams that we
ever shall be "ready for a vigorous prosecution of
war before it is upon us? If so, it strikes me that
he has studied with little attention the history of
the country on this point. We have heard gen-
tlemen talk of our " manifest destiny;" but it j
strikes me that our " manifest destiny" is never to
prepare for war till war comes. It arises from the
charactei of our institutions—from the character
and habits of our people, who are a ponce-loving
people and devoted to the industrious pursuit oif
the arts of peace. But a few days ago (here was
introduced from the Senate into this House a bill
to raise a company of one hundred men—of one
hundred sappers, miners, and pontoniers—with n
view to complete the mere skeleton organization of
our army, which proposed to create no additional
expense for our army; and yet 1 venture to say
that it will be opposed here, and perhaps success-
fully. The Committee on Military Affairs, of
which I have the honor to be a member, reported
a few days since a bill for the raising of two regi-
ments of riflemen, (not mounted;) and on all sides
of the House I heard the exclamation, " I go for
no such measure." That is the spirit that pre-
vails here. It always will prevail. You never
will prepare for war unless war is upon you; and
you may postpone it u from July to eternity," and
still war will find us unprepared. Shall we there-
fore surrender our rights? Shall wc therefore ex-
pect disaster and defeat' No. Wc may expe-
rience it at first; but the recuperative energies of
our people, animated l>y their undying love of
country, their attachment to its institutions, their
determination to maintain inviolate every foot of
our soil—having within them a burning hatred of
the tyrannies ot the Old World, from the galling
bonds of which their forefathers freed themselves—
will be sufficient to meet and to bear us triumph-
antly out of any emergencies. But that we shall
be technically prepared for war until war comes,
no man can believe. We shall therefore gain noth-
ing, in this respect, by postponement—nothing at
all. _ i
But, said the gentlemanfrom Virginia, [Mr. Hunt- i
ter,] before you think of war, you must think of j
tracking Great Britain with a stream of fire and i
blood around the world; you must meet her on ev- i
ery sea, and in all her possessions—all her colonies, {
from Aden to the Ionian Isles, from India to God j
knows where. We must exhaust and conquer i:
British power everywhere, befoie we can expect to |!
take or to keep either Oregon or Canada. Well,
now, I believe in no such doctrine as that. His-1;
tory teaches no sucli doctrine; it leads us to no ;i
such conclusion. Great Britain deprived Prance j!
of all her colonial possessions: she lefc Napoleon ;i
without a solitary colony on the face of the globe; i1
she confined him to the continent of Europe; and U
at that very time he rode triumphant and irresisti- |
ble over tHat continent, and trampled in the dust ;j
the subsidized allies of the imperial pirate. Why? '!
Because there were all his resources. Great Brit-
ain may keep her Chusan, her India, her Mediter*
ranean possessions; she may keep them all. Does
it follow that we cannot beat her on this continent?
It does not; for here are our resources, and hers
are distant.
st But," say gentlemen, " this battle for Oregon,
if it come at all, is to be fought in Canada." I be-
lieve it; and I am glad that Great Britain has, in
the present conjuncture, an assailable point here,
where we can reach her. And the gentleman takes
especial pains to arouse the jealousy of western
men by telling us that " we will get Canada, and
then Oregon must be given up." Now, does any
man suppose that the present Administration, or
that any Administration possible, holding Canada
as a conquered pledge, would give up Oregon? I
do not. I do not believe that there is a man in the
United States, capable of oeing elected President—
or of getting there either by 4' accident," as has
been said of one, or " by the grace of God"—who
would be either such a fool or such a knave. It is
impossible. Take Canada, and Oregon would fall
into our hands as a matter of course. But I do not
apprehend any difficulty of this kind. I believe
that Great Britain withholds an amicable settlement
i because she is satisfied with her present position.
I Abrogate the pre,sent convention; throw your laws
j over your citizens in that territory, and manifest a
| disposition to assertand maintain your rights there,
and then she will come up to the work of negotia-
tion and settlement in earnest. She is vulnerable,
and she knows it, as well as we. War would bring
her calamities as great as it would he to us, and
greater. We can live without her: she cannot
withoutus. Wconn do without her manufactures,
and have none of her raw material; she depends
upon our raw material for her manufactures; it is
j the very breath of her existence, and without it her
|: people would die from starvation. Where is our
'1 fear of \var? 1 have none; and yet I am no advo-
j rate for war. God knows, I appreciate its honois
! as keenly as any man that lives; for my very ear-
I Host recollections are of the scenes war brings—the
j (ears of the youm^- wife, of the mother, of the sis-
! ter; the partings u hirii break young hearts. These
j f remember, and £ have no wish, as God is my
jurjoe, to see them repeated. But yet, looking war
oalmjy in the faee, I say, " Be just and fear not."
1 know the consequences which may result, per-
haps, (only perhaps, sir)—I know, and I should
deprecate the consequences which may perhaps
result from the vigorous assertion of American
rights. War, if it should bo the result, would
bring with it the destruction of trade, heavy taxa-
tion, heavy losses, the necessity of personal ser-
vices. You and I, perhaps, might be called to
leave, the peaceful walks of civil life, and to parti-
cipate in tne hardships and the dangers of the camp
and of the tented field. What then? Are we Ame-
ricans ? Are we the descendants of men cotempo-
rary with the youth of the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts' oral ewe the cowardly, eia-
ven wretches, that would not dare to do what our
feeble colonies—altogether not equal in strength to
the single State of New York at this moment—did
to assort and maintain our rights? I think not.
That is not the spirit of the people I have the ho-
nor to represent. I have not them before me, but
I have in my room, resolutions deliberately adopt-
ed by a recent convention of that part of the peo-
! pie of Ohio with whom I act politically, declaring
1 the expectations they have of the action of their
! representatives here, for the vigorous maintenance
: of our rights to Oregon, and pledging " theirlives,
! their fortunes, ani their sacred honor" (such is the
' language used) to sustain them. Sir, we do not
: want war, but if we must have it, we would a
irreat deal rather fight Great Britain than some
1 other Powers, for-we do not love her. We hear
; much said about the ties of our common language,
of our common origin, and our common recollec-
: tions, binding us together. But I say we do not
i love Great Britain at all; at least my people do not,
i and I do not.
A " common language !" It has been made the
vehicle of an incessant torrent of abuse and mis-
representation of our men, our manners, and our
institutions; and even our women—it might be vul-
gar to designate our plebeian girls as ladies—have
not escaped it; and all this is popular, and is en-
couraged in high places. We have a u common
origin!" though, perhaps, numerically, one-half
of the people of this country are not English by
descent;but a" common origin" did not prevent
that infamous power from employing the savage
to tomahawk our old men, to scalp our women,
and to brain our infants, and from paying them for
these barbarous deeds and infernal trophies. The
British Government, (against the British people I
have no animosity,) I confess, I do not love; and
while, for the sake of the British people, and of my
own country, I would avoid war, yet, if war must
come, let her be our enemy by all means.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have been led off upon
these points, not because I conceive them to be
necessarily connected with the discussion, but be-
cause gentlemen upon the other side have lugged
them in, and attempted to frighten us from giving
this notice; and when I reply to them as 1 ha.ve
done—and in so doing, I speak, I am persuaded,
the sentiments of the people of Ohio—I do it to
show that no such considerations can move us, and
for no other purpose.
Mr. B. concluded by repeating, as he had stated
at the outset of his remarks, that he had risen for
the purpose of saying hut a few words. He was
not in the predicament of the gentleman from
Michigan, (Mr. Chipman,) who felt that the hour-
rule was an intellectual straight-jacket; and having
said all that now occurred to his mind, begging the
pardon of the House for having occupied so much
of its time, he would yield the floor to some of
those around him, who were so anxious to distin-
guish themselves in the I'ish\g en masse which was
sure to follow his conclusion.
Mr. WENTWORTH said it was easy for gen-
tlemen to rise on this floor and descant upon the
glories of war, or the blessings of peace. For one,
he had nothing to say upon either. He would
avoid the charge of bravado on one side, and timid-
ity on the other. The question of declaring war
was not before Congress; and we were at amity
with all the nations of the earth, and consequently
we had no peace to make. He had expressed his
views in relation to this mattei on several occasions
before this, and it was difficult to find a politician
who had not. For nearly thirty years the matter
has been in agitation; and during the whole time
the extrinsic considerations of peace or war had
been dragged in, and used to retard the assertion of
American rights. In all this controversy there
was but one question, and that was, " Is Oregon
ours ?" If it is, we but act the part of justice when
we claim our own; if it is not, then we should
make no pretensions adversely to the party justly
entitled to it. - If it is all ours, then we should
boldly, but respectfully, assert our rights to it all;
if not all ours, then we should only take what is
ours. This course would be alike honorable to us
as men, as Christians, and as a nation. There was
but one high-minded course to pursue, and that
was, to do right, and leave consequences to them-
selves, to be provided for as they arose.
Entertaining these views, he had resolved to
manifest his attachment to American rights by a
silent vote on this question at this session; and
should have done so, but for the allusion to him by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
in relation to the vote given by him, the present
Speaker, [Mr. Da\is,] and the present presiding
officer, [Mr. Tibbatts,] and about sixty other
Democrats, against inserting this notice with the
Oregon bill, and which no gentleman yet having
spofien had explained. He would here state, how-
ever, that the reason for his silence was that the
people were beginning to believe that this subject
was one that was forever to be talked about and
never to be acted upon. He was afraid that the
Oregon excitement was to be considered the Amer-
ican humbug, used to make Presidents and to get
men into Congress; but to go no further, because
there was " a lion in the path." As long ago as
he could remember, the politicians were talking,
and diplomatists negotiating, on this subject; and
the advances, if any, all the while, have been the
wrong way. As Texas (the twin measure with
this at the last session) was passed without dis-
cussion, he certainly hoped that Oregon would
have secured the same courtesy; and he was at
the commencement of this debate, as he now was,
ready and anxious to limit the debate to a single
day. Gentlemen were anxious to define their
positions, and therefore were delaying this meas-
ure for weeks, and perhaps for months, when they
could but know that their votes, ay or no, on the
auestion of this notice, and upon a bill extending
American jurisdiction to the Russian boundary,
