206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
would be the best definition that they could give.
Early action on this question, one way or the
other, was what the people expected, and what he
(Mr. W.) would labor to promote. As was said
in the ease of Texas, lie would reiterate, as equally
applicable to Oregon, the people have decided tlie
case at the polls after a full hearing of all the par-
ties, and it only remains for us to execute tneir
judgment.
One gentleman has proposed to take Oregon on
time. Well, sir, we haie been taking it on time,
or rather losing it 011 time, ever since 1818. When
we begun, we had twelve degrees and forty min-
utes of territory. WTe now have but seven. Great
Britain has about thirty forts there, and we have
none. Such has been the result of our workings
011 time. To give this notice, in the minds of
gentlemen, would be to declare war. To pass any
Oregon bill, or to send any troops there, without
the notice, would be to violate national faith.
Thus they place us in a dilemma, the direct and
sole tendency of which is to effect delay. Indeed,
they say, some day take Oregon, but not now—
foigetting that an independent people will never
think it too soon to assert their rights when they
find they have them. Every gentleman who has
spoken but one [Mr. Winthrop] has said that we
had a perfect title to all of Oregon; and that one
has said, that of the two, both being imperfect,
ours was the best. When tliey said that much,
they say enough to make any farther delay on
their part inexcusable. Having rights, the people
will demand their maintenance; and the more those
rights are endangered, and the greater the prospect
of losing them, the more clamorous will they be
for the most decisive action. Were our rights in
doubt, delay would be excused; but knowing lliem,
and openly avowing them, and yet bringing up the
fear of war, and setting forth the terrors of the
British force and British name as a reason for not
asserting them, is nothing more nor less than na-
tional cowardice.
When a party cannot carry its points in one way,
it is apt to try another; and I have noticed that the
Opposition here, when they cannot reach our bet-
ter judgments, from the weakness of their argu-
ments, always try to affect our nerves by their pan-
ics; and it is but natural for them to do so, since
they have failed in their trial of all other means.
But the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts
has told us that there would be no war; and he,
from his superior knowledge, age, and experience,
should bo good authority with them. So that it
need not operate on us. But war or 110 war, is not
the question, and it should not be considered for
one moment. Lot us take Oregon now, and look \
to war when it arises. It is not for us to fear it, I
when the people, who sent us here, and who will
have to lose their money and lives in consequence
of it, bid us onward in the execution of their own !
will.
When the admission of Texas was before us,
(a country to which we had acquired no right ex-
cept by the will of the occupants of the soil who
had revolted from their rightful Government,) the
question was not how shall we compromise this
difficulty with Mexico, how much of Texas shall
we have—but all said the whole or none; and we
took it all; and the story is, that we took more
than all, by running to the Rio del Norte, for the
sake of good boundary. This I sanctioned with
my vote ; and 1 now wish, and I call upon my
southern Texas friends to aid me, to let my patri-
otism have as full scope on our northern frontier
as it had on the South. If it was wrong to cede
away Texas in 1819, is it not equally so to cede
away any portion of Oregon now? And if we
have had such a struggle, as is too recent in our
experience to describe now, to re-annex that coun-
try against the will of the weak and distracted
Government of Mexico, what will be the mighty
struggle when the future inhabitants of surrender-
ed Oregon, groaning under British oppression,
shall demand this same just privilege? And such
a demand is sure to come. My doctrine is—" put
not off the evil day"—meet the crisis in the face-
do justice whilst it is in your power, and leave con-
sequences to consequences.
Mr. W. wanted to call the attention of the
House—and, indeed, that was the main object of
his rising—and more particularly of the new mem-
bers, to an explanation of the occurrence in the last
Congress, alluded to by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett.] Mr. W. said it was his
opinion, and that of a majority of the party with
which he had ever acted, that if the notice and the
Mil were sent to the Senate separately, one, if not
both, would pass. There were some Senators who
would vote for one and not the other. He was for
both, and wanted that course pursued that would
secure both. But if he could not have one, he
did not wish to prejudice the other. By looking
at the Journals, it will be seen that all who voted
against putting the notice in the bill were Demo-
crats. After the notice was in the bill, they how-
ever did not forsake the bill on that account. Now
look at those who voted against the bill on its final
passage. All their names are recorded ill favor of
inserting this notice. Several Democrats voted to
put the notice in the bill, because they did not wish
to be put in a false position at home, where the
circumstances could not be explained, but yet en-
tertaining serious doubts as to its propriety, for
fear of its endangering the passage ot the bill.
Here, then, are the facts: all those who went
against putting the notice in the bill, finally went
for it, whilst all those who finally went against the
bill, went for inserting the notice. The fears of its
friends were realized, and the bill was defeated m
the Senate.
Mr. HOLMES called Mr. W. to order.
Mr. W. sat down, and demanded the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN desired the gentleman from
South Carolina to state his point of order.
Mr. HOLMES slated, that it was out of order
to allude to the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN overruled him, and said the
gentleman was alluding to the Senate of the last
session.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that was the gentle-
man's point probably; "JJe mortuis nil nisi bo-
nam ?"
Mr. HOLMES. "Ml morlnis?"
Mr. WKMTYVORT11 would leave the Latin
with the gentleman, and go to Oregon again. Well,
sir, after passing this House by an overwhelming
majority, the bill wus lost in the Senate by two
votes only, and those two were the votes" from
South Carolina; and he presumed there was not a
gentleman in this House but believed that, if the
two measures had been kept separate, one or both
would have passed. On mature deliberation, be
was satisfied lie pursued the proper course in vo-
ting to keep the two measures separate. No man
who went with him regrets it, whilst there are
those who voted to unite them who would not do
so again if they had the matter to do over again.
Mr. W. alluded to the (act that the South and
West went together for Texas, and he hoped they
would go together for Oregon. The West certainly
so expected. If they did not go together there wus
a class of politicians who would make a great deal
of capital out of it. The non-slaveholding Demo-
crats had gone for Texas—Mr. W. among them.
He was sorry there were slaves there. But, not-
withstanding, he was glad he voted for it. Oregon
was free from slaves, and he loved it the more be-
cause it was so. Now, after annexing a foreign
slave community, what would be said of us if we
give up five degrees and forty minutes of a non-
slaveholding country, which every member who
bad spoken conceded to belong to us ? Already
have certain politicians and papers begun to pre-
dict the South, having used the West to get Texas,
would now abandon it, and go against Oregon.
Mr. YANCEY here inquired whether the gen-
tleman from Illinois meant to intimate that there
was any bargain between the South and West—
that* the South should vote for Qregon if the West
would vote for Texas ? He would ask him, as a
gentleman, to say whether he (Mr. Yancey) was
implicated in any such baigam ?
Mr. WENTWORTH replied that he had not
said that there was any such bargain. To do so
would only implicate himself as a party to it, after
having voted for Texas. He only alluded to the
course pursued by the opponents of the annexation
of Texas, to ruin politically every non-slavehold-
ing Democrat who had supported it.
TVIr. HOUSTOJN, of Alabama. If it will not
be too much trouble to the gentleman from Illinois,
I would thank him, when he speaks of " the
South," to define fully and precisely what he
means—where he locates it—what and who he in-
tends to include. But few Southern members had
as yet spoken upon this question, and certainly no
one was authorized to say what" the South" would
do in regard to it. Some votes from the South
will be cast in favor of the notice; and he would
therefore thank gentlemen to specify who and what
they mean when they may have occasion to speak
of the action of the South, or Southern members.
Mr. WENTWORTH had made no charge of
bargaining, nor charge of any kind. He would,
impeach acts, but never motives, leaving them to the
God of Heaven, who alone knew them. What he
had said was rather an exhortation to the South
than a charge upon it. He exhorted it to come
up and meet the Oregon question fully and frankly,
and so belie the charge that it would not as quick
extend the area of freedom on the North as the
South.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to explain.
[A voice. " Don't be interrupted. They will
consume your hour."]
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is no interruption.'
I have said all I wished; and if the gentlemen wish
to turn the remainder of the hour allotted to me
into an inquiry meeting, I am willing. I will hear
the gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. HOUSTON. What I did in relation to
the annexation of Texas I did for the question and
for the good of the country. What I may do in
relation to Oregon I will do in a like spirit, in-
fluenced by similar motives and considerations.
I then acted, and am now acting for the good of
the whole country, and no particular section or divi-
sion of it. I had then, ana will have now, nothing
to do with any compacts or understandings be-
tween sections of the country for the adoption of
any particular measures. I do not recognise the
Oregon as a western but as a national question,
involving alike the honor and the interests of the
whole country, and as such, am prepared to meet
and act upon it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think my remarks
are productive of good, and I would gladly hear
the whole South in the brief space remaining to
me, if possible. If the Southern Democrats now
went against Oregon, it might not injure them; but
it would seriously injure uieir Northern brethren
who had aided them in getting Texas, supposing
there was no doubt of their fidelity on the Oregon
question.
Mr. W. said the whole South, and more partic-
ularly South Carolina, prided itself on its consist-
ency. He now wished to call the attention of his
Southern fViends to one fact, and he was willing
to yield the floor for an explanation. By looking
at the bill that passed the House at the last session
of Congress, it will be seen that it extended our
jurisdiction to fifty-four degrees and forty minutes,
and had this notice in besides. Now, how could
a Southern man preserve his prided consistency
by going for forty-nine degrees, and against the
notice, after having voted for that bill? What has
occurred to lessen our title since, whilst we have
had the masterly and irrefutable argument of the
Secretary of State to strengthen it?
Mr. R. CHAPMAN, to whom Mr. Went-
woirrh yielded the floor for explanation, said, that
he had often, during this debate, heard the charge
intimated of a bargain between the South and the
West; that the South was to go for the whole of
Oregon now, because the West went for Texas.
He had not considered this imputation heretofore
worthy of notice; but as others had considered the
charge worthy of explanation, he considered it
due to himself to say that he never heard of such
an understanding or bargain. He certainly had
no part in such an understanding. He opposed
all such, and would now denounce it as corrupt,
if he believed any such existed; but this he could
not believe for a moment. Mr. C. said, that so
far from having had anything to do with such an
agreement, he had (almost alone of his party) voted
at the last session, not only against the notice, but
the bill that passed this House. He voted against
it mainly on account of the notice, though there
were other provisions very objectionable. Mr. C.
said that lie hoped this disclaimer would, in fu-
ture, acquit him from such a charge. As one of
the friends of Texas, he felt it his duty to protest
against such an imputation. Ithad not been made
against him on account of his vote last year, nor
would he subject himself to such an imputation by
any vote he might give on the question now under
consideration.
Mr. WENTWORTH knew well the course of
the gentleman from Alabama. H.e was one of the
very few southern democrats who voted
