1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
the bill- of the last session. It was to others that
he spoke. He wanted those who voted for the
bill of last session to be consistent, and demand
now all they did then. He did not want to have
it said that, upon the question of adding territory
to the South, they were the most ultra democrats
and real propagandists; whilst, when you only ask-
ed them to claim our own on the North, even John
Q.uincy Adams, with all the charges of federalism
against him, was more of a democrat than they.
He had made no charge of a violated bargain, for
he knew of none. What he had said was to make
the South consistent with itself, and not to furnish
arguments to northern abolitionistSj with which
they might injure its northern allies m the glorious
acquisition of Texas. If there was any censure
in this matter, it was not for him or any member
on this floor to inflict it, but it was for gentlemen
to censure themselves by their own votes when the
day of trial comes, if ever it does, and the pros-
pect for it seems rather poor now.
Mr. W. differed with some members as to the
result of a war, if one should come. He thought
the Canadians would be the principal sufferers; but
he would not allude to this subject. He had no
right to anticipate a war whilst w'c were 111 the dis-
charge of our rightful duties. The goddess of Jus-
tice is represented as being blind. She is just, and
fears not. She can see no British lion, nor Biitish
bayonets, nor British war-steamers. Her decrees
go forth, affect whom they will; weakness and
strength are alike to her. And we should consider
ourselves as sworn jurors, to try the claims of our
country to Oregon, and should be blind to all the
consequences of our verdict, provided that it is
only a just one. Knowing our rights, which all
here admit to be unquestionable, wc would dare
maintain tlievn.
After Mr. Wentwortii had yielded the door,
it was obtained by Mr. Chipman, of Michigan.
There were some cries of" rise, rise."
Mr. CHIPMAN said he would go on, if it was
the pleasure of the Committee; and, if not, he
would not persist in addressing i(.
The motion for the committee to rise not being
insisted upon—
Mr. C. said his locality in the House was well
known everywhere; but the shrill clarion of war
had amused oven the occupants of Sleepy Hollow.
He had been slow to speak on a question of such
importance, and he had deeply and seriously medi-
tated upon it. It was true that he had a reputation
to win here, and none to lose in his representative
capacity, Days and weeks he had employed in
contemplating the character of the question which
now absorbed the attention of the American people,
and he viewed it as a struggle between a free people
and those institutions which had, in other nations,
ground the people in the dust. If a conflict was
to take place between republican and monarchical
systems, he would be glad to see it in his day. In
rising at this late hour, he felt that he could not
permit that the views and feelings of the people of
the Peninsula State on this subject should remain
unrepresented. He felt embarrassed, he must con-
fess, while he attempted to discharge this duty;
for he was in the situation of the poor beggar girl,
whom he had seen sitting and weeping oh the cold
pavement in the streets of New York, who, being
asked what was the matter, replied, that another
beggar girl had stolen her story. Those who had
preceded him in the discussion had anticipated
many of the views that he would have expressed.
Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. C.,) this is not a tri-
fling question. War has come floating on the
breeze among the busy and patriotic people of
Michigan, and his immediate constituents would
expect him to say something here in defence of
their honor and interests under these circumstances.
He had ever deprecated any epithets which con-
tradistinguished one portion of the people from
another—the South from the North—for they
tended to create heartburning and jealousy; and if
our Union should ever be destroyed, it would be
from that cause.
There were some here who had avowed a deter-
mination to go for Oregon, though hitherto hostile
to it, merely because Texas had been brought into
the Union, bringing with it, as it was alleged, moral
death. These men would go for Oregon out of
malice against the South, even though it would
apply no remedy to what they deemed to be the
festering disease of the Republic. Those who en-
tertained such views, and pursued such a course,
must have hearts as cold as the icy regions from
which they sprung. He was opposed to any dis-
criminating epithets, as applied to different sections
of the Union. He was himself partly of the north
and partly of the south of Mason and Dixon's
line. He was born in the cold climate of Yermont,
and at an early age became acclimated in the sunny
South, where the best lessons of his heart had been
learned. He had therefore come to the conclusion
that this Union should be one or nothing.
Gentlemen from the South, he would remark,
had advised us to be cool and dispassionate, and
beware how we gave occasion to Great Britain to
declare war against us. They ask us to postpone
and procrastinate, and not to be in haste to give
this notice of the termination of the convention
with Great Britain. It had been justly remarked
in this debate that procrastination was the thief not
only of time, but of national honor. We had been
advised to pursue the course that was recommend-
ed some years ago by a venerable personage in Ver-
mont—yes, he was compelled again to speak of
Vermont, for he held it in high respect, and was
glad that he was born in a State whose valor and
genius had been so justjy renowned, notwithstand-
ing the influence of'a false system of education, as
to which he would speak further presently. But
among the early pioneers of Vermont was one
who,"in counselling upon an important subject
with the sages of the day, gave the same advice
that the South now gave to us. It was, that they
should pursue '• a middle extreme," and " in shun-
ning Hella, take care not to fall into Tartarabo-
gus!" This advice to take care not to lose Ore-
gon, and yet not to provoke a war, was the "middle
extreme held up for our adoption. But was this
a question of peace or Avar? Let us examine it
carefully, and see.
The question of title he would not discuss. That
matter had been clearly set forth by othcis, and 111
a most able manner. Indeed, there wax no neces-
sity of wasting words upon a self-evident proposi-
tion. Why, then, should we dread a war for
taking a course that we know to be right? In the
Texas affair we acted without reference to the ap-
prehension of a war; there was a " middle ex-
treme" recommended to us in that case; but a story
had been brought to our recollection by a gentle-
man from South Carolina in illustration of the
views of the South on this subject. The shepherd
took his rifle and went out to shoot the wolf which
was depradating 011 his fold; but this was a diflcr-
ent tiling, as the gentleman showed, from going
out to shoot the British lion. Yes, it was evidently
the fear of the lion that had such influence upon
this question, and which caused hesitation as to
giving this notice. The question of title, as he had
said, was settled. We were convinced on all sides
of the validity of our title to the whole of Oregon.
If there was no question as to our title, then arose
the question, what course was to be pursued by us
to obtain possession of Oregon ? There was but
one course for the patriot to pursue, according to
his opinion, and that was, to assert our title to the
territory. Here he would remark- that, if he had
ever entertained any prejudices against the venera-
ble gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
—and he admitted that he had some—when that
gentleman rose here, with the snows of age on his
head, and the fire of American patriotism in his
heart—when, having nothing to gain, and every-
thing to loose—standing but a few steps from the
grave,—when that venerable gentleman, he said,
came forward to pledge bis life and fortune in
support, of the honor of his country, he eould no
i longer entertain any prejudices against him. As
1 an American, he could riot stand here and indulge
ill any feelings of bitterness against any one who
came forward to sustain the honor and interest of
the nation at such a crisis. Henceforth there
could not be any dispute about the title; and that
being the case, why should not the notice be given
immediately?
He thanked the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] for that part of his speech which
gave a history of the convention with Great Brit-
am relating to the Northwest coast. The gentle-
man was, in fact, a living record of his country's
history. That gentleman had told us that what we
had so long considered as a treaty of joint occu-
pancy, was not so in point of fact; that it was a
mere commercial treaty. Now, he submitted
whether a mere convention of commercial inter-
course would touch the title to ths territory ? "We
have a right to take possession of the territory,
notice or no notice, and to extend our laws and ju-
risdiction over it. No commercial treaty can affect
the right to the soil." If it did, then we would now-
own one-half of Newfoundland; for, by treaty with
Great Britain, they gave us a joint right to fish
there. But, suppose we should set up a title to
half of Newfoundland, on the pretence that we ac-
quired it by this treaty which gave us a privilege
to fish on its banks, would it not be deemed absurd
by all the world ? He did not belong to a .war
party but to a peace party; but he must be allowed
to say that he was not in favor of such a treaty as
that which had dismembered the State of Majne,
and dishonored the nation. We did not need any
more diplomacy in this matter—no further negotia-
tion nor arbitration.
Suppose a neighbor were to meet me in the
street, and say, oblige me by taking off your coat
and laying it down. If I submit to that, he would
want my other garments; and when I was stripped,
my neighbor should propose an arbitration. 1
would not submit to it, whether there are any oil
this floor who would or not. If, because I would
not arbitrate, my neighbor should propose to whip
me, this would be a parallel case to the one before
us.
There were other reasons why he would not ne-
gotiate longer. Great Britain had no claim to the
territory. There was still another reason, which
was found, not in Adam's will, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] had sug-
gested, but in the will of Providence, and in the
destiny of this country, which had directed that
the whole territory from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and from the Frozen ocean to the Isthmus of Pan-
! aniaorthe Straits of Magellan, if gentlemen pleas-
j ed,should belong to a free people. It was destined
| that this country should belong to one people and
I be under one government, and that they should
i exercise junsdie.tion over the whole continent,
j Looking through the vista of coming years, and
| reflecting what we weie fifty years ago, and what
i we aie now—reflecting that from three millions wo
| had increased to twenty millions, we could not re-
sist the conclusion that Yankee enterprise and vigor
—he used (he term Yankee in reieience to the
whole country—were destined to spread our pos-
sessions and institutions over the whole continent.
Could any act of the Government prevent this?
lie must be allowed to say that wherever the Yan-
kee slept for a night, there he would rule. What
part of the globe had not been a witness of their
moral power, and to the light reflected from their
free institutions ? Their progress could not be any-
where resisted. This continent will he our own;
and gentlemen may say it is by manifest destiny,
or by Adam's will, or by whatever else they will.
That destiny was found written 111 every page of
our history. But the, gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Winthrop] had enlarged upon the bless-
ings of peace and the dangers of war. He put the
commercial interests in one scale, and the honor
of the country in the other, and the latter kicked
the beam.
Now, he (Mr C.) lived on the frontier too. He
remembered when Detroit was sacked. Then we
had a Hull in Michigan; but now, thank God, we
had a Lewis Cass, who would protect the border
if war should come, which, in his opinion, would
not come.
There were millions on the lake frontier who
would, ill case of a war, rush over into Canada—
the vulnerable point that was exposed to us. He
would pledge himself that, upon a contract with
the Government, Michigan alone would take Can-
ada in ninety days: and if that would not do, they
would give it up, and take it in ninety days again.
The Government of the United States had only to
give the frontier people leave to take Canada.
Owing to a very absurd and impolitic treaty that
we had made with Great Britain, we were not now
allowed to have a vessel on the lakes—he must not
call them "inland seas"—carrying more than one
gun. This was a specimen of British diplomacy.
The advantage of the agreement was on her side
altogether. Great Britain kept up a standing army,
and possessed an immense collection of materials
for ship-building; and she could at any moment
launch any number of vessels and guns upon the
lakes, to meet what?—our vessels with a single
pop-gun on board 1 We could not always be pre-
pared for war, for it was a violation of our princi-
■ pies to sustain a large standing army.
