208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15.
The charge (said Mr. C.) that we are advo-
cates of a war comes with au ill grace ft om the
other side. We did not yield Texas to her denun-
ciations, when the South wanted that addition to
her territory, and we are now ready to teach her
that the line of 54° 40' shall he the boundary of her
rule and her rapacity. We are, in fact, the peace
party, because we are disposed to meet this ques-
tion on the threshold, and to meet our enemy,
though he be armed to the teeth. This is the best
way to avoid a war : to take the matter in time.
The horrors of war had been so strongly depicted
by the eloquent gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Yancey,] that he had almost melted the heart of
one of the war-party. The gentleman had point-
ed to what peace had done for us in the last thirty
years. He had told us of the progress we had
made in science. We had not stopped, he said,
with the discoveries of Franklin, but had gone on,
and made the red artillery of heaven subservient
to the uses of life. Steam, too, had annihilated
space. And we are asked now to be content, and
do nothing.
But should we crouch to the British lion because
we had been thus prosperous? He remembered
the time when education, the piide of modern
Whigs, was made the moans of opposition to the
Democracy. He recollected the long agony that
it cost him to relieve his mind from Federal thral-
dom. Education was an instrument to ridicule
and put down Democracy.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,]
having contrasted the navy of Great Britain with
that of the United States, brought to lus recollec-
tion a chapter in that Vermont education, to which
he had heretofore alluded, as making modern
Whigs. In the last war, this doggrel was sung
around the domestic altar :
" dry, in the cornfield stood,
Gun-boat, No. 1,
Wi^-wag went her tail,
Pop, went lier gun."
Also this :
" James Madison my Jo, Jim,
1 wonder what you mean,
You proelamate m chair of State,
A vision or a dream."
What was the education of the Whigs? He
did not wish to do any injustice to Vermont; he
alluded to that spirit of hostility to republicanism
which was manifested at the Hartford Convention.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wjn-
throp] had referred to a lemark which illustrated
his (Mr. C.'s) views of a false education and ils
results. Speaking of submitting a question to the
common sense of the people, it had been said, " I
will leave it to their nonsense, and beat you ten to
one." That was the sort of education against
which he protested. It assumed that the people
were not capable of self-government; it revived the
stale charge that the people were their own worst
enemies. If he had had the opportunity, at the
proper time, to repel that charge, he would have
done it in the most caustic manner that the Eng-
lish language afforded him.
Shall we (said Mr. C.) take peace as the price
of conceding our rights ? I appeal to high Heaven
that, if a Eritish fleet were anchored oft' here in the
Potomac, and demanded of us one inch of terri-
tory, or one pebble that was smoothed by the
Pacific wave into a child's toy, upon penalty of an
instant bombardment, I would say, fire 1
The gentleman from Massachusetts, to whom
he had before referred, said that peace was honor.
Well, peace was honorable, if honorably won.
But not so, if otherwise. If we yielded Oregon to
the forty-ninth, we should soon be called upon
to yield the other half. If Great Britain went to
war for Oregon, how long would it be before her
starving millions would rise in infuriated masses
and overwhelm their bloated aristocracy? We
were no feeble power. We had proved in the
war of the Revolution, and the late war not with-
standing our want of preparation, that we were
equal to the contest. We had no navy during the
Revolution; but we appealed to the God of battles,
and Heaven blessed us with victory. The last war,
too, which was so glorious, was resisted on every
ground. It was said then that we were unprepared,
and that it was absurd to go to war for the assertion
of the rights of a few hundred poor sailors, whose
home was everywhere and nowhere. He had never
oo'stioned the magnanimity of the South nor
that of any gentleman from the South, and he would
allow no one to question his. Every man must
meet the question m such manner as his conscience
shall dictate to him, and give an honest and honor-
able vote. There was no danger that Oregon would
be lost to us by giving this notice. Whether we
gave it or not, the people from the western frontier
fetates would rush into it. Would Oregon be lost
by a war? No. Gentlemen seud that ft would be
a war to tire death. Was it so in 1812? We should
learn wisdom from the past, and act without regard
to hazard, when we have once found what is our
duty. Oregon must and would be ours. He con-
tended, however, that the notice was not a war
measure, and that it would not be so considered by
Great Britain, unless she was disposed to make it
a mere pretext. Mr. C. said that he had alluded
to some remarks that he had made on a former oc-
casion in reference to the State of Vermont; and,
in closing, he wished to balance the account with
that State—if he owed her anything—and to ex-
press his opinion of the military prowess of Ameri-
can citizen soldiers. He would say, then, if war
should come—
Hurrah for Vermont! for the land which we till
Will have some to defend her, from valley Mid Hill,
Leave the harvest to rot on the field which it yrowri,
And the reaping of wheat for the reaping of foes.
Come Mexico, England—come tyrant, come knave,
If you rule o'er our land, ye shall rule o'er our grave;
Our vow is recorded—our banner unhirlcd;
In the name of Vermont, we defy all the- world.
Mr. COCKE obtained the floor, and, on his mo-
tion, the committee rose.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMLIN, chairman of the Committee on
Elections, rose and gave notice that he would, on
Friday morning, call up the report in relation to
this contested election.
He also stated that the printed report in the case
had been in the document-room for two days. He
suited this, as lie did not know whether members
might have noticed them.
Mr. HUNT, of Michigan, gave notice of a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote of yesterday on the re-
solution (as the reporter understood) of Mr C. J.
Ingersoli,, calling for information in relation to a
Constitutional Treasury.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct "An act to continue
the ofliec of Commissioner of Pensions, "and "An
act for the relief of James Bogardus."
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 15, 1846.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of the Navy, accom-
panying an abstract of the contingent expenses of
that department during the year 1845.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BARROW presented fhe petition of Benja-
min Ballard, praying the confirmation of his title
to certain lands in the State of Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY presented further documentary
evidence in relation to the claim of Peter Ingles for
a pension; which, together with the papers former-
ly presented on the subject, were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
NEW TORXi PILOTS.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial in behalf of the
marine insurance companies of New York, being
a remonstrance against a petition presented by the
New York pilots for a repeal of certain pilot laws;
which, on motion of Mr. D., was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the petition of the pilots was pre-
viously referred.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that, on the 14th
instant, he signed the bill to continue the office of
Commissioner of Pensions; also, an act for the re-
lief of James Bogardus.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked, ob-
tained leave, and introduced " A bill granting to
' the State of Illinois certain alternate sections of
« the public lands to aid in the construction of the
' Northern Cross "and Central railroads in that
' State;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, pursuant to no-
tice, asked, obtained leave, and introduced " A bill
' to provide for the payment of the evidences of
'public debt in certain cases;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the subject of
publishing certain Indian histories, reported the
following resolution; which was ordered to be
printed;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War prepare, or
cause to be prepared under his direction, a state-
ment exhibiting a true history of the relations be-
tween the United States and the several Indian
tribes or nations, from the revolutionary war down
to the extinction of the Indian title eastward of the
Mississippi river; also a statement, in tabular form,
of all the sums paid to different Indian tribes for
the purchases of their lands, designating each tribe,
the date of purchase, amount of land ceded or pur-
chased, the annuities given to each tribe, the du-
ration of such annuities, the amount held in trust
by the United States Government for any of such
tribes, how much thereof has been invested in
stocks, and the authority for investing the same,
and the number of persons in each tribe among
whom such sums or annuities were or are divided.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of James
Morgan, of Virginia, for a pension, made an ad-
verse report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Pike, widow of the late General Pike, asking com-
pensation for the public services of her deceased
husband, presented a report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for her relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution in favor of relieving David Shaw
and Solomon T. Corser, reported the same, with
amendments.
Mr. PENNYBACKER moved that the vacancy
in the Committee on Claims, caused by the with-
drawal of Mr. Turney, be now filled by the Chair;
which motion was agreed to, and
The CHAIR reappointed Mr. Turkey, he hav-
ing consented to serve.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
resolution reported yesterday by Mr. Speight, in
relation to the inundated lands on the banks of the
Mississippi, was taken up for action; when Mr. J.
moved that it be amended to read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Trcasury be
directed to cause an examination to be madeof the
public lands subject to the overflow of the Missis-
sippi river, between Memphis and Vicksburg, in
the State of Mississippi, and those lands subject to
inundation on the west side of the Mississippi river,
in the State of Louisiana, from the upper limits of
the State to the mouth of the Red river, with an
estimate of the probable amount required to pro-
tect them from such overflow, and the quantity of
lands which will thereby become saleable; and re-
port a plan for such protection, if practicable, at
the present session of Congress, or at an early day
of the next session.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
moving the restriction on the sale of certain lands
in the State of Arkansas, supposed to contain lead
ore.
Mr. A. also submitted the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Resolved, That so much of the Message of the
President of the United States as relates to the
Judiciary of the "United States, be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
