1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
ling to "bide her time;" and if this is left an open
question, some lucky moment may be seized upon
to induce us to conscul to the independence of
Oregon.
As regards' the inhabitants of that territory, in-
dependence is certainly more desirable than any
connexion with England; but in relation to us, for
all practical purposes, I had almost as soon see
Oregon belonging to England as to see her inde-
pendent. AH the advantages of the China trade
would be lost to us forever. For these reasons, I
believe that a delay will be fatal to our rights in
Oregon, and will give Great Britain all that she
desires.
If the view that I have taken be correct, will
England find any just cause of war in this notice,
or m our taking possession of the whole country ?
I think not. England had a much stronger inter-
est in maintaining the independence of Texas than
she has for that of Ore<>on, and ftilly as much
right; and yet she neither made war upon us for
this wholesale annexation of Texas, and I have
no doubt that she prevented Mexico from decla-
ring war ; for she knows full well that with the
United States that ki Ic. jeu 11c twiit pas la chmdelle."
War with the Chinese, where the loser pays all
expenses, is a different, thing from a war with the
United States, ^'hen all that she could gain would
not pay for the ammunition that it cost; and my
life upon it, Mr Chairman, England is not going
to have a war with the United Stales for the sake
of the Hudson Bay Company, or for a fur trade
that is said to be diminishing in value very ra-
pidly.
But if the President should be mistaken, and the
venerable statesman over the way, and the chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and all
of us who are in favor of this notice, it ou^ht not
to affect the action of this House upon these icso-
Iutions. There was a time when it became our
duty to pause and reflect upon the consequences
of any particular measure, (where principle was
not involved,) and the sternest statesman might
Avell ask, what wouhl England or Eianee say upon
this mibjort? Happily that time lias Nino- muicu
parsed, and our nffiirs arc administered without
the h n >t reference to (he opinions of any nahon \
on the globe—peaceably, but iirnily pursuing such i
a course as in our best judgment is calculated to !
secure liberty and lite pursuit of happiness; and
whatever others may think, I have yet to learn
one single act connected with our foreign policy
that I would wish undone; and, as a proof of the
integrity of our course, while we exacted and re-
ceived compensation for injustice from the, hands
of nearly every foreign government, I believe the
first claim has yet to be made against tins Govern-
ment for any injustice done to the weakest or the
strongest power." Acts of individual wrong there
may have been; but I cannot recollect one single
net "of our Government for which we have been
called upon to make reparation.
As an American, as a citizen of the world, it is
a source of the most sincere satisfaction, and mom
than all things else makes mc admire the wisdom
of our forefathers, who transmitted this rich herit-
age, ond when rightly and universally understood,
will do more in favor of republican institutions
than all the disquisitions of essayists that have
ever been written on the science of government.
This fact is worth more than all the theory upon
the subject for t\vro thousand years.
What reasons have been given to induce the be-
lief th.it the passage of these resolutions will pre-
cipitate a war > It resolves itself dimply uito an
expression of opinion. It was one of the happiest
of'Sir Boyle Roach's bulls, when he said " the best
wmj to avoid danger wis to nuet if phimp hi the
facc." Every man on this floor has found or will
find it so in private life, and it is equally true in
relation to nations. Having no aristocracy to sup-
port, or favoftte family to keep in the ascendant,
the world has become satisfied that individually
and collectively the American people, upon the
slightest encroachment on their rights, would al-
most as soon fight as not. That idea has kept
them from many a collision. I recollect when Gen-
eral Jackson informed the French Government that
if they did not pay the money they owed us he
would cause himself to be paid in a summary man-
ner, war was considered inevitable. We were no
more prepared then than now; but the French
Government saw that the people were ready to
support the President, the money was promptly
paid, and the harmony of the two nations re-
mained undisturbed.
For these reasons, and others which have been
adduced by the friends of this measure, which I
will not trespass on the attention of the committee to
recapitulate, [ shall vote for the passage of these
resolutions; not because I am in favor of a war,
but because I believe that we are strictly within
the stipulations of the treaty; because I hold it to
be the most certain means of getting Oregon; be-
cause I believe this Administration is pledged to
use as effectual means to obtain Oregon as they did
| to obtain Texas; because I do not indulge for a
1 moment the idea that their passage can involve this
! country in a war; and because 1 cannot see the ne-
' cessity of a different course where England is con-
! cernedfrom that pursued in relation to Mexico.
Before I could consent to sanction by my vote
any policy which might be interpreted into a fal-
tering hesitancy, I must be entirely satisfied that
there is not substantial danger of losing Oregon
and involving my country in a war; I must have
"confirmation strong as proofs of Holy Writ."
Make me to see it, oi so prove it that the proba-
tion bears no hinge-loop to hang a doubt upon,'5
or I will none of it.
There i<j one thing that cannot fail to gratify
every true American heart, which this discussion
has elicited, and which even more than theTexian
question, shows tins to be purely a national one.
The advocates of this measure are not confined to
the supporters of the .AdmimsUvtion; nor are they
influenced by sectional feelings in the views which
they take of this- gie.it coniincnful (^asHon. Whh>s
i and Democrats iV-no the iXoith, the South, the
I East, and the West, brue boned their pitiful party
j amnios!iit."-* and local j<'ouster, and only vie with
each other as 10 the mot'l efii< if nt manner in which
they will support an A mo lean President m Ins
: manly and patiiotic attempt to settle this American
i (juestioj);and if, n||he mannei of acquiring Oregon,
| we, differ, it only proves the freedom and indepen-
i donee that characterize an American staresman and
a republican ('iiii«irss. Eel us not degrade the dig-
nity of the, snbje< ?, by hnroorin^ for an instant the
ide.i that IVeMdcnt-niokii)^, or polities! capital, in-
fluences the ar! ion or f he \ ote of a solitary member
on this flooi; and \\ hatcver plan shall be finally de-
termined upon, and should a collision with any
foreign country unfortunately ensue, let this senti-
ment meet a unanimous response from every mem-
ber of this Congress, and the people from the St,
Lawrence to the Rio Grande will re-echo it back :
" Our country—our whole country—right or
wrong."
Mr. DOBBIN addressed the committee. He did
not, he said, consider that he was bound by the
hour-rule to make an hour speech, and, therefore,
if he were allowed a few moments, he would re-
linquish the floor to others.
Mr. i). did not, he said, entertain the hope that
he would be able to enlighten the House on this
subject, after all the display of ability and eloquence
in this discussion, but such was the magnitude of
the question, and such its univcisal interest,that he
felt constrained to give his opinion in regard to it.
He was gratified to Jind that the crisis was met in a
proper spirit; that all sectional and party spirit was
discarded; and that members had come here from
every portion of the country with an American
spirit, without regard to party lines. Much had
been said in regard to a war party and a peace
party. He was from North Carolina, and was of
a peace party; but still he would go for the notice
to Great Britain of the termination of the conven-
tion. Good policy and justicc required that the
notice should be given, and by giving it now, wc
should best promote t^he peace of the country. He
believed that those who opposed this measure were
pin suing a policy that would piunge this country
into a war. The measure now proposed was more
peaceful, more open and honorable, and more con-
formable with the existing convention, than the
policy recommended on the other side.
But he was charged with being of the war party.
Let us see which is the war party. I (said Mr.
D.) am for the notice. On the other side, inactiv-
ity was recommended. He was himself, for a
time, favorable to that inactivity. But that time
had passed. At the present time it would be seen
that all were in favor of action. Inactivity was no
longer deemed masterly or expedient by either
side. Both parties now preferred action. Their
inactivity professed peace, but led to wctr; and it
was deceptive on its very face. What was the
policy recommended to us by the gentleman from
Virginia on his right ? It was, to press our settle-
ments hi Oregon; to obtain the possession of the
country through them; to send our people to Ore-
gon with their axes and rifles as settlers. Was
this peace? These settlers, we were told, would
! soon press beyond the Columbia, though' at first
confined to its south side; and that, in a few years,
they would acquire the country for us. They were
to go there with their axes, but they were to carry
rifles too. Presently they w"ere to drop the axe,
and we were to hear the crack of the rifle. First
it was to be heard on the south side of the Colum-
bia, but soon on the north side. As one gentleman
had stated in debate, we might soon have a hun-
dred thousand settlers in Oregon ; and among them
there would be twenty thousand good rifles. If
peace was intended, why should not the instru-
ments of peace be, used ?
But no; the rifle was the instrument that was to
establish our settlers m Oregon, both on the south
and the north side of the Columbia. Was this
war, or peace? What would the Hudson Bay
Company say to it? What would the world say?
They would say that the United States Govern-
ment told us that they were going to Oregon to set-
tle the south side of the Columbia, but they settled
the north side; they said they would carry the
axe, but they carried the rifle too. Would this
be viewed as a peace measure.'' It was not peace
at all. All the world would say that it was an art-
ful scheme to get possession of Oregon.
Suppose (said Mr. D.) the British statesmen
were assembled m solemn council on this subject,
and it should he made known to them what our
policy was; would it not be said to them: do not
be lulled to sleep—look out—the Americans have
gone to Oregon with axes, but with rifles too—it is
but a semblance of peace that they offer you?
What would be their decision? Would they not
say, we thought the Americans a proud people—
we thought that they would give notice when they
wanted this tcrritoiy? What would be the next
thing ? The cross of St. George would be floating
on one side, and the stars and stripes on tbeothe..
ihifuh soldiers would he, arrayed on one side with
then* bayonets, and American settlers on the other,
with their axes and rifles. Bickerings and jealous-
ies would ensue, and then collisions; at length,
the noise of the skirmishes wrould come across the
mountains and inflame the western people; and, at
the same time, it would cross the Atlantic and pro-
duce the same irritation there. The circle of com-
motion would increase, tin til it had spread far
enough to include both countriesMn open, flagrant,
general war.
Had it not been shown that this was not a treaty
of joint occupation, but of trade, commerce, navi-
gation, and settlement? Then the proposition of
the exclusive advocates of peace was not conform-
able with the treaty. We could not undertake to
colonize the country, if the treaty did not allow of
joint occupation. AVe might have it for the pur-
poses of trade, but not for the purpose of taking it
away from Great Britain through the medium of
an armed occupation. The project was, therefoie,
a violation of the spirit of the treaty. Were we
to stepl into the temtory, or seize it like men ? To
send over men to take it under pretences of peace
was unbecoming a people of proud and determined
spirit. The eloquent gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bjbdinger,] who had last spoken, had both
pleased and pained him with his remarks. He had
listened to him with deep interest. The gentleman
had wished that time should settle the question.
John Bull was growing old, and his hair was be-
coming gray. He would soon be in such a situa-
tion that he could be easily overcome. Would
any one, in private life, ever resort to such an argu-
ment? Would any one wait till an enemy had Tie-
come superannuated before he demanded redress
from him? Would it be the course of honor to
wait till the adversary was in his dotage, and then
take the old man and gouge him? That was not
the case in the revolutionary conflict. When Great
Britain was oppressing us, was it proposed by
Washington and Hamilton to wait till the oppres-
sor had Secome old and decrepid before we asserted
our rights ? When they felt that their rights were
violated, they subjected their cause to the test of
war—holding to the injunction, "Be just and fear
not."
Suppose it had been said on the occurrence of
