1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
night, he should call it up to-morrow. If the gen-
tleman did not return in all this week, the commit-
tee had come to the conclusion that no additional
delay should take place'beyond that time, whether
the gentleman returned or not. And, in either
event, he (Mr. H.) should call up the report on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER was about to proceed to call
the committees for reports, when
Mr. MCDOWELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
A strong desire was manifested in all parts of
the House that the committees should be called.
And the question being taken on the motion of
Mr. McDowell, it was rejected.
Whereupon, the SPEAKER proceeded to call
the committees in their order.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending on the 30th June, 18*17; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
PRIVATE.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee on Claim*,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Mary
Bower; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. DARGAN, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of Alborne Allen, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
read, and committed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of William D. Aug-
ment; which report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McOT.ERNAN I),
Ordered, That the Committee on the Public,
Lands bo discharged from the consideration of tin:
memorial from citizens of New Voik, in favor of
making the public lands free to actual settlers, and
that it be committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. A. D. SIMS, from the Committee fbi the
District of Columbia, made a repot t upon the case
of ,T. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
read, and committed.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to settle the title to the
Pea Patch island, in the river Delaware, accompa-
nied by a report in writing; which bill was read
twice, and (after an ineffectual effort by Mr. .T. K.
INGERSOLL to have it put on its third reading)
was committed.
DISTRICT OP ALABAMA.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to regu-
late writs of error, and appeals from the district
court of the United States for the middle district of
Alabama, reported the same without amendment,
accompanied by a report in writing.
Ordered, That the said bill be engrossed, and
read a third time to-day.
The said bill, being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill author-
king the payment to the judges of district courts
for the eastern and western districts of Pennsyl-
vania, and the district of New Jersey, the salary
which has accrued to the circuit judge of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Pennsylvania and
New Jersey, since the death of said judge, report-
ed the same without amendment, accompanied by
a report in writing, with a recommendation that it
do not pass.
Ordered, That the said bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act to provide for raising a
regiment of mounted riflemen, and for establishing
military stations on the route to Oregon," reported
the same without amendment.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. C. J. TNGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to regulate the
allowance for extra services rendered by secretaries
of legations and consuls; which was read, and com-
mitted.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mitttee, reported a bill to repeal that part of the act
of 30th August, 1842, which imposes a duty of 20
per cent ad valorem on Java coffee, and to refund
the discriminating tonnage duties levied on Spanish
vessels (except those from Cuba and Porto Rico)
by the act of the 13th July, 1832; which bill was
read, and committed.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill directing the mode of settle-
ment of the accounts of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones,
accompanied by a report; which bill was read, and
committed. j
On motion of Mr. SAMUEL D. HUBBA.RD, j
Ordered, That the Committee on the Militia be |
discharged from the consideration of the petition of ;
John R. Pollard, and that it be laid upon the table, j
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on j
Revolutionary Pensions, made a report upon the j
petition of Samuel Jordan, accompanied by a bill 1
for his relief; which bill was read, and committed.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the same committee,
made a report upon the petition of Judith Keith,
accompanied by the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be di-
rected to transmit to the Secretary of War the pe-
tition of Judith Keith, with the proofs accom-
panying it.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the same committee, made
an advcise report upon the petition of Catharine
(Cellar; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. fiOI'DON', it was
Ordend, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
' charged from the cmiMileiation of the petition of
i Captain Ira Baldwin, and that it bo referred to the
, Conmiiitce on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DARRAGL I, from the Committee on Naval
i Alliurs, to which petitions upon the subject were
! referred, reported a bill to authoiizc the Secretary
! of the Navy to lake preliminary measures for the
! construction of a dry-dock at Philadelphia; which
j bill v,as lead.
i Mr. S ('If.!-'. N CK, from the samecommittec, made
' a report upon the petition of Philip X'. Holmes and
William Perlriek, accompanied by a bill for their
; relief; which bill was read and committed,
j On motion of Mr. T. B. KING, submitted on i
i leave, it was j
| Resolved, That, the Committee on the. Post Office
j and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
I expediency of establishing a post-route from Haw-
1 kinsville to Troupville, in the State of Georgia.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, on leave given, and
in pursuance of previous notice, reported bills of
the following titles, viz:
A bill to abolish the use of certain oaths at the
custom-houses of the United States, and for other
! purposes;
1 A bill to abolish executions in capital cases;
which bills were severally read twice, and com-
j mitted.
! The committees having been called through,
I The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
! ness in order would be the consideration of resolu-
j Hons which had been laid over for debate.
I But (a motion to that effect having been again
! made and agreed to) the House resolved itself into
1 Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
! Mr. Tihuatts, of Kentucky, in the chair,
i CONVENTION WITH PERU.
■ Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and said, that, as
1 the gentleman who was entitled to the floor [Mr.
RocifU'F.f.i.) had consented to yield it for the pur-
, pose, he (Mr. f.) would ask the committee to take
up the bill which he had yesterday reported from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to carry mto
effect the convention between the United States
and the Republic of Peru.
The CHAIRMAN said that the bill could only
be taken up by unanimous consent, or by a post-
ponement of the subject last under consideia-
tion.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, he supposed that
no objection would be made. A large sum of
money was payable to the merchants of the North
under this convention, and the bill merely provided
that the moneys paid into the treasury by the Re-
public of Peru should be drawn out and paid over
to those to whom it was due.
The bill not being at the moment at hand, the
motion of Mr. Ixgersoll was not pressed.
OREGON.
So the committee resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution of notice, and of the amend-
ments thereto pending.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL was entitled to the
floor, and addressed the committee during the hour,
in a speech which is in the course of preparation.
After alluding to the importance of the question,
he directed his attention to the following points:
to the interest which his constituents had in its
result; to the number of ships sent out to the Pa-
cific ocean from the district he represented; to the
\rast amount of cnpital invested, ift shipping at the
ports of New London and Stonington, all of which
was, in case of war, to be exposed to entire de-
struction.
M r. R. proceeded to refer to a petition which
had been sent to him from New London, signed
by men of all parties, asking Congress to adopt
peaceable measures for the settlement of difficul-
ties, existing or apprehended, between the United
States and Great Britain. And he read an extract
from a letter from another port, showing the de-
structiv e effects upon that section of country of a
hostile collision; but declaring that if war must
come, the people there would be, found as ready to
defend the country as other citizens in Congress,
who boasted so loudly about shedding the last drop
of their blood.
[Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON and others ex-
pressed the hope that the fact might prove to be
so.]
Mr. ROCKWELL said that the people of that
section were not a timid people; and that he could
refer to the history recently published by a dis-
tinguished gentleman [Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll]
near him, to show what they had done m time of
trial.
All parties in this House (Mr. R. said) seemed
to desire peace. Thcie was no diversity of opin-
ion on that point. All gentlemen, or nearly all,
agreed that the notice was desirable, in order that
we might have peace; and those who opposed the
notice "did so, tliey said, that we might not have
war. 1 n addition to this, there had been a univer-
sal declaration of patriotism on the part of gentle-
men who had spoken. They all seemed to con-
sider it necessary to declare how patriotic they
were, and how ready, if war should come, to shed
their last drop of blood in the cause. These were
very harmless declarations, since the probability
was, that whatever blood wa3 to be shed, would
come from the veins of others, notofthem. They
might do the talking, others would do the fight-
ing.
As to the claim of the United States to this ter-
ritory, he did not think it was either necessary or
desirable for him to go into its discussion. His
own idea was, that our claim was the best. None
of us were disposed, however, to make a claim
against our own country, where another country
was concemod. On the contrary, it was natural
that we should be disposed to make the best of our
own. He accorded the praise that was claimed
for the. Secretary of State in his exposition of the
justice of our claim, and expressed his own strong
confidencc in the character of that claim.
He rejoiced to find that this was not made a
party question. He would deeply regret to see a
question affecting so deeply the interests of this
nation, not only for the present, but for all future
tunc., decided on party considerations.
It had been said, in the course of a former dis-
cussion, that our true policy was " a wise and
masterly inactivity." It was a happy remark,
made, he believed, at an earlier period by John
Randolph, and before him, he believed, by Burke.
For his (Mr. R.'s) part, he not only thought the
remark a happy one, but he believed that at the
time it was made it was the true policy of our
country. He did not believe, however, that it was
any longer so, and he could not but think that the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
was rather inconsistent when, in the same breath
in which he advocated the policy of sending our
people there that they might increase and multi-
ply as fast as possible, he declared himself in fa-
vor of a course of proceeding which could not fail
to put a stop to that state of things. Mr. R.
thought that the time for that " wise and masterly
inactivity" had passed. He thought it apparent
that we could no longer pursue that course ; that
we could not now leave the question where it stood,
or postpone its decision indefinitely, that our peo-
