1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
convention with Spain, he argued that its bene-
fits must have enured to Spain, and thence, by our
purchase, to the United States, we thus becoming
the owners of the title by the discovery on the part
of Great Britain, in consequence of purchasing
from Spain. Independent of this, he noticed the
argument, that whatever rights Great Britain may
have acquired under that Nootka Sound conven-
tion, upon which she based her claims, were de-
stroyed and abrogated by the abrogation of that
convention by the war of 1796.
Such, then, being our title to Oregon, the very
important question arose as to what is the best
policy W be pursued in relation to this controversy
with Great Britain. A great deal had been said
of this policy of " masterly inactivity," "and he
confessed that at one time he had been the firm
uncompromising advocate of that policy. He re-
ferred to various considerations; to the remoteness
of the territory, being three thousand miles dis-
tant; to its comparative worthlessness, except for
traders and trappers-, to the fact that, in pursuing
this policy, the inevitable laws of population would
soon secure it to us, and place it so firmly in our
possession that no nation could talje it from us;
that the onward progress of our population (which
had increased, in less than half a century, from
Jive millions until we now numbered over twenty
millions) would soon roil its resistless tide over the
Rocky mountains, and flood that territory, as it
had already dotted it over with seven thousand of-
our citizens—all appealing; with irresistible power
in years past in favor of this system of" masterly
inactivity." But circumstances had now changed.
It was a wise policy; but now that wisdom had
ceased to be wise. We were now compelled to
action, from the existence of circumstances over
which we had no control. Out of this question
had been produced—as he must believe, by the
action of the present dominant party—Another cle-
ment of excitement which was now na-itatiij"- thin
entire country. Wince the ill-starred connexion of
the questions of Oregon and Texas at the lute
Baltimore convention, n new element had been
introduced into the political controversies of the
United Slates. The idea of territorial aggrandize-
ment had seemed to become popular; patriotic ap-
peals were made to the people; and n chongu had
Utken place in the policy of the country- -a change
that must he met by correspondent action, prompt,
efficient, without delay. He was not an advocate
for the extension of our territory, unless in a man-
ner perfectly in accordance with the Constitution
of our country, perfectly in accordance with the
' spirit of our institutions. While ho believed that
republican principles must and will spread, yet he
did not hold to the doctrine that wo were bound
to extend our country with them. Nothing can
resist the spread of republican principles. You
might as well attempt to chain the lightning as to
arrest the onward march of liberty. The glorious
principles of freedom will continue to spread, and
the time is riot far distant when every part of the
world will feel and will acknowledge their power.
But he could not consent to join the cry that the
whole continent must come into our confederacy;
that the United States must be extended from sea
to sea-—"from the rivers to the ends of the earth."
It is impracticable; it is dangerous to the integrity
of the Union; and such an extension must Curst
the cords that bind us. Let our principles extend;
give them " the wings of the morning, let them fly
to the uttermost parts of the sea;" but 1 beseech
gentlemen (said he) to stop in their career. The
spirit of conquest is abroad over the land; it must
"be-resisted, or it will forever ruin our country.
We have territory enough—a territory the most
magnificent the world ever saw. Why, then, seek,
in this spirit of aggrandizement, to extend our ter-
ritorial limits? He was in favor of a proper degice
of national pride. It Was essential to the preser-
vation of national rights and national honor; but
as with individuals, so with nations—there is a
" pride which goeth before destruction, a haughty
spirit which goeth before a fall." If we have not
reached that eminence, he feared, at least, that we
were approaching it very rapidly. In the natural
history of man, we are told that when an individual
is raised to a great elevation, there is an almost
irresistible impulse to dash himself from the giddy
height into ruin. So with nations, as all history
abundantly showed.
In addition to the state of our country, Mr. P.
referred to the state of our foreign relations as ano-
ther reason making it necessary to abandon this
policy of " masterly inactivity," and to adopt some
other. We are informed by the President of the
United States that negotiations are abandoned; that
the English Government will make no proposition
which we can accept; that our rights m Oregon
must be abandoned or firmly maintained. Now,
this being the fact, what is to be done ? Are we to
fold our arms and permit England to remain in
quiet possession of the whole of Oregon? The pres-
ent is a crisis which demands prompt, united, ur-
gent action. The President recommends that the
notice be given. Now, although he happened to
differ with the President in political opinions, yet,
this being an American question, it became the duty
of every American citizen to unite in giving him
that prompt, efficient support in this measure that
shall give him a power which will be felt from one
end of this continent to the other not only, but from
one end of the British dominions to the other. He
did not wish, on a question like this, to see the
American Congress standing in opposition to the
American President. He was ill favor of the pro-
position of the honorable gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Hiu.ukd,] or that portion of the proposition
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, [Mr. C. J. lNCtutsoi.j,;] but he preferred the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama, refer-
ring this noticc to the President of the Unite d States,
with authority to give it, whenever in his judg-
ment the interests of the country required it. It
might be said that they were not sincere in the ad-
vocacy of the notice, when the notice, as proposed
by tills amendment of the gentleman from Alalia- j
ma, devolved the responsibility on the President of ;
the United States. Kut he contended it, was but j
devolving upon him the exercise of lus cousutu- i
lional rights, and nu ^icatei icspouMbility th;ui |
properly pertained lo the high otHee w hieh the peo- !
pie of'tins country had confone I upon him. The .
President, aided bv Ins Cabinet, he contended was
the proper power to decide upon the propriety or
impropriety of giving this notice, as they were ac-
quainted with the whole course of our negotiations
on this subject.
Another reason why he was opposed to passing
the resolution declaring absolutely that the notice
should be given, was, that thereby the President
would be deprived of the exercise of his discretion
in ease circumstances should hereafter be so chang-
ed as to render it unadvisable to give it. But if the
House should not concur in thrSc views, he should
go for the proposition of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs for the giving this notice without the inter-
vention of the discretion of the President.
Advancing now to the more, direct arguments in
favor of the notice, he vindicated it from"the charge
so often made, that it is a war measure. It was
! not a war measure, but simply the exercise of our
j rights; which exercise on the part of England, all
i would admit, would he no offence to us. What
j might be the result after the expiration of the
! year's notice, was another question; and all the pre-
dictions as to what would be its effect were mere
speculations. No member of this House, no in-
dividual of tins nation, could pretend to pronounce
the result of it. It did not follow as a matter of
course that wc were to take armed possession of
Oregon : it did not follow that wc were to attempt
to drive out every English settler, or even that we
were to take military possession up to 49 degrees,
so as to give offence to England. Rut he was in
favor of the notice as a measure of peace. He be-
lieved conscientiously that it was a measure of
peace, and not of wai. A system of braggadocio
and gasconading had been practised, not only in
the United'States, but in England, m relation to this
great question. Both parties were engaged in it.
We stood beie this side of the water, and shook
our lists to John Bull; and John Bull, in return,
hurled back defiance upon us. This was the re-
lation of the parties, both knowing and understand-
ing well the trickery attempted to be played off
upon each other. He was for the notice, because .
he wanted to prove to ourselves that we are in
earnest; that this system of bullying is at an end; '
that this question has assumed a magnitude which
ji demands that our rights to Oregon shall be main-
tained ; that the attempts to make it a party ques-
tion may be defeated and abandoned, and it be
placed before the country in its true, its national
character. He was for the noticc, to make Eng-
land believe we were m earnest. She has never
believed it—she never will believe it, until she re-
ceives notice from the President of the United
States that we no longer desire to hold that terri-
tory in 'the manner we now hold it. Let England
be convinced we are in earnest; let our people be
so convinced also; and his word for it, negotia-
tions, when reopened, would be conducted in a
very different spirit from that which had heretofore
characterized thexn. He went for notice, also, to
prove to the world that we are in earnest. The
world is standing looking on with anxious expec-
tation; for, if war should come between the two
greatest nations of the globe—nations which.are
the bulwarks of Christianity, and of moral and re-
ligious civilization—it will not be confined to the
United States and Great Britain : it will be the
match to explode the mine which will convulse the
world. Another reason: The whole country is
now agitated upon this absorbing subject; the
business of the country is in a state of paralysis.
This uncertainty, this quasi war, he wished to re-
move. Give us peace—peace which we can de-
pend upon. Let the country be satisfied whether
there is to be a war; and if war must come, let it
come now. I do not desire to delay it; I do not
wish to reserve its horrors for my posterity. That
would be cowardice. If it was to come, let it fall
on our own heads—on the heads of those who had
occasioned it. This cowardly shrinking from re-
sponsibility is incompatible with the honor of the
American character. But there will he no war.
He wished to give the notice for the further rea-
son that we might perfect our title to Oregon, which
could not be done under the existing convention.
Terminate this convention of joint occupancy, or
whatever vou may call it, and the American settler,
as he wends his way to the Rocky mountains and
Hikes up his abode ill that far-off country, will find
g'ung with him the protection of American laws;
the protection of American laws will be with him
on his way to Oregon, in his slumbers in the dark
defiles of the Rocky mountains: will be with and
around him when in the valleys of Oregon he may
pitch his tent, and build his cabin, to remain there
an American citizen west of the Rocky mountains.
But there would be no war. The mutual inter-
ests of both countries forbid it. England, notwith-
standing her extensive warlike preparations, would
not enter into this contest: although England might
be manning her fleets and floating on the ocean her
steamers by hundreds, he did not believe that all
this was intended for the American nation. An-
other question is soon to be solved in Europe; there
is another struggle soon to come that will require
all her force. He referred to the death of Louis
Philippe of France. The moment he shall have
passed from the earth—it is the opinion of all—will
be the signal for a great struggle throughout the
whole of Europe. That is the contingency which
the English dread more than they do the Oregon
question; that is the reason for her immense pre-
parations. But lie argued that ir would he the
prudent course for us to arm also, to prepare to
meet her, and defend ourselves from the first blow
which it was Great Britain's policy to strike vig-
orously.
Again: as a proof that there would he no war,
he referred to the fact that although the Adminis-
tration had told us that negotiations are ended, yet
no preparations were recommended or asked for
the navy or for the army; that no step was taken
to place the country in a state of defence; to the
fact that the Secretary of the Treasury sits down
deliberately and computes that, after a certain num-
ber of years, there will be a certain sum in the treas-
ury—a fact inconsistent with the idea of war.
The notice being given, the parties being ready,
he believed negotiations would begone into; and
we should be bound by the honor of our nation, if
an offer came from England, to accept any propo-
sition whhh shall be as good as we ourselves have
offered. He behoved were this measure adopted,
negotiations would be reopened, and some amica-
ble mode of adjustment would be hit upon. It
could not be that two countries elevated for civili-
zation , distinguished for everything that adorns the
national character, would rush blindly into war—
which would be a war of horrors beyond all com-
putation. He regretted to have heard gentlemen
in the course of this discussion talk so flippantly
of war. Of its horrors he gave a glowing picture,
and he declared himself an advocate of the preser-
vation of our national honor and our national rights
at every cost and at every sacrifice; but war to be
just must be necessary. We must, in accordance
