216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
with the strict principles of national honor, have
exhausted every means in our power to bring about
an amicable settlement of the controversy now-
waged. Without it, war could never be justi-
fied. Have all these means been resorted tor he
asked. The question was still open; the honor of
the country was not involved so as to prevent its
amicable adjustment. What was national honor?
It was, to do to other* as we would that otheis
should do unto us. National honor mufrt have its
foundations deep on the eternal principles of truth
and justice-
There were other considerations which, to his
judgment, were satisfactory to induce him to the
course of policy he had indicated, but he forehore
to detain the committee longer. Were there doubts
about it? He was always in favor of resolving;
such doubts hi such a manner as to protect and de-
fend the rights and interests of thiw country. To
doubt on this question was to betray the interests
of the country.
" Oin doubts are traitor?,
And make us lose the yood we mujht attain,
13y fearing to attempt—'"
He believed the issue of our present difficulties
on this subject would be peace—mi honorable |j
peace; but while he thought so, he was ;m*ad\o- '
cate of preparation forewiy conun^eney. Were '
we in that condition now? Ho did not wish un- j
necessarily to disclose our want of preparation to i
the world. It was known, however, to be our ae- ;
tual condition; and he was willing, to-morrow, to i
vote appropriations for building forty iron steam- !
ers-of-war. I
fA. voice: ''Of Pennsylvania ironj
Yes; of Pennsylvania iron, (continued Mr. P.,) ;
thus aHordin^ incidental protection to Pennsylva- j
nia. To-morrow he was ready to vote npproprta* ,
tions of iifty millions of dollais to place ourcoun- !
try m a state of readiness to meet cvn y eontinven- !
ey, although direct taxation might be, the result, i
TTe assured gentlemen of the readiness of the eiti- !
7,ens of Pennsylvania, although now pressed down !
with a burden of taxation, to meet this additional >
burden if it was necessary for the defence of the I
interests and the honor of the country. Their pa- i
triotism and their valor needed no praise from him. ]
In the day of trial they would be found at the post I
of danger; in the field of battle they would be j
found "first in the fi«ht and last in the retM-at.'' |
Mr. P. having concluded— 1
Mr. GOODYEAR obtained the floor, and spoke j
at length in favor of the joint resolution. As thw !
speech, also, is in course of preparation, we lay ;
over, by Mr. G .'s request, any further not ire of it. i
Mr. PENDLETON then obtained the floor ; ■
and yielded to a motion that the commuter- ri.se, ,
which prevailing, the committee rose and repoUod. ,
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, <fcc.
The following Petitions and Memorials were i
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro- j
priate committees : :
Bv Mi. M. Ti. MART : Tho petition of citizens of:
Dodsfo county, Wit-con.-ln, pinvini; an appropriation tor u ■
roari from the seat of justice of >;tut county to Mihvaukie; '
the petition of citizens of Mihvaukie, for tiie same object:
both of winch were referred to the Committer on ltoa<!> and ,
Canals. The memorial of citizens of Manitowoc county, i
Wisconsin, for the nnpiovement of Fox and Wisconsin i
rivers. ;
Mr. HFLTT. withdrew from the file* of the Ia«f Congress ,
the petition and pap 'isof.To.«lniii Rhaw, pun itiLr comjK'n«a- 1
tion for the u^e of the pereuvum-lofk ran and punier in- '
vented b> linn, and u^ed by the United tftulej in violation of
hi6* letters patent.
By Mr. 3VIOULTON • The petition of Daniel B. Perkins,
praym? for an allowance in consideration of injuries ic-
ceived m preserving the property of the United nt
the armoivat Springfield, Massachusetts, from d<st  notion
by fire : referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Bv Mr. J. BLACK : The petition and papers of John Kline,
a soidiei of the late war, asking relief: referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mi. BOYD: The paper* of the heirs of John Vice, de-
ceased, asking that the pension money due for the j evolu-
tionary services of their deceased father be paid to them.
By Mr. HENLEY : The application of the widow John-
son, widow of Homer Johnson, late of Indiana, a&fcins com-
pensation for certain extra seivsces rendered by her late
husband as superintendent on the Cumbeiland load.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 17, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved so to
amend it as to state the fact, that the two bills in-
troduced l>y him were introduced on leave, in pur-
suance of previous notice, and not, as stated from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Journal having been so amended, was ap«
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER hud before the House sundry
communications.
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to the resolution of the House in rela-
tion to the condition of the marine hospital at or
near Oemeokc, in the State of North Carolina,
provided to he ereeted by an act of August 29,
18-I3; which letter was laid upon the table.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in rumver to the resolution of the House of the
1 Hth iii:>t., in u'lation to the commission of frauds
upon the rcxenue by the importation of svflips,
designated and entered in our customs ns molas.xes;
which h'ter wn« laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLELL.-VND, the resolu-
tion heretofore introduced bv him, in relation to nil
outfit to the eommisMoner to the Sandwich inlands,
and referred to the Committee of Waysnnd Means,
was taken from that committee and referred (as
hems? a mote appropriate disposition) to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Aifairs.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees foi reports, hut none were made.
< >n motion of Mr. 1)01 >G E, the 1 louse took up,
considered, and Adopted* the following resolution,
heretofore otlVred by him:
Kesolretl) That the Seereiury of the Treasury ho
requested to communicate to thi* 3 louse whatever I
intbrma'ion he miy be in po^sesMon of, touching
t!ie manner and eitvnm^tancc.s under which certain
smns of money were deposited with the late re«is-
t< r of the land office, lb (W si I iron,) at Fairfield,
Iowa, for the purchase of public lands; and if he !
bo not jii possesion of such information, that he
<lnee{ tin' piesent renter and receiver at Fairfield,
to coiled and transmit the same, and also to report
on the ease; and further, whether or not, in lus
opinion, the persons thus depositing their money
have nol, an equitable claim on the United States to
n fuud ii, or allow them to enteivi quantity of pub-
lie, hind, at $1 -2ii per acre, equivalent thereto.
Mr. C. J. 1NWEKSOLL moved that the House
resobe its* If into Conmiilteo of the Whole on the
state of the Eninn, with a \iew to take up the
Permian bill, but waived the motion for a mo-
mem,
Mr. CABELL, on leave, presented a memorial
and jesohitions of the State of Florida, relative to
the appotnnnent of a board of commissioners to
^s.-eriam losses .sustained by citizens of Florida, in
fon^equence of the deMruc,lion of their properly
during the Nenunoie war; which was icferrcd to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAbELL also presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State, of Florida, relative to n
ivraht of lands for a seminary of learning; which
resolutions were referred to the Committee on the
.Library.
Mr. CABELL also presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Florida, relative to the appointment
of engineers to examine and survey the everglades,
with a view of draining th<mi; which tesolutioins
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On morion of Mr. OAEELL,
]?esolnd, That, the letter from the late Secretary
of the Navy, transmitting a report of officers and
engineers, relative to the propriety and advantages
of a dry-dock at Pensacola, &e., submitted to this
blouse on the 3d of March, 1845, be referred to
the Committee on Commeiec.
Mr. JA COB THOMPSON, on leave given, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was adopt-
ed:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to communicate to this House a copy of ad the
documents and papers in his depcutment, illustra-
tive of the daring a^ts and outrages which have
been lately committed in the Cherokee nation by
the advice or with the consent of the dominant
party, resulting from the domestic strife and feuds
which now exist among the Cherokees.
Mr. McCONNELL, on leave given, introduced
the following* resolution; which was read for infor-
mation :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be requested to inquire into the expediency
of reducing or repealing the import duty (on two
of die prime necessaries of lift) on salt and iron.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he would rather
debate this resolution.
So it was laid over.
Mr, HARALSON, on leave given, presented
certain resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Georgia, relating to the establishment of certain
post-routes from La Grange, Atlanta, and other
points therein named, in said State; which weie
referred to the Copmittee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. . .
Also, the papers relating to the claim of John
Robinson, of Carroll county, Georgia, administra-
tor of George M, Luvinder, deceased; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the papers relating to the claim of Johnson
Frost, of Troup county, Georgia; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Isaac Gray, of Campbell
county, Georgia, heir at law of James Heath,
praving remuneration for property carried away
by the Cherokee Indians during the years 1791
and 1792; vv hieh was referred to the Committee on
fndian Affairs.
Mr. LUMPKIN, on leave given, presented a
resolution of the Legislature of the State of Greor-
(pgia, relative to the establishment of a national arm-
ory and foundry at some suitable point in that
State; which resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. LliMPK-LN" also presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Georgia, relative to
a removal of the post oilice at Statesboro', in Bul-
lock, to the court house in said county; also, pray-
ing the establishment of the following mail-routes,
viz.:
From Dahloncgn, by the way of Skeenertown
and Luecoa, to Benton, in Polk county, m the
.State of Tennessee; from Cassville, by the way of
Felix ff. Bruman's, Joseph M. TerriPs, and Tow-
ry's Bridge, to Holly Creek, in Murray county,
Georgia; from Dahlonega, in Lumpkin county, by
the way of Elligate, in "Gilmer county, to Spring
Place, in Murray county, Georgia. Referred, .
CONVENTION WITH PERU.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGEKSOLL, the
Rouse resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Mr. Cjjapman, of Ala-
bama, in the chair.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, the com-
mittee took up the bill to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the Repub-
lic of Peru, concluded at Lima, the 17th day of
March, 18-11.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that there were
three hundred thousand dollars in the Treasury re-
quiring an act of Congress to draw it out. Bui
the bill, if read, would speak for itself.
The bill was read, in part; when
Mr. PETTFT submitted, as a point of order,
that it had not been decided by a vote of the com-
mittee whether this bill should be taken up, or not.
Some conversation followed as to the fact, and
an appeal was indicated, but not taken.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the bill be laid aside;
which motion was rejected.
The bill, having been first read through, was
taken up by sections.
Mr. PETTIT inquired if there-was any report
accompanying the bill?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said there was not.
Mr. PETTIT. How much money is appro-
priated ?
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL. Three hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. PETTIT. And no report.
Mr. G. ~W. JONES, alluding to the appropria-
tion proposed by this bill of $2,000 compensation
to the Attorney General of the United States for
adjudicating these claims, said the Attorney Gen-
eral was now a salaried officer of this Government,
receiving, he believed, §4,000 per annum, which
he thought was sufficient for his services. If he
was able, in addition to the duties already required
of him, to perform these duties, in his (Mr. J.?s)
opinion, he should receive no additional compen-
sation, the Government being entitled to all the
services of this officer for the salary which he re-
ceived.
Again: he did not think it altogether right that
this Government should be obliged to pay for the
