1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
commitment of the billto the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, -with .instructions to report all the facts of
the case.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the said 4th
section, by reducing one-half of the amount there
in appropriated for the Attorney General and his
clerk—i. e. $9,000 to the first, and $1,000 to the
second. - -
The first amendment was rejected.
And the question being on the second,
Mr. CHIPMAN objected to the whole tenor and
object of the billand that for the same reason
which had induced the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Rsthbon] to move to reduce the salaries.
He approved the position that the whole time of
the Attorney General belonged to the Govern-
ment, and that he ought to adjudicate these claims
for nothing. But he would not confer the power
on him or on any other present officer of the Gov-
ernment, because it would not be economical to do
so. He denied the applicability of the doctrine of
costs in court; and scouted the idea that because
this money had lain long in the treasury"and the
claimants had lost the interest, therefore the Gov-
ernment ought to pay the cost of distribution.
How many honest claimants had lain for years out
of their just claims, and yet nobody dreamed of
allowing them interest.
Mr. EVV1NG said he wished to be understood.
He had not contended that the Government ought
to nay interest to these claimants; but that interest
had accumulated, and that the claimants had lam
out of their money.
Mr. G. INU'ERSOLL. That had been his
ground, and all his ground. Perhaps the Govern-
ment might with part of this money have been
buihlins; forts in Michigan. [A laugh.]
Mr. CHIPMAN said that, he should think no
forts could have been built in Michigan out of mo-
ney not received by the Government, but lying in
the coders of the ■ Government of I'uru. There
Keemod to be some strange solicitude for (he pas-
sage of this bill.
At this stage of the proceedings, and without
any action,
The committee, on motion of Mr. HUNTER,
rose and reported progress.
OBITUARY.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and addressed the
House as follows :
Mr. Speaker : To me, sir, has this day been
assigned the melancholy duty of making the so-
lemn announcement to this House, that death is in
our midst. William Taylor, a representative in
Congress from the State of Virginia, is no more.
He died at his own chambers, in this city, this
morning, at 4 o'clock.
The brief time which has elapsed since his de-
cease has not allowed mo tin opportunity of ascer-
taining the circumstances attending that event.
Bince he readied Washington, at the commence-
ment of our session, he has labored under constant
indisposition, A general debility pervaded his
physical frame; ana this morning he suddenly ex-
pired. He sunk suddenly, and m a moment life
was extinct. Without a murmur, without a sigh,
he sunk to rest—evincing, at his departure fi-om
tliis world, a calm composure, a quiet resignation,
which admirably corresponded with the smooth
progress of his prewous life.
lie was born in Aloxandria^in this District. In
early life, he removed to the Valley of Vir^min-,
and, having married, located himself in Rockbridge
county, where he has ever since resided. Blest in
his domestic relations, happiness and contentment
have been his good fortune.
If, sir, his life has been marked by no extraor- i
dmary incidents, that (Uet constitutes an encomium !
on the moral beauty of his character. Although
a well-educated lawyer, and highly reputable, mem-
ber of the Bar, he manifested no restless eagerness
for distinction, and suffered not the promptings of
worldly ambition to disturb the evenness of his
temper, and betray him into uncongenial contro-
versy. Remarkable throughout life for his unin-
terrupted equanimity, nevertheless he was, in his
pubhc capacity, firm and decided in his opinions;
and in the conscientious discharge of his duties he
was inflexibly upright.
Justice and integrity characterized his entire in-
tercourse with his Yellow-men. Honor, in its best
sense, regulated his conduct.
Whether contemplated in the faithful discharge
of his public duties, or in his fair and honorable
intercourse with his fellow-men, or as an exem-
plary husband and father, reposing in tranquil
happiness by his own fireside, in company with an
affectionate wife and children—in whatever scene,
or under whatever aspect we may examine the
character of my departed colleague, he will be em-
phatically pronounced, in the most dignified and
refined definition of the term, a gentleman.
Such, sir, was the man who, m the wise dispen-
sation of an inscrutable Providence, has been re-
moved from his country and his family before he
had attained an old age.
Of the grief of his bereaved companion, and his
now fatherless children, it does not become me to
attempt a description. Into that private and sacred
scene of mourning I will not, even by imagination,
intrude.
If earthly consolation can alleviate their distress,
some portion of it may, perhaps, be derived from
the reflection that he was universally esteemed and
beloved by his acquaintances, and that all his col-
leagues in the highest degree respected and loved
him, and mourn his loss as that oi' a brother.
But, sir, at last the highest source of comfort and
consequent resignation to their bereavement will be
derived from their Christian belief that the ways of
God, however inexplicable to the finite wisdom of
man, are just; and from the Christian hope that a
world of sin, and sorrow, and temptation, has been
exchanged for one of immortal bliss.
Mr. D. concluded by offering the following reso-
lutions, which were adopted:
Jiesulced, That this House lias heard v. ith deep
emotion the annunciation of the death of the [Ion.
William Taylor, a member from the State of Vir-
ginia.
liesolretl, That this House tenders to the rela-
tives of the deceased the expression of its sympa-
thy 011 this nO't'Oting event, and, as a testimony of
respect for the memory of the deceased, the mem-
bers and officers ofthe House will gn into mourning
by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
■AV.Wi'tv/, That tho lnt'inln'is and officers of the
House will attend the f'unernl of tin1 lion. William
Tfiylor, deceased, on Monday next, at half-past
1'2 o'clock, p. m.
Resolved, That a committee he appointed for su-
perintending the funeral of the deceased.
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate,
to notify that body of the death of the Hon. Wm.
Taylor, late one. of the representatives from the State
of Virginia, that his funeral will take place from
the Hall of the House on Monday next, at half-
past. 12 o'clock, p. m., and that the Senate be in-
vited io attend the same.
Itenoh'eil, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, this House do now
adjourn.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
The following members compose the commirhie
appointed fo superintend the funeral of the de-
ceased :
Messrs. Dromgooi.e, Duni,ai>, McKay, A bbott,
Honkerfoud, Vance, and Thomas B. King.
nington ami 320 others, eitizcns of the city of Newark, New
Jer^ev, praying for an appropriation for tlie improvement of
Newark harbor. Also, the resolutions of the Common Coun-
cil ot tile city of Newark, New Jersey, in reference to an ap-
propriation Ibr the improvement of Newark liatbor.
l!y Mr. HARALSON: The papers relating to the claim of
John Robmson, of Carroll county, Georgia, administrator of
George M. Lavender, deceased. Also, the papers relating to
the claim of Johnson Frost, of Troup county, Georgia. Also,
the petition of Isaac Gray, of Campbell county, Georgia,
heir at law of James Heath, praying remuiieiation for prop-
el tv earned away by the Cherokee Indians during the years
1791 and 1792.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of Conrad House, of
Wood county, Ohio, heretofore referred January 16,1637.
Also, the memorial of D. and J. Wilkinson, heirs of John
Wilkinson, deceased, of Wood county, Ohio, heretofore
leterred January 16, 1S37.
By Mr McCLERNAND • The petition of Joseph T. Atch-
ison, of Hamilton county, Illinois, prayme compensation in
land or otherwise lor services as a soldier during the last
wai : referred to the Committee of Claims.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees: j
By Mr. McDOWELL: The petition of William Cherrv, i
for one year'* full pay: referred to the Committee on Revo- |
lution<u%v Cl.tim-. !
Hv Mr- TfJ.DEN: The petition of John If. Horner and |
other-, oiti/en* of (in>tavus, Trumbull county, Ohio, pray- ,
ing the fvtjibl^inuentof a m il route from Kinsman to War- j
ren. AIho, tin1 petition of Hcimui Ov.uft ni.d others, citi- i
zen^ of Summit county. Ohm, prajmj* lor an appropriation j
fo: tlie improvement of the Maumee river. Also, the peti- j
[inn of Atviln*! Wili'OK and others, eiiizeiH of Wayne coun- I
. ty, Ohio, praying the abolition oi' the jmrMtsnl slave trade. ;
; AKo, the remoustiance of E. B. Chamberlain aud others, ;
ritizmis of .Summit county, Ohio, against the annexation of j
i Tcxa^, and that of George ITezlip on the same buhject. ;
{ By Mr. GORDON: The petition of John Ingraham for an J
! increase of his pension. j
By Mr. PTXON: The petition of Lemuel Cutslimaii, of:
Stafford, in the State of Connecticut. j
Bv Mr. R. FMFTH, of JUinoi*: The petition and papers 1
of Niel Shannon, pt.umg a pension. Also, the memorial of i
a large numhei of citizens of Ononda-ra. county, New York, J
pravin?> Congress to make the public lands free (in limited j
quantities) to the actual setfleis. j
By Mr. W. WRIGHT: The petition of WUIiam Pen- !
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 19, 1846.
Oil motion of Mr. PENiNYBACX£ER, the read-
ing of the Journal was di&pensed with.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by B. B. French, Esq., their Clerk,
informing the Senate of the death of the Hon.
William Taylor, late a representative from the
State of Virginia, and inviting tlie Senate to at-
tend the funeral to-day at half-past twelve o'clock.
On mouon of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolutions,
u lien
IVJr. PENNYBACKER rose and said :
Mr. PiiKSiDuxi: It becomes my duty to an-
nounce to the Senate the melancholy truth that
Wii.lum TAYi.on,a representative from Virginia,
is no more. 1-le died very suddenly at his resi-
dence in this city on Saturday morning last, about
four o'clock, in the maturity of age and the fulness
of usefulness. For some" time previous to the
period of his death, he had been indisposed, but
not very seriously, as his friends had hoped; com-
plaining only of gieat debility. But, alas ! how
false are the hopes of men ! The hand of death
was then upon lirni, and kindred spirits were whis-
pering to his soul,
" Gontle spirit, come away !"
Though his exit was sudden, he died, as he had
lived, calmly and quietly; and without a pang, a
groan, or a struggle, his soul ascended to its (iod.
There may it rest forever and forever !
But melancholy as is the announcement I have
made, there were circumstances attending the sad
bereavement which were calculated to mitigate the
blow. My deceased friend died surrounded by
his family, and in the midst of dear and cherished
friends. His it was not to die in a stranger land,
"Without a friend to close his eye.*."
Where he breathed his last -was near the spot
where the light of heaven first met his eyes. He
was born and reared in the city of Alexandria.
Woman, too, was near his couch—his devoted
wife, and other friends. May the God of mercy,
m his infinite goodness, bind up the wounds which
death has made!
With the deceased I was not intimately ac-
quainted, though [ knew him well in person and
by character, lie was the representative of my
immediate district, and had been during the Twen-
ty-eighth Congress. A purer man never lived
upon earth. lie was remarkable for his modesty
and courtcsy j and no one excelled him in sensibil-
ity and honor. A lawyer, he stood very well at
the bar; a member of Congress, he discharged his
duties; a husband, a father, a neighbor, and a
friend—nothing was wanting. He was respectably
connected in all branches of his family. A genile-
maa in every sense of the word, he was an ornament
io human -nature itself.
In his life there was no striking incident. Like
a placid stream, it flowed smoothly on, until it was
lost in the ocean of eternity.
What I have said, Mr. President, is not the lan-
guage of mere panegyric. I have said but that
which 1 do hnmo; and they who knew him best and
weH will acknowledge the truth of the picture I
have drawn, how imperfectly soever the task has
been done.
Without further remark, sir, I move you that
the Senate adopt the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the message from the House of Repre-
