1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
the President of the United States is herehy au-
thorized to apply forthwith the sum of two mil-
lions and seventy-seven thousand dollars, being
the amount received during the past year from
land sales, out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated; said vessels to be con-
structed of the same materials as the vessels pro-
vided for in the first section of this bill.
The amendment having been read for informa-
tion, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAG-BY presented the following resolu-
tion:
' Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to inquire into Dr. William P. Mc-
Connell's submerged propeller and other improve-
ments, and report on their utility and practicability
to propel war-steamers.
Mr. YULEE suggested that, as this whole sub-
ject was already before the Naval Committee, who
were taking measures to inquire into the practica-
bility and adaptation and merits of all improve-
ments of this nature, the resolution was, perhaps,
superfluous.
Mr. BAGBY, in reply, remarked that he had
no knowledge of a general reference of this subject
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. He had un-
derstood, however, that Mr, MoConncll's inven-
tion was one of great value, and he had introduced
the resolution at the request of one of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FAIRFIELD observed that the whole was
before the committee, but informally. He had
suggested to the Senator from Alabama that it
would be better to bring the matter especially be-
fore the committee by resolution; and therefore it
was submitted.
The resolution was then considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
INTERPOSITION OP FOREIGN POWERS.
Mr. ALLEN rose, and said that, some days ago,
ho submitted, or proposed to submit, to the Sen-
ate ajoint resolution in reference to the interposi-
tion of European Powers in tlie political n flairs of
America. A question arose on leave to introduce
this resolution, and, pending the question, n mo- j
Hon was made to lay the million for leave to pre- !
sent the resolution on the table. The state of the [
question, therefore, was, the motion for leave was
laid on the table by a vote of the. Senate. lie
arose now to 'give "notice, that nobody might, be
taken by surprise, that, on Friday morning next,
as soon as may he after the reading of the journal,
he would move the Senate to take up the motion.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice of his intention,
by leave of the Senate, to introduce a joint resolu-
tion to provide for the preservation of petitions
and other papers presented to the Senate.
Mr. GREENE moved that the resolution pre-
sented by him several days since, in favor of a dis-
tribution of the decisions of the Supreme CoUrt, be
printed; which motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, after some time so spent,
the doors were opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 20, 184(5.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and ap-
proved.
COLONIZATION SOCIETY".
Mr. HUNTER rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a motion, that the
use of this Hall bo granted to the Colonization So-
ciety this evening.
Mr. McCONNELL and other members object-
ing, the motion was not entertained.
Mr. WENTWORTH, on leave given, offered
the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to furnish this House with a statement
of the amount of hospital money paid by the offi-
cers and seamen in the merchant service on lakes
Erie, Michigan, Ontario, and Champlain, and in-
tervening waters, separating the amount paid on
each lake; at what custom-house paid; and how it
has been expended; and what amount is yet un-
expended; and whether, out of the 1,500 seamen
arriving at Chicago monthly, and paying hospital
money, there has been disbursed a single cent at
that point for their relief, and if so, when, and to
whom, and the specific amount to each man.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury on the 31st ultimo, rela-
tive to compensation and emoluments of'collectors
of the customs, reported a bill relative to collectors
and other officers of the customs; which was read
twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of the New
Jersey Steam Navigation Company, and New
York, Providence, and Boston Railroad Company,
for expenses in maintaining a certain light on Eel
Grass Shoal, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate, entitled " An act for the relief of William
Elliott, Jr., of Fulton county, in the State of Illi-
nois," reported the same without amendment.
Ordered, That tile said bill be committed to a
Committe of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. BAKER presented a petition of citizens of
the State of Illinois, remonstrating against the ad-
mission of Texas into the Union.
Also, one of citizens of the State of Illinois, for
the amendment to the Constitution, to provide for
the election of President of the United States, and
for the emancipation of all persons held in slavery
in the year 1860, and that no slaveholder or duellist
shall hereafter be qualified to hold any office.
Also, one from the same, to abolish slavery m
the District of Columbia.
Ordered, That tlu* said memorials bo laid on the
table.
Mr. FRIES presented a petition of citizens of
Harrison eonnty, in the State of Ohio, proving for
the establishment of a daily four-horse poiit-eoaeh
mail route from Zannsville to Pittsburg; which
was referred to the Committee 011 the Post OHiee
! and Post Romls,
I Air. II KRlllClf, from the Committee of Claims,
| made adverse reports upon the petitions of Icba-
bofl Peck, the widow of Samuel Scott, and the
heirs of Thomas Underbill; which reports were
laid upon the table.
Mr. HOGE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill authorizing the payment of certain
claims of the State of Alabama, accompanied by a
report in writing; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of John Boden
Fitch and others, heirs of John Fitch, which, re-
port was laid upon the table.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, from the same com-
mittee, made a report upon the petition of Nathan
Smith and Charles K\ Smith, accompanied by a
bill for their relief; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petitions of Samuel Froth ingham, and Chauncey
Wetmore, administrator of Elisha Hubbard, de-
ceased; which reports were laid upon the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of Adam MeCul-
loh, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Jere-
miah Moors, reported the same without amend-
ment,, accompanied by a report adverse to the pas-
sage of said bill.
Mr. D. moved that the said bill be laid upon the
table.
And the question being put, it, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HARALSON" laid before the House a let-
ter from* the Secretary of War to the Committee
on Military Affairs, transmitting a report of the
Paymaster General of the army, showing the com-
parative annual expense of a dragoon regiment, a
regiment of riflemen, with infantry pay and forage
as dragoons, and a regiment of riflemen serving
on foot, with their usual infantry pay; which com-
munication was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Thomas
F. Harkness; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the claim
of Matthews, Wood, & Hall, and the petition and
papers of said claimants be referred to the Solicitor
of the Treasury, with instructions forthwith to
take sworn testimony in New York, on behalf of
the United States, and also of the petitioners, as to
the truth of the various facts alleged; and that he
report said testimony, with his opinion thereon, at
as early a day as practicable.
On motion of Mr. MILLER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Roads and Ca
nals be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of citizens of Indiana for the improvement
of the Maumee river, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
Post, Office and Post Roads, made a report upon the
petition of Seth M. Leavenworth, accompanied by
a joint resolution for his relief; which resolution
was read twice and committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. SEAMAN
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill for the
relief of Emanuel Berry and John M. Reese; which
was read twice and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. PRICE
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to con-
tinue in force an act making an appropriation for
the payment of horses lost by the Missouri volun-
teers in lie"1 Florida war; which bill was read twice
and committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. JOHN A.
ROCKWELL asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill in relation to assignees in bankruptcy;
winch bill was read twice, and committed to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, WENTWORTH gave notice of a motion
foi leave to intioduce a bill to authoii/.e the Slate
of Illinois to tax the lands within her limits t s
soon as f.'old.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMLIN, chairman of the Committee of
Elections, in pursuance of the notice he had here-
tofore given, rose and moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the report of that com-
mittee in the case of the contested election from
the State of Florida.
And this is a question of privilege.
PERSONAL.
Mr. CABELL (the sitting member from'Flor-
ida) rose and asked leave to make a personal ex-
planation.
Leave having been granted,
Mr, CABELL said that he wished to call the
attention of the House to certain reports, pub-
lished m the newspapers of Friday last, of a state-
ment purporting to be made by the chairman of
the Committee of Elections, and which he would
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk then read the following statements:
From the Baltimore Fatriot of Jan. 17.
" Mr. Hasiu.v, chairman of the Committee of
' Elections, rose and remarked to the Chair that
' this was the day assigned for the House to con-
1 sider the Florida election case. But, he under-
1 stood that the member now holding the seat was
' absent from the city, and expected to return to-
' night. As soon as he"should return, Mr. H. would
' call up the subject of the election for considera-
' tion; and if he did not return by Monday next,
' then Mr. H. would make a proposition' to the
' House Oil the subject of that gentleman's ab-
' sence."
From the Union of Friday evening last.
" Contested election from Florida.—Mr.
1 Hamlin, chairman of the Committee on Elec-
' tions, rose and said, it would be recollected that
' he had, some days since, given notice of his in-
' tention to call up the case of contested election
' from Florida to-day. He had now risen for the
' purpose of saying that he did not propose to call
' up that case to-day; and he would take this oeca-
( sion to say, that when he had given this notice
1 the other day, he did not know, nor did he believe
' any individual m this House, with one exception,
' knew that the sitting member was absent.' He
