222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
' (Mr. H.) had not learned this fact until last cvcn-
1 ing". He understood. however, that the gentleman
' proposed to return this evenim;. The matter had
1 now been delayed a number of days. He should
1 oropose to take it up at the earliest period after
' the gentleman's return. If he returned to-night,
' he should eall it tip to-morrow. If the gentleman
' did not return in all this week, the committee had
' come to the conclusion that no additional delay
' should take place beyond that time, whether the
'gentleman returned or not; and, in either event
' lie (Mr. II.) should call up the report on Monday'
'next."
The extracts bavin? been read,
Mr. CABELL proceeded to say that he was not
present when these remarks had been made; ami
he was not, therefore, prepared to say which of
these two reports was true. He understood the
chanman of the committee to say, however, that
the iiist of the two reports (that from the t! Balti-
more Patriot") was more particularly incorrect—
especially as to that part of it winch .spoke of a
resolution of inquiry as to his (Mr. C. 's) ahscncc 
no such intimation having been given by that gen-
tleman. ' *
In reference to the report in the " Union," it
certainly placed him in a false position, inasmuch
as an inference might lie drawn from the remarks
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamli\] that
efloits had been made by him (i\lr. C.) to protract
a decision, or postpone the consideration of this
question. The report stated thjt the repoitof the
committee had been made some days since, and
that its consideration had been delayed, but would
no longer be delayed, and that it, would be taken
up on a particular day in his absence.
The report of the committee was made about ten
days ago. "Whether it was printed at the time, the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamljx] made his
remarks, or on the day which the gentleman had
fust fixed for its consideration, he (Mr. C.) did
not know. Certain ir was, ho\ye\er, that their
were but few members of the House who had yet
seen this report. To this hour it had not been laid
on their tables; and when, therefore, the gentleman
spoke of delay, he (Mr. C.) must insist that the
inference should not thence be drawn that he had
caused that delay. The report was made only ;
about ten days ago. It had not yet, lie repented, 1
been laid on the tables; and if there had been de- ■
lay, it was not to him it should be attributed. ;
As to his absen« e from the House, he would ■
state that he had been unexpectedly called away i
from the city: and it wn* not true that he had not ;
notified the members of the committee of his con- .
templated absence. On the contrary, he. had spoken j
to seveial members of the commitiee, and all ofr
them had said that the case could not come up un-
til the present week, tie had also spoken to other
members of the i louse, lie had also intended to ,
speak to the chairman of the committee, but he did j
not see him; and he (Mr. C.) requested a friend of 1
his to make to the chaiiman a statement of the fact j
of his intended absence. Judge, then, of his sur- j
prise when he rend that the ease had been brought ;
up; that a day had been set apart for its considera- ;
tion, and that something- in the nature of a threat •
had been held out, that the case would be taken j
up at a certain time whether lie was present or 1
not. _ !
He had felt it to be his duty to briefly moke ;
these remark^. i
Mr. HAMLIN rose and asked leave to make a I
personal explanation.
And lea\e having been granted—
Mr. HAM LIN said he hardly knew that an v of (
the suggestions made bv the Gentleman from Flori- ,
da [Mr. Cabell] necessarily called for anv ex- |
pbnation from htm (Mr. II.); yet, inasmuch as ;
there might apparently be a little misunderstand- (
ing between them as to what he did say, and as to
the manner m which the subject had been present- ,
ed to the House, he thought it proper to explain !
any real or imaginary misunderstanding between ■
the gentleman and himself, or the committee of
which he was a member. i
He had only to say that the reports read from j
the papers were both incorrect. They were both,
however, mainly correct.
It might be proper for him, in this connexion, to
stat? what was the understanding between the gen-
tleman from Florida and himself. The gentleman
might recollect that he (Mr. H.) had given him
his personal assurance, that the report would not
be called up by him until at least one day after it
had been printed, and laid on the tables of the
members He had made no effort to call it up till
throe days after its deli very at the Capitol. "Whether
it had been laid on the tables of members or not, he
could not tell. Whether gentlemen had placed a
magic star on their dosksj by which notice was
given that these reports were detained in the docu-
ment room,it was not for him to say. The report,
however, had been delivered to this House, to be
laid on the tables of members; they Avere in the
document room, and had been laid on the tables of
j those members on whose desks the magic star to
] which he had alluded was not found.
! On the third day from their delivery, not know-
! ing of the gentleman's absence, he (Mr. H.) had
1 risen, and fixed a day for the consideration of the
j subject. Subsequently to giving that notice, the
! gentleman from New York (Mr. Ci'Lyer] called
! on him, (Mr. IT.,)and said that he had just learned
| that his friend from Florida [Mr. Cabbix] was
! absent. He (Mr. H.) did not know that fact
: when he jrnve the notice that he would call up the
i report. F.vcry member of the committer -whom
he had seen stated that he knew nothing of the
gentleman's absence. Ho (Mr. H.) then referred
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGArcniv.v,]
who said that the gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Ovbf.ll] had notified him of his intended absence.
This was the first notice he (Mr. TI.) had had of
the faet. He (Mr. H.) had not. given the notice
j to the House until the third day; and when he did
j give it, he did not know the Ihct of the gentleman's
' absence.
| When he had given the notice, and when it had
j been printed, and would, in the due course of mail,
reach New York, whither the gentlcmanhad gone,
he (Mr. H.) had supposed it would be sufficient
notice to the gentleman to be here in the early part
of the present week. And he (Mr. H.) thought
that he misht properly infer that if the gentleman
did not return as early as the first day of the week,
either that he did not care about remaining, or par-
ticipating in the .settlement of the question. He
(Mr. T-T.) had not supposed there was anything
wrong in the matter—any improper motive. He
had not imputed anything of that kind, nor that
the frentlcman in any manner shrunk from the in-
vestigation. He could not see, therefore, that there
was any disagreement between them.
CONTESTED ELECTION "FROM FLORIDA.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of tins subject.
Mr. HA11PRR made an ineffectual effort to
postpone it, for a reason which the reporter could
not bear.
Mr. AUGUSTUS A. CHAPMAN offered the
following resolution: whieh was adopted:
Resolved* That Willi.nn IT. Brockenhrough, who
contests the seat, of Rdward Carrington Cabell,
have leave to be heard in person at the bar of this
House.
The rending of the report was called for by Mr.
THOM ASSON and others, and the Clerk proceed-
ed^ read it.
Several attempts were made to suspend the read-
ing, wh'ch were ineffectual; and a similarly unsuc-
cessful effort was made by All*. Stephens to sus-
pend it, with a view to move the postponement of
the rfuhjprt. so as to give the members (but few of
whom had read it) an opportunity to lead it for
thf nisclvcf. i
The reports of the majority and minority were j
then severally read. j
[Mr. HAMLIN corrected an error in the tabu- i
lar statement.]
The report of the majority of the committee
concludes with the following resolutions:
Rewired, That K. Carrington Cabell, returned
to this House as a member thereof from the State
of Florida, is not entitled to his seat.
'Resolved, That William H. Brockenbrough is
entitled to a seat in this House, as a Representa-
tive from the State of Florida. ,
And the. report of the minority concludes with |
the following resolution: j
ResolvetU That "William H, BrockenBrough has j
not supported his petition, and that Edward C. 1
Cabell is entitled to his seat in this House. I
Mr. HAMLIN then rose, and addressed the
House in favor of the resolution of the majority of
the committee.
He said thut though, in obedience to the demand
of the House, the report of the committee had been
read, yet he would, for a short time, trespass on
its patience, whilst he called attention to some
facts, and to certain points of law and of evidence
embraced in it. He thought that, so far as the
law, and the evidence applicable to that law, were
concerned, there would he found no disagreement
on the part of the committee. And, in order to
give gentlemen a more clear and definite idea of
the law, and of the case as it was presented, he
would eall their attention, somewhat in detail, to
the facts and the law as they had been already
read, but more succinctly, and in another way, and
probably in a manner that would more clearly ex-
hibit the law as it was, and the evidence as it ap-
plied to that law.
First, then, came the law of the Territory of
Florida, passed in 1843. That law regulated the
mode and the manner of holding elections. It made
it the duty of the county clerks to appoint inspect-
ors of election for the election of Territorial and
county officers. The cleric, after he had appointed
inspectors, received the returns from them in the
various precincts where elections were held. The
law provided fully for the mode and mapner in
which county and Territorial officers should be
clected. It made it the duty of the county clerks
to appoint these inspectors, and to receive returns.
The constitution of the State of Florida provided
that all officers, civil and military, holding office in
the Territory of Florida at the time that constitu-
tion was adopted, should hold over and discharge
their respective duties until other officers, required
bylaw, should have been appointed.
'The law of 1845, passed after Florida became
a State, changed the duty of the county clerks. It
provided that judges of probate should peform the
same duties in the State of Florida that were origi-
nally performed in the Territory by the county
clerks. If the matter had been left there, and there
had been no other law, the case would be perfectly
clear. No question could be raised, because the
law of the State imposed upon the judges of pro-
bate, when appointed, the same duties that hed
been performed by the county clerks. They were
to order elections. The law declared that a Rep-
resentative in Congress should be elected in the
same way and manner as the county officers. If,
therefore, these were the only two laws, there
could be no doubt that the judges of probate in
1845 were the same officers who, under the law of
1843, were to discharge the duties of county clerk.
But in the month of May, 1845, the Legislature
of Florida (before she became a State) passed
another law—a law " to facilitate the admission
of Florida into the Union." The committee were
of opinion that it was a law designed expressly for
that purpose, and none other; and that, after that
event had taken place, it ceased to have any legal
vitality. Indeed, it must be so, because the law
passed in July, 1845, did not refer to the Territorial
law of May, 1845, for there was no provision in
that Territorial law to regulate the mode and man-
ner of electing county officers. The law itself, in
every form, by its caption and its preamble, was a
special law, designed for the .sole purpose of facil-
itating the admission of the Territory as a State
into the Union, and of electing a Representative in
Congress at that time.
ITnder that Inw a Representative was elected.
He resigned. The Legislature met and adopted
the law of July, prescribing the mode and manner
of electing members of Congress—that was to say,
in the same way as county officers; and the judges
of probate were to exercise the same powers a,id
duties that county clerks originally had exercised.
Hence the only conclusion to be drawn was, that
judges of probate were now to appoint inspectors
and to receive returns, and to make these returns
to the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State,
in turn, was to certify the aggregate of votes re-
ceived at his office, within thirty days, to the
Governor; and on that certificate, the Governor
was to issue his commission.
Such was the opinion of the committee.; and it
was believed that, on a careful examination of the
matter, gentlemen on all sides could come to no
other conclusion. Once ho ving arrived at the con-
clusion that the judges of probate were the legal
returning officers, that they were the officers point-
ed out by law, through whom the votes shall reach
the office of the Secretary of State, we might settle
down upon a strict legal principle, that the number
of votes received at his office within thirty days
