224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20.
Sitting member, while the other should be the con-
testant. That man who had a majority of the re-
turns should at least have his seat, and let the other
party become the contestant.
1% t'lus stated briefly the reasons which had
lea his mind to the conclusion to which the com-
mittee had come. He could arrive at no other con-
clusion than that they must either confine them--
selves strictly to the legal returns, and then the con-
testing member was elected, or that tjiey must take
the broader ground, (which was supported by the
precedents of tins House,) and go to the actual state
of the polls, m which case also they could come to
no other conclusion than that the contesting mem-
ber was entitled to the seat.
Mr. CHIPMAN, (a member of the minority of
the committee,) referring to this fact, proposed to
show, in a few remarks, how he had been forced
into this position. Whether the report of what was
called the minority of the committee had sufficient
1 ife and vigor to stand alone, so as to be in a position
to be "lacked" by tile pretended majority, he would
not undertake to discuss. He had no feeling as be-
tween the respective parties in this question. If his
political prejudices could have led lum either way, i
certainly he would have been likely to lie biased in !
favor of the contestant. But in every x ote which he 1
had given in the progress of the investigation, he
liad gone blindfolded as to the consequences—with
110 knowledge us to its influence upon the final re-
sult; and he would here say, that at the time the '
final vote was given which determined this ques- !
tion, he had no knowledge as to what would be its j
consequence; but on the contrary he had surmised
that the effect of it would be to give the. seat on ;
this floor to the contestant. The committee (lie i
said) had proceeded to investigate this case on the, j
principles set forth in a resolution which had been !
drawn up by lum—on the broadest principles of
democratic right—in order to determine, when it ;
should be ascertained which of the parties had re- !
ccived the greatest number of votes, that he was !
entitled to the seat. But he did not understand, in !
enming to this determination, that they were to 1
take anything and everything for evidence; he did
not understand that, m the language of one of the '
committee, they were to receive that which would ;
be considered illegal evidence ill a court of justice,
and which would be rejected; that as they were
s -eking for truth, they luid better take such evidence. •
The committee, in advancing in its investigalion, i
proposed that the contestant and the sitting mem-
ber should submit the evidence on which they !
founded their respective claims. The first paper
offered was the paper No. 1, to which the. honor- l!
able chairman of the committee had alluded. And
here he begged leave to state, that on an inspec- 1
tion of that paper, it would be found that there :
were, no returns in, it, as certified by the Secretary ,,
of State, except returni nutik bij probate j ml a, e-;.
That, might, perhaps, seem a broad assertion, after '
the declaration of the chairman of the comniiUee; ;
but he should attempt to substantiate it. There !
was one return purporting to have been made by
a county clerk, which the Secretary of State had
expressly excepted and rejected. He wished the !■'
House, then, to bear ill mind this fact, that there i,
was no Return in statement No. 1, on which the i.
commission was issued, except returns by judges 1
of probate. :
Mr. A. A. CHAPMAN, (a member of the com-
mittee,) was understood to inquire if the returns '
of the county of Nassau, were not other than by .
iudics of probate ? _ ;
Mr. CHIPMAN". If the gentleman will wait
and hear me through, I will explain the matter ,
fully to the House. He had no particular feeling j
on this subject, (he continued)—none; and not- :
withstanding it had been said by the honorable j
chairman, and by other gentlemen, that the mi-
nority of the committee, as they called it, had ar-
rived at an absurdity in their conclusions, they ,
would see where the ahsuidity lay before he got ,i
through. The gentleman, therefore, he hoped, ''
would keep cool. |
The paper No. 1, he was about to remark, was
offered to the committee by the contestant, and was .
received by them without being objected to by the ,,
sitting member, or by any member of the commit- j,
tee "The next paper (No. 2) purported to be re- ,!
turns made by inspectors of elections directly to ,i
the Secretary of State. The committee had deter- j;
mined that the proper returns were those legally jj
placed in the office of the Secretary of State, and. ,
to which his certificate would give the force of evi-
dence; that these were to be received as good re-
turns, and these alone; and hence that inspectors'
returns were not admissible. The question arose
whether those inspectors, under their official oaths,
could make these returns, and give them, when
backed by the certificate of the Secretary, the force
and effect of legal evidence. The majority of the
committee decided that they were illegal; that the
inspectors hud no right to send up such returns to
the Secretary of State, and, to use the language of
the constitution, that, they were not papers legally
in the possession of the Secretary of State, and,
therefore, that his certificate coulu not give them
the force of evidence. Under this rule of proceed-
ing-, the decision would have given the election to
the sitting member upon the evidence before the
committee; and so it was declared, not by the note
minority of the commit tee, but by the (hen majority
of the committee. Mr. 0. gave the details of the
progress of the deliberations of the committee as
to whether the whole returns in tabular statement
No. 1 should be receixed. He had supposed from
the statements concerning it that the returns had
been made partly by judges of probate, partly by
inspectors or election, <fcc.; but upon examination",
he found the state of the ease the reverse of this,
and that all (lie returns were made by judges of
probate. Lie gave the facts which had led him to
this conclusion, from which it appeared that, for ,
several counties, the returns were made without!
specifying by whom made; and that, after tracing- j
down .some four or five counties returned in this j
way, they came to one, annexe,d to which was the 1
statement of having been made by the judge of pro-
bate: ho thence inferred, and he appealed to gen-
tlemen if this was not a fair rule of construction,
that the respective returns above were made by the
■ same otlieers, viz.: judges of probate. He also re-
ferred to details of fact* in substantiation of the
statement of the report of the minority of the com-
mit ico, ihat one of their number had been directed
to draw up a report, coming to the conclusion that
Mr. C'usuu. was entitled lo Ins seat. Me hod con-
curred in tins order of the then majority; lie had
never been into the eonnniltee since, and he never
would meet ihem again to act on that business.
He stood here to-day the advocate not of the mi-
nority report, but of the majority report. He had
learned since, out of doors, that by the secession
of one of flic majority (on grounds which he stated)
the committee hud subsequently reversed their de-
cision, and thus they who were of the then majority
were now left in the minority.
Mr. OOBJ? rose, for information of the gentle-
man, and remarking that he understood him to say
that m tabular statement Mo, l,on which the com-
mission was issued, wen- included no returns by
inspectors, he wished to know how the gentleman
reconciled his statement with the following pas-
fcjge of ibe report of the minority of the commit-
tee, among whom was found the name of the gen-
tleman, vi/,: 3
" This statement [paper No. 1] the House will
4 perceive includes all the votes returned to the of-
4 fice of the Secretary of Slate at the expiration of
' thirty days, both those returned by inspectors,
' and those returned by judges of probate: count-
4 ing those relumed by the judges alone, the eon-
* testant lias 114 mujonty; counting those returned
'by the inspectors, the" sitting member has 1(55
4 majority; counting all the votes returned by both
' sots of ofnecrs, the sitting member has 51 ma-
'jonty."
Mr. OTIIPMA\r, in reply, stated that thnt. por-
tion of the report proceeded on the assumption of
the now minority of the committee, by which they
claimed that a portion of these returns came from
inspectors.
Mr. COBB. It seems, from the report, that the
unnnrify a^ree to that statement.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I think the gentleman will
fimf, on examining the whole report, that that po-
sition is repudiated by the now minority of the
committee, and that in the passage he has read,
they are tnaiiiig it as the assumption of the now
majority, and not acceding to the correctness of it.
If the report is not. so drawn as to express this '
idea, it oucrlit to have been. i
Mr. COBB. I do not find it, sir. The minor-
ity of the committee do not repudiate this idea; !
but"they expressly recognise it in the extract I 1
have read, and elsewhere.
Mr. CULVER (of the minority of the commit- j
tee—Mr. Chipman still yielding the floor) was un-
derstood to explain that the misapprehension of
the gentleman from Georgia {Mr. Cobb] might
have arisen from the fact that there were two state-
ments marked No. 1.
Mr. COBB inquired if he was to understand
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Colter]
agreed with the gentleman from Michigan, that
the paper No. 1, upon which the commission was
issued, included only the returns of judges of
probate?
Here followed several interrogatories on the part
of Mr. Cobb, substantially repetitions of the one
above given, and replies by Mr. Culver, which
had not reached the point, apparently, satisfac-
tory to Mr. Cobb, when the colloquy was inter-
rupted by
Mr. McGAUGHEY, who remarked that tlie
gentleman from Georgia seemed desirous of sub-
mitting the members composing the minority of
the committee individually to an examination. He
(Mr. McG.) was ready to take his turn; but, as
the gentleman had now the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Ciiifman] under examination, he hoped
lie would finish with him, and then he might after-
wards come to the gentleman from Ne w York and
himself.
Mr. COBB replied that he had not called the
gentleman from New York to the stand; he had
volunteered his testimony ; but he was questioning
the gentleman from Michigan for information upon
this point, being unable himself to reconcile the
verbal statement of the gentleman with the report,
fie should be happy to hear from the gentleman
[Mr. McGaughet] in due time, and would like to
have him undertake to reconcile the statement of
the gentleman from Michigan with the report of
the minority of the committee.
Mr. CHfPMAN, who, during all this time, had
quietly occupied his scat, now resumed the floor.
He repeated the expression of his belief that the
report of the now minority, taken entire, treated
this position, that a portion of the returns in paper
No. ] were by inspectors of elections, as the as-
sumption of the present majority, and that it car-
ried on its face sufficient explanation to satisfy any
gentleman not disposed to be captious, that tabular
statement No. 1 was claimed by the minority to be
composed entirely of judges of probate returns. It
might, be true that this report was not sufficiently
explicit in exhibiting this as the position assumed
by the then minority of the committee; and this
might be the reason why the present minority had
been represented to be in the dilemma of having
reported an absurdity.
Could the committee know the wishes of the
people of Florida * How were they to be made
known ? "Was the committee, ho asked, bound to
receivc papers as evidence which were not duly au-
thenticated ? Must not the facts narrated by both
parties be acted on? If not, both parties must be
defeated, and the election set aside. If both parties
assented to certain facts, why should not such facts
be taken as testimony? No question arose in the
committee as to tabular statement No. 1. It was
not till No. 9 was taken tip, that any difference
arose in the committee. For the purpose of arriv-
ing at the truth, the committee had taken as evi-
dence what was known not to be true. The elec-
tions to Congress were held under the State law.
Was the election to be determined by the returns
of officers who were not acting under the sanction
of an oath ? If the inspectors acted without au-
thority, their returns ought not to be received.
The majority of the committee had considered that
the inspector's return was not evidence. He sub-
mitted that no evidence ought to be taken by Con-
gress which was not sanctioned by an oath; for,
otherwise, there would be no security for the rights
of any one. The committee, it seemed to him,
had jumped at conclusions haphazard. "When
this offset against the votes of the sitting member
was spoken of, he moved a notice in committee for
the parties, in order that the returns of the inspect-
ors might be verified by oath; for it would not
have produced much delay in the case to send to
r iorida for this authentication. But the majority
of the committee overruled this motion. In state-
ment No. 1, a certificate made by the clerk of the
election was, that the electionwas held on the 7th
of October, whereas it was held on the 6th; and
that certificate was rejected as illegal. He repeated
that lie was a little surprised at the manner in which
the minority report had been treated. He was
