THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1846.
New Series....No. 15.
much surprised at the conduct of the majority of
the committee, in a case that caused so much so-
licitude. He would be very happy, if, consistently
•with the obligations imposed upon him, he could
decide in favor of the contestant^ but, on such a
subject, he must divest himself of all prejudice, and
do justice. His motto was, fiat, foistitia, rmt ccb-
• lam—-let justice he done, though the heavens fall.
He protested against the argument of the majority
.of the committee—that is to say, of the falsely
called majority. He was sorry that the chairman
of a dignified committee Had allowed himself to
treat in so discourteous a manner the views of the
minority of the committee. He concluded by pro-
testing against the action of the committee, in seek-
ing evidence through illegal channels. It was a
mew mode, and one that he could not adopt.
^ Mr. S. JONES would be able (he said) to sat-
isfy the gentleman from Michigan as to the cor-
rectness of the course of the majority of the com-
mittee, and especially as to then- decisions upon
No. 1 and No. 2; after which, he hoped the gen-
tleman would agree with him that the contestant
was entitled to the seat. It would be found, by
the caption of No. 1, that it contained the returns
of the judges of probate to the Secretary of State.
.No. 2 contained th& returns made by the inspect-
ors of the election. He proceeded to read portions
of these returns, And to explain their character,
and to argue from them that the contestant was
entitled to the scat,
A.t half-past three o'clock, Mr. .T., without c'on-
cluchn^, yielded the floor to a motion that the
-committee rise; and the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
PXiTITlOJVS,
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate commiltoes:
By Mr. IIENLEV: The petition of James lYTcCutcln-ou
praying compensation for losses sustained dutin« the veju
1818 by General Hopkins's army: refened to the Committer
of Claims. The petition of Caleb Bell, administrator of
Matthew Bell, deceased, late of Indiana, asking Congress to
pay the heirs of said Matthew a balance due at the time of
hi* death, as a drasofm in ttie Rfjiek Hawk cambai< n
■By Mr. POLLOCK: The pntition of William A.Lloyd
and 156 others citizens of Northumberland county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the postmaster at the town of North-
umberland, Pennsylvania, be allowed an annual salary in
lieu of the compensation now received by law—the post
office at that place being a distributing office, and the coin-
^eRf^tion insufficient, &c.
By Mr. LUVVFy: The petition of citizens of New York
praying for the restoration of the duty on soda ash, he. 9
By Mr. J. (i. CHAPMAN: The memorial of James Meada
Jbr remuneration for property lost and destroyed by the en-
emy in the la^t war.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN": The petition of citizens of Mil-
waukie and Washington counties, Wisconsin, for a post-
route from PraivievilJe to Limestone; refeirn! to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of
citizens of'Wgshington county for a harbor and icht-hoiwe
st Sauk harbor, in Wisconsin: referred to the Committee
on Commerce. The petition of citizens of Sheboygan coun-
ty, Wisconsin, for a harbor at Sheboygan: reforied to the
Committee on Commerce. The petition of citizens of Wis-
consin for an appropiiation on load from Milwaukic to
Madison. The petition of citizens of Washington county
for an appropriation on road from Sauk harbor to Dckowa,
in Wisconsin. The petition of citizens of Mihvaukie and
other counties, Wisconsin, for an appropriation on road
from Milwaukic to Fond du Lac.
By Mr. RUSSELL: The petition of Charles Carlwrite, of
Clinton county, New York, tor an increase of pension, &c.:
-referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. JULIUS ROCKWELL: The petition of G. P.
Dehenen, and 19 others, citizens of La Fayette, Onond;iq.i
county, New York, praying that provision may be made for
the settlement of national differences without resort to war.
By Mr. DE MOTT: The petition of citizens of Wajne
county* New York, for improving the harbor at ^ultney-
viile, on Lake Ontario.
By Mr. SAWYER; The petition of 350 citizens of Ohio,
for the completion of the national road in said State; re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. WILLIAM G. BROWN: The memorial of the
&oard ofTradeofthe city of Wheeling, pravinj? Congress
to provide against ih&great delay and danger"attending the
transportation of the^ails of the United States, bj biidff-
inff the Ohio river at Wheeling. Also, the petition of Arch
Woods, and six hundred others, citizens of Ohio counted.
Viiginia, praying Congress to bridge the Ohio river at tolr
city of Wheeling, accompanied with a draught of the pio-
posed bridge.
By Mr. "MORRIS: The petition of John Brookoon, of
Ohio, for a pension.
15
By Mr. J, B. HUNT: Hie petition of Samuel Gregory,
of Michigan, a revolutionary soldier, foY-ftpensiott: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. FICKLIN; The resolutions from the Legislature
of the State of Indiana, for the improvement of the Missis-
sippi, Ohio, and Wabash rivers.
By Mr. MOSELEY: The petition and proofs of Amanda
King, widow of John W. Fox, deceased, tor compensation
for property destroyed at Buffalo duiing the late war with
Great Britain.
By Mr. DODGE : The joint resolution of the Council and
House of Representatives of the Tenitory of Iowa, instiuct-
ing the Delegate in Congress to use his influence in procu-
ring the establishment of an additional land office in said
Territory: referred to the Committee on Public Lands. Al-
so, another joint resolution from the same body instructing
the Delegate m Congress to use his influence in obtaining
an appropriation of $-3,000, to build a bridge over Flint river
in said Territory: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals Also, the petition of Daniel T. Furguson, and one
hundred and sixteen others, citizens of Iowa, praying for an
appropriation of $15,000 for the improvement of the naviga-
ion of Wapsipmccon river: referred fo the Committee 011
Commerce. Also, the petition of P. Piescott, Indian inter-
preter for the United States at Saint. Peter's, praying an
inereasc of compensation: referred to the Committee on
Indian AfTaua.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 21,1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
enclosing a report, showing (he names of clerks
and other persons employed in that department
during the year 1815, together with the several
amounts paid to them, Ac.; also, in lelation to the
employment of extra clerks in that office; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TUliNEY presented the petition of John
A. Rogers, praying compensation for his services
as inspector and examiner of the several land
offices in Alabama and Mississippi; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the, city of New York, praying
the pilot laws passed on the 2d of March, 1837,
may not be repealed, as asked by petition of the
pilots a few days since; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Godfrey
Pattison, for himself and others, merchants in the
city of New York, praying the reimbursement of
certain duties illegally exacted of them by the col-
lector for that port; which was referred to the
Committee oti Finance.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of
Samuel A. Morse, praying to be allowed a credit
for several items rejected by the accounting
officers in the settlement of his accounts as col-
lector for the district of Passamaquoddy in the
State of Maine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
citizens of Portland, New York, praying an in-
crease of the duties on soda ash, barilla, and sal-
soda; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of masters of
vessels engaged in navigation on Lake Erie, pray-
ing an appropriation for the completion and light-
ing pf Cattaraugus harbor; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of the
Long Island Railroad Company, praying that cer-
tain duties paid by them on railroad iron may be
refunded; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of S. D. Duval!, praying for remuneration
for loss of property, and imprisonment by the en-
emy, during the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. .TENNESS presented the petition of Benja-
min Watson, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of Geo.
W. Walton, praying compensation for timber fur-
nished for the erection of a fort at Mandarin, in
the State of Florida, under a contract with an offi-
cer of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of Calvin
Read, for compensation for timber under the same
transaction; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. NILES presented additional documents re-
lating- to the petition ofWm. Pcnnoyer for a pen-
sion^ which were referred to the Committee oh
Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, 'of Louisiana, presented the
petition of the heirs of the late Abner L. Duncan,
praying indemnity for loss by the seizure and con-
demnation of a vessel and cargo, by the United
States brig Saranac, in the year 1827, for an al-
leged violation of the neutrality laws of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPEIGHT stated thatat the time of the ap-
pointment of standing committees, he was placed
upon the Committee on Military Affairs, and the
Committee on Public.Lands, and subsequently on
the Committee on Finance; his health, however,
would not permit him to discharge the duties of
these several committees, and he was therefore un-
der the necessity of asking to be discharged from
the Committee on Public Lands.
No objection being made, Mr. S. was excused.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Chair wasem-
pow cred to fill the vacancy in the Committee on
Public Lands; whereupon
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Chaimers.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a resolution passed
by the Legislature of Arkansas on the subject, re-
ported a bill giving the assent of Congress to a
change of the compact entered into between the
United States and the State of Arkansas, on her
admission into the Union; which was read a first
time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill providing for the adjustment of ail
suspended land claims in the United States and
Territories, without amendment.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill for the relief of Ben-
jamin Adams and others, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a revenue from imports, and to change and
modify existing laws imposing duties on imports,
and for other purposes."
Mr. D. said this bill was reported in pursuance
of a resolution referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a warehouse system for the storage of imported
goods, and authorizing them to report by bill.
The committee did not recommend a new or com-
plex system; but they believed that the objects in
view might be accomplished by a simple amend-
ment of the act of the 30th August, 1842—the tariff
act of that year; the bill had been framed accord-
ingly. It would be printed under the rules of the
Senate; Senators would have an opportunity of
examining the subject with the deliberation its
importance required; and as its provisions would
be fully explained when it should come up for
consideration, he would confine himself to stating
now, as he had done, its general purpose.
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
for tho relief of Orlando Saltmarsh and William
Fuller, accompanied by a report; which -was or-
dered to be printed. The joint resolution was read
a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made a report adverse to the
petition of Zadok Huntley; which was ordered to
be printed.
_ Mr. J. also asked that the Committee on Pen-
sions be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of    Ramsey, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs;
which was ordered, no objection being made.
