228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
notice and of extending the laws of the United
States over the Oregon Territory, and that of ma-
king the preparations necessary to meet that con-
tingency which may arise upon this giving of the
notice, are subjects to be properly considered at
one and the same time. Some Senators may im-
agine, as probably they do, that notwithstanding
the passage of these measures will constitute no
just ground of war, yet Great Britain may think
proper to go to war. Some Senators are willing
to vote five or one hundred millions, the notice
being given, who would not vote a farthing, the
notice being refused. Yet these Senators may be-
lieve—sincerely believe—that the passage of the
notice gives Great Britain no just cause of war;
but she may think otherwise; and therefore, on
the passage of the notice, we ought to prepare for
every contingency that may arise. Well, I think
these measures are part and parcel of the same
thing; for, say what you will, I ask the Senate to
put this question deliberately to itself: Suppose
there existed no controversy about the Oregon
Territory, would this body vote an appropriation
in one year to swell the naval estimates to the
amount of five millions? [A voice: " Five and a
half millions."] I presume not. I presume no
Senator would feel justified in so voting. Well,
then, I put another question: Suppose nothing be
done relative to the Oregon Territory, Great Bri-
tain will en joy all the advantages of our " masterly
inactivity," and she will be content—quite con-
tent—to let things remain as they are : Where-
fore, then, make an appropriation of five millions
and a half to meet an unchanged condition of af-
fairs ? Why make such an appropriation to meet
a contingency that does not exist, and to which
your measures cannot give rise? These are the
two views of the subject which I designed to
present; audi repeat them: If no difficulty arises
between the two countries on the subject of the
Oregon Territory, would any man vote Jive mil-
lions 
Mr. HANNEGAN. Yes, sir, I would.
Mr. ALLEN. Then, sir, you would throw away
the money, and this, after all, is only one vote out
of fifty-four. I ask the other question: If we do
nothing—if we truckle to Great Britain—if we get
on our knees and beg Her Britannic Majesty's par-
don for having dared to agitate the question of our
right to this territory—if we adjourn without doing
anything—are Senators prepared to vote for this
appropriation? There is no danger of any attack
from Great Britain if wc allow her the benefit of
this convention of "masterly inactivity"-—none
whatever. She is content. She has all the benetit
of it. She has her laws there: we have none,.
She has a political jurisdiction there: wc have
none. She has all this under the convention; and
if we let it continue, she will never put an end to
it. She is satisfied with the state of things there.
Well, then, if we do not pass the Oregon bill, what
danger is there of any collision? The measure of
augmenting the national defences was introduced
at the commencement of the session by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
not now in his seat; and the necessity of that aug-
mentation was suggested by the suite of the Ore-
gon question. I want the Oregon measures to pre-
cede appropriation. I do not wish it to be said
that I voted five millions, and came away without
asserting our rights, leaving Great Britain in un-
disturbed enjoyment of the fall benefits of " mas-
terly inactivity."
Mr. FAIRFIELD did not rise to participate in
the discussion, but to make one single remark.
The Senator from Ohio seemed to argue as if the
whole appropriation in this bill was to be spent
unconditionally, under any circumstances, and in
any event. About two millions would be thus ex-
pended, the rest was placed at the discretion of
the President to expend it or not, as the exigences
of the times might require. He made this remark
to show that the question was not necessarily con-
nected with Oregon.
Mr. CALHOUN thej arose, and expressed his
wish that the motion of his friend, the Senator
from Arkansas, would prevail. Whatever micht
be the opinion of the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Allen,] the bill before
them had an intimate connexion with the other
questions now pending. He had heard the debate
with great reluctance, and differed much with the
gentleman from Ohio in his views of the matter,
lie had, however, heard with pleasure the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Haxnegan,] say that he was
for peace. I am (said Mr. Cai.hoot) for peace ;
for peace on honorable conditions. The question
has been reduced to that, and I hope to see it still
more narrowed. I was happy also to hear from
the chairman of the committee that a " masterly
inactivity" would not lead to war, but that the
course he [Mr. Allen] recommended might lead
to war.
Mr. ALLEN. Any Ration can avoid a war by
giving up its rights.
Mr. HAJfTsEGAN observed, he was not, he
thought, the only man there who would vote for
the defence of the country, whether the Oregon
question was before them or not.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. Here is another.
Mr. HAKNEGAN, Yes.he would stake his life
on it, the whole Senate would do it. The Senutor
from Ohio [Mr. Allen] had taken them to tusk
rather irregularly for their action oil measures
which he was pleased to term barren, and at other
times, destitute vfmbsUinct!. Which of the measures
possessed the Mibslance then ?—to place ourselves
m a position to resent mjurv, to strike a blow
against an enemy; or stop at Iris proposed involv-
ing merely a declaration of opinion. Where, he
would ask, was the substance to be found ? Which
of those two courses had it ? lie would vote for
that measure that would establish confidence, und
provide full security for all the inhabitants of the
coa.it and cities; so that when they lay down at
night, whether the dark cloud of war was above
them or not, the stiong arm of their country should
be stretched over them to protect them, lie would
put the country ill a proper state of defence fur
another purpose: he was sick of that windy, wordy
war continually indicted upon them. He was, he
would repeat, sick of it. Should they vote for the
measure they would have fewer speeches looking
towards the Presidency. So long as he held a
seat in that Somite, which he prized more than ally
earthly possession—regaidiug it, as he did, both ill
its organization and piacticc, tin- most august body
the world ever saw—so long as he had a seat there
he would vote in reference, not to the present alone,
but to posterity, a won! almost forgotten while our
vision is so intently fixi d on the five year term; not
looking only to what eileet it might have now,
but to the inquiry as to how it should a ft'cot pos-
terity. That was all he had to say.
Mr. SIMMOIs'S said he was delighted and
instructed with the remarks he had heard fiom
various quarters; at the same, time he could not see
liow they applied to the, question of appropriation.
There were many important measures oil the table,
and he believed the 10th of February was the day
assigned to them; tiiat he thought a sullicieiU rea-
son why they should not bring up another impor-
tant bill on that day.
Mr. ALLKN again rose to make a few remarks
in reply to the Senator fiom Indiana. Jlewasnot
at all offended with his icmarks—regarding them
merely as the etfeet of strong excitenu nt. lint his
friend from Indiana had unfortunately altogether
overlooked the f.iei that the safety of the Oregon
Territory was periled by making the measures dis-
tinct and unconnected. 11c wanted no additional
strength to the Ortgori question by connecting it
with others, lie knew that, in all human proba-
bility, the question of appropriation would affect
Oregon; nay, he would say, ii was impossible it
should lint. He wanlcd them to go together, be-
cause he wanted the Oregon question to succeed.
Before they voted that ap|ii-opiiation, they should
have in view some great object to accomplish, and
that object ought to be the extension of their terri-
tory on the shores of the Pacific. With that ob-
ject in view, they should vote the appropriation,
not that it must necessarily superinduce a state, of
war, but that it miif/ii do so. His friend from In-
diana had foigot his (Mr. A.'s) statement, that he
was not opposed to the appropriation, but wanted
it to be fixed for that day on which the Oregon no-
tice came up. The Oregon notice the Senator would
hardly characterize as a " barren measure." He
thought it had quite as much substance in itas any
other, because it would have all the effect of the
law of the land. So with the bill extending the ju-
risdiction of the laws of the United States over
the Oregon Territory. These measures were not
abstractions; they were substantial; and those
which he meant to promote by the appropriation;
for on that ho thought would mainly depend the
passage of these measures. As to the question !
of war or peace, it was to be viewed in the ordinary
way. There might be war or there might not.
One thing he was sure of—in this question there
could be no cause of war. But what construction
the British Government might put on it was a
question for their consideration, ana one upon-which
Senators might very properly entertain very oppo-
site opinions. The Senator, then, he would say,
did him wrong in saying he (Mr. A.) did not want
the appropriation. He did want it, and he wanted
it in connexion with the measures relating to the
Oregon question. But he would tell his friend
from Indiana that from his.own experience, as well
as his, it had been proved that wc were so consti-
tuted that we could not avoid the influence of local
interests and considerations; and it was by the
operation of this principle that we found sections
of country desiring to exhaust the treasury that
they might be benefited by the expenditures. He
wanted to take advantage of the feeling prevalent
throughout the land on the Oregon question. All
he wanted was, that before they began making ap-
propriations they should contemplate those meas
ures. He had been forced to speak candidly.
There was no difference botween the Senator and
himself but in the mode of doing the thing. He
(Mr. A.) wanted to do it so as to pass those meas-
ures in connexion; the Senator from Indiana wanted
to do it in such a manner as to exclude the Oregon
question.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he thanked his honor-
able friend from Indiana for his views on the ques-
tion. He thought he could follow him in the
course he had marked out for himself in those re-
marks, and take him for the leader. With the
Senator from Ohio he could not agree. He could
not follow that Senator. The honorable Senator
from Ohio said that he wanted the two questions,
viz: the question of appropriation for the defence
of the seaboard, and the Oregon question, discuss-
ed together; or rather, that the Oregon question
should be settled first. That was his candid ex-
planation to the Senate. With equal candor he
(Mr. W.) would tell the Senator that his vote for
any measure that would probably lead to war
would not be given till he saw this bill pass both
Houses of Congress, and the country put in a state
of defence. The honorable Senator from Indiana
had urged all the arguments in favor of this bill
necessary or proper to be advanced on this mo-
tion; he would not reiterate them, in reply to the
candid avowal of the Senator from Ohio, that he
would not vote for this bill till the Oregon notice
had passed, lie would, with equal candor, declare
that he desired the subject of the defence of the
Atlantic and gulf coast to be first settled; and he
would never vote for the notice (avowedly, as it
now was, to be a measure probably leading to war)
until that coast was placed in a proper state of de-
fence by the passage of this bill, and the erection of
necessary fortifications.
The difference between them as to which ques-
tion should be decided first, was one made more
important by the avowal of the Senator from Ohio,
and induced him (Mr. W.) to adhere more firmly
to his opinion, that this bill should be passed at an
early day.
Mr. YULEE did not wish to see the favorable
action of the Senate on the bill jeopardized by any
unnecessary connexion of it with other measures,
the resultof which was as yet altogether problem-
atical. He begged those gentlemen who were
disposed to connect this with a question of war, to
reserve the display of their bellicose propensities
for Great Britain, and not to allow them to inter-
fere with this little domestic measure. He protest-
ed against the application of the principle of "mas-
terly inactivity" to this measure. He did not
mean to discuss the question of war or of notice.
He left that entirely for the " masterly" spirits of
that body. But he did desire that the favorable
attention of the Senate—that the favorable and
hearty support of the Senate, might be given to this
measure, not as a war measure—not as one con-
nected with the Oregon measure—but simply as it
stood upon its own merits as a domestic measure*
connectcd with the interests and security of the
country. Gentlemen were mistaken when they
supposed that the bill provided for an absolute
appropriation of five or six millions. The only
imperath e appropriation was for an augmentation
of the steam marine of the country, at an expense
of one or two millions of dollars; and although i
was not admissible for him to advert to proceed
