1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
229
ings which took place in committee, he begged
leave to say to the honorable chairman of the Naval
Committee, in reply to so much as he had thought
proper to allude to, that he (Mr. Y.) for his own
part at least, was governed in his advocacy of this
bill by a regard to principles of economy, and of
permanent necessity. He had taken some pains
to examine the naval statistics of the country for
the last ten or twenty years, and to his utter as-
tonishment he had found, by tables prepared from
official reports, that in a list of all the vessels built
for the navy within the last twenty years, and in
another list of all vessels built within the last ten
years, the cost of repairs actually amounted to with-
in a few hundred thousand dollars of a sum equal to
the original expenditure for their construction ! To
his utter amazement, he had found that, within
three years after the completion of a vessel of war,
the sum of §75,000 over the original cost has been
expended for repairs—repairs rendered necessary
in consequence of the defective, although extrava-
gant, manner in which the vessel had been built,
under the present bad system at the public yards,
or by the liability of the materials to decay. Now,
the bill proposed two points, addressing them-
selves to tne economical propensities of gentlemen;
which were, he trusted, quite as strong as their
warlike propensities. It proposed that these ves-
sels should be built by contract, in order that the
mechanics of the country, who help to sustain the
public defences, should have a fair chance of en-
tering into successful competition for the execution
of tins department of the public work, and in order
that the cost may be as reasonable as good mate-
rials and good workmanship will allow. By such
a system millions would be annually saved, instead
of being squandered under the present system,
which actually gave a premium to slovenly mid
lazy execution of the work. Again: It was proposed
by the bill to add a class of vessels to the navy
which could be put into service or not, just as cir-
cumstances demanded. Bat he would not aslt for a
favorable consideration of the bill, were it not that
the public necessity called for the proposed in-
crease of the navy. The navy, it was true, was
large enough and cosily enough; but it did not con-
sist of that material which the present necessities
of the country required. Located as he himself was,
immediately on the Mexican gulf, and on a most
important point, he had, for the last three or four
years, felt bound to interest himself in the subject
of the defences of that great sea—a sea upon the
security of which depended the safety of the whole
rich valley of the Mississippi, and a vast portion
of the South, approachable, as it was, from the
bordering islands of other nations. But what had
been done to secure the defence of that sea ? While
millions upon millions had been expended north of
the capes of the Chesapeake, the seaboard south of
that point had been almost altogether neglected.
And when he spoke of that, it was not at all with
any sectional feeling, or with any views of mere
sectional interest; butmainly to call the attention of
the country to the simple fact. That part of the
country was in a quite defenceless state. It might
have been otherwise. But they had gone on im-
proving the navy-yards north of that line, upon
which there had been expended millions, whilst the
navy-yard of Pensacola, one of the means of defence
of that gulf, had received, since its establishment,
appropriations to the amount only of $800,000—
one half of which sum was never expended upon
it; and why not? By the official reports it ap-
pears that the money was transferred from that
locality and expended in other parts of the coun-
try. What was the condition of their fortifica-
tions at the mouth of the gulf—which is, in fact,
the mouth of the Mississippi river? After years
and years of appeal against the system of the
"War Department, and as a matter of special fa-
vor, last year the small sum of $50,000 was con-
sented to be appropriated to commence works
there; but which, after the lapse of twelve months,
has not yet been applied for that purpose; the
commencement of the works being still delayed on
some flimsy pretext. Without either a navy-yard
on the gulf at which a long-boat may be repair-
ed—without fortifications to defend the mouth of
the gulf—with British islands bordering the mouth
of that strait, at which have been collected mate-
rials of war sufficient to last five years—with steam-
ers plying there having cannon as ballast, and
British naval officers as passengers, ready, at any
time, to take command, the condition of the na-
tional defences in that important locality might
be readily imagined. They had no vessels m
the navy of that description which were adapted
for efficient service in defence of the gulf. What,
then, was wanted? The addition to the navy
of steam vessels, that by their light draught
of water would be suited for the shallow wa-
ters of that sea, and at the same time con-
structed on such principles of propulsion as
would enable them to speed hastily from one
position to another as emergency required. Re-
garding this, then, as a necessary measure, not
with reference to war, but as a proper and per-
manent provision for the defence of a portion of
the country now entirely defenceless, he considered
that the bill was justly entitled to the favorable con-
sideration of the Senate. On the other grounds to
which he had alluded—the economical and efficient
system which the bill sought to introduce—it was
entitled to consideration. One of the great princi-
ples on which its provisions were founded, was, that
the vessels should be built by contract. By that
system the cost of construction would be reduced
one-half. And the bill also provided for the aug-
mentation of the naval force, by constructing ves-
sels of such material as were not liable to decay.
They would not be obliged to expend in continual
repairs, in the course of a few years, a sum equal to
the original cost of construction. The vessels pro-
posed to be built would not become entirely useless
m ten or fifteen years. Ho begged, then, that the
Senate would recur to the question particularly be-
fore them—that the gentleman from Arkansas will
withdraw his motion. lie would prefer, likewise,
that the motion to take it up as catly as Tuesday
next be withdrawn also, and that the bill would be
allowed to take its course, l'ut whatever course
was taken by the Senate, he would protest against
the bill being classed as a war measure, or thrown
into the trail of the Oregon question. He did
not see the propriety of the reason advanced
by his friend from Ohio. He believed that he
might, with all due deference to him, [Mr. Allen,]
be permitted to attribute his remark, and, indeed,
he might say, with propriety, his imputation upon
honorable Senators on that floor, to the same cause
to which lie [Mr. Ai.i.km] had attributed the re-
marks of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Han.ve-
gan]—a somewhat over-excited imagination. He
would ask him, did he [Mr. Allen] really believe
that any Senator could possibly, on a question in-
volving the peace and destiny of the country, be
influenced by so low a motive as a selfish jealousy
with regard to tlie share which his section of the
country might have in the expenditure of the pub-
lic money? Let him tell the gentleman from Ohio
that the thrust which he made struck at his own
friends in the West; and why so ? It was a west-
ern measure, made so by the bill specifying the ma-
terials to be employed—which provision had been
introduced for the very purpose, among others, of
securing the construction of these vessels for the
western people and the western waters. But let
him ask the honorable gentleman, as a friend of
Oregon—as a friend of notice—as one desirous that
the country should assume an attitude of manly re-
soluteness, which will secure to it the right position
in the further prosecution of this question with
Great Britain—let him ask him whether he [Mr.
Allen] was prepared to go forward with the notice,
which lie thinks may lead to war, in one hand, and
in the other the petty, the Lilliputian provision of
three steam frigates and five smaller vessels. Was
that the preparation which the gentleman from Ohio
would make? Was he indeed willing to make
this a war question, and present to Great Britain
the vast provision of three frigates and five sloops ?
No I If there is to be war, throw open the Ameri-
can treasury—not the public treasury alone, but
the private coffers of all our countrymen—to pro-
cure the necessary means, naval and military, for
the prosecution of a vigorous, and, therefore, suc-
cessful war. He trusted, in conclusion, that the
propositions would be withdrawn, and that they
would be permitted to act on the bill in the ordina-
ry course of legislation, when it came up on the
calendar for examination; or if not withdrawn,
that the earliest day would be adopted.
The question being demanded,
The PRESIDENT stated that it would be taken
first upon the motion of the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Sevier,] to postpone the consideration
of the bill to the 10th of February, that being the
longest time asked.
Mr. ALLEN asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr, WEBSTER said that he was disposed to
consult the wishes of the committee who had
charge of the bill. If the honorable chairman of the
committee said he desired to take up this subject
on Tuesday next, he would vote for it; but if it be
a matter of immaterial consideration with him, it'
then appeared to him (Mr. W.) that the motion
should be withdrawn, as it was, after all, only a
matter of seven days.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said that a day or two would
make no difference to him personally, but he was
desirous that the bill should be considered oh some
day pievious to the tenth of February, not wishing
it to be made a part and parcel of the other ques-
tions (Oregon notice, &c.) which had been made
the special order for that day, and he was there-
fore not disposed to withdraw his motion.
The yeas and nays were then called upon the
motion made by Mr. Sevier, and resulted yeas 19,
nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Archer, Bag
by, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Bright, Calhoun,
Cameron, Corwin, Crittenden, Evans, Jenness,
Niles, Pennybacker, Sevier, Speight, and Tur-
ney—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Barrow,
Chalmers, J. M. Clayton, Dayton, Dickinson,
Dix, Fairfield, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington,
Jarnogin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louis-
iana, Lewis, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons,
i Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, Westcott, Wood-
! bridge, and Yulee—26.
I So the motion was not agreed to.
The question being then taken on the motion of
Mr. Fairfield to postpone the consideration of
the bill to Tuesday next, resulted in the affirmative
without a division.
POST ROUTES IN TEXAS.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the previous order of
the day be postponed, and that the Senate take up
for consideration the bill to establish certain post
routes in Texas, and for other purposes; which
was agreed to.
The bill was then read a second time, consider-
ed as in committee of the whole, and amended to
read as follows;
A BILL establishing certain post routes.
Br it enacted by the Senate and Rome of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
there be, and is hereby, established a post route from New
Orleans, in the State of Louisiana, along the gulf coast, to
Galveston, thence to Velasco, to Matagorda, to Pass Aran-
sas, and to Corpus Christi, in Texas, by land or water, as
the Postmaster Ceneral may deem expedient; that a post
route be also established from Galveston to the city of
Houston, thence to Montgomery, to Washington, to Inde-
pendence, to La Grange, to Bastrop, and thence to the city
of Austin; from Galveston, via the nity of Houston, San
Felipe do Ausun, La Grange, and Bastrop, to Austin; and
that it be the duty of tlie Postmaster General to contract
for eanying the mail on said routes as soon as can eonve-
mently tie done after the passage of this act. Also the fol-
lowing routes: from Fulton, in the State of Arkansas, via
Boston, Clarttsville, Bonham, and Falls of the Brazos, to
Austin; from Natchitoches, via Sabinetown, Nacogdoches,
Crockett, and Washington, to LaGrange; from Shreveport,
in the State of Louisiana, via Pulaski, to Nacogdoches;
from Velasco, via Brazoria, Texana, Victoria, and Goliad,
to Wan Antonio dp Bexar; riom the city of Houston to Ro-
bin's Ferry; from Austin to St. Antonio de Bexar.
The bill being reported to the Senate, the amend-
ments were concurred in, and the bill, as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate pro-
ceeded into Executive session; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were opened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 21, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of the contested election from
Florida. ,
Mr. SEABORN JONES was entitled to the floor,
but yielded on the request of—
Mr. HAMLIN, who asked leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the case
of Samuel H. Morse.
Ordered accordingly.
On motion of Mr. fclNG, of Massachusetts, it
was
