230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
Ordered, That the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Mr. Taylor, on the Committee on Ac-
counts, be supplied.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked and obtained
leave to offer the following resolution; which was
read for information, and lies over one day by the
rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the quantity, in-
voice value or cost, amount of duties actually paid,
the rate of duty, and the equivalent ad valorem
duty per cent, of all articles, both free or dutiable,
imported into the United States during the year
ending the 30th January, 1845.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked leave at this
time to give a notice.
Mr. CULVER objected.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications;
A letter from the Secretary of the Wavy, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of the 36th
August, 1842, and a resolution of the House of the
I3tn instant, a statement showing the names of
clerks and other persons employed in this depart-
ment daring the year 1845, with the time each
person was actually employed, the sum paid, and
the residence of each at the time of his appoint-
ment; which letter and statement were laid upon
the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Wavy, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 13th of January
instant, a report in relation to the ship canal at and
near the Ship island, in the Gulf of Mexico, off the
coast of Mississippi; which letter and report were
laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in compliance witli an act of May 1st,
1820, a statement of the appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30th, 1845;
which letter and statement were laid upon the table.
CONTESTED ELECTION PROM FLORIDA.
The House resumed the consideration of this
case.
The report of the majority of the committee con-
cludes with the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Edward C. Cabell, returned to
this House as a member thereof, from the State of
Florida, is not entitled to his seat.
Resolved, That W. H. Brockenbrough is en-
titled to a seat in this House, as a Representative
from the State of Florida.
The report of the minority concludes with the
following resolution:
Resolved, That William H. Brockenbrough lias
not supported his petition, and that Edward C. Ca-
bell is entitled to his scat in this House.
Mr. S. JONES resumed and concluded his re-
marks (commenced yesterday) in vindication of
the result at which a majority of the committee had
arrived, and in support of the position he had as-
sumed, that the contestant [Mr. BnocKENBROticii]
had the largest number of votes, and was entitled
to his seat. In doing this, Mr. J. entered into a
minute examination and comparison of the tabular
statements of votes accompanying the report of the
committee, and of which a report could scarcely
be made intelligible to the general reader.
Mr. McGAUGHEY, a member of the commit-
tee, followed m favor of the minority report. Ho
contended that there was not'evidence, enough be-
fore the committee to satisfy the minds of any im-
partial man that either of the two gentlemen was
elected; but he thought that the onus of proof was
upon the the contestant, [Mr Brockenbrough,]
and that the commission of the Governor ought to
protect the sitting member in his place, until such
time as the contestant should bring evidence to
show that he himself had a majority of all the
leo-al votes. He (Mr. McG.) did not mean to lie
understood as insisting that Mr. Cabell was elect-
ed; but he meant to say that there was as little
evidence that the other gentleman was elected.
Mr. CHASE, also a member of the committee,
next obtained the floor. After deprecating the feel-
in" which had been manifested on the part of the
members of the committee, which he regretted be-
cause he said the question was purely a legal ques-
tion for the decision of the House, he proceeded to
examine the laws of Florida for the purpose of as-
certaining who the proper returning officers were.
The decision to which his own judgment had
brought him was,'that the returns of judges of pro-
bate were the correct returns; that where there was
no judge of probate the county clerk was the au-
thorized officer; and that all other returns ought
to be rejected. In this way he had arrived at die
same conclusion, though by a different course of
reasoning, as that at which the majority of the com-
mittee had arrived—that Mr. Brockenbrough was
entitled to his seat.
Mr. C. also adverted at some length to the pro-
ceedings in committee; and gave way for incidental
explanation to Mr. Chifman.
Mr. SIMS spoke briefly in advocacy of the pro-
priety of sending back for further evidence before
they came to the decision of the case, especially as
there was one county and certain precincts the
returns from which hud not been received. He
adverted to the importance of the question, as con-
nected with the right of the elective franchise, and
considered the evidence at present before the House
and the committee insufficient to counterbalance
the prima fuck evidence, of the right of the sitting
member as exhibited in his commission, bearing
the great seal of the State, and in the returns on
which it issued. He concluded his remarks by
offering the following substitute for the resolutions
of the committee:
'' Whereas the returns from all the election pre-
' eincts in the State of Florida have not been re-
' cetved, and it is absolutely necessary to a just and
' proper decision in the case of the. contested elec-
' don from that State that all the returns of all the
' votes taken in said election shall lie received be
( fore, a final vote of the House is taken: tliere-
' lore,
" Resolved, That the ease of the contested elec-
' tion from the State of Florida, now before the
' House, be, recommitted to the Committee of lilec-
'tions, in order that the. evidence of all the returns
' from all the election precincts of said State may
' be. received and reported to the House.
" Resolred, That the contestants in said case !
' have leave to take testimony touching the said |
' returns and election, <;iv ing to each other respcct-
' ively due notice thereof." I
No gentleman rising, the question was about to |
be taken, when— I
Mr. HAMLIN rose and said, lie. should move I
cither to postpone the question, or be should move 1
a call of the House, as the House was very thin at i
this time. |
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House, but sub- j
sequently withdrew it.
Air. HAMLIN, in reply to the remark of Mr.
Sims, that there, was no evidence that all the returns
fVom Florida were received, said, while it was true
that it was stated by the respective parlies before
the committee that there was one county from
which no returns had been received, the gentleman
should have been frank enough to have stated that
it was also said by one of the parties that there had
been no election m this county. He agreed with
the gentleman m his statement that there were, one
or two precincts from which the returns had not
been made, but were understood to give a majority
for Mr. BRocKr.N'intocon.
The question was again propounded upon the
amendment of Mr. Sims, when—
Mr. ADAMS rose, and inquired of the Speaker
if there, was not a vote of the House that the con-
testant should be heard ?
The SPEAKER replied that there was, if the
gentleman chose to avail himself of it.
Mr. ADAMS said the question presented itself
to his mind, whether the vote should be taken un-
til the contestant had been heard.
Mr. SIMS said he did not wish it to be taken
until the centleman was heard.
The SPEAKER said the question was still oppn
for discussion; the motion of the gentleman from
South Carolina was a mere motion to amend, and
the amendment did not cut off debate, but, if pos-
sible, rather enlarged the range of it.
Mr. ADAMS would then inquire whether it
would not be proper for the House to hear the con-
testant and the sitting member on their respective
claims as they now stood before the House, before
coming to the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina? For his own part, he thought they
should be heard as the case now stood.
Mr. SIMS said, if either of the parties wished to
be heard on the original proposition, he would
withdraw for the present his amendment.
The SPEAKER repeated, that the gentleman^
proposition did not cut off discussion, but that it
rather enlarged the range of it. Either of the par-
ties could be heard as the question now stood.
After a further remark by Mr. Adams on this
point—
Mr. CABELL rose, not to discuss the question
at present, but to correct a misapprehension which
might have arisen from the remarks of the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] that there was no evidence that all the votes
had not been given. The gentleman would re-
member, he thought, if he taxed his memory a
little, that the contestant admitted that there were
no returns from St. Lucie, and said he had a letter
from a friend stating that he had a majority of all
the votes there cast. He (Mr. C.) made the as-
sertion, with all the responsibility that attached to
him as a gentleman, that there were elections in
other precints from which no returns had been re-
ceived by the Committee of Elections. With
reference to St. Lucie, he could not say on hi 
uivn knowledge; but he appealed to gentlemen of
the committee for the fact that it was admitted by
the contestant that there was an election in St.
Lucie. At all events, there was no proof that no
election was held there; the probability was, that
there was an election held.
Mr. HAMLIN agreed very nearly with the
gentleman from Florida; but he differed with him
oil one point. He recollected that the gentleman
had suggested to the committee that there was one
county 'ft om which no returns had been made; and
that, in the same conversation, Mr. Broc.ken-
muK'Gii replied, that there was no election held in
that county; and such was the understanding to
which he (Mr. H.) supposed both parties came.
At the same time, it was remarked by the sitting
member that there were other precincts from which
there were no returns; and, m reply to that, the
contestant said he had letters from his friends,
saying that these same precincts gave him a ma-
jority. This was his recollection of the ease.
Mr. HARPER (of the minority of the commit-
tee) was understood to sustain the recollection of
Mr. Cabell upon this point.
Mr. SCHENCK briefly stated his views of the
propriety of sending back the matter for further
proof, inasmuch as there was no clear showing on
the part of the contestant that he had received a
majority of the votes legally given in the State of
Florida, inasmuch as both parties believed there
wore counties or precincts which had not been
heard from, and inasmuch as, of other countica
and precincts which had been heard from, the re-
turns were irregularly made, and should not be
rcc cived.
Mr. GRAHAM was expressing his opinion of
the propriety of both parties bemg heard, when,
being informed that Mr. Brockenbrough was en-
deavoring at the time he had risen to obtain the
floor, he yielded to that gentleman; but before Mr.
Brockenbrough had addressed the Chair,
Mr. CABELL rose, and moved the suspension
of the hour rule in the ease of the gentleman's
spocch.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend.
Mr. DOBBIN moved an amendment, so as to
suspend the rules also in regard to the remarks of
the sitting member, [Mr. Cabell.}
Mr. T1BBATTS and other gentlemen raised the
point of order, whether the motion to suspend, as
going to change one of the standing rules of the
House, could be acted upon without one day's
notice.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to sus-
pend was in order, and could be carried by a vote
of two-thirds, as the rule requiring one day's no-
tice, in case of a motion to change the rules, could
itself be suspended, as well as the other rules.
The question then recurring on the motion to
suspend,
Some conversation arose, in which Messrs.
SCHENCK, ADAMS, C. J. INGERSOLL, and
other gentlemen participated, upon the point wheth-
er the one-hour rule would apply to the contestant,
as not being a member of the House.
The SPEAKER stated, that by reference to the
Journal, it was found that, in the last Congress,
[in the case of Mr. Botts and the late Speaker, Mr.
Jones,] both parties were confined in their remarks
to the hour-rule; and that although the rule would
not strictly apply to Mr. Brockenbrough, in con-
