232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
was referred to the Committee on Indian Aflairs,
and the resolution now before the Senate was the
response made to it. He was aware that they
had a work containing all the Indian treaties made
before 1837; but the treaties themselves, as con-
tained m that work, did not give the information
which the Committee on Indian Affairs desired.
It was true, that by turning to the work, and to
the several treaties with the various tribes, they
could get, information; but the first object which
the committee had in view was this: that every
treaty made with the several tribes should follow
each other, and thus avoid the disconnexion
which now existed. The second object was,
that there should be a tabular statement, showing
what sums had been paid to the several tribes from
time to time, the amount of stocks, and annuities.
He was apprised that immense sums of money
had been paid to the Indian tribes, and that it had
almost all been expended by way of annuities.
Few would believe what a large amount luid been
paid in the shape of annuities to tribes of Indians
which were almost extinct. The information
called for by the resolution, if obtained, would
greatly aid the Committee on Indian Allaire in the
consideration of the business referred to it from
year to year. Although it would be expensive to
publish a work of this description, lie believed the
facilities thus afforded to the committee, for sever-
al reasons, would ultimately be a saving to the
Government. The committee, had directed him,
with this view, to report the resolution now under
consideration. The object was not to have a gen-
eral history of the, various tribes, but only so far
as to show the connexion between them and the
United States since the revolutionary war. The
language of the resolution did not call for, nor did
it embrace, the speeches made by the negotiators
of the treaties, and the eloquent responses of the
Indian orators. They had passed to the pages of
history, and had been made the subjects of song.
It was to ascertain when the treaties were made,
how much land had been acquired, how much
money had been invested in stocks,&c. The reso-
lution precluded the introduction of fancy and fic-
tion by way of embellishment, and was explicit
as to what was required. He had no particular
desire that the phraseology should be retained; if
Senators wished anything more specific, he should
vote for it.
Mr. CASS said, that in the answers to inquiries
made in 1839 and '40 would be found almost nil
the information called for by tlusiesolution. There
was a detailed report of our intercourse with the
various tribes, annuities paid, lands purchased, and
lands ceded. He would merely suggest that the
resolution be modified in accordance with this fact,
as, in its present shape, the infoimation called for
could only be furnished at a heavy cost to the
Government.
Mr. SPEIGHT asked for the reading of the res-
olution as it was proposed to be amended by the
Senator from Vermont, and it was again read;
when
Mr. BENTON remarked that there were three
distinct subjects embraced in the resolution. One
of them related to stocks belonging to the Indians,
and how much money had been invested. It was
proper they should have a full report on this sub-
ject; and he concurred heartily with the Senator
from Tennessee, that they should have as ample
returns as they could obtain. The next was the
purchase made of the Indians, and the amounts
paid them; this information was obtained, in the
fullest form, on his motion, four or five years ago.
If they now called for it again, they would merely
get a copy of one of their own documents. There
was not much necessity for that. In respect to
the first part of the resolution, he objected to it.
He was opposed to employing persons to write
histories, for he believed all our papers were teem-
ing with all sorts of information that everybody
had ever dreamed of. He believed that the gro-
cers—not to speak of the trunk-makers, who had
enjoyed the prerogative time out of mind—and the
dry-goods merchants, were now supplied, by the
pound, with the printed matter of Congress. When
he first came to Congress, documents were sold for
four cents a pound to the grocers and dry-goods
merchants. The market became glutted, and the
price then fell to two cents. The servants employed
about the Capitol, whose perquisites the surplus
documents were, had complained of this fall in the
price. For their benefit, he hoped there would be
a less number printed, so as to re-establish the
former rate of value.
[Several Senators inquired, " What is the price
now?"!
Mr. BENTON said he did not know. But he
was certain that the public documents had so much
depreciated in value, that they had been at last
made use of as wrapping-paper. Yes, sir, they
had become an article of export, and still the price
could not be kept up above two cents per pound.
He suggested a modification of the latter part of
the resolution, but repeated that he was against the
first, for the reasons which he had already stated.
Mr. JARNAG1N had no objection to the reso-
lution lying on the table fur the present. The word
history was not intended in an unlimited sense by
the committee. It was not intended to sanction
the introduction of any extraneous matter. It was
high lime that wc had the information relative to
Indian affairs which the resolution called for. He
regretted the ftill in the price of public documents,
an evil which could not be increased by this reso-
lution, which would require the information asked
for to be compressed in a volume something like
the Revised Code. I le had not called up this reso-
lution, but, he repeated, that an answer to the reso-
lution would save much expense, by obviating, ill
a great degree, the frequent calls upon the depart-
ment. As hi the phraseology of the resolution he,
did not care; if it were not art eptable to Sensuous,
he would be happy to hear lrom them suggestions
of amendment.
Air. DICKINSON said that, a year ago, lie in-
troduced a resolution of inquiry oti this subject;
but it had been so long since, that it had almost
passed from his mind. 1 le believed that the. reso-
lution, as olfcied, did not embrace the. amount of
money invested in stocks. It was designed more
as a matter of inqmrv, and was not pressed on the
Senate; but at the time, according to his recollec-
tion, it was laid on the table, for future action, as
there was some reason for believing that the his-
tory to which allusion had been made was partially
imperfect. The object was to supply any ascer-
tained deficiency, and not to encourage book-ma-
king; for no one was more opposed to congressional
book-making tlnm he. lie concurred in the views
expressed by the Senatoi from Missouri us to the
abuse to w hi< h he had alluded; but the lemaiks
were as applicable to one document as to another.
Stone planted thiring the. last session were found
under the counter. The observations vveie good,
but should not be viewed us general in their applica-
tion. Gentlemen ofscieme had made valuable re-
ports, which were ortleied to be. printed; but if
members of Congress placed no more estimate upon
them than to sell them by the pound, they ought
to be privileged to do so. Valuable documents,
however, ought not to be withheld from the people.
He believed that our relations with the Indian
tribes had been placed in a false light by Govern-
ments abroad and by philanthropists at home; and
his object was, to show that this interesting people
had been treated with great kindness by our Gov-
ernment : therefore, his design was, not to present
a one-sided or patlial statement, but a connected
history from the Revolution to this moment, ex-
hibiting the exact relations between the United
States and this unfortunate lace. If the resolution
went beyond this, he had no objection to its being
circumscribed; it would be very easy to amend it.
He hoped the resolution would receive the consid-
eration of the Senate. He had submitted the in-
quiry which had given rise to it from no wish to
allow any one to figure m tins matter—to make
books or worthless documents; and he would be
well contented it any disposition should be made
of it.
Mr. BENTON. Let it lie on the table.
The resolutions were then laid on the table for
the present.
PERSONAL AM) EXPLANATORY.
Mr. ALLEN here rose, and said that he de-
sired to ask the indulgence of tne Senate to make
a correction of what he conceived to be a material
error m the lemarks of Senators yesterday, as re-
ported in the papers of the day. The remarks of
one of the Senators—the Senator from South Car-
olina—as reported, concluded thus : " I was hap-
< py, also, to hear from the chairman of the com-
' mittee that a ' masterly inactivity' would not. lead
' to war, but that the course he [Mr. A.] recom-
' mended would lead to war." In the remarks of
the Senator from Florida, as reported, he found
this sentiment: " Let him ask himself [Mr. A.J
' whether he was prepared to go forward with the
'notice, which he says will lead to war,''&c.-
Now he (Mr. A.) desired to say that he made, no
such declarations as were ascribed to him in the re-
marks of Senators, as reported in the newspapers. It
seemed important, in view of every interest, that
he (Mr. A.) should be distinctly understood on
this subject, and therefore he wished to explain
what he did say. He said that he did not believe,
and that no Senator on that floor, so far as he
could understand, did believe, that in the measures
proposed relative to the Oregon territory, there
would be any just cause of war on the part of
Great Britain. That was one statement. The
other statement was, that notwithstanding they
were all of that opinion, yet they were dividfed in
opinion—if he could judge of the sentiments ex-
pressed by Senators who had spoken—as to the
probability of Great Britain viewing these meas-
ures as they did, or the reverse. They differed
as to the probability of Great Britain viewing these
measures in the one light or the other; and there-
fore Senators might very justly differ upon the
question as to the probability of the occurrence of
the contingency of war. That was what he said.
He expressed no opinion as to what course Great
Britain would pursue; but he did express his opin- •
| ion that she would find in their legislation no just
! cause for war. What construction she might deem
| proper to put upon our legislation—what course
| she might think herself justified in pursuing, was.
! a matter which he could not undertake to solve,
I and on which he then expressed no opinion. But
whilst up, he would express an opinion. He
would say this: that he did not believe—(all other
matters out of consideration—other state reasons
thrown out of the connexion)—he did not believe
that Great Britain would go to war solely and ex-
clusively for the possession of Oregon, and there-
fore our measures in reference to Oregon will not
only afford her no just ground of war, but will not
lead to war, without she had other state reasons-
for desiring a conflict with the United States.
He (Mr. A.) deemed it proper, in view of all
the interests concerned, to make this statement.
WUhoxtt pretending or designing to cast any censure
anywhere, be deemed it right and proper, and even
necessary, in view of all concerned, to make this
expTanatton.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise simply with reference
to the remarks of the Senator applicable to what I
said yesterday. I did not hear the Senator read-
the extract from the report, as I then happened to
be behind the chair. Will he read it again.
Mr. Allen read the extract already given.
Mr. CALHOUN. My expression was " might
occur," not "would occur."
A Senator, (whose name we did not learn,) asked;
What paper do you read from ?
Mr. ALLEN. The "Union." _
Mr. YULEE inquired whether, in speaking of
the Senator from Florida, the Senator from Ohio
had reference to him ?
Mr. ALLEN. Yes.
Mr. YULEE had then only to remark, that he
felt himself warranted in the inference that the
Senator from Ohio did expect that war would re-
sult from giving the notice—at all events that he
deemed that that would be a probable result of the
notice being given by this Government. That in-
ference he felt justified in drawing, from the fact
that the Senator was willing, only on the contin-
gency of the passage of that resolution, directing
the President to give notice of the termination of
the joint occupancy under that convention, to vote
for the proposed increase of the navy, and did re-
gard that bill as a war measure. He had no doubt
that the gentleman would regard him (Mr. Y.) as
warranted iji drawing the inference that he did ex-
pect war as a probable, or at all events a very pos-
sible, contingency to result from the passage o£ the
Oregon resolution; else he [Mr. Allen] would not
have been willing to make the appropriation asked
for, with a view to increase our naval force contin-
gent on the passage of that resolution, and thus
given it the aspect of a war measure. He (Mr.
Y.) was endeavoring to resist the assumption by
the gentleman that this was a war measure, He
hod thus stated the grounds on which he had drawn
his inference, and if he were wrong, he would be
very glad to be set right by the gentleman.
Mr. ALLEN. Sir, I care nothing for your in-
