234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 22,
trustee; the party beneficially interested—the peo-
P'e—remain as before, and their interests remain
untouched.
Why, sir, what contract does this order for dis-
tribution violate? If it violates no contract, it
violates no vested right. What contract was there
with the members of the last Congress for these
books? What did they give for them? A mem-
ber has a contract for §8 per day; this cannot be
taken away: did he come here under any contract
to receive any thing more by way of compensation ?
Certainly not. What contract is there, then, that
the constitutional provision interposes to protect?
I can see none whatever. There is no contract,
then; and there is no law under which the position
can be maintained, because the order is not in the
shape of a law; it is a rale, or order of this House.
It is not a vested right under a law, because, to be
such, it would have required the action of all the
brandies of the Government to make the law.
But here this was not the case; only this House
acted in making the order; it was not a law, there-
fore; it was but an order, and does not come at all
within the alleged operation of the constitutional
protection. Tile resolution, in fairness and jus-
tice, ouirht to pass, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. JOSEPH II. INGERSOLL replied brief-
ly to the remarks of Mr. Thompson, contending
that this was a high and sacred trust, which should
not be violated by this House without very strong
reasons. And he referred to the statement of the
Clerk as to what had been the unanimous practice
and usage of the House in such cases.
Mr. SCHENCIC opposed the resolution, as well
on the arguments of courtesy, convenience, and
common justice, as of the precedent which its
adoption would establish. The course of proceed-
ing was one which would effect this object—that
any odium attached to voting appropriations of
money to print documents by one Congress would
attach to that Congress, whilst another Congress,
shrinking from the responsibility of making the ap-
propriations, would take to themselves the books.
Mr. S. ofl'ered the following as a substitute for
the resolution offered by Mr. Thompson:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of
Captain Fremont's Report be printed for the use of
the members of this House; and that the resolu-
tion of the 13th of January instant, proposed by
this House, in relation to said report, be rescinded".
Mr. SAWTELLE rose to inquire, for his own
information and for the information of the new
members of this House, whether any member of
the last Congress had sold or disposed of his poi-
lion of these reports; and whether any order had
been drawn upon the Clerk to deliver them to any
book store in Washington'
Mr. RATHBUN rose, he said, to inquire wheth-
er the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Sawtbllf-1 had
received any information of that character which
was to be relied upon?
Mr. SAWTELLE. I have.
Mr. RATHBUN. Then move for a committee
t,o investigate the facts, and report them to this
House.
Mr. 'SAWTELLE. I suppose the Clerk is
prepared to give the information.
Mr. RATHBUN" said he objected; and he rose
to this point of order: that, it was not in order for
an imputation to be cast by the gentleman from
Maine, through the Clerk, or any other person, on
any member of tins House, and (ho was under-
stood to say) that the reputation of every member
should be protected, unless first convicted through
the investigation of a committee.
Mr. SAWTELLE. I am credibly informed
that it is a fact (and, if I mistake not, I was so
told by the Clerk) that an order had been drawn
upon him by one individual to deliver these books
to a third party. That was the reason I marie the
inquiry, and I supposed that the Clerk would give
a categorical answ er.
Mr. RATHBUN submitted, as a question of
order, that it was not proper for a member to call
on the Clerk to answer a question before the House;
and that it was not proper for any member to de-
tail to the House what the Clerk had told him.
Mr. SAWTELLE said the Clerk had presented
the information this morning—i.e. in the state-
ment, as the reporter understood.
The SPEAKER, in reference to the last point of
order raised by Mr. Rathbun—i- e. as to the in-
terrogation of the Clerk—said, that it had been the
habit of the House to put interrogatories through
the Speaker to the Clerk; and that the Clerk now-
stated that no such information as that mentioned
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Sawtelie]
was in his possession.
Mr. SAWTELLE. Then I move that a select
committee be raised to investigate the matter.
The SPEAKER said « vrt ,dd not be competent
to submit such a motion, until the resolution now
under consideration had been disposed of.
Mr, SAWTELLE. I do not intend to debate
the question. I am not afflicted with that disease,
that malady which has been racing here for some
days, denominated, sometimes, cucoethes loqtiendi.
I hope 1 never may be afflicted with it, although,
from the disposition I have manifested for several
days past to get the floor in committee, the chair-
man and some other members may have been in-
duced to suppose that 1 have at least exhibited its
premonitory symptoms. I therefore move the
previous question on the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson.]
Mr. NORRIS moved that the whole subject be
laid on table.
Which motion was rejected.
And the question recurring, and being taken, on
the demand of Mr. S.vwtei.le for the previous
question;
There was a second.
And the main question (being first on the sub-
stitute amendment of Mr, Schkjcck) was ordered
to be now taken.
After some unimportant conversation on a point
of order—
Mr. PAYNE asked the yens nnd nays on the
amendment, which were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ci,. Adams, An-
derson, Arnold, Ashmtm, Blnnehard, Boyd, Brink-
erhotf, Catheart, John G. Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Cobb, Collamrr, Cranston, Culver, Dar-
ragh, Garrett Davis, Del.ino, Dixon, Dnnlnp, John
H. Ewinir, Giddin<rs, Giles, Hampton, Harper,
Milliard, Khas I?. Holmes, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jas. B. Hunt, Ohas.
J. Tnpersoll, Joseph R. hi^ersoli, James H. John-
son, Daniel P. Kinsr, Thomas B. Kin?, Lewis,
Long, Maclay, McClernand, JVIcIJenry, Me! Ivaine,
iVlarsh, Morse, Alosely, N orris, Pen ill, Pollock,
Jnb'us Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk, Rus-
sell, Sehenek, Alexander D. Sims, Albert Smith,
C. B. Smith, Stephens, St. John, Slrohm, Thoin-
nsson, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Tibbalts,
Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Wentworih,
Wick, Williams, Wnithrop, Wright, Young, and
Yost—7.").
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Raker,Bedin-
ger, Bell, Benton, Bi^gs, James Black, James A.
Blaek, Bowlin, Brodlu-ad, Milton Brown, William
G. Brown, Buftin^ton, Burt, William W. Camp-
bell, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipmnn, Coeke,
Crozicr, Cullom, Cummins, Daniel, DeMott, Dil-
lingham, Dobbin, Rdsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Ed-
win H. Ewinsr, Ficklm, Garvin, Get)try, Goodyear,
Gordon, Graham, Grover. Hnrmanson, Henley,
Hernrk,Hoire, Hou^h, John W. Houston, Geo.
S.Houston, K. W, Ilubard, Hunserford, Jenkins,
Jos. Johnson, G. W.J ones, Kennedy, Leake, Leib,
Levin, Ligon. Lumpkin, McClelland, McConnell,
MeCrate, ATeDowell. AleGi'i^hoy, Me,Kay, John
P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Morris, Owen, Parish,
Payne, Pendleton, Perry. Pettit, Phelps, Priee,
Rathbun, Reid, Relfe. Rheft, Ritter, Roberts, Saw-
trHe, Sawyer, Seaman, Severance, Leonard H.
Suns, Simpson, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Strong, Sykes, J as. Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Tredway, Vinton, Whea-
ton, Wilrnot, Wood, Woodruff, Woodward,
Woodwnrth, Yancoy, and Yell—106.
So the amendment was rejeetcd.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. SCFJENCK asked the yens and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows.*
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bedinirer, Benton, Biff£8, James A.
Black, Blanc,hard, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
Buffington, Burt, Cabell, William W. Campbell,
Chipman, Clarke, Cooke, Cranston, Crozicr, Cul-
lom, Culver, Cummins, Daniel, DeMott, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin, Douglass, Edsall, Ellsworth, F.rd-
man, Edwin H. Ewin<r, Ficklin, Foster, Garvin,
Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon. Graham, Gro-
ver, Harmanson, Hough, S. D. Hubbard, C. J.
Ingersoll, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, George W 
Jones, Thos.B. King, Leake, Ligon, Long, Mc-
Clelland, MeCrate, McGaughey, McKay, John P.
Martin, Miller, Morris, Parish, Payne, Perry,
Phelps, Price, Rhett, Roberts, Runk, Russell,Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Seaman, Severance, L. H. Sims,
Simpson, Truman Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
Strong, Sykcs, James Thompson, Tibbatts, Til-
den, Tredway, "Vinton, Wick, Wilmot, Woodruff,
Woodward, 'Woodworth, Yancey, Yell, Young,
and Yost—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q. Adams, Ander-
son, Barringer, Bell, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brinkerhoff, Milton Brown, Cathcart, John G.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Col-
lamer, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Dunlap, John H. Ewing, Hamlin, Henley, Hil-
liard, Hogc, E. B. Holmes, G. S. Houston, Ed-
mund W. Hubnrd, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Hunter, J. R. In-
o-ersoll, James H. Johnson, Seaborn J;ones, Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Lumpkin, McCIer-
nami, McConncll, McDowell, McHenry, Mcil-
vaine, Marsh, Barclay Martin, Morse, Mosely,
Moulton, Norris, Perriil, Pettit, Rathbun, Reid,
Rclfe, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell,
Sehenck, A. D. Sims, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Strohm, St.
John, Tlubodcaux, Thomasson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Toombs,
Trumbo,'Vance, Went worth, Wheaton, Wood,
Winthvop, and Wright—81.
So the resolution was adopted.
And, on motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the com-
munication of the Clerk was ordered to be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER announced that the unfinished
business was the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of the Florida contested election.
Mr. SAWTELLE rose and asked leave to offer
the following resolution, which was read for infor-
mation:
Resolved, That a committee of five members be
appointed, with power to send for persons or pa-
pers, to inquire whether any member or members
of the 28th Congress, or any other Congress, have
sold or otherwise disposed of Fremont's Report, or
other books, printed, purchased, or distributed by
order of Congress for valuable considerations; and
whether any orders have been drawn upon the
Clerk for the delivery of said books; and that said
committee report to this House the name of said
person or persons engaged in said transactions,
and all the facts thereof.
Objections having been made, a motion to sus-
pend the rules was agreed to.
A nd the resolution being thus before the House,
and the question being on us adoption—
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved to amend it
by adding thereto the following:
And that they examine into and report to this
House what order ought to be taken in relation to
books and documents other than Fremont's Report,
now in possession of the Clerk of this House, and.
referred to in his communication of this dayt and
also to report for the consideration of the House
some rule or order regulating the disposition of
documents and books which may hereafter be pub-
lished by order of this House.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested to_ the gentle-
man so to modify his resolution as to include the
members of prevjousCongresses,and notto confine
it to the 28th Congress.
Mr. SAWTELLE declined to accept the modi-
fication.
Mr. PAYNE expressed the hope that his friend
from Maine would not accept the modification pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois. The object
which the gentleman had in offering the resolution,
and which he (Air. P.) most sincerely wished to
be carried out, was to examine into the state of
facts, and ascertain whether any member of this
Congress has sold books given to him by this body;
and let him tell them, he deemed it due to this
House, due to the honor of its members, that the
examination should be made. No report was more
common than that which went out among the peo-
ple that they were in the habit of appropriating for
books, of converting them into money, and of
pocketing the proceeds. He had no right to speak
of any gentleman except himself; but so far as he
was concerned, he should feel that he was just as
guilty, as basely guilty, in a transaction of this sort
as though he should put his arm into the public
