1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
treasury and purloin the public funds. Now, in-
asmuch as this report had gone out throughout the
country—inasmuch as they met it everywhere—
inasmuch as he had heard it again and again re-
peated—it was due to the honor of this House—
it was due" to the members of this body—that the
resolution should be adopted, and that they should
stand up against the imputation if there be no
grounds for it: but, on the other hand, if there
were grounds for it—if there was a member on this
floor who had so far forgotten what was due to the
honor of this body, what was due to those rules
of honesty,-of moral honesty, which should gov-
ern him in the discharge of his legislative duties.—
then let his name be exposed to the public, that the
finger of scorn might point him out to that public.
For these reasons, Mr. P. wished to see the
resolution passed; and he told the gentleman from
Maine, if he admitted the modification of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, the result would be, that they
would have no examination. They could not ar-
rive at the facts; if they could, he would be will-
ing to go back to any extent, he cared not how
far. But let them go back to the Congi ess con-
cerning which they could ascertain the facts, and
let them see whether theso peculations had oc-
curred. The modification would defeat tho ob-
ject of the resolution; and he therefore hoped the
gentleman would not adopt it.
Mr. LEAKE demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
And there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
After a suggestion by Mr. CROZIER, and Mr.
HOUSTON of Alabama, as to the phraseology
of the resolution,
The question was taken; and tho amendment
was agreed to.
And the resolution, as thus amended, was
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of calling' the
committees for reports, that the Lulls and reports
miijbtgo to the printcis.
The morion was rejected
CONTESTED EJECTION FROM FLORIDA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections iu this case,
and of the several propositions thereon pending.
Mr. BIGGS, referring to the allusions which
had been made in the course of the previous de-
bute to the proceedings in the .Committee of Elec-
tions, was understood to inquire of the Speaker
whether such allusions were m order ?
The SPEAKER said they were not in order.
Mr. BIGGS was understood to say, then, that
as no good, but much mischief might result from
its violation, he should hereafter insist on a strict
adherence to the rules.
Mr. Brockenbrougii, the contestant, held the
floor.
Mr. CABELL rose and said, that he had risen
for the purpose of making a proposition, which
would probably save much time. It had been in-
timated by the friends of the contestant that his
desire was that the voice of the people, as given at
the polls, should be heard, and should prevail; that
he did not wish to avail himself of any technical
advantage, but that he was ready to adopt such a
course as would enable the House to ascertain how
the people had voted. That was precisely his
(Mr. C.'s) object; and it could be accomplished,
as he understood, by the adoption of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
A. D. Sims.] If the friends of the gentleman [Mr.
Bp-ockenbhodoh] were sincere—or rather, if the
friends of the gentleman spoke for him—and such
was his object, it eould (Mr. C. repeated) be at-
tained by that resolution. To test the matter, he
would therefore propose that the resolution should
be submitted to the House without further debate.
And, if it was the object of all parties—as it
certainly was his—to arrive at a knowledge of the
facts, this was a mode by which it could be ef-
fected.
■ I will also (continued Mr. C.) offer an alterna-
tive proposition. If the gentleman [Mr. Brockejj-
brough] will not meet me on this point—if the res-
olution is not acceptable to him or to his friends—I
will propose that, inasmuch as it is doubtful which
of the two have received a majority of the votes of
the people of Florida, (and I admit that it is doubt-
ful, although I believe that t have myself received
that majority) yet I propose to him that we give
this House no further trouble, but that we go back
to the people—the fountain-source from which we
claim our rights. They are the proper tribunal. I
am not afraid of them. I believe that they have
once elected me, and that they will elect me again.
I am willing to trust myself in their hands, and I
believe that they will at once confer a majority of
their suffrages upon me.
It has been said by those who differ with me in
political (minion, that Florida is a Democratic
State. Well, I acknowledge myself a Whig. It
is true that, a few months ago, the Democratic
party swept mjr entire State; it is true that mem-
bers of that party were elected to the various State
offices by a very large majority; and that the mem-
ber elect to this Congress [Mr. Yclee, since elect-
ed Senator of the United States] was retured by a
majority of about one-fourth of the entire vote.
It is said that I took the Democratic party by sur-
prise; that I caught them napping. But they are
wide awake now; and I propose that before they
go to sleep again we should go back to the people,
and let them decide on our respective claims. The
gentleman can accept either of these propositions
that he may choose; and if either is accepted, there
will of course be no further necessity for the action
of this House.
Mr. 15KOUKEIN BROUGH rose and said: The
question before this House was not what might
have been the cause why so much larger a vote
was given to his opponent, than was given to the
gentleman of the same political party at tho pre-
vious election. He was willing to concede to the
House that, it was the transcendant abilities of the
gentleman contrasted with the abilities of the pre-
vious candidate; although many of the people of
his State had said it was not owing to this cause,
but to the transcendant falsehoods of the political
press which had slandered him (Mr. B.) when his
back was turned, anil he was at so great a distance
that it was impossible for him to answer them.
But he had done with that.
Was it any great matter, (he asked,) after he
had clearly proved before the committee of this
House that lie had such a majority as had been
shown, notwithstanding all the technical objections
that had been raised—was it a matter of particular
courtesy, of particular generosity or friendliness,
for the gentleman now to come forward and offer
this proposition to him ? In the very printed doc-
ument which his competitor had thought proper
to lay before the House, he had declared it out of
his power to give him (Mr. B.) notice of the
grounds on which he meant to meet him in con-
testing the election; and in the committee room,
as well as in this paper, (for he spoke not alone
of what took place in the committee room,) after
ho (Mr. B.) had proved his majority, the propo-
sition was then for the first time intimated by the
gentleman to lay the subject before the people.
After much time had been spent, after arguments
had been made before the committee, it was said,
to save the committee any further trouble, let us
refer this question back to the people, to whom
it properly belongs. His (Mr. B.'s) prompt
reply was, that as the committee had already had
the trouble of the investigation, it was as well to
save the people the trouble of a new election, as
it was to save the committee and the House the
trouble of deciding this question, which had been
thus presented to them. A Florida Whig paper
brought here the information as soon as the mail
could bring it, that that proposition was made by
his competitor, and by him (Mr. B.) was prompt-
ly rejected, adding insult to the committee and to
the House. It was said that it was promptly re-
jected by Mr. Brockenbrough because he had
rather trust to a " Locofoco " committee and " Lo-
cofoco" House of Representatives, than to go be-
fore the people. He could not see, then, that his
competitor could claim to have been particularly
generous in this matter. If the gentleman was, as
he alleged, so hurried to come here to perform the
duties which he owed to his constituents, that he
could not find the time to state to him (Mr. B.) the
grounds upon which he meant to meet the issue,
he asked him, what had he done since he had been
here, that he was now willing to deprive the State
of Florida of her elected Representative? Had he
fortified her harbors? Had he protected her coasts?
Had he regulated her land system ? What stu-
pendous work had he done, that he should be I
willing to leave that State for several months of
this important Congress without a Representative,
when he had been in such a hurry to come on here ?
No; these were very ingenious movements—move-
ments which showed a part of the same ability by
means of which he (Mr. B.) had come so near
being defeated. The gentleman might be willing;
to abandon a seat proved to belong to him, (Mr.
B.,) but he (Mr. B.) could not abandon the duties
which he owed to his constituents here.
The other proposition of his competitor was,
that the proposition of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. A. D. Sims] should be adopted, and
that he [Mr. Cabell] should be retained in his seat, .
in the face of the majority which he (Mr. B.) had
clearly proved, both by the report of the minority
and the majority of the committee, while he (Mr,
B.) was despatched 011 the GLuixotic expedition to
Florida to try to find out if there were not some
returns which, by some possibility, might give the
election to his opponent.
Mr. Speaker, (said he,) I have brought forward
all the returns which have come to my knowledge;
I have brought forward all the returns, as I verily
believe, which have come to the office of the Secre-
tary of State. I asked for all; I demanded all; I
am incapable of having demanded only a part.
The gentleman insinuated (Mr. B. continued) in
his printed address, that he (Mr. B.) had asked
only for such part of the returns as were favorable
to him; but the gentleman had not asserted it, be-
cause he knew that he (Mr. B.) was incapable of
such an act, and because he knew that that officer
was incapable of lending his aid to any such scheme.
If there were any precincts in Florida which were
yet to be heard from, he was not acquainted with
them officially; his competitor said there were
some still to be heard from, but the gentleman
could not even claim that these votes were suf-
ficient to overcome his (Mr. B.'s) ascertained ma-
! jority. Now, he submitted to the gentleman from
South Carolina, if the position which he had taken
| 111 his resolution was not a strange and extraordi-
1 nary one. Tho very ingenious gentleman from
| Indiana [Mr. McGacchey] admitted that there
were douhts as to the election of Ins competitor,
and the gentleman himself admitted it. He (Mr.
B.) had never doubted as to the result of the elec-
tion ; but doubts had arisen on the mind of the gen-
tleman from Indiana. Why ? Because he (Mr.
B.) had proved that he had a majority; and if he
had proved that he had a majority, where was the
inference that he was not elected? Was it not a
novel proposition that after he had proved an af-
firmative, he should now go forward and prove a
negative? Was it not an anomaly in all rules of
reasoning!
Mr. B. having thus stated his reasons for de-
clining to accede to the propositions made by Mr.
Cabell, proceeded to a general investigation of
the case, and a vindication of his claims to the seat
as representative from Florida.
A motion to adjourn was then made; which
having been agreed to by yeas and nays,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. JENKINS: The petition of Elijah Brown, for the
payment of a revolutionaiy claim: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims. - The petition of Elizabeth
Grmneli, for a pension: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions. The petition of Savil Moores tor a
pension; refened to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
By Mr. VVM. G. BROWN: The petition of Joseph G. Hill,
of Virginia, praying Congress to relieve him from the pay-
ment of a certain single bill therein named, on the ground
that it had been executed to the United States through mis-
take. Also, the petition of Abraham Brown, asking the
same relief.
By Mr. E. B. HOLMES: The petition of Mr, SantAngelo,
in regard to the Mexican indemnity: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. RUSSELL The application of Jonathan Slyter, of
Clinton county, New York, for an invalid pension; referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN: The memorial of the officers
and managers of the Orphan Asylum and Alexandria Fe-
male Free school, asking an act of" incorporation.
By Mr. CTJLLOM: The petition of Paul Chappin, pray-
ing to be placed on the revolutionary pension roll: referred
to the Committee on -Revolutionary Pensions. The petition
of Nancy Armstrong, prajing to be placed on the pension
roll: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. ft. SiMTTH: The memorial of a large number of
citizens of Washington coimtv. Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to make the public lands free to actual settlers, in
