1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
Mr. KING. But you are not obliged, to give
way.
Mr. CABELL merely wished, he said, to un-
derstand the matter.
Mr. C. then proceeded to address the House at
length in support of his right to the seat he held.
[A report of this speech is in course of prepara-
tion,]
Mr. C. had not concluded Ms argument when
the SPEAKER announced the expiration of the
hour.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH, leave being grant-
ed, made a brief explanation pertaining to certain
remarks of Mr., Cabell.
After some conversation on the part of several
gentlemen as to this subject—
Mr. PENDLETON moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of allowing both the sitting mem-
ber'and the contestant to continue their arguments
without limitation of time.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. CULVER (of the minority of the commit-
tee) addressed the House at some length in reply
to Mr. Hamlin, and in explanation and defence of
the positions of the minority report. That report,
(he stated at the outset of his remarks,) which
seemed to have been made the target for the shots
of gentlemen who had participated in the debate,
was originally drawn up by himself under the or-
der of the committee as a majority report; but on
the change of positions of gentlemen members of
that committee which h«id been frequently alluded
to, it was only necessary to alter its title and it be-
came the minority report. Hence it was due to
thegentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Chipman,] who
was one of the gentlemen whose signature was at-
tached to it, to state that when it was announced
that the chairman of the committee [Mr. Hamlin]
intended to bring in his report as the majority re-
port, the gentleman had not time to look over the
minority report, but agreeing to its premises and
its conclusions, he had concurred in it.
Mr. C. argued that there had not been received
sufficient evidence to counterbalance the prima fuck
evidence of the commission of Mr. Cabell; that
the evidence of the returns subsequent to those
made to the Secretary of State within the thirty
days required by law, brought forward by Mr.
Brockenbrougu, was to be considered as cx parte
and inadmissible—specific notice not having been
given to Mr. Cabell; and that Mr. Bracken-
is rqugu had failed to substantiate the position he
had taken, that he had received a majority of all
the legal votes cast, all the returns not having been
received up to this time. He adverted to the im-
portance of arriving at a correct conclusion, not
only as regarded the case itself, but in view of the
precedent which its decision would establish, and
maintained the propriety of postponing action un-
til farther proof could be brought forward. If it
should then appear that Mr. Brockenbrough was
entitled to the seat, he should bo as ready as any
gentleman to yield it to htm.
Mr. C. yielded in the course of his remarks for
purposes of explanation to Messrs. Hamlin and
Seaborn Jones; and having concluded—
Mr. HAMLlNrahde further explanation of cer-
tain details of the lijMion of the committee alluded
to by Mr. Culver. '
Mr. DOBBIN (of the majority of the commit-
tee) defended the action of the committee, and the
claim of Mr. Brockenbrougii to the seat, on the
ground that he had alike received a majority of
tire votes returned to the office of the Secretary of
State, according to the strict requirements of the law,
within the thirty days, and of all the votes, inclu-
ding those subsequently returned. He sustained
the propriety of tike division of the question of re-
turns and of election, maintaining that Mr. B.
should have received the commission—the true pri-
ma facie evidence being in his favor—and that the
House should now give him the seat, as, under
that state of the case, they could do without dis-
respect to the great seal of the State. The pres-
ent sitting member would then become the con-
testant, in case the matter were further prosecuted;
find if he succeeded in establishing the fact of his
election, Mr. D. would cheerfully unite with gen-
tlemen in the vindication of his right to the seat.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF obtained the floor, and
moved the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS signifying his desire to ad-
dress the House, appealed to the gentlemen to
withdraw his motion
Mr. BRINKERHOFF declining to accede to
the request—
The question was taken, and the House refused
to second the demand for the previous question—
ayes 74, noes 78.
Mr. STEPHENS then obtained the floor, and
yielded to amotion to adjourn; which being agreed
to,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. LIGON: The memorial of John S. Tyson, admin-
istrator of Jonathan W. Sherburne, praying compensation
for services rendered by said Sherburne m constructing a
buoy at the entrance of Port Royal sound: referred to the
Committee of Claims. Also, the memorial of Charles Reed-
er, a member of the boaid of examiners to make experi-
mental trials in relation to the explosion of steam boiieis,
praying Congress to make provision for the liquidation of
his claim against the Government for services rendered while
a member of said board: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By Mr. WICK: The memorial of Raymond W. Clark,
praying a grant of lands to aid the State of Indiana in the
completion of tin: Central canal in that Slate: leferred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. CIJIXOM : The petition of Polly Owens, pray-
ing to be placed on the pension roll: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr, SCHENCK: The petition of Mathias Gish, and
103 other citizens of western Ohio, praying for an appropria-
tion for the continuance of the Cumberland road.
By Mr. JAMES THOMPSON: The petition of John Pom-
roy, of Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying to be released
fVoin a claim on the part of the United States against linn as
bail of Fowle Crane, decear-ed : referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Ronds.
By Mr. MoCUATE : The petition of Freeman Harden,
luid 271 others, asking foi an appropnalion to buoy out and
mark the ship channel, commonly called the Muscle I.edge
channel, in the State of Maine; referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mi. PRICE: The memorial of R. P. Havenkany, and
others, citizens of the State of Missouri, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Jacksonville, Illinois, to
Hannibal, ill Missouri.
By Mr. ItUNGEltFORT): The petition of John Felt, for
relief; referred to the Committee of Claims. Also, three
petitions from eitr/ens of Jefferson comity, New York, for
the erection of suitable fortifications at Sackett's Harbor,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 24, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the unfinished
business of yesterday was the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of the contested elec-
tion from Florida.
Mr. POLLOCK, on leave given, withdrew from
the files of the House the papers in the case of
William Norris, executor of John Norris, and
moved their reference to the Committee of Claims.
Ordered accordingly.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM FLORIDA.
The House resumed the consideration of the re-
port of the Committee of Elections in this case.
Mr. STEPHENS was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the House on the general merits of the
case, and in favor of Mr. Cabell's right to his
seat. If the House did not concur with him in
this view, then he thought that they could come to
no other conclusion than to adopt the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Sims,]
thus giving an opportunity for further investiga-
tion.
Mr. SEDDON obtained the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN desired to say a few words in
explanation of the course of the committee as to
certain points of law.
After some conversation,
Mr. SEDDON proceeded with his remarks, and
spoke during the hour in support of the claims of
Mr. Brockenbrougii.
Mr. S. having concluded,
Mr. SAWYER rose, and said that the House
had now listened to a very long discussion on this
question. A number of members, and the con-
testing parties themselves, had been heard in favor
of their respective claims, and about an equalnum-
bcr of speeches, he thought, had been made on
both sides. The House had a vast deal of other
important business awaiting its action, and he
would therefore move the previous question.
Mr. G. DAYIS appealed to Mr. Sawyer to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. SAWYER. I should be glad to accom-
modate-the gentleman, but I cannot and will not
withdraw-the demand.
Mr. CABELL inquired of the Speaker, whether
the effect of the previous question would be to cut
off debate on all propositions ?
The SPE AKER said such would be the effect.
Mr. CABELL. If the vote were taken on the
proposition of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. A. D. Sims,] will it then be in order to debate
any other proposition ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. CABELL was understood to say he would,
then, make an appeal in his own behalf, that he
might be heard.
Mr. DOBBIN asked Mr. Sawyer to withdraw
the previous question for a moment, to enable him
(Mr. D.) to add a third resolution to those which
had been reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
[Cries of " No, no; let the gentleman from Ohio'
[Mr. Sawyer] offer it himself."]
Mr. SAWYER then took in his hand the pro-,
position of Mr. Dobbin, and said, I withdraw the
demand for the previous question; I offer this pro-
position, and I renew the demand for the previous
question.
[This was done amidst very great confusion and
uproar.]
The proposition was read. It declares that the
adoption of the resolutions of the committee shall
not preclude Mr. Cabell from contesting his seat.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING rose and submitted
that the contesting member [Mr. Brockenbrocgh]
had been allowed to speak twenty minutes over
and above his allotted hour, with the distinct un-
derstanding that a similar privilege should be al-
lowed to the sitting member, [Mr. Cabell.]
The SPEAKER (addressing- Mr. Sawyer:)
Does the gentleman demand the previous question?
Mr. SAWYER. I do.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. I will not vote for
the previous question, if the gentleman from Flori-
da will occupy only twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. J. Id. EWING rose to a question of order.
Was it in order for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sawyer] to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, then to submit a distinct proposition, and
renew the demand for the previous question, with-
out affording an opportunity to a gentleman who
was on the floor, and who had been recognised by
the Speaker, to make any remarks? When the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] withdrew thfi
demand for the previous question, was not the gen-
tleman who had been recognised by the Speaker
entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sawyer] has no power to submit any prop-
osition subsequent to the demand for the previous
question. The proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio is not in order. The previous question is
still pending, and is the question before the House:
Mr. G. DAVIS. I understand that the gentle-
man from Ohio had withdrawn the demand.
Mr. SAWYER. I adhere to it.
Mr. G. DAVIS said, if the House would allow
him one moment, he would suggest that all gen-
tlemen, he presumed, cxpected tne question to be
taken to-day, and, if that object was effected, he
supposed it would be enough, without pressing the
question to an instantaneous decision m this way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio to say that he has not with-
drawn the demand for the previous question.
Mr. G. DAVIS. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. HOUSTON expressed the hope that the
demand would be withdrawn, for the purpose of
allowing the sitting member to be heard in expla-
nation.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON called for the vote.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he had understood the
gentleman from Onio [Mr. Sawyer] first to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, then
to offer another proposition—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moved the previous question. Then the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] was recognised
by the Chair. If tlie gentleman from Ohio with-
draws the demand for the previous question, then
the gendeman from Kentucky is entitled to the
floor.
