238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
Mr. SAWYER called for the question.
The result of a good deal of conversation, and
of much confusion, on points of order, was, that
Mr. SAWYER insisted on his original demand
or the previous question, (which excluded the
proposition of Mr. Dobbin.)
And the question being taken on the demand for
the previous question, the vote stood—ayes 68,
noes 95.
So there was not a second.
Mr. G. DAVIS then took the floor, and spoke
in favor of the present right of Mr. Cabell to his
seat.
Mr. GORDON next obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. CABELL, who addressed the House part-
ly in further support of his claim, and partly in
personal explanation. In the course of his remarks
some conversation occurred on questions of order.
Mr. GORDON, after a few remarks, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING asked leave to offer
an amendment.
The SPEAKER said it would not. be in order.
Mr. THURMAN moved a call of the House,
which was ordered.
And the roll having been called, 188 members
answered to their names.
Whereupon further proceedings on the call were
dispensed with.
Mr. T. B. KING renewed liis motion for leave
to offer an amendment; which was refused.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the mam question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was first on the two reso-
lutions reported from the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections.
And the SPEAKER having so stated—
Mr. McGAUGHEY asked a division of the
question; which was ordered.
Mr. W. HUNT inquired of the Chair whether
the main question would not be first on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Sims.]
The SPEAKER said that the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Sims] was
a motiont to recommit, and had therefore been cut
olf by the previous question.
Mr. McGAUGHEY, Mr. VANCE, and other
members, demanded the yeas and nays on the main
question; which were oidered
And the question was then taken—first, oil the
following resolution, to wit:
Resolved, That Edward C. Cabell, returned to
this House as a member thereof from the State of
Florida, is not entitled to his seat.
And it was decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Bedinger, Benton, James A. Black, Bowlin,Boyd,
Brinkerhoff, William G. Brown, Cathcart, Augus-
tus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb,
Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Daniel, Dargan, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Ed-
sall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Ficklin, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Ham-
lin, Haralson, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough,
George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, James
II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Leake,
Leib, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maelay, McClean, Mc-
Clelland, McClernand, McConnell, McCrate, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay Mar-
tin, Morris, Moulton, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pcr-
rill, Perry, Phelps, Price, Reid, Ilelfe, Ritter, Rob-
erts, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seddon, Leonard
H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Sykcs,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, Tredway, Wentworth, Wheaton Wil-
liams, Wilmot, Woodward, > ell, and Yost—10o.
jsriys—Messrs. Abbott, JohnCluincy Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Brod-
bead, Milton Brown, Buffington, Bm-t, William
W Campbell, John H. Campbell, John Gr. Chap-
man, Chipman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Cra-
zier Culver, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dix-
on, John H. Ewing, Edwin H Ev/mg, Gentry,
Giddmgs, Graham, Grinnell, Hampton, Harper,
Herrick, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John W.
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew John-
son, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler King, Lewis,
Levin, Long, McGaughey, McHenry, JVtcIlvaine,
Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ram-
sey, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Alexander D. Sims,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Ben-
jamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo,
Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop, Woodruff,
Wright, and Young—79.
So the House decided that Mr. Cabell was not
entitled to a seat in this House.
And the question was then taken on the second
resolution, to wit:
Resolved, That William H. Brockenbrough is
entitled to a seat in this House as a representative
from the State of Florida.
And it was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Bedmsjer, Biggs, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Catheart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Collin, Cullom,
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, Jeffer-
son Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dunlap,
Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Ficklin, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Ham-
lin, Haralson, lleuley, lloge, Hopkins, Hough,
Hungei'ford, James IS. Hunt, Jenkins, James 11.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Leake, Leib,
Ligon, Lumpkin, Maelay, McClean, McClolland,
McClernand, McConneil, McCrate, McDowell,
McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Mor-
ris, Moulton,Owen, Payne,lYrrill, Perry, Phelps,
Price, Reid, Relle, -Hitter, Roberts, Russell, .Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simp-
son,Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,Stanton, Stark-
weather, Strong, Sykcs, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tredway, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward,
Yell, and Yost—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbou, John CI. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmuu, Baker, Barringer, Bell, James A.
Black, Brndhead, Milton Brown, Builington, Burt,
William W. Campbell, John il. Campbell, John
G. Chapman, Chipmnn, Cocke, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Crozior, Culver, Darnigli, Garrett Davis,
Delano, Dixon, Douglass, John 11. Ewing, Edwin
H. Ewing, Gentry, Giddings, Graham, Hampton,
Harper, Jlcrnek, Hilliard, Khas B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, E. W. llubard, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, Anihew .fulnisou, Daniel P.
King, Thomas B. King, Lewis, Levin, Long,
McGaughey, McHenry, Melhaine, Marsh, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Norris, PendleLon, Pollock, Ramsey,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,Sc.henck,
Seaman, Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
St. John, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Tilde.n, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
White, Wintlnop, Woodruff, Wright, and Young
—84.
So the House decided that Mr. Brockenbrough
ivas entitled to a seat in this House.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved a reconsider-
ation of the vote on the second resolution, with
the intention (as lie subsequently explained) of
moving a reconsideration of the first resolution, so
as to leave matters for the present in statu quo.
And Mr. T. sent to the Clerk's table the follow-
ing proposition, which he intended to offer, should
the motion for reconsideration prevail.
Whereas E. C. Cabell having stated to this
House that there, are other precincts in the State
of Florida, at which ail election was held on the
fitli day of October, 1845, for representative in
Congress from said State, and that no return has
been made of said votes; that he has reason to be-
lieve, and does believe, that if said votes had been
returned and counted, he would have had the ma-
jority of the legally qualified voters of said State;
that he has reason to believe, and does believe,
that if time were allowed him he could make such
proof of the election of votes as would satisfy this
House that he is entitled to the seat he now occu-
pies for and during the term of the 29th Congress:
Be it, therefore,
Resolved, That the cose of the contested election
from the State of Florida for Representative in the
29th Congress be continued until the day of
February, 1846; that the parties have leave to take
proof upon due notice given; and that the said E.
C. Cabell be not precluded from contesting the
seat of said Brockenbrough.
Mr. T. briefly supported his motion, and de-
manded the previous question.
There was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
Mr. HAMLIN asked the yeas and nays on tlie
main question; which were ordered.
And (after some conversation, and an ineffectual
motion to adjourn) the question, "Will the House
reconsider the vote by which the second resolution
was adopted," was taken, and decided as follows:
* YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Benton,
James A. Black, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buf-
fington, Burt, William W. Campbell, John G.
Chapman, Chipman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier,
Culver, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Douglass, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing,
Gentry, Giddings, Graham, Grinnell, Hampton,
Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, G. S. Houston, E. W. Hubard,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King, Lewis, Levin,
Lon<r,McHenry, Mcllvaine,Marsh, Miller, Mose-
ley, Norris, Pendleton, Pollock, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, Sea-
man, Severance, A. D. Sims, Truman Smith, Al-
bert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith,
Stephens, St. John, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thom-
asson, Benjamin Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White,
Winthrop, Woodruff, Wright, and Young—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Bellinger, Biggs, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff,
William G. Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Collin,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Dargan, Jeffer-
son Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dunlap,
Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Ficklin, Fries, Gar-
vin, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haral-
son, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, J. H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kennedy, Preston King, Leake, Leib, Lumpkin,
Maelay, McClean, McClolland McClernand, Mc-
Crate, McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Bar-
clay Martin, Morris, Moulton, Perrill, Perry,
Pet'tit, Phelps, Price, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seddon, Leonard H.
Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Strong, Sykes, James Thompson, Thur-
man, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, Yell, and Yost
So the vote was not reconsidered.
Mr. HAMLIN having risen and stated that Mr.
Brockenrrough was in attendance, and ready to
take the oath,
Mr. B. appeared, was qualified, and took his
seat.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON (leave having been
denied) moved a suspension of the rules to enable
him to offer a resolution; which, after a recital of
a similar character to that above given, concludes
as follows:
Resolved, That the said Edward C. Cabell
be not, precluded from contesting the seal of the
said Brockenbrough, if he shall hereafter think
proper to do so.
And pending this motion the House, at a very
late hour, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees :
By Mr. VI<'OLF, LLAiVD' The petition of Guy Carpenter,
praying Congress to appropriate land for diaimng Cotton-
wood rivvamp, Lenawee county, Michigan. The peution of
Henry jth.^how, f'oi compensation for losses, &c., during the
war. The claim of Guy Carpenter, for expenses, &c.,
incurred on account of sickness during Ilis services in the
Black IJawk war as a volunteer.
liy Mt. EUSSRLL: The petition of Thomas Badger, of
Clinton county, :\'ew York, for an invalid pension: referied
to (lie Committee on Invalid Pensions. A resolution that
the petition of Thomas Badger for an invalid pension, here •
tojbre piesented to the Iloase, be taken from the files, and
referred to the saine committee. a
By Mr. SEAMAN: The petition of John Murphy for a
pension: referred to the Commitua on Evolutionary Pen-
