THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 29, 1846.
New Series....No. 16.
4 we enjoy a very friendly intercourse, and to
' whom these views [referring to the condition of
' the South American states] have been communi-
' cated, have appeared to acquiesce in them."
I am sure I hazard nothing; in stating the views
of the present President. His anti-colonization
system has reference to every attempt "to convert
into a European colony any of the independent
states of America or any portion of them. And I
will add, that in looking to the present state of
things, or in looking forward prospectively, as he
must have done, as far as a practical statesman may
look forward, I have as little doubt that any attempt
to make an English colony of California, would pre-
sent the very case against which he thus warns his
countrymen and the world. He may well bo un-
willing; to see the United States belted round by
the fleets, and armies, and territories, and power
of England. Already she is coterminous with us
from tne Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific ocean: be-
ginning at the Bermudas, a most important naval
station upon our right Atlantic flank, arid thence
passing to Newfoundland, to Nova Scotia, to New
Brunswick, to Canada, east and west, and to the
immense countries extending thencc across the con-
tinent, and running far within the arctic circle, and
governed by a great trading corporation, which ex-
ercises a preponderating influence over the Indians
inhabiting those regions. Oregon and California,
if gained, and Mexico influenced, if not ruled,
would complete the circle, and would place our
boundaries everywhere in contact with Die territo-
ries of a great power, or with those of an ally in
name, but >\ dependanthi fact, or looking out upon
the ocean, where her power is so stnuig, and her
pretensions so unlimited.
But whatever views may be entertained of the
policy of introducing this resolution, (lie question
now assumes a wholly different aspect. It is now
here. Tt is before the" Senate, before (he country,
ami before (he world. It is not a proposition to
establish a principle, nor to dictate a course of pol-
icy; hut simply to ask the Semite if this great mat-
ter is worthy of reference to the Committee of For-
eign Relations, and worthy afterwards t.o be taken
up for the consideration and action of the Senate.
Do what we may, one effect of this question is be-
yond our reach: It is already flying upon the
wmgs of the wind, and will be carried to the far-
thest boundary of the Republic, and to every log-
enbin npon the verge of civilization, which dots the
prairies, or is lost in the forest. And yet more: it
is crossing the ocean, and will pass to the Old
Worlds and wherever it goes, what will be said of
our refusal to consider it? To what motive will
this refusal be ascribed ? To timidity, Mr. Presi-
dent—-unjustly, we all know; for no such motive
has had the slightest influence upon   single mem-
ber of this body. But wo shall not the less be
charged with it, nor will it the less injuriously af-
fect us. There is not a journal from Johnny
Groats' House to the Lands End, which will not
have its fling at the disposition we make of this
subject, and of all times this is the worst to halt
in our course, and of all nations England is the last
before whom we should exhibit any conduct that
may be tortured into the appearance of doubt or
apprehension.
But what is proposed by this resolution? It
proposes, Mr. President, to repel a principle which
two of the greatest powers of tile earth are now
carrying into practice upon this continent, so far
as we can discover any principle involved in the
war which the French and British are now waging
against Buenos Ayres; and a principle solemnly
announced by the French prime minister in the
Chamber of Deputies, clearly in doctrine, but cau-
tiously in the remedy. I need not advert to the
declaration made upon that occasion by Mr. Guizot,
a declaration equally extraordinary and memora-
ble. An honorable member of this body has the
debate in full; and I trust that, in the further discus-
sion which this subject must undergo, and will un-
dergo in this body in one form or another, he will
read the remarks of the French premier, and give us
the able views I know he entertains of them. I will
only add that these remarks are eminently charac-
16
teristic of a peculiar class of statesmen, who are
always seeking some new and brilliant thought,
something with which to dazzle the world as much
as it dazzles themselves—some paradox or other
as a shroud wherewith to wrap their dying frame.
Plain common sense, and the true condition of
men and communities, are lost in diplomatic sub-
tleties.
But what is this balance of power which is to
cross the Atlantic and" take up its abode in this
New World? Itis the assumption of apowerwhich
has deluged Europe in blood, and which has at-
tempted to stifle the first germs of freedom in every
land where they have started up; which has blot-
ted Poland from the map of nations; which has
given a moiety of Saxony, in spite of the prayers
of the people, to Prussia; which 1ms extinguished
Venico and Genoa; which added Belgium to Hol-
land, notwithstanding the repugnanco of its inhab-
itants, who eventually rose in their revolutionary
might, and asserted and achieved their own inde-
pendence; which transferred Norway from Den-
mark, to which it was attached by old ties and by
a mild government, to Sweden, who had to send
an army, and to call upon the navy of England to
aid her to take possession of this gift of the holy
alliance; which keeps Swit?*ei!aiid in eternal tui-
moil, and which sent a French army into Spain to
put down the spirit of liberty, and an Austrian
army to Italy for the same purpose; and which
watches and wards ofl' the very first instincts of
human nature to meliorate its social and political
condition.
it is the assumption of a power which enables
five great Millions of Europe—they are quintuple
atjn-escnt—to govern just as much of tile world as
will not or^nannot resist their eijpulity and ambi-
tion, and to introduce new principles fit their pleas-
ure, and to their profit, into the code of nations.
To proclaim that the slave trade is piracy by virtue
of their proclamation, and that their cruisers may
sweep the ocean, seizing vessels, and crews, and
cargoes, and committing" them to that great vortex
which has swallowed up such a vast amount of
our property, and issued so many decrees against
our rights—a court of admiralty; and, by-and~by,
will enable them to proclaim, if not resisted, that
the cotton trade shall be piracy, or that the tobac-
co trade shall be piracy, or that anything else shall
be piracy which ministers to our power and inter-
est ,^and does not minister to theirs.
The question is not as to the specific language
or proposition of this resolution, but as to its con-
sideration. That measure, if carried, commits the
Senate to nothing. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and this body subsequently, may make
such modifications as they please; and ultimately
the whole matter may be rejected. Certainly this
process ensures caution, and is n safe guaranty
that the subject will be maturely considered, and
wisely decided. It ought not to be overlooked
that this subject is specially recommended to our
attention by the President. It is not gratuitously
introduced by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
though lie had a clear right so to introduce it, and
in my opinion would have done wisely had he done
so, oven if it had not been presented to the atten-
tion of Congress by higher authority.
I understand the measure proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio is a protest against the establish-
ment of a new and dangerous principle, affecting
ourselves, and with us the other independent na-
tions inhabiting this continent. It does ltot neces-
sarily involve any question of war. Such a protest
is a common mode of procedure in the intercourse
of nations. It is the exclusion of a conclusion.
It is saying to the world, that the Government
making the protest does not recognise a certain
claim or principle, and does not intend to be bound
by it. It commits such Government to no spe-
cific course of action. It merely expresses its dis-
sent, leaving to future circumstances its conduct,
should the protest be found inefficient. Such I
know to be the views of the Senator from Ohio;
and if the phraseology of the resolutions may ap-
pear to some Senators to cany the Government
too far, it is easy to adapt it to a sense of the Sen- i|
ate upon the subject. That is a reason for consid-
eration, but not for rejection. We are young, but
we are everyday becoming stronger as we become
older. Time is dealing well by us. What we now
want is to prevent any future pretence that by our
acquiescence we have recognised this.trew-fangled
doctrine of interference. Let us say"to the world,
we have no lot nor part in it; but we need not say
that we shall this year or next year adopt this or
that course of action if there is any attempt practi-
cally to apply the doctrine. " Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof." Let it, suffice for us to
decide when the time for decision comes; and then,
if we are committed by nothing but a protest, we
may sit still honorably, taking no part in the trans-
action, or we may place ourselves between Europe
and America, and commit this great question to
the issue of war—and to that issue it will finally
come if not abandoned—and be resisted, in the
words of the President's Message, stronger than
the language used by the member from Ohio in his
resolutions, " at any and at all hazards."
I have already alluded to Buenos Ayres, where
France and England' are now interfering to their
heart's content. Their conduct upon the LaPlata
is among the most outrageous acts of modern times.
If I understand their professions, they wage war
against Buenos Ayres because Buenos Ayres is at
war with Montevideo. They are fighting for
peace; doing evil that good may come. But what
right have they to interfere in the quarrel between
two independent nations, except as the friend of
both, and in the interest of both' They come not,
however, with the olive-branch, but with fleets and
armies. They carry on open war; tlicy preach a
crusade of philanthropy from the quarter-decks of
ships of the line, anil from the midst of regiments
of soldiers. Now all this is a flimsy veil to conceal
far other designs; designs of commercial and polit-
ical ascendancy upon the immense and productive
countries of that great river. They seek the es-
tablishment of a balance of power, which shall es-
tablish their own power, and enable them to hold
in subjection one of the most magnificent regions
upon the face of the earth. To give proper weight
and solemnity to any measure upon this great
question under consideration, requires the action
of Congress. The declaration of the President will
be as barren as was that of Mr. Monroe unless
adopted by the national legislature. The Presi-
dent is the organ of communication with other gov-
ernments. But the establishment of a great line
of policy calls into action powers not committed to
him, and which can only be exercised by the rep-
resentatives of the States and the representatives of
the people assembled in Congress.
Mr. President, we shall lose nothing at home or
abroad, now or hereafter, by establishing and
maintaining an American policy—a policy decisive
in its spirit, moderate in its tone, and just in its
objects—proclaimed and supported firmly, but tem-
perately. Providence has placed us at the head of
the family of nations upon this continent. We
have passed safely through the great revolutionary
trial from a colonial to an independent condition.
We entered upon it with great advantages., The
principles of true freedom were brought by our
forefathers to the New World, and when the
struggle for independence commenced, it found us
not only ready for the issue, but ripe for the bless-
ings of self-government,. But the colonies of Span-
ish descent had not served, as we had done, the
apprenticeship of liberty; and when they were sud-
denly called to dissolve their original political con-
nexion, and to reconstruct their civil institutions,
they encountered difficulties which seemed at times
to threaten the overthrow of all their hopes. Their
state of transition is not yet fully over; but they
will struggle on till their work is crowned with
success. In the meantime, it is equally our policy
and our duty to preserve the continent as free from
European influence as is compatible with the ac-
knowledged principles of the laws of nations. The
community of States inhabiting it have interests of
their own, independent of the peculiar state of
things which is established in Europe. There
is here no question touching the joint rights of
