1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
248
That was my desire, and no other. Being up.
however, and without intending to go into any of
the many matters mentioned the other day in jus-
tification of my own course, I will make some re-
marks and read from some books. The first ob-
jection of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] to the introduction of this resolution
was based on the principles themselves embraced
in the resolution. Afterwards, however, he made
another objection, which was personal to myself;
and it is to the latter objection that I propose to
make a few observations to the Senate. The ob-
jection of the Senator was that I had taken on my-
self, (1 use his own language,) on my own indi-
vidual responsibility, to present to the considera-
tion of the Senate, in the form of a joint resolution,
a subject which, among others in the President's
Message, had "been already referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and the Senator from
South Carolina seemed—I will not say had—-seem-
ed to have a desire to excite some unkindness
against me in the committee as an individual, or
exhibit me as having treated them with disrespect,
by not_ consulting them as to the propriety of the
resolution. This was clearly an inference winch
every Senator drew from the remark of t.he Sena-
tor from South Carolina. Now, sir, it is to this
personal allusion made by the Senator that I will
offer a few observations.
In the first place, I did, in this particular, what
the uniform practice of the body has permitted,
and what the members of this body have uniform-
ly practised from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, and no more. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, 1 lose no right, nor
acquire any right, as an individual Senator. 1
lose no right which I had before of introducing to
the consideration of the Semite any subject which
my judgment may indicate us proper to he intro-
duced. As a matter of right, then, J ask the Sen-
ator from South Carolina whether I have not n
right to move this resolution? And I ask him to
answer the (juration definitely.
IVlr. CAi.J tOUN. '111'.: ..Senator will proceed.
Mr. ALl.KJV. I demire to bo answered now,
before proceeding farther.
Mr. CALHOUN. 1 will answer when I think
proper.
Mr. ALLEN. The Senator will not reply.
But 1 sny t had a right—I say my honorable col-
leagues, each one, had a right to introduce the
resolution, if they had thought proper to do so.
I say every Senator on this" floor has a similar
right, and the practice of the Government, from its
foundation to this moment, gives the right. And
what has been the case during this very session ?
The various portions of the President's Message
have been referred to the several standing com-
mittees; the whole matter relating to Oregon, and
to what course the Government ought to take with
regard to the claim of Great Britain, has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
vet, notwithstanding, the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hawecsan] introduced nscries of resolutions
on the subject, and had the right to do so. The
Senator from South Carolina himself introduced
resolutions on the same subject, and had the right.
And can any man rise here'and gainsay the right?
•Ketone. Where, then, is the difference in the
case? There is no difference in the case—none
whatever. And the effort, if it was designed to
excite unkindness towards me on the part of my
honorable friends on the committee, by a personal
allusion to me on this floor by the Senator from
South Carolina, the effort, 1 believe my colleagues
will bear me out in saying, has utterly failed.
But let us look into the books, for type and ]>uj>er
are terrible things to men of short memories and
devious ways. It should bo remembered by the
Senate, that m the year 1840 there was pending
between the Government of the United States and
that of Great Britain a difficulty arising out of the
fact that an American vessel, in passing from one
to another of the ports of the United States, had
been driven by stress of weather into a British
port m the West Indies; and pending this matter,
the Senator from South Carolina—lwill not say
" took" on himself—took " the responsibility"—
because I do not intend to use terms of implied re-
proach, as he has done—but I will say that the
Senator from South Carolina, as a Senator, and
not as the chairman of a committee, rose on
this floor, and introduced the subject here for the
deliberation of this body. And i'n what form did
he introduce it ? In the form of a series of reso-
lutions declaring the law of nations to the whole
civilized world. Yes; he called on the Senate of the
United States to lay down and to prescribe to the
world what the law of nations should be according
to the interpretation of the American Government!
Yes, sir, the resolutions of the honorable Senator
were met not at the threshold. No man-then sup-
posed that the honorable Senator was transcending
the limits of propriety. His motion was not met at
the threshold with any objection to the reception
of his resolutions, but upon the discussion which
arose upon the passage of the resolutions, a dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, now not m
his seat, intimated that although he had no objec-
tion to the resolutions, yet he did not exactly sec
the necessity for the expression of the views of
the Senate of the United States on what he regard-
ed as abstractions. What reply did tlie" Senator
from Kentucky receive to that, objection ? What
reply did he receive to the question, Are you going
to war to enforce the doctrine you propose this
day to lay down in the form of a law of nations ?
What response did he then receive to this objec-
tion from the Senator from South Carolina? I
will read you the response, at least those parts of
it that apply to this matter. And here permit me
to say, that these resolutions lay down principles
even broader than those laid down in the resolu-
tion now before the Senate.
Making the most of it, the language of this reso-
lution applies only to two continents—Europe and
America; but bis law was to extend to the mouth
of the Thames and the banks of the Ganges. His
law of nations would have been found"amid the
iccborgs of the north pole, and under the burning
sun of the equator. H is resolutions would have
been enforced wherever there was water and wind
enough to float ail American vessel, especially if
she had slaves on board. His resolutions were
then surely as comprehensive as mine. Mine cover
only one-half of the world—his covered the whole
terrestrial globe. Mine apply to land only—Ins
apjilieil both to sea and land. The argument of
the gentleman, from which I am about to read, was
in answer to the objections raised by the Senator
from Kentucky. Let. us hear how he dealt with
those objections.
[Mr. A. here read the following extract from Mr.
Calhoun's speech on the occasion, as reported in
the Congressional Globe:]
" He admits there would have been no impro-
' priety in introducing them, had there been apend-
' ing negotiationj but thinks there is, because the
' British Minister had closed the door of negotia-
tion. He (Mr. C.) took the very opposite view.
' Pending the negotiation, and before the decision
' was known, the propriety of a movement of the
' kind would, to say the least, be doubtful; but
'now that it has been made and justice refused,
1 silence would be construed into an abandonment
' of the claim of our citizens, and an acquiescence
' in the dangerous princijile on which it was re-
'jected. It was to repel such inference that hede-
' sited to take the sense of the Senate. If the res-
£ olutions should rceeive the vote of the body, it
' would keep alive the claim, and, what was still
' more important, rebut any inferred abandonment
' of the principle on which it rests. He hoped
' that it never would be surrendered. Justice was
' on our side, and if we cannot succeed in estab-
1 lishing it now, there is no reason why we may
' not hereafter. He trusted that the strong expres-
' sion of opinion by the Senate, which he this day
1 anticipated, would rouse an attention to the sub-
'ject that might lead to a happy termination of a
' controversy which could not be safely kept open.
' Be that as it may, it is our duty to maintain our
'ground. If we now yield—if the Senate should
' refuse to act on the resolutions, or vote them
' down, we surrender both right and principle.
" He would appeal to the Senate, and ask if it is
' ready to say that the rights of the South to
' the great mass of its property, that which enters
' so deeply into their political and social institu-
' tions, and on the maintenance of which not only
' their wealth and their prosperity, but peace and
' safety depend, shall be outlawed and placed be-
' yond the pale of protection ? Is it prepared to
' distinguish between this and every other descrip-
' tion of property so as to leave this alone unde-
' fended ? The British Minister acknowledges that
' compensation ought to be made for every other
• description under similar circumstances, and
' places the distinction between this and others, on
' grounds fatal to its existence if it be admitted. Is
' she right? that is the question; and are you ready
'to say so by your votes? If so, it is time we
' should know it; and if not, you should speak out
' plainly and distinctly.
" He had not supposed that there was a member
' of the body that would be embarrassed by the
' resolutions; on the contrary, he had hoped that
' all would have been pleased with the opportunity
' in a case so strong and clear of recording their
' votes in our favor, and stand by us on this great
' question in which we are particularly concerned,
' as we have stood by them on a recent occasion
' where they were.
" It is a proud recollection for the South that she
' never halted to count the cost or danger when the
' interest of any portion of the Union, the most re-
' mote, called for defence. This is the first diffi-
' culty with Great Britain in which we have been
' immediately interested. The war of the Revolu-
' tion originated in causes much more northern
' than southern; and still more strikingly was that
' the case m the last war. Did we hesitate in
' either? No; the generous South, ever devoted to
' the liberty and honor of the country, and true to
' its engagements, poured out freely her means, in
' blood and money, for the common cause, without
' asking whether she was to be the gainer or loser.
' What he asked was, that the same zealous and
' ardent support that we have extended to other
' portions of the Union should now be extended to
' us on this occasion."
The gentleman (Mr. A. then went on to say)
had got his resolutions in—resolutions laying do wn
a law co-extensive with the globe itself; stretching
over land and sea; applicable alike to every barba-
rous power and every civilized nation; applicable
to all places and in all time. He had got these
resolutions in with a view of their being incorpo-
rated as the American interpretation of the law of
nations. He had got them in to regulate the mari-
time intercourse of the universe—to operate more
extensively than had the British orders in council,
or the decrees of Napoleon, because these extended
only to the commerce of belligerent nations. But
the resolutions were more extensive than these de-
crees or the orders in council; and that being so,
when the Senator had got his resolutions in, he
cried aloud, "Now that they are here, if you do not
pass them you surrender the principle—not only
the right, but the principle—and therefore you
must mark well what you are about." Well, no w,
the Senator from South Carolina was not content
with making that short speech which he deliv-
ered in the running discussion on the introduction
of the resolutions, but he also made an elaborate
speech on the passage of the resolutions. The
resolutions having been referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, who had charge of the sub-
ject—though he introduced them not as from that
committee, but had them referred to it, just as I
now propose to do with regard to the resolutions
now before the Senate—and having undergone a
slight modification, which went to limit the extent
of jurisdiction, they were reported back by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and were passed
by the unanimous vote of the Senate of the United
States. Here I find the vote—" Ayes; Allen, &c.
Nays: none." Now, this was upon a point of ipari-
time law—that law by which the British empire is
sustained, far more than by that thing which is
called the British constitution—that law which
holds her vast commercial system together—that
maiitime law was to be affected by this inter-
pretation of it. But it was all harmless then!—
nay, the Senator from South Carolina was so ar-
dent in his advocacy of the resolutions, that he
took occasion to call on all other parts of the Union
to come to their support, claiming especial credit
for the South—that's the word—for having gone
into two wars upon what he was pleased to cSl
more northern than southern questions. You
have heard, in the extract just read, how the Sen-
ator had spoken of the gallant devotion of the
South—how they had perilled everything they
held dear—that they were always ready to light 
and therefore he called upon all to come and stand
up with the South in defence of the resolutions,
and sustain this great southern question, fight or
no fight. All this was perfectly right then. But
it seems to be quite wrong in me now. But no-
body complained of the Senator. I did not com-
plain of it then. I do not complain of it now.
