1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill to direct the
President of the United States to sell the reserved
mineral lands in the State of Illinois, and Territo-
ries of Wisconsin and Iowa, supposed to contain
lead ore, reported the same back, without amend-
ment. Mr. B. also submitted a report on the sub-
ject, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Charles G. Page, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read a first and second time, by-
unanimous consent, considered as in committee
of the whole, reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
following resolutions; which were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding additional subordinate officers of the cus-
toms at the port of New Orleans, for the better
security and protection of the revenue at that port.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the port of New Orleans so as to include
the city of Lafayette.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved that the resolution
reported by the Committee on Indian Afi'airg, in
relation to the publication of a history of the re-
lations of the United States Government with va-
rious Indian tribes, be taken from the table for
action.
Mr. J. snid lie made the motion, in order to fol-
losv it by a motion for a recommittal of the reso-
lution, that the committee might modify it so as to
avoid tfu* objections made to ir. by some of the
Senators a few days since, and also to make it n
joint resolution.
The motion to take up was agreed to, and the
resolution was recommitted to the Committee oil
Indian Affairs,
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate take up
for consideration the following resolution, nitio-
dlKvil by hull yesterday;
AYvu/iv</, Thai the President, of the United Stall's
be requested to communicate to the Senate any
correspondence which may have taken place be-
tM'ccu tiie Government of the United States and
ministers of the United States abroad, on the sub-
ject of Oregon, since the last communication of the
President, so far ns.ifr his judgment, such commu-
nication may be made without prejudice to the pub-
lie interests.
Mr._ SEVIER expressed a hope that the resolu-
tion might be permitted to lie over for a day or two.
Mr. WEBSTER had no objection to the delay.
But he had learned yesterday,'in the course of de-
bate, that despatches had been received by our
Government since the last correspondence, which
had been publicly communicated ; and his object
was merely to obtain what might be properly com-
municated before tho discussion on the subject
came up. The President could return his answer
whenever ho thought it proper to do so.
Mr. SEVIER still hoped that the resolution
would be allowed to lie over for a day or two.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, then, I shall call up
the resolution on the day after to-morrow.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that, the regular orders of
the day be postponed, and that the Senate take up
for consideration tiie following bill, which had been
engrosssed for a third reading:
A BILIt establishing certain post-routes.
Be if cmtrtcd by the ftcnate mid }1owe of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
there he, and is hereby, established a pnsiioute I'rom New
Orleans, in the State of Louisiana, alow* the gulf coast, tu
Galveston, thence to Velasco, to Matagorda, to Tass Aran-
sas, ami to Corpus Christian Texas, by land or vvatei, as
the Postmaster General may deem expedient; that a post
route be also established from Galveston to the city of
Hointon, thence to Montgomery, to Washington, to Inde-
pendence, to La Grange, to Bastrop, anrt thence to the city
of Austin; from Galveston, via the city of Houston. Ran
Felipe de Austin, I/a Grange, and Bastrop to Austin. ' Also
the following routes: tiom Fulton, in the State of Arkansas,
via Boston, Clarknille, Bonhani, and Palls of tho Brazos
to Austin; from Natchitoches, via Sabinetown, Naco2
doches, Crockett, and Washington, to La Grange; from
Shreveport, in the State of Louisiana, via Pulaski, to Na-
cogdoches; from Velasco, via Brazoria, Texan a, Victoria,
and Goliad, to San Antonio de Bexar: from the city of
Houston to Robin's Feiry; from Austin to San Antomo de
Bexar. And that it be the duty of the Postmaster General
to contract for carrying a mail on said routes as soon as
can conveniently be done utter the passage of this act.
Mr. FAIRFIELD proposed that the bill for the
augmentation of the navy, which was made the
special order for to-day, be taken up; but, at the
request of Messrs. Ashley and Sevier, he with-
drew his suggestion. The bill above published
was considered, and passed unanimously.
AUGMENTATION OF THE NAVY.
The bill providing for the augmentation of the
naval force of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, was then taken up for consideration.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the following
amendment, offered by him several days since,
and which was also made a portion of the special
order of this day:
" Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the en-
' tire proceeds from the sales of the public lands
' accruing to tho United States be, and the same
' are hereby,appropriated to the immediateimildiiig
' and equipment of ten additional steam vessels at
' war ot the first class of fiigatcs: and forthis pur-
' pose, the President of the united States is hei-eby
' authorized to apply forthwith the sum of two
' millions and seventy-seven thousand dollars,
' being the amount received during the past year
' from land sales, out of any money m the treas-
' ury not otherwise appropriated; said vessels to
' be constructed of the same material as the vessels
' provided for in the first section ol" this bill."
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, this bill having been
presented to the Senate unaccompanied by a report
fYom the Committee on .Naval Affairs, some ex-
planation of its principles and details, and of tho
views in which it originated, will probably be ex-
pected. That duty, devolving as it did upon him-
self, should lie performed as briefly as the nature
of the case would admit, and without any attempt j
at elaboration or ornament. i
The lull provides fur an augmentation of our j
naval force; and though all should concur in its
propriety, or in an increase to some extent at!
least, the reasons for such assent, may be various
if not diverse. And for this, among other reasons, ,
! the presentation of the bill was not accompanied j
| by a ivpoi t iioni the committee. They picferied !
j that, not, only each member of the committee, but [
! thrit each member of the Senate might be at full j
j liberty to give his support to the hill without com- '
j mitting himself to any particular views, whether
. bellicose or peaceful, though for himself, he (Mr.
F.) could conceive of no view of the subject in-
compatible with a ready support of the measure
now proposed.
To those who are averse to war under any cir-
cumstances, and to those who cannot and will not
discern any specks of war in the distant horizon,
this bill may still commend itself. Our unexam-
pled increase of population, business, and wealth
—our widely-extended and growing commerce—
ihe respect with which we should endeavor, as a
matter of interest at least, if from no higher con-
sideration, to inspire foreign nations, will afford
abundant justification for "the measure now pro-
posed. The commerce of the country is no sec-
tional or partial interest. Through this, nearly
the whole revenues of the country are derived; and
every man who is liable to pay a tax is, more or
less, directly interested m its protection and its
success, and this commerce is almost entirely with-
out prptcctinn. The committee have not, there-
fore, hesitated in coming to the conclusion—or
rather he should speak for himself ns a member
of it—that, independently of any anticipated emiy
rupture of the peaceful and friendly relations sub-
sisting between this and foreign countries, an in-
crease of our naval force is highly expedient, if not
absolutely necessary. At the worst, in the lan-
guage of the Secretary, it will be but an " anticipa-
tion of what at an early day would he required
even in case of the establishment of harmony with
all nations."
But other views may be taken, and for one he
was not disposed to blink them. It cannot be the
part of wisdom to shut our eyes to the true condi-
tion of tilings. Dangers are not avoided or dimin-
ished by refusing to look them resolutely in the
face. For himself, he might indulge unnecessary
apprehensions; but he thought he saw a spirit
abroad in the earth that would yet compel us,
whatever may be our notions of war, and however
peaceful our inclinations, to arm in self-defence—
to fight for our very political existence.
It is true that the principles and policy of our
Government, the character, pursuits, and senti-
ments of our people, all tend, in an eminent and
almost irresistible degree, to the maintenance of
peace and good-fellowship with the whole world;
yet no one can fail to perceive that the elements of
war, now apparently slumbering, may be set in
commotion by a word or a breath. The demo-
cratic principle—the principle of self-government—
is making a sure, if not rapid progress in the
world. If the rotten governments of the Old
World are not now reeling under its influence, the
time is not far distant when they will be shaken to
their very centre. And when they shall topple and
fall, as he religiously believed they would, the
shouts of joy that would go up from the down-
trodden and oppressed millions would not be more
distinctly heard, than the principle of eternal pro-
gress would be distinctly visible. But this is not
to be accomplished without a struggle. No one is
so weak as to suppose it. The pleasures of power
are never voluntarily relinquished. Too long have
a small portion of tne human race rioted upon the
the spoils wrung from the toil and sweat, and from
the blood even, of the masses, to relinquish them
without a long, a desperate, and an agonizing
struggle. And in this struggle, will the altar from
which this democratic fire is kindled be overlook-
ed? Will democratic America, from which these
glorious influences are constantly emanating, be
regarded with a friendly eye ? Wilt there be no
attempt to extinguish the sun which has thus been
illuminating all the dark places of the earth, and
carrying light and life to poor, crushed, down-
trodden humanity ? For one, he could not doubt,
| with thedistingiiishcd Senator from Michigan, that
; the conflict was to come; and when, on our side,
j it is for truth, for liberty, for humanity—for the
! great principles that he at the foundation of the
j \v Ml-being of man—when it is for the preservation
i and maintenance of our own free institutions,—in
I God's nnnie let it come—the sooner, the better. Of
j the result of such a contest, an infidel only could
| doubt. The progress of humanity is a decree
1 which humanity itself cannot resist, lie who at-
tempts it, attempts it but to be crushed and over-
whelmed. In that great,contest, it is clear that the
only true republic upon earth—we, the people of
the United States—will have to play a conspicuous
part. Our destiny must be fulfilled ; and he who
would shrink from the responsibilities and duties
which the enjoyment of liberty imposes, is un-
worthy of those enjoyments.
To many, these views and apprehensions might
appear to be farfetched, if not visionary. He
could not regard them so. He could not regard
them as entirely unworthy of consideration, even
when regulating our military and naval establish-
ments, especially when we hear from across the
waters the doctrine of the balance of power so
avowed and extended ns to embrace the continent
of America; and when we see so flagrant an in-
stance of unauthorized and unjustifiable interfer-
ence with the affairs of this continent as that lately
witnessed at Buenos Ayres. For one, he wouli
like to see that act properly rebuked, and the par-
ties be made to understand that it was not to be,
and would not be, tolerated. The same remarks
would apply to the interference of the same parties
in our negotiations with Texas.
But he would pass to matters that no one could
regard as of remote interest to us, or in any sense
visionary. He would refer to the presc-nt existing
difficulties between this country and England, and
he did not use the plural tense accidentally. He
knew that to the eyes of many but one subject of
difficulty presents itself. He wished it were so.
But the hardy fishermen and lumbermen know
that it is not so. Difficulties now scarcely known
beyond the boundaries of Maine, and which, if
known, may be regarded as of very little impor-
tance, may yet assume a magnitude now little
dreamed of. The speck no bigger than a man's
hand may yet swell into a dark and portentous
cloud.
By the convention concluded at London on the
20th of October, 1818, the right of fishing on the
coasts of Labrador and New Foundland was sup-
posed to have been secured to the United States;
and yet, by a construction grossly erroneous and
unjustifiable, the fishing vessels of Maine are al-
most daily seized and confiscated under the de-
crees of petty provincial courts, while in the en-
joyment of clear treaty privileges, if not of their
clear natural rights. By the convention alluded
