252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
to, the citizens of the United States were prohib-
ited only from taking fish within three miles of the
coast. To a common mind this would seem to
present no difficulty. Three miles from the coast
or shore is a phrase involving: no ambiguity, and
ought not to be a subject of difference between
parties of any intelligence and uprightness of in-
tention. British ingenuity, however—he would
not say stimulated by British rapacity—has dis-
covered that the proper mode of ascertaining this
distance is to draw a direct line from a point three
miles outside of one cape or headland to a point
three miles outside of another cape or headland—
thereby entirely excluding our vessels from Ashing
within any of the deep indentations or bays which
abound on the coast; so that, under this construc-
tion, our vessels have been seized when actually
more than fifteen miles from any coast or shore,
and subsequently condemned for that cause in the
provincial courts.
More than one Secretary of State, he had under-
stood, had remonstrated with the British Govern-
ment for this unjustifiable course, and had de-
manded remuneration for the suffering fishermen.
Thus far, however, our remonstrances and our
demands have been treated with the coolest neglect,
if not with the most soveicign contcmpt. To some
this may appear a small matter. To Maine it is a
great matter. It is a grievance to which she will
not silently submit.
But, sir, this is not all of which Maine has to
complain, and which should be regarded too as mat-
teis of national offence, and for which the fullest
and most satisfactory reparation should be de-
manded. All will lecollect that by the late treaty
of Washington, or Ashbuiton treaty, this Govern-
ment was supposed to have secured for Maine the
free navigation of the river St. John. But let me
tell you, sir, (said Mr. F.,) it is oil moonshine.
That provision in the treaty has been evaded by a
subterfuge gross and unjustifiable—a subterfuge
utterly unworthy even of the nation practising it.
By the thiid article of that treaty it is substantially
stipulated that all the productions of that part of
the State of Maine watered by the St. John, trans-
ported down that rivei, should be dealt with as if
they were the productions of the British provinces;
that no higher duty should be imposed upon the
former than upon the latter. To evade tin* pro-
vision, and prevent Maine from deriving any ad-
vantage under it, tlus de\ice is resorted to: A
heavy duty is imposed upon timber passing down
the river, alike upon that cut upon the British and
American sides of the line, adhering, it was ad-
mitted, to the letter of the treaty. But to compen-
sate the piovmcial opeiator fur this exorbitant de-
mand upon his profits, or to render the tax a nul- .
lity to linn, and to render the treaty privilege en-
tirely nugatory and valueless to the citizens of :
Maine, the Government charges the provincial op-
erator nothing for c< stumpage," in down-east lan-
guage—or, in other words, for the privilege of cut-
ting the timber upon the crown lands.
You may, perhaps, recollect the story, sir, of an
old money-lender, who (having conscientious scru-
ples, no doubt) would never violate the law by
taking usurious interest. Oh, no; not he. The
note was always written for the precise amount of
money loaned, with legal interest; but then the old
Shylock always had an old hot hanging in the en-
try, which he was willing to sell to the poor bor-
rower for twenty, fifty, or a hundred dollars, as
the case might be, and thus secure his usurious in-
terest without violating the letter of the law. The
trick resorted to by the British Government, under
the treaty of Washington, if not exactly parallel,
at least falls within the same category. By this
device, the provincial lumber-man has an advantage
over the Maine lumber-man just equivalent to the
full value of the timber in the forest.
This may also be regarded by many as a matter
of small moment. To Maine it is a matter of much
moment, not only as it affects her interests, but tor
the principle involved. It is an important ques-
tion, how far bad faith and a violation of treaty en-
easrements on one side will release the other side
from its obligations. At all events, this question,
though now apparently so small, may yet create
something of a ripple upon the great ocean of in-
ternational affairs. , .
But to pass over these and similar questions,
which, as he had said before, some may be dis-
posed to regard as unimportant, we come to what
all regard as the great question of difference be-
tween this country and England; he meant the Or-
egon question. This may be settled amicably, and
it may not Let us see how it stands at the pres-
ent moment. Our right and title to this territory—
to the whole of it—from 42° up to 54° 40'—-lias
been demonstrated. The arguments of the two
distinguished Secretaries (Messrs. Calhoun and
Buchanan) are irrefragable and conclusive. They
are not only unanswered, but unansweiable. The
man who snould now question our title would find
himself subjected to the imputation of having either
a weak head or an unpatriotic heart.
But of this territory, thus incontestably ours,
England claims over nine degrees, or what lies
north of the Columbia river; and has never, upon
any occasion, or under any circumstances, mani-
fested a disposition to take less. Will she take
less? Thrice has the relinquishment of over five
degrees-—more than one-third of the whole territo-
ry—beeft offered to her, and thrice has it been re-
fused, peremptorily, if not contcmniuously. Com-
promise, then, has"failed. Liberality and conces-
sion have been met by illiberaiity and obstinacy.
The parties now stand upon their rights. Nation-
al honor and national disgrace are now involved
in the issue. That England intends to maintain
her chums, and is preparing for the result to which
it inevitably tends, is manifest. Eminent British
statesmen, embracing the different shades of party
organization, lmvn spoken in the British Parlia-
ment of an ultimatum on tlu'ir part, which, if ad-
hered to, admits of but one alternative on ours—-
assent with disgrace, or dissent with war. It is
true the voice of an individual, or of a few indi-
viduals, however exalted in station, is not always
the voice of the nation. But regarding the debate
in the British Pailiamcnt, in connexion with the
tone of the public press, the feeling manifested by
the people at large, the military and naval prepa-
rations for war which arc being vigorously pushed
by the British Government, and who can doubt
their design, and to what it!all necessarily tends.
Sir, it would be worse than folly, it would be
criminal, to shut our eyes to passing events, and
the portentous consequences neccssanly connected
with them.
The parties, then, having taken their respective
grounds, what is to follow? Are we, as the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan asks, to recede?
Shall we yield to the threats of power what we
have denied on the score of justice and equity?
Shall our feats be made to pander to our disgrace?
JSever ! The spirit of our fathers must lmve ceased
I to animate us ore we can submit to disgrace so
| marked, so indelibly burnt, as it would be, into
, our very foreheads. Much as war is dreaded by
the American people—dreadful and disastrous as
are its consequences, theie is yet a spirit in our
people that would court it as a boon and a bless-
ing, rather than incur the blighting and scathing
eflect of dishonor and disgrace. For war, under
such circumstances, wo are always prepared,
though we had not a gun mounted nor a soldier
enlisted. If he knew his own heart, this was said
in no vain and boasting spirit. To boast of our
prowess, would but portiay our weakness. To
attempt to influence such a power as England by
gasconade, would be idle and ridiculous. But to
rely with calm, steady, sagacious, and firm confi-
dence in our capacities and our power—in the jus-
tice of our cause—in the warm hearts, strong arms,
and sound patriotism of our people, and in the
blessings of Providence, could neither be weak
nor presumptuous.
Under all the circumstances of the case, then,
what is it our duty to do? Should we go upon
the ground that war is inevitable, and make suita-
ble preparations to meet it? If so, this bill falls
infinitely short of what it should be. Should we,
on the other hand, regard peace as certain, and be-
yond the possibility of a rupture, and so do no-
thing? Tnis, he apprehended, would be equally
erroneous and short-sighted. The wise course,
then, it appeared to him, was, to make such a be-
ginning, 'as, while it may not be entirely incom-
patible with a state of peace, may yet afford to the
country some sense of security against sudden at-
tacks of the enemy upon our seaport towns. This
medium, the Committee on Naval Affairs have
endeavored .to attain in the present bill, and they
cannot but entertain the hope that a large majori-
ty of the Senate will be found to concur with
them.
Thus far, no reference has been made to our ex-
isting relations with Mexico; and yet in'these, rela-
tions some may find their strongest reasons for the"
support of this bill. In case of actual hostilities
between the United States and Mexico, there could
be no doubt, he apprehended, that an additional
steam force would be absolutely indispensable. To
encounter the winds and currents or the Gulf of
Mexico, and to meet the kind of service that would
be required on the Mexican coast, steam-ships '
would be peculiarly adapted. Whether that power
would yet manifest the fatuity and folly of pro-
voking a war with us, remained to be seen.
Enough, however, he apprehended, was seen to
justify us in increasing our force to the extent pro-
vided in this bill.
An additional consideration in favor of this bill,
and one entitled to no little weight, may be found
in the fact that it is drawn, substantially, in con-
formity with the recommendations of the distin-
guished gentleman at the head of the Navy De-
partment. The Secretary of the Senate will please
to read the communication addressed to the com-
mittee in reply to their inquiries.
« Na.vy Department, January 8,1846.
" Sir : In reply to the inquiries proposed in your letter of
the 22d ultimo, 1 have the lionor to enclose to you a very
full repoit from the heads of bureaux of this depart-
ment.
"Although the naval preparations of commercial nations
winch are struggling to maintain tiiemselves in an unnatu-
ral position of grcatnobS, is no criterion for a country like
ours, which seeks only the occupation and defence of its
own territory, the protection of its citizens and their inter-
ests, and the development of its own icsources: and al-
though the existing naval establishment of the United States
appears sufficient m all but sea going steamers, for a con-
ihuon of ascertained and undisturbed peace, yet the present
aspect of our foreign relations makes it a duty to suggest to
the Committee on Naval Affairs the propriety of greater
preparations than the ordinary annual appropriations con-
template.
" These greater preparations .should consist, as far as pos-
sible, of such expenditures as will be but anticipations of
what, at an early day, would be required, even m case of
the establishment of harmony with all nations.
" They should consist, first, of an accumulation of naval
materials and stores necessary for the rapid equipment of
the vessels which are afloat, for such of those on the stocks
as it may be desirable to employ, and for such others as
Congress may authorize to be built. If means are granted,
immediate measures can be adopted for the collection of
such materials} and stores; and the early purchase of many
of them would he but an anticipation of what would soon
be required for ordinary expenditures.
"The second branch of expense that should at once be
authorized at the discretion of the President, should be the
repair and equipment of all the vessels in ordinary, and of
the frigates and sloops on the slocks. Were such authority
and means granted, the President could exercise a more free
judgment in the selection of vessels for immediate prepara-
tion, whilst the actual expenditure could be limited to ex-
isting urgencies for the vessels, and unprofitable outlays be
avoided, if peace should continue.
"It is also advisable that the limitation heretofore im-
posed on enlistments in the navy, by which the number Is
confined to 7,500 seamen, be suspended for a definite pe-
riod, and that further enlistments be authorized and pro-
vided for.
"It is further proper, even in the event of peace, to in-
crease our sea-going steameis. Atpresent, the United States
have but two, the" Princeton andtne Mississippi, that can
cruise at sea. X would lecommerid that authority be granted
for the construction of three steam-frigates, five st^am-sloops,
and two steamers of a smaller class. Such an increase
would not be disproporuonate to our resources or wants in
a time of profound tranquillity.
" It will also become necessary to increase the ordnance
and ordnance stores. This again would be but an anticipa-
tion of expense, which at an, early day must in any contin-
gency be required.
"A system of steamers for harbor defence, to he tho-
roughly effectual, would involve the necessity of a fleet of
steamers for each harbor in the country. The enormous
expense would be further increased by the annual repairs
which would require a repetition of the whole outlay once
m seven or eight years. It is still further to be considered,
that these steamers, being only for harbors and coasts,
would, in time of peace, prove a costly burden without an
adequate equivalent. In the event of war, the immediate
employment of mercantile ships and steamers, for the de-
fence of ports, in co-operation with resident citizens, would
be attended with a less aggregate cost, and the facility of
invention and activity of patnotism would, as daBger ap-
proached, be quickened to devise methods of defence,
which, though somewhat irregular, would prove effective
till a force could be organized suitea to the emergency.
" Inquiries are now making into the capacity of our mer-
cantile steamers for being thus employed, and the result shall
be communicated to you so soon as received.
" The danger to be apprehended from inroads upon our
territory by hostile fleets will be greatly diminished by the
disasters consequent on storms, the necessity of frequent
returns to port for supplies of provisions and water, the su-
peradded want to steamships of fuel, the general inaccessi-
bility of the coast from shallowness of water, the certainty
of vigorous resistance on the part of our citizens in the more
densely peopled legions, and the uselessness of naval attacks
on a sparsely settled coast for any permanent influence on
the issue of a war. These circumstances have, in all times
past, made great navai expeditions almost fruitless of results
against remote settlements on land.
" The measures recommended, if adopted, will not involve
