1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
useless expense even on the continuance of tranquillity, and
seem to be sufficient as precautionary against any contin-
gency that is likely to occur, and as preliminary to a more
extended organization in the event it should become ne-
cessary. It will place the navy in a condition to inspire
respect, to render aid in protecting our commerce, and to
contribute effectively towards the preservarion of peace.
« GEORGE BANCROFT."
This document (continued Mr. P.) speaks for
itself, and needs no comment of mine. It bears
the characteristics of its origin. It is brief, com-
prehensive, clear, forcible, and just. The com-
mittee hare substantially complied with its recom-
mendations, and, they hope, with the approbation
of the Senate. -
It might not perhaps be improper, if the Senate
would have patience with him, to furnish precise
and accurate information in regard to the condition
of our navy, which he was enabled to do by in-
formation communicated by the heads of the naval
bureaus.
We have now at sea, or in port ready for ser-
vice, one ship of the line, six frigates, fifteen sloops
of %var, six brigs or schooners, four armed store-
ships, one sea-steamer, and one steamer on Lake
Erie.
In ordinary, and which can be equipped in three
month, two ships-of-the-line, one razee, two frig-
ates, four sloops, one sea-steamer, two coast-
steamers, and two brigs; and one ship-of-the-lme
for harbor service. In ordinary, and that can be
equipped in su' months, another ship-of-the-line,
one frigate, and two sloops. And in twelve months,
two small frigates could bo razeed to large corvette
sloops.
This would give an aggregate force of live ships-
of-the-line, one razee, nine frigates, two sea-steam-
ers, twenty-three sloops, eight brit'S and schoon-
ers, two harbor-steamers, and four armed store-
ships.
In addition to the foregoing, there are upon the
stocks tti the different navy-yards, four ships-of-
the-line, three frigates, and Iwo sluopa-ot-wur; one
iron steamer building at Pittsburg, one for har-
bor defence contracted for at fVew York, and one
ship-of-the-line, partially finished, at Sachett s
Harbor, on Lake Ontario.
Of these, there could lie completed in three
months one frigate and one sloop; in si.e months,
two frigates, one sloop, and the steamer at I'itts-
bmg; in tiretre months, two ships-of-the-line; in
ftftnn months, two more /ships-of-the-line; which,
added to the aggregate number of those alloat and
in ordinary, would give us a navy of nine ships-
of-the-line, one razee, twelve frigates, three sea-
steamers, twenty-five sloops, eight brigs and
schooners, two harbor-steamers, and four armed
store-ships. We have also on hand, and in good
condition, complete live-oak frames for twehe
ships-of-the-line, twelve frigates, five sloops-of-
war, three smaller sailing vessels, two sea-steamers,
and one coast-steamer; and incomplete live-oak
frames for three ships-of-the-line, four frigates,
three sloops, and two smaller sailing-vessels, two
sea and two coast-steamers, and a white oak frame
for a coast steamer. Contracts, it is understood,
have been made fill- completing the frames of the
ships-of-the-lino and frigates.
The other materials on hand it may not be ne-
cessary at this time to enumerate.
In view of these statements, it will be perceived
that the country is not quite so destitute, lie would
not say of resources, but of almost immediate means,
of defence, as many have seemed to suppose. Jt
has become fashionable of late, in certain quarters,
to decry and undervalue our own means and re-
sources, and to magnify those of England. Com-
paring the condition of the two countries now with
what they were at the commencement of the last
war, the advantage will be perceived to be infinite-
ly in our favor. At all events, no reason can be
perceived for yielding any of our just rights to a
foreign Power, or of submitting to national indig-
nity and wrong, because we are incapable of pro-
tecting the one or of resenting the other. A just
estimation of our means will not be likely to'im-
pair a just appreciation of our rights.
But notwithstanding this favorable view of our
present condition and resources, it is clear that
something further should be done. In regard to
our vessels upon the stocks, and those in ordinary,
this bill invests the President with power to com-
Slete the one class and repair the other, as he may
eem the exigencies of the country to require.
The sum proposed to be appropriated for this pur-
pose is, to be sure, somewhat large. But surely
this need not create alarm to those who have con-
fidence in the President. If there shall be no pros-
pect of war, as many insist, why, then, this ap-
propriation amounts to nothing. It stands upon
the statute book, but not a dollar is taken from the
treasury. But if Senators should be mistaken,
and war should actually occur, or its near ap-
proach be perceived to be inevitable, surely all
would then admit the propriety of the appropria-
tion for the purposes named. If the appropriation
was outright, depending upon no contingency, but
to be expended at all events, he admitted that we
might well hesitate to make it; but as it is contin-
gent, and only to be used in case of necessity, he
trusted the Senate would not withhold it.
The naval supplies, materials, and ordnance
provided for, it is believed will be needed under
any circumstances. The appropriation for this
purpose is much smaller than that recommended
by the chiefs of the bureaus; but, under all the
circumstances, it is hoped will prove sufficient. At
all events, he could not think the Senate would re-
gard this amount as unreasonably large, but would
cheerfully vote it.
The building of the. steamers provided for in the
first section is, at the worst, but an anticipation
of what will be required at an early day, should
our peaceful relations with all nations remain en-
tirely undisturbed; and, under any circumstances,
it is believed that this kind of naval force will be
found peculiarly adapted to the wants of the coun-
try. England and France have a long start of us
in this respect; and though he would not propose
a rivalship with either in regard to number and
force of war-steamers, or in amount ofexpendi-
ture, yet he was persuaded that some approxima-
tion to a medium point ought to be at once at-
tempted. Having |K) colonies in distant parts of
the world to look after, or rebellious subjects
abroad and at home to control, but operating at a
point, as it were—for by the rapidity of steam
navigation, our whole coast is reduced to a point—-
and abounding in facilities ofevcry description, our
naval power might be equal, for all practical and
valuable purposes, to that of Kngliind, though far
inferior in a numerie.il point of view.
As a last suggestion in favor of this bill, he de-
sired permission to say, that all the indications he
had seen or heard of popular expectation upon this
subject—and he had taken some pains to inform
himself, not relying upon the public prints—were
decidedly in favor of this or some similar measure.
There is a strong feeling among the people in favor
of putting the country in a posture of defence; and
especially are their eyes turned towards the navy.
The navy has ever been, and justly so, a favorite
with the country. Its gallant services through the
Tripolitan difficulties, its brilliant and glorious ca-
reer during the war of 1812, will never be forgotten
by the American people. Its glorious achieve-
ments arc not. only graven upon our memories, but
are consecrated by our love of country, and by the
noblest attributes that dignify and adorn the char-
acter of the mail anil the patriot.
It is true, there may have been, and still are,
abuses that need correction. No human institu-
tion is perfect. They are, however, but spots upon
the sun; and even these, under the wise, sagacious,
and energetic administration of "bur present able
and distinguished Secretary, are fast disappearing.
One word in regard to the amendment proposed
by his friend from Indiana, and he would have
done. He wished he could regard it with more
favor, knowing the spirit with which it was offered.
That gentleman is always actuated by noble, and
patriotic impulses. In this case, however, Mr. F.
feared his zeal needed to be tempered by discretion.
Should this amendment be adopted, it might have
the effect of breaking down the bill, tie should
therefore feel compelled to vote against it.
Mr. BENTON said that he had not made any
war speeches because he had not seen anything to
justify it. He had not seen anything to justify
war speeches or war measures. The bill which
was now before the Senate was brought forward
as a war measure. It was so intimated by the Sec-
retary of the Navy; it was so advocated by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
it so appears on the face of the bill itself. It was
a war measure. We were now brought to the
point when the Senate of the United States were
called on to present, in the face of Europe and the
American people, their opinion of approaching
war. That was the question which we were now
to present in the face of Europe and America. He
apprehended that they had not reached that ques-
tion, and for himself he was ready to pronounce
against it, going in toto against the bill framed in
accordance with the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Navy. What was the bill ? The first
section authorized the building of ten steam-ships,
or vessels of war, three of them of the class of fri-
gates. The second section gave an absolute power
to the President, authorizing him to put into instant
active service all the vessels now on the stocks.
The contingency on which the President was to
exercise this discretion was not even stated, and
therefore the authority was absolute. The section
authorized the President to bring into active and
immediate service every ship on the stocks and in
ordinary, without stating the contingency which
should take the authority from Congress. Another
secUon, the last, proposed to abolish the limitation
as to the number of men, and the amount of naval
force was to be left without any limitation what-
ever. For the puipose of carrying out the object
of the bill, five millions and three-quarters were to
be appropriated. In addition to the ten steam-ships
of war, two millions were proposed to be added by
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
IIannegan.] It was not, however, in the bill; and
he would not further allude to it. But here was an
amount of five millions and three-quarters to be
added to the naval establishment of the year. What
were these expenses now? They were six million
three hundred and ninety thousand dollars; and it
wan proposed to add five millions and three-quar-
ters—making, in all, twelve millions in one year for
thenav}' of the United States !
Were we, after our experience six years ago,
when a great party was overturned, and when
the argument was used that the Government
should be administered for thirteen millions, and
that it would be wasteful and extravagant to go
beyond that amount, were we now lo vote twelve
millions for the navy.' But did we stop hoc? We
must have our armament, our guns; and every
gun required at least ten men, and every man re-
quired two hundred and twenty-six dollars for his
support. So that, when we vote for a certain
number of guns, we vote for a certain number of
men, and ten men for every gun. If, then, we
vote an addition to our navy to-day of five hun-
dred guns, we vote for the addition of five thou-
sand men to the naval establishment. With this
there was to be a repeal of the limit of enlistment.
The bill came forward as a war measure; for, he
asked, could anybody point to a naval peace estab-
lishment which required twelve millions per an-
num, without counting the men to be enlisted after-
wards, swelling the entire amount to $13,000,000,
when the expenses of the whole Government,
according to the estimates, were but twentv-one
millions? If the bill reported by the Senator from
Maine [Mr. FairfieldJ should be adopted, leav-
ing out the proposition of the Senator fi 0111 Indiana,
[Mr. IIannegan,] we should have this amount of
thirteen millions, out of the twenty-one millions,
for naval defence. He was opposed to the bill,
on account of the enormity of apjiropriation for
any single arm of national defence; more than that,
lie was opposed to it as a war measure. He was
opposed to it, because he was not willing that the
American Senate should, by passing it, declare
to the American people and to Europe, that
we had an idea of war, and therefore deemed it
necessary to make warlike preparations. He
trusted that he had some fair perception of what
every nation was bound to do for itself. He had
given some proof of this heretofore. He had voted
for appropriations for a judicious increase of the
navy of the United States, according to the ma-
tured policy which was adopted; and that was, to
appropriate about a million a year for a gradual
and regular increase of the navy, and its armament
and equipment. He had heretofore voted for this
appropriation; and as a similar amount appeared
in the estimate for the present year, he expected
to vote for it again. He had, then, in specific ap-
propriations, shown that he was not at all blind to
the propriety of defence. We could all recollect
that, ten years ago, we had a large surplus of
money, and that various plans were presented for
disposing of it. He, at that time, presented one
for the permanent defence of the country, appro-
priating the whole amount for this purpose; but it
was subsequently divided among the States. He
