W-
256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27..
Government has adhered for the last thirty years
and more. And now let me ask the Senator from
Missouri most respectfully, what has been the re-
sult of that matured plan ? Have you a tenable
fortification on your seaboard ? If you have, I am
altogether misinformed. Are not those great
mouths, the Delaware and Chesapeake, open for
the entrance of any enemy who may seek us? I
have the authority of military and naval men of the
highest standing for saying that an invading army
could find no serious obstacle to their entrance into
this citv, save that alone which would be present-
ed by the patriotic hearts and strong arms of our
hastily summoned countrymen ! This, sir, is the
result of that "matured plan." The city of New
York, as I am informed by one of her representa-
tives, lies exposed. Philadelphia and Boston are
comparatively quite defenceless. And yet wc are
not authorized, at the present crisis, to take any
steps for the better defence of the country ! Sir, I
ask, can we indeed be blind to those signs, full of
threatening, which now darken the horizon, and to
which allusion has been so frequently made that
to describe them were almost an idle repetition ?
The single circumstance that England and France
are at this time creating a marine force greater than
that existing at any antecedent period of their his-
tory, has surely some significance. They are in
creasing their naval force with unexampled celeri-
ty. And not only is she increasing hor marine,
but England is also fortifying her coast. Who
will tell me of an existing difficulty between
England and Prance? Against whom but the
United States does Great Britain fortify her
coast' Does she dread a French invasion ? Who
would heed it: A French invasion ! The thought
is idle. Speaking a different language—cherishing
the hostility of centuries—inspired by; hereditary
prejudice and hatred—a French army in England,
though headed by Napoleon, would be annihilated
in less than twenty days. It is from this Union
alone that England can dread an invasion. Speak-
in <* the same language—descended from the same |j
common stock—possessing institutions which ap- |j
proximate more closely than those of any other j
nation on earth to hers, and to which a large por- i
tion of her people are ready to yield their sympa- jj
thies, being now almost in a condition of revolt— ]j
we present the only quarter from which England ji
dreads an invasion. Her wise and sagacious states- jj
men—she has had many such, and still can point to Jj
many such—would lau'sh to scorn the idea of a ij
successful invasion of her soil by any European jj
power. I
But it is said there is no cause of difficulty—no jj
prospect, no dread of a difficulty growing out of i|
this Oregon question. If no difficulty grows out ji
of it, England will assume a ground which never ij
before in'her history she has assumed. Perhaps j1
I am indiscreet in my movement; but I comprc- ,
herid the past history of England; 1 have read and
studied it from childhood, and in no one in- ,
stance has she ever receded from a high position i
which she has assumed. This country will not j
recede Ohio, Western Pennsylvania, Western j
New York, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Missouri, j
Kentucky, Tennessee—will never surrender one j
jot nor tittle—never! We hear from home, daily ,
and nightly, messages of the spirit that stirs the j
people." But this morning the mail brought us in- |
tellio-ence that the Missouri convention had unani- >
mously adopted, as I was informed by my friend j
from Missouri, who usually sits here, [Mr. Atch- ;
isov.l the resolution fixing our boundary at 54 4U :
now and forever. Indiana is of the same mmd, I
venture to say, and so is Ohio, and so—I ike not J
to speak in lieu of my friend from Kentucky over j
'he way—but such I gather from every account is t
.the state of feeling in that gallant State. But will j
England recede so far as even to accept the propo- ,
sHion of 49°? Her history teaches us that she will
not I say it would be an anomaly m English
policy if she would so recede. Is there no pros-
Sect of a difficulty with Mexico? Is there truth or
Falsehood in the statements we hear of the con-
temptuous reception of our Minister ? Has he suc-
ceeded in his designs or intentions ? W e know he
has no "we know he cannot; we know-every
man of us must know-that it is utterly impossible
to adjust our difficulties with Mexico while Fiance
and En-land maintain their present position to-
wm-ds us. And if Mexico strikes a blow against
,is! it will be only because she knows she is backed
US, It Will "l-"1"; " . . , ,i,„ ^0„li, atinn
by lhei?i.
ptit forth by Guizot. Do we imagine that Prance
and England will permit the United States to anni-
hilate Mexico? They cannot—they will not. They
would be false to their own professions—to the po-
sition they assume towards her—if they do. But
who shall pretend to say that England and France
are not holding Mexico in her present position ?
Who is there that can penetrate their policy, or di-
vide the impenetrable veil wh*h shrouds their
schemes? None, sir, none. There is one feature
in English policy to which her bitterest enemy
must yield his greatest admiration: It is the se-
cresy with which her designs are ever cloaked,
whilst she is preparing for their execution—so es-
sential to the celerity of her movements, and the
overwhelming force of her blow when these de-
signs are matured for execution.
Sir, I maintain that'we should at once begin to
put our country in a proper state of defence. Our
commerce is on every sea. We hold intercourse
with every nation. Our enterprising fellow-citi-
zens are m evtry clime, nobly illustrating the ex-
pansive energies of their native country, and, as I
believe, pioneers of liberty in all lands. You have
all these to protect. I am not for war. As a rep-
resentative of the great and growing West, I am
not for war. I am for peace. But it must be an
honorable peace. I am for preserving the integ-
rity of our soil at every hazard. So far am I for
war and no farther. It has been charged that wc
in the West desire war for war's sake. I repel the
infamous insinuation. I repel the foul charge. We
are as much opposed to war for war's sake as he
who dwells on the farthest point of land that juts
out into the Atlantic. But we are united in an ear-
nest determination to preserve that which involves
our honor; and as one of the representatives of the
western people, when I press for measures that go
to the ascertaining and maintenance of that honor
and our territory, 1 am bound to oiler something
substantial. I want no war to come such as the
last. war. I want no repetition of the scenes wit-
nessed at Hampton and Havre dc Grace! I want
the coast defended by an adequate force. And
here, let me ask, how long this or any Adminis-
tration would stand that would enter on a war,
and yet neglect to make proper preparation ? Not
a month would it last. Let me say one word in
ielation to the "partyisin" of this question. It is
no party question, sir. It addresses itself to all.
It is a mighty American question, rising proudly
from its pedestal, and overshadowing all other
questions. It is one elevated fur above the dust
and turmoil of party conflict, like the snow-clad
peaks of one of our own niountains—that, lifis itself
up above the heavy fogs which overhang the plains
beneath, and reposes serenely in the pure and
cloudless ether. This question addresses itself not
to party, but to that common love of a common
country which exists in every true American heart.
1 go for the country, and every foot of it; and I
go for putting the country in a proper state of de-
fence, so as to prevent the desolating consequences
of war. I would avoid the possibility that ever
again an enemy's foot should press and pollute this
carpet; that ever hereafter an enemy's hand should
deface these silent, but ever-eloquent monuments
of our glorious progress; that ever hereafter an
. invader's hand should give to the flames the build-
j ings containing the archives of the Republic. 1 go
' for protecting this land, and every foot of this land,
from the footsteps of the invader. I go for pro-
tecting our fair daughters from insult and brutal
violation; and for the accomplishment of that, what
is the whole round sum proposed? Can you weigh
against that, sum one single American life, be it
the fair and feeble form of woman, or the athletic
form of man? 1 know not the value of a single
American life, though it be that of the poorest, the
meanest, and most obscure. It is priceless, un-
charged with crime, let it belong to whom it may.
Mr. BAGBY obtained the floor, and moved an
adjournment; but yielded to a motion by
Mr. BERRIEN, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Executive business; which motion
was agreed to. 'the Senate went into Executive
session, and, after a short time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 27, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. G. W. B. TownsJ member elect from the
State of Georgia, appeared, was qualified, and took *
his seat. / .
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order would be the call of the States for
petitions.
Mr. CULVER, on leave given, presented the
petition of Samuel S. Clark and- 43 other legal
voters of Dover, in the State of New,Hampshire,
praying that the seats occupied hy persons daim-
fna to 5c representatives in Congress from that
State be vacated, on the ground that they were
elected by general ticket, in violation of the law
of Congress; referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.  
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees in their order for reports.
Mr. LIGON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John Gray,
deceased;
A bill for the relief of Matilda Drury, accom-
panied by a report in each case ; which bills were
severally read a first and second time, and com-
mitted.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the case
of William A. Duer; which report was laid upon
the table.
On motion of Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
the President, Directors, and Company of the Union
Bank of the State of Rhode Island, and that it be
committed.
Mr. GILES, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill authorizing the erection of certain
light-houses, and for other purposes; which bill
was read twice and committed. ...   
Mr. G. also, from the Comtnittee on Commerce,
made an adverse report upon the memorials of
Walter Titus & Co., and Thomas H. Leggett &
Co., merchants of the city of New York, for a
return of duties; which report was laid upon the
table.
On motion of Mr, WENTWORTH,
Ordered, That the report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, relative to the amount-of hospital
money paid by the officers and seamen in the mer-
chant service on lakes Erie, Michigan, Ontario,
and Champlain, &c., separating the amount paid
on each lake, at what custom-houses paid, and
how expended, whether among the 1,500 seamen
arriving at Chicago monthly there has b'een any
disbursed, &c., be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. TIBBATTS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which the petition upon the subject was
referred, reported a bill making an appropriation
for the improvement of Newark bay; which bill
was read twice and committed.
Mr. EDSALL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey, relative to
the navigation of the Passaic river.
Also a petition of the citizens of the same State,
praying an appropriation for the improvement o
the same river.
Ordered, That the said resolution and petition be
committed.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the resolution
of the fiouse of Representatives of the 13th in-
stant, relative to the completion of the marine
hospitals at Pittsburg, Louisville, and Cleveland,
and that it be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported a bill to cede certain
land in the State of Tennessee to that State, and
for other purposes, accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill to repeal a part of the act en-
titled "An act supplementary to the several laws
for the sale of public lands," approved 5th April,
1832, and for other purposes, accompanied by a
report in writing; which bill was read twice and
committed.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the same com-
mittee, made a report upon the petition of Wiley
B. Parnell, accompanied by a bill for his-relief;
which was reatj. twice and committed.
