260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
by this Government to the establishment of a fu-
ture European colony on this continent. But the
President "has announced distinctly to the world, as
our settled policy, that that consent cannot be giv-
en. Sir, he who knows the character of the man—
he.who knows the stern integrity of his~political
chaiacter—he who knows the consistency of his
whole, public life—he who knows his fidelity to his
principles, must know that, during his four years,
this "settled policy" will not be unsettled by him.
Sir, he is not the man to put the distinct declara-
tion forth to the world in the name of his Govern-
ment of a settled policy, and then to sneak back
from it, to violate it, to disgrace himself and his
nation during that very presidential term in which
he gave the notice. Then, I say, that during these
four years, it is a settled, irrevocably settled ques-
tion, that no treaty fixing a boundary for the north-
ern part of Oregon can be made. Sir, the making;
of any treaty fixing a boundary, would be a pai-
pable violation of the very principle the President
has put forth in his message. Bearing this point
in mind, gentlemen will easily understand the
meaning of the President in all his recommenda-
tions—when he said that no compromise of this
question could be made which the United States
ought to accept—when he said that he reasserted
our claim to the whole continent, and maintained
it by irrefragable facts and arguments—when he
said that the notice must be given, and the exclusive
possession regained—when he said our laws must
be extended there—when he said that at the end
of the year the time would have arrived when we
must either maintain our claim or abandon the
whole of it.
Bat gentlemen say we must not assert this broad
doctrine—this principle of American independence
of all European crowns—because they say it will
lead to war. Well, sir, as I before remarked, I
know not whether it will produce war or not; 1
care not whether it will produce war, so far as it
will have an influence upon our action ; although
I am not for war, T prefer war to the abandonment
of duty and honor. Did our forefathers abandon
their resistance to the stamp act bccause it would
lead to war? There was a panic party in the coun-
try then as now—a peace party; but they did not
abandon their resistance, nor did they abandon the
declaration of independence because it would lead
to war. Tliey only stopped to inquire as to the
question of right: "Does our duly to ourselves
and to our country require us to do it? and if so,
we will do it at the hazard of life, property, and
sacred honor." That was the principle that ani-
mated them.
Sir, at a later period the States of this country
did not abandon the embargo because it would lead
to war. They did not relinquish their opposition
to the impressment of American seamen because
it would lead to war. At a later date they did not
falter on the French indemnity bccause it would
lead to war ; nor upon the right of search, nor at
a still later day on the Texas annexation. Sir, the
war argument, the war panic—that stereotyped
argument of all men that predicate their action
upon the timidity of the people—their war argu-
ment was used then as it is now. The only ques-
tion, then, for us to determine, is, as our forefathers
did, Is this policy right? Have we the right to
maintain it? If we have the right, it is our duty
to maintain it at the hazard of war: 1st, sir, in
demanding and obtaining exclusive possession of
the valley of the Columbia river, as a peace-meas-
ure under the treaty of Ghent; 2d, in refraining
from all and any negotiation about title until our
possession shall be restored; and 3dly, in maintain-
ing this position of undying, unyielding opposition
to any future European colonization on the Ameri-
can continent. Do this firmly, boldly, unitedly,
and let the consequences, sir, take care of them-
sgIvgs.
Sir, I have one word to say upon the subject of
arbitration, as I had the fortune at an early part of
the session to introduce a resolution against arbi-
tration. I announced my opposition to arbitration
then Why? Because I believe that the Ameri-
can people, being a peculiar people, with a peculiar
svstem of government unlike tli&t of trie b9.i9.nc6
of the world, which excites the prejudices of the
other nations of the world against us, it would be
unsafe trusting our rights in their hands. But,
say gentleman, " we dare not, in the eyes of the
civilized world, refuse arbitration."
But did not Great Britain refuse arbitration with
Spain in regard to this same Oregon territory in
1790 ? Again: Did not our Government refuse ar-
bitration in 1815, as to the point whether Great
Britain should restore us possession under the
treaty ofGhent? Yes; England refused it in 1790,
and then offered it in 1815, and we refused. Can
it be said, after these two refusals by the two gov-
ernments, that we cannot hereafter refuse arbitra-
tion? No, sir.
Mr. D. proceeded to say one word as to the im-
portance of Oregon, and in relation to the aggres-
sions of England, and he had done. He had al-
ready remarked that the great issue depending on
this Oregon question was the right of the freedom
of the seas. It has been the policy of Great Brit-
ain for the last century to seize upon every strong
point, maritime and military, over the whole
world; and it lias been the means by which she
has maintained her ascendency. Her own insu-
lated position and her geographical location natu-
rally controls the trade of the Baltic and of north-
ern'Europe. By her Gibraltar, Malta, and the
Ionian isles, she controls the trade of [southern
Europe, of northern Africa, and western Asia, and
converts the Mediterranean sea into a British lake.
By her possession of St. Helena, she commands
the African coast. By her Falkland isles and the
Cape of Good Hope, she guards the only naviga-
ble avenues to the Indies. By her possessions of
Canada, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia, of the
Bahamas and the. Bermudas, she stretches almost
around the United States, prescribing limits to our
improvements and growth, and dictating terms to
our intercourse with foreign nations. She has
already stretched her military network nearly
around the continent of North America, and has
innumerable fortified islands on the Pacific—each
island a British garrison, dictating terms lo com-
merce, and allowing no ship to sail or Hag to wave,
except at the dictation of a British governor, or a
British fleet. This system of British policy is
now progressing. She lias got. almost exclusive
control of the Atlantic, ant! now is endeavoring to
get a like preponderance in the Pacific. But by
this Oregon territory you open an overland com-
munication to China—a route that can be run in
hall'the time, and by which we can reach the East
Indies and all the islands of that ocean through
Uregon, across the mountains—and you destroy
her whole policy, and her ascendency on the seas.
But this policy of hers is only to be carried out
and perfected, by having possession of Oregon, and
the maritime portion too; and 1 need not tell gen-
tlemen that that maritime portion is north of 49°,
in the Straits of Fuca, Vancouver's island, and the
innumerable islands of that coast. Why, the
maritime power of the world, from the Newfound-
land fisheries on the Atlantic to the islands in the
China seas, he need not tell gentlemen, is north of
<19°. Surrender that line, and we surrender the
maritime power of the Pacific into the hands of
Great Britain; and we make her ascendency com-
plete over the seas, and then we should find that
it would also be complete upon the land.
These were the considerations which lent im-
portance to the Oregon question—the considera-
tions which make Great Britain, while she says
that Oregon is a barren rock, a waste desert not
worth having, so tenacious, nevertheless, that she
will not divide it, and take one-half when it is of-
fered to her, because she wanus the whole of it.
It is of no importance to her whether it is a barren
rock or a fertile garden. What matter is it to her
whether the Bahamas, the Bermudas, Malta, St.
Helena, and the rock of Gibraltar, are each a bar-
ren rock or a fertile garden ? They are each and
all great military and maritime stations, command-
ing the commerce of the world, protecting and sup-
plying the navies of the seas. Give up to this
power, which holds this control over all the balance
of tiie globe, this Oiegon territory, the key to the
Pacific, with its harbors, its islands, and its bays,
and she is in a position to hold in check all the na-
vies of the world, and that, too, while wc will
have the opportunity to reap all these advantages,
and that by pursuing the peaceful policy which he
advocated, by terminating this treaty, by giving
the notice, by demanding exclusive possession' of
the valley or the Columbia under the treaty of
Ghent—placing our demand on the impregnable
position which she cannot refuse—which she will
be compelled to surrender. When she surrenders
that, she breaks up the headquarters of the Hud-
son Bay Company; their headquarters broken up,
their settlements will be dispersed; an agricultural
people will grow up; the game and the fur? will
vanish, and' we be left in exclusive possession
of the country by the natural progress yf 'things,
-without war, without force, without violation' of
treaty, and without infringement of the rights of
others. All these tilings would naturally and *
peacefully fall into our hands if we would only
pursue this policy.
[A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, esq"., Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed a bill to establish certain
post routes.]
Also, informing the House that the President
had approved and signed the following bills: _
An act to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions;
An act to repeal the act amending the act ap-
pointing two inspectors-general of the army.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, submitted on
leave, the bill in relation to'establishing certain
post routes [in Texas,] was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYLY then obtained the floor, and spoke
during the hour (without concluding his argu-
ment) on the general merits of the question.
[A report of this speech is in course of prepara-
tion, and will be published in the Appendix.]
The floor was then given to
Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York, who yielded
to a motion by
Mr. BRODHEAD that the committee rise. ;
The motion was rejected.
Mr. CAMPBELL then proceeded with his re-
marks, which he directed to the following points:
Mr. C. alluded to the reasons which had in-
duced him to address the committee on this im-
portant subject. He represented the largest and
wealthiest district in the Union—a district em-
bracing more than 120,000 people, who were rich
in this world's goods, rich in intellectual wealth,
and engaged in a commerce that extended to every
country, "and whitened with its canvass every sea.
It was a district rich in individual wealth, for at
the head of its citizens stood a man who, half a
century ago, came to America friendless arid poor,
who now, in point of wealth', stood' on a footing
with the richest princes in' the world'. This was
the man who planted the first colony at the mouth
of the Columbia river: he alluded to John Jacob
Astor. In his district resided another man, who
came more than half a ccntury ago to this country,
while it was yet a deperidancy of England; and,
adopting it as his own country, had rendered to it
the most important services, and distinguished
himself in every station of honor which he had
held under this Government, by his fidelity and
signal ability: he alluded to Albert Gallatin.
Both of these remarkable men, who are now far '
down in the vale of life, were looking with ex-
ceeding anxiety at our course in regard to a ques-
tion in which they felt a deep interest; the one, as
the founder of the first colony in Oregon, and the
other, whose name and fame were identified in the
early negotiations respecting it.
He had said that his district was extensively en-
gaged in commerce, and for that reason it might
be peculiarly exposed to the dangers and disasters
of war. If war should come, it has been said its
harbor would be filled with armed and hostile fleets
—its commerce destroyed—its industry paralyzed
—its splendid mansions and warehouses levelled
with the dust. This might be so; but he would
say that, in whatever emergency she might be
placed, she would do her duty.
He knew that it was the habit to speak lightly of
commercial interests and commercial men, but it
was to be considered that commerce suffered great-
ly; from a war, and even from rumors of war; the
slightest breath of a hostile kind affected its ener-
gies. At this time ships' were lying in the harbor
of New York, which were intended for sea, but
were detained in consequence of the hesitation
Sroduced by the aspect of our relations with Great
Iritain. If a war should take place, the people of
New York would be as ready as the people of any
portion of this Union to contribute the needful
capital to sustain it; but they must be convinced
that it is a necessary war, and that it was resorted
to only after all efforts for a compromise were ex-
hausted. He intended to offer a resolution, or se-
ries of resolutions, expressing his views as to the
course that ought to be taken on the subject. The
