1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
time had come, in his opinion, when the joint oc-
cupation should end; and it was also his opinion
that we ought to accept the 49th parallel as a com-
promise, should it be offered to us by Great Brit-
ain, The time, he believed, had come for the
United States to give the notice of the termination
of the convention. The public mind had been
greatly agitated with the question of late, and
would continue to be so to a still greater extent if
it should longer remain unsettled. It could not
escape the attention of any individual that many
causes existed for increasing agitation, if the no-
tice should not be given. He adverted to the
Texan question and its combination with party
movements. When the Texan banner was un-
furled, during the late political canvass, it was car-
ried everywhere in triumph, and he could not
avoid the conclusion that the Oregon banner would
also soon be spread out, and triumphantly sustain-
ed. When that great issue should be made before
the people—when " all or none of Oregon " should
become the watchword—how would it lie possible
to avoid a conflict with Great Britain, unless she
should consent to give up her whole claim to any
right in that territory. Iheref'ore, lie said that the
time had come in which the question should be
settled, if it was to be settled amicably. If in past
years this question hud been presented to us,
a different action on the part of the representatives
of the people of the Unitod States might have been
proper, but, among other reasons why he would
now vote for the notice of the termination of the
joint occupancy was, that delay would strengthen
the adverse title of Great Britain. The laws of
Great Britain had been extended over the whole
territory, over every individual in it, whether he
was born under the cross of St. George, or the
stars and stripes. In the year 18:18, also, the Hud-
son Bay Company claimed and obtained a renewal
of it* charier on the ground that it was enguged in
settling; and colonizing the country. Could not
Great Britain therefore say, with great propriety,
in support of her title, that for more thai) twenty
years she had extended laws over the territory, by
which she assumed her tkle to be exclusive? Could
she not say that, m Jfc!3ri, she had renewed a char-
ter to the iludson Bay Company, on tile express
ground that tins company was engaged in coloniz-
ing the country? For this reason, therefore, the
time had come for terminating the convention.
But he had another reason based on the charac-
ter of the recent intelligence from England; and
hefe he would say, in reply to a remark made by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayi.y,] that
he was disposed to adopt the precept, " agree with
thine adversary quickly, while in the way with
him." The articles which he had read in the
British papers showed that great efforts were ma-
king there to prepare the public mind for a com-
promise. The Times, which was the most influ-
ential paper in England, and was the organ of
Lord Aberdeen, was employed with its usual abil-
ity in gradually removing the prejudices from the
English mind against the establishment of the 49th
degree as the boundary. The London Morning
Chronicle, the organ of Lord Palmerston, and
many provincial papers, were engaged in working
up the British mind to this ground of compromise.
Therefore, he would say that the question ought
now to be settled, in view of the interests and
wishes of both nations. Though we were two na-
tions, we were of the same family—speaking the
same language, and partaking of the same desti-
ny, at least so far as it was our destiny to colonize
and Christianize the world. These two nations
had done more than all others in the world to civ-
ilize and Christianize it. In giving this notice, he
would accompany it with a signification of our
willingness to accept the compromise of the 49th
parallel. This we could do without dishonor, or
the abandonment of any important interest.
It had been argued that our acquisition of the
Spanish title did not strengthen our title to Oregon.
No lawyer or historian, he said, could come to
such aconclusion. In the earliest periods of Amer-
ican history, the Spaniards were engaged in press-
ing their explorations on the Pacific coast of North
America. While Ponce de Leon* listening to the
wild Indian story of the magic waters which would
restore his enfeebled frame to its youthful vigor,
was coasting the country on one side, the Spanish
adventurers were looking on the other side for the
waters of the Pacific. Some of them were explor-
ing the coasts of Oregon long before any one of its
headlands or bays re-echoed to the English sail-
ors' " yo-heave-yo." That title we purchased
by a valuable consideration, and the whole of it
to us. Though Spain had not perfected
her title by reason that she had not followed it up
by occupation, yet it was good to some extent. If
accompanied by her own discoveries and explora-
tions, it would present a title, if not exclusive, by-
far the best that any other nation possessed. Still
it could not be denied that Great Britain had no
rights in Oregon. In this opinion he concurred
with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayi.y,]
who had just taken his seat. Even if we admitted
the argument that our right was the best, it did
not follow that Great Britain had no right at all.
It did not follow, either in justice orequity, that she
had no rights, because ours was a better right.
Admitting that the rights acquit cd by Great Britain
from Spam by the treaty of 1790 had been abro-
gated by a subsequent war; admitting that the
treaty of 1816 revived only the commercial treaties
relating to the direct trade between Great Britain
and Spain, and not the colonial trade; still it did
not follow that Great Britain had no title. If the
argument was just that we were destined by Prov-
idence to occupy the whole of the Oregon territo-
ry, how long would it be after we had plunted our-
selves along the parallel of 49° before that inevita-
ble destiny would give us the whole remaining
portion of the territory? Why should we put the
country in a position in which we must either fight
or abandon our grounds? l*'or these reasons, in
his opinion, we ought to accompany the notice
with an offer to accept as a compromise the forty-
umtli parallel.
His friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. LkhnJ had
spoken of this question as ail Ameiican question—
a Native American question. H might be well
while we weie considering the question of the in-
tegrity of our territory, to bestow some attention
also upon the integrity and union of its inhabitants.
1 le confessed that he had heard with regret the dec-
laration, on this floor, that persons of foreign lurtli
ought be preferred to native citizens. He could not
concur in such asentiment. lie valued too highly
his American birthright to surrender it for a mess
of pottage. The blood in his veins was derived
from those who had fought for American liberty
and independence. Such a birthright he would not
barter away nor abandon, though it should consign
him to political Oblivion.
When Paul was brought before a tribunal on a
charge involving his life, he plead his Roman citi-
zenship. Nay, said he," I was free-born." The
man who boasted of nothing save of the Cross of
the Redeemer, yet boasted that ho was a native-
born citizen of Home.
So he (Mr. C.) would boast that he was a free-
born citizen. Pie was not speaking of existing in-
stitutions which ought to be recognised; but, so far
as it might be consistent with constitutional pro-
visions, he would have every man who exercised
the rights of citizenship say that he was free-born,
or had been so long a resident as to be permanently
identified wtdi the country and its institutions.
He recollected that, many years ago, he listened
to the language of a distinguished Indian chief, who
had come up here to ask protection for lus people.
He knew the history of his nation's wrongs, ahd
felt his blood tingle at its recital. The chief said
that he had gone to the President's mansion, and
had asked for protection, but his voice was borne
away down the Pennsylvania avenue, and was lost.
He (Mr. C.) could not help thinking of the elo-
quent language of that native chief, when he him-
self had stood before this House, a few days ago,
and asked that the little body of Native Americans
here might be heard, and when he saw his appeal
made in vain, and his voice borne away on the
Pennsylvania avenue, and lost in the air.
He hoped, however, to be able, on some occa-
sion, to lay before this House his views on this
important question. Standing here, not as a repre-
sentative of the Native American party, nor even
of the sixth congressional district of New York,
but as a representative of the people of the Uni-
ted States, he had now asked to be heard on the
question of peace or war. Standing here in this
attitude, he would urge upon the House the expe-
diency of accompanying the notice (in the pro-
priety of giving which he concurred) with an invi-
tation to a compromise. This was the only mea-
sure that would settle the controversy; and, until
it was adopted, and the question settled, we nhould
have wars ahd rumors of wars. This measure
would prevent any agitation or any apprehension
of a war for long years to come. It would do so,
because the American people being one and to
themselves, need apprehend no collision with any
powerful and rival neighbors.
He would go for peace, because it was the inter-
est of this country to remain at peace; and the
measure which he had suggested would procure
almost certain peace, thus enabling us " to agree
with our adversary while in the way witli him."
This course he believed would put us in the
right, in the opinion of all our own citizens, in the
judgment of all nations, and in the estimation of
Him who controls the destiny of nations.
Mr. OWEN obtained the floor; and, on his mo-
tion, the committee rose.
Mr. W. HUNT asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion calling for information.
Pending which motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 28, 1846.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying the erection of a
light-house at the mouth of the White river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D1X presented the petition of 200 citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, in relation to cer-
tain treaties made with the Seneca Indians in 1838
and 1842, praying the abrogation of said treaties;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Atlairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Charles
Steams, asking to be reimbursed for expenses in-
curred by lnm in consequence of legal proceedings
in which he was imolved, on complaint of an offi-
cer of the United States, growing out of a contest
as to the ownership or title to certain lands, of
which he was a coterminous proprietor with the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on tile Judiciary.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of citizens of
Northborough, Massachusetts, who, representing
war as a great evil, pray Congress to adopt meas-
ures for an amicable adjustment of all international
difficulties; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Oneida county, New York, remonstrating
against the treaties of 1838 and 1842, between the
united States and the Seneca Indians, and praying
their abrogation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, rose and stated,
that some time since he had offered a resolution
instructing the Committee on the Judiciary to in-
quire into the expediency of modifying the judi-
ciary system of the United States, so as to relieve
the judges of the Supreme Court from circuit du-
ties, and to reduce the number of the judges of
said court; or into the expediency of forming a
new circuit, to be composed of the States of Louis-
iana and Texas; which was adopted by the Senate,
and is now before the said committee. He was
of the opinion that the time had arrived when the
public interest required that the Supreme Court
should be relieved from circuit duties; that from
the vast accumulation of business before that court
within the last few years, a large portion of the
suits have been continued from time to time, the
court not being enabled to decide half of the num-
ber of suits pending. Such a postponement of the
business of the court, from time to time, amounts
almost to a denial of justice. He had obtained
from the clerk of the Supreme Court a statement
in writing, 'showing the state of business before
the Supreme Court for a series of years—the num-
ber of cases on each docket, the number of cases
disposed of annually, and the number left on the
docket annually—from which it appears, that at
the adjournment of the last term of the Supreme
Court, there remained on the docket, undecided,
109 eases. Mr. J. argued to show that, in conse-
?uence of the admission of new States into the
Fnion, the business would continue to accumulate
in the Supreme Court to such an extent as to ren-
der it utterly impracticable for the. court to dispose
of it. He said that two new States had been al-
ready admitted into the Union, to which the judi-
cial system of the United States had not been ex-
tended; that the Territories of Iowa and Wiscon-
