1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
pass—a trivial affair—or an attempt by a mere
constable to serve, on the American sicle of the
line, a civil process issued by a Canadian magis-
trate, unsupported and unsanctioned by the British
Canadian authorities. The acts of the Canadian
officers were authorized and sustained by the Brit-
ish Canadian Government, and justified on a pre-
tence of claim to the soil. The Government of
the State of New Hampshire was bound to defend
its citizens against this aggression. It had the
right, and it was its duty, to invoke military force
to defend this invasion of the rights of the State
and its citizens. It was not bound to wait till the
State was invaded by an army. It was not only
wise, but it was its duty, to resist the very first at-
tempt to encroach upon its territory by t'ie officers,
civil or military, of a foreign Government. Such
encroachments, properly repelled in the outset, are
not as likely to bo repeated. It applied to the Fed-
eral Government to perform its constitutional duty
in the matter, and the unaccountable refusal of that
Government to fulfil such duty made the action of
the State authorities more imperatively necessary.
He was sorry to see this case likened to the oyster
war of New Jersey, the Moi mon war of Missouri,
the late disturbances in Rhode Island, the Native
American riots in Philadelphia,'and other local and
domestic disputes in, other States. It iw not at all
analogous to them. It is a case, of attempted ag-
gression by a foreign Power. Even in the other
eases referred to, it was the duty of a Federal Gov-
ernment to interfere if their aid was properly in-
voked by the State authorities, and to fulfil the
guaranty of a constitution by which the Federal
Government are to protect the States from domes-
tic insurrection, and in most casts, under this
guaranty, the General Government arc justly lia-
filu for tl> e exponsfs incident to (lie }>r<:Nevvatfoii of
the pciicc ami quiet of the country and its immunity
from domestic, vicflnnco.
Hi: had been informed that in the ^Southampton
(Virginia) affair I lie United States did defray h por-
tion of tlio expenses of put! !n:r do\m that insurrec-
tion. Federal troopn were ceitainly employed.
But this, he repented, liein^ « i iiKo of eonlest ,is
to juri.schetion with a/officii Tower, it was the
houmlen duty of a Federal Government to deftfty
these expenses. New Hampshire was a fro>:li<'r
State. The State of the honorable Senator [Mr.
Crittenden] was one of the only two States of the
Union that had no foreign boundary of any sort.
That State could therefore never bring forward
such a claim as this. He (Mr. W.) was fi'om a
State at the extremity of the Union distant from
New Hampshire, with nearly two thousand miles
of seacoast exposed to the depredations of foreign
Powers inimical to us, and he fr.lt the justice and
propriety of the General Government paying this
claim. It was the constitutional duty of the'Fed-
eral Government t.o protect the frontier States from
every attempted aggression, whether by a civil
posse or a military force of a foreign Power. It
should extend the brood asgis of the Constitu-
tion—the protection guarantied by that com-
pact—to the remotest sections of the Union, and
to every citizen within its limits. Unless we did,
it would invite foreign Powers to commit aggres-
sions upon the Slates. Establish the principle that
the frontier States must protect themselves, and
are to bear nil the burden of tho expenses of resist-
ing1 encroachments, and as to them one great object
in forming the constitutional compact would' be
nullified. The citizens of the frontier Slates would
then cease to feel confidence in the Federal Gov-
ernment- -cease to respect it; their attachment to
it would be weakened, and their affections would
be alienated from it. Do our constitutional duty,
and you "will cherish those feelings which all should
have for the Union.
As to the amount of this claim, he was not dis-
posed to be suspicious of the constituted, nutlmri-
ties of the State of New Hampshire. He regretted
the course pursued against the claim. Even the
smr/llness of the amount claimed (which he regard-
ed as some evidence of its being bona fide) haefbeen
commented upon, and assumed as aground where-
on to denounce the claim as trifling. He did not
think so. Some expenses were undeniably incur-
red. He -was satisfied the items were reasonable
and just. A sovereign State of the confederacy
had preferred this claim. Some credit was due to
her statement. It should not be assumed that it
was unfounded, or unjust, or trifling.' Such rule
would not be in accordance with the principles of
comity which should regulate the Government of
the confederacy in its course towards one of the
members of that confederacy. He said he should
vote for the bill.
The PRESIDENT announced the question,
Shall this bill be engrossed for a third reading!
And the question being taken, it was dccided 111
the negative; yeas 18, nays 99, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Benton, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers,
Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Lewis, Niles,
Speight, Westcott, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Thom-
as Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Evans, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnsgin,
Johnson of Louisiana, McDufFie, Mangum, Miller,
Pearce, Pcnnybacker, Phelps, Sturgeon, Tumey,
and Upham—22.
AUGMENTATION OP THE NAVAL FORCE
OP THE UNITED STATES.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the following bill reported by Mr. Faikfieijd from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the amend-
ment offered thereto by Mr. Hanvegan.
A Jill.I, provuhn^ for the augmentation of the naval force
o|' the lrmt<;d Slates, and for other purposes.
Hp it enacted In/ thr Senate mul Jfciicr of Representatives
of the United Sti'ta of America iv Congress n'scmWerf, That
the Prevalent or the (Jmted Static be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to cause to for built, equipped, ami employed in the
naval service of the United Slates^ ti n steam-ship^, or
vosni'ls of \v;ir, to foe constructed of iron, if practicable, to
wit: three of the cla^n of filiates five of the class o!' .sloops
of wnr, and ivvo or a «nimH<-r cln^s.
2. sind he if ftDlha cua/tnl, That Ihe President for,
and he is herebv, further aut'ion/ed, if, hi his opinion, at
any time before the commencement of the n< xt ictmlai Mi-
nion of emigres.-* rh<  public c\i eneie« should rerjnire it, to
eau.^e fo he completed all the hi«;ate« and sloops of war now
upon the -tuck*., and to lepair and put into activeseivieo all
the r-loops o) vewN of u ar now in 01 dmai y.
skc\ i). And he. it J'tnt/trr nnutcd, That Ihe President be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to purchase 01 collect such
naval supplier, mafenuh, and oidnanee a* his judgment
may deem the public mteieet icquiie*, hm'ting the amount
to the appiopmtion lor tliH piupo->e hereinafteiwards
made.
Sko. A Ami ho if further cnactc<h That, in carrying info
etp-ct the fn^t set turn ot tins bill, the President be, and lie
is heiebj, aufhoiued to cause mikI .ships or vessel:* to be
built umiei contract, if, in Ins opinion, the public interest
would thereby he promoted.
sr<\ f . Awl he il further enacted, That for the purpose of
carrying into etlcet the foregoing provisions, the sum of five
millions t-iK hundred and twenty-five thousand dollais—to
wit. for the building and equipping the ships and vessels
provided for in the first section of this bill, two millions nine
hundred and twenty thousand dollais; for completing the
ships and vessel* now upon the stocks, one million five
hundred and twenty thousand dollars ; for repairs of ships
and vessels in ordinary, six hundred and twenty-five thou-
Biuid dollars; for the purchase of naval supplies, mateiials,
and ordnance, five hundred thousand dollars—be, and the
same is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any money m
the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sue. (>. And he if further enacted, That so mucl^of the fiist
section of the act approved March 3d, 1845, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the ttOtii of June, 1846,M aa limits the whole number
of petty officers, seamen, or ordinary seamen, landsmen,
and boys in the naval service, to seven thousand five hun-
dred, he, mid tho same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. IIANNEGAN presented the following
amendment, offered by him several days since, and
which was also made a portion of the special order
of this day:
" Sno. 7. And he it further cnacicd, That the entile pro-
< ceeds from the sales of the public lands accruing to the
< United States he, and the same are hereby, appropriated to
1 the immediate building arid equipment of ten additional
1 steam vessels of war of the first class of frigates 5 and for
c this purpose, the President of the United States is hereby
' authorized to apply forthwith the sum of two millions and
' seventy-seven thousand dollars, being the amount received
1 during the past year from land sales, out of any money in
' the treasury not otherwise appropriated; said vessels to be
' con-vtiuctud of the same material as the vessels piovided
c for in the first section of this bill."
The PRESIDENT stated that the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Bagby] held the floor.
Mr. BAGBY arose, but yielded to
Mr. HANNEGAN, who said he desired to make
an explanation of a single remark made by him
yesterday. He had stated to the Senate that the
convention now in session in Missouri for the
purpose of remodelling the constitution of that
State, had unanimously expressed their opinions
on the Oregon question. He remarked at the time
that he had received the information from a friend
now in his seat, [Mr. Atchison.] In passing"
through that gentleman's room, he found that he
[Mr. A.] had just opened a paper from home, and
in it was contained the resolution which both sup-
posed had emanated from the convention. It was
not so, however. The resolution had been adopt-
ed by a body as high as the convention, and over
whose deliberations a distinguished member of the
convention had presided. The meeting was held
at the seat of Government, and was attended by a
large concourse of the most respectable citizens of
Missouri, collected from every quarter of the State.
That was the body which had given the expres-
sion of popular sentiment and feeling to which he
had alluded yesterday.
Mr. EVA1NS desired to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs if he had any objec-
tion to lay on the table the papers from which he
had yesterday read, and to move that they be
printed. He believed that the bill had been drawn
111 accordance with the recommendations of the
honorable Secretary of the Navy and the heads
of the different bureaus, and he was of opinion
that the documents should be put in possession of
the Senate.
Mr. FAIRFIELD remarked, in reply, that the
bill had been drawn in conformity with the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Navy, but not
those of the heads of bureaus. He apprehended
that there might be some impropriety in printing
all these papers, but there was the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, to which the objection
would not apply. That letter he would send to
the Chair, with amotion that it be printed.
Mr. EVANS. Was that communication in re-
ply to a letter? If so, I could wish the original
letter to be included in the motion.
Mr. FAIRFIELD. I have not that letter at
hand, but will look for it, and send it also.
Tho communication from the Secretary of the
Navy was then handed to the Clerk, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY then proceeded, and said: I would
have contented myself with giving a silent vote on
the bill now before tho Senate, had it not been for
the basis on which the committee had rested its
claims to adoption by the body, as well as for
those measures of which it formed apart. It will
be recollected by the Senate that early in the ses-
sion the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] intro-
duced a senes of resolutions of inquiry relative to
Ihe propriety and necessity of augmenting the de-
fences of the country; resolutions quite proper in
themselves, and which were referred to the appro-
priate committees of this body—one portion of
them to the Committee 011 Military Affairs, and
another to that on Naval Affairs. The bill now
before you is, I understand, an emanation from
the last named committee. I have two objections
to the bill before you. I object to it, first, as a
peace measure, 011 the score of economy, it is too
large for a peace measure. And I object to it,
secondly, as a war measure, because it is entirely
too small. The great point, however, for the con-
sideration of the Senate in the discussion of this
question, to which the arguments of all—and es-
pecially of my friend from Maine—seem to have
been directed, is, whether there is anything in the
situation of this country at present—whether there
is anything in the present aspect of our foreign re-
lations, either with Great Britain or other powers,
which renders such an augmentation of the naval
force as is contemplated by the bill, necessary and
proper. In determining this question, it will be
proper for the Senate to take a much wider range
than the mere examination of the provisions of the
bill. If this is a war measure—if its object be to
provide for the naval defences of the country—I
ask if it will not become indispensably necessary,
in carrying out the presumption that an augmenta-
tion of the national defences is required by the exi-
gency of the times, also to increase the army, and
put the militia in a condition for immediate ser-
vice ?
I object to the bill first, then, as a peace meas-
ure, on the score of economy. You were told yes-
terday, and told properly, by the Senator from
Missouri, that the expense of your naval peace es-
tablishment is now about six millions—upwards
of six millions. The bill reported by the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs proposes to increase that amount about five
millions and three quarters, making the whole
round sum of twelve millions of dollars. I find by
reference to proper sources of information on that
subject, that the expenses of the peace establish-
ment of your war department are about eight mil-
lions. 1 do not deal in fractions, but speak in
round numbers, which approximate, however,
