264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.Tan. 28,
pretty closely tu the actual amount. If, then, sir,
that state of danger exists—if that state of alarm
and apprehension described so often on this floor
be well founded—if it really exist—why, then, in
furtherance of that system of defence which is now
represented as absolutely necessary, you will be
required to increase your army establishment in
the same ratio, and thus at the very outset you
will have, at two single jumps, an addition of eight
millions to your army establishment, and six mil-
lions to your navy establishment, amounting in all
to fourteen millions of dollars. What my friend
from Missouri will require for the purpose of ef-
fecting a better organization of this branch of the
service I am not informed; but if the appropria-
tions for that branch be on the same scale with
those for the others, I do not hesitate to say that
you will, before the end of the session, be called
on to appropriate more money for these three
branches of the public service than is required for
the whole current expenses of the Government.
Instead of twenty one millions which, according to
our estimates, will be sufficient for defraying the
actual expenses of the Government, you will have,
in the first two months of the session, chalked out
a line of policy which will inevitably, beyond all
doubt, run the expenses of the Government up to
forty millions! If the country be prepared for
that—if this system of expenditure is to be carried
out—if this is the time and this the bill on which
to settle—we have been for almost seven .weeks
pretty much at sea, without rudder or compass;
but the proposition brought forward by the Senator
from Maine presents an act, and by that act the
policy of the Government is clearly indicated and
marked out. The answer to this may be, that
this is a peace establishment. We have been told,
over and over again, that it was in vain for the
members of this body to attempt to shut their eyes
to the threatening aspect of our foreign relations.
It becomes the auty of the Senate, therefoie, to
look closely at the aspect of those foreign relations,
and to find a conclusion to which they may come
in regard to this bill, and see if all this be so. I
understand that the Oregon question is the only
one with regard to which any apprehension exists
of serious collision between this country and Great
Britain. I understand'that it is in consequence of
the unsettled condition of that question that a dis-
tinguished Senator—yes, sir,'not only distinguished
by a long course of public service, but whose \ lews
upon all occasions are entitled to the most grave
and respectful consideration—entertains apprehen-
sions of danger. Sir, in relation to the aspect of
our foreign relations, it has been my misfmtune
from the beginning—and that misfortune still ex-
ists—to differ entirely, and totally, and fundamen-
tally from all the views which have a tendency to
conduct the Senate to the conclusion that a war be-
tween this countiy and Great Britain is inevitable.
Let me for a moment inquire into the causes which
are to produce such a result. I shall not travel into
the columns of the British press, for the purpose of
analyzing and commenting 011 the remarks on the
state of our foreign relations, or of our relations
with the Government of Great Britain. I slmll take
the acts of the Government from the formation of
the convention of 1818, with all the subsequent acts
of both Governments, and then I shall ask the Sen-
ate to determine whether, from the whole history
of that convention down to the present day, any
danger of war is justly to be apprehended. Before
I proceed in this inquiry, I wish to relieve myself
from all connexion with peace or war parties. 1
make the declaration in the outset, that if ever that
disastrous period in our history should arrive,
when we would be involved m war, if still m the
land of the living, I shall not stop one moment to
inquire whether that war be right or wrong—
whether we have been involved in it by righteous
or unrighteous counsels. But the question here
is, not whether we are to have, actually to have,
peace or war. Our duty now is, like rational men,
to inquire into the causes by the operation of which
that war is to be produced. I go back, then, to
1818; and, unless the Senate of the United States
come to the conclusion, the extraordinary conclu-
sion, that two of the most enlightened nations ex-
isting on the face of this earth, or that ever did ex-
ist upon the globe, did, at that period, see a state
of things out of which war must grow, I cannot
■possibly perceive how the conclusion to which
Certain honorable Senators come can be properly
sustained. When the convention of ISIS provided
that either party could dissolve the joint occupan-
cy by giving notice, is it for a moment to be sup-
posed that either party contemplated that the effect
of that notice would be to produce awar? Certainly
not. Both nations, in peace and satisfaction, abided
by the terms of that convention up to 1827, and
then, after a. most pacific and deliberate investiga-
tion of the whole matter, what did they do ? Why,
they extended it indefinitely. Is it possible that
the great and wise men of this country and of that
can have been nursing, from the year 1818 to the
present moment, a bantling out of which they have
deliberately determined to produce a war? I take
it for granted, then, that from the course heretofore
pursued on this question, from its inception down
to the present instant, neither party have regard-
ed it as at all a cause of war. Certainly not. They
never so regarded it in its inception, and never, so
far as I have been able to detect, at any subsequent
period of its progress. Well, what is the state of
that question now? Wo have been told over and
over again that this negotiation has been so ab-
ruptly broken off that no just ground has been left
on which to renew it—that there is no basis upon
which a treaty between the two countries can be
formed. Well, I do not pretend to be much skill-
ed, to be at all skilled, in (lie rules of diplomacy;
but let me ask, docs the mere making of a propo-
sition on one side, and a rejection of it on the other,
necessarily lead to war? Certainly not, sir. But
as to the notice"—that, Mr. President, is, I be-
lieve, the great point on which the whole question
turns; and we are told that that notice, which was
expressly piovuh.d for in solemn convention near-
ly thirty years a<ro-—a mutter of compact, of ami-
cable arrangement—that the giving of that notice,
which was anticipated from the beginning, is to
involve this country in a war with Great Britain !
Let us look at that for a moment. Can it be be-
lieved that intelligent parties to a compact-—a com-
pact or a convention—would consider their rights
violated by the termination of that convention by
the very means and according to the very mode
*\ • .1 • : .. .. f _   a r ^
Power of ll>c civilized world, run regard the giving
of this notice ns a hostile measure? Is there any-
thing in that for which we have not bargained ?
Nothing. We fall back on the express stipula-
tions of the compact into which we originally en-
tered. "We propose to terminate this stale of
things, and with what view ? Suiely not with the
design of mvohing the two countries in all the.
misery and untold horrors of war. But we do it
for the purpose of establishing the relations of the
two countries, so far as that convention is involved,
on a permanent basis, with a view of removing
them from that temporary ground on which they
have stcftid for neaily a quarter of a century, and
establishing them on a permanent foundation.
From all the examination which 1 have been able
to bestow oil this pait of the Mibjcct, 1 have been
unable to come to any other conclusion than this:
that the relation of the parties—I mean the title of
the two parties—can never be so properly settled
as by giving the notice, and so abrogating the con-
vention. 1 think the case a very plain one. Two
parties claim title to a certain tract of land; but,
before settling the question, agree to occupy it
conjointly for a season. They do not thereby,
by any means, determine that one or the other
must be regarded as a trespasser, to be removed
by force.
I believe further, aa I have said, that the only
means by which this question can ever be peace-
ably settled will be by giving the notice—and why ?
The arrangement lias been a satisfactory one to
Great Britain, and why be in a hurry to putan end
to it ? She gets all she desires, and therefore is not
disposed to abandon it. The signs at home and
abroad in regard to war appear to have changed in
every quarter except a certain quarter of our own
country. Befoie we were infoimed of the failure
to establish a new ministry in England, everybody
said that with the Peel administration there had
been some chance of a settlement, but that with
Lord John Russell there would be no chance of a
settlement without recourse to the last resort—a
resort to arms. But that case has not been pre-
sented; and it should be borne in mind by the Sen-
ate, especially by that portion of it which regards
war as inevitable and not to be averted—that the
British Government—I do not speak of the British
press; that is not the Government—has at no pe-
riod placed this subject beyond the reach of nego-
tiation . At the time when Sir Robert Peel defined
his position, and toqk distinct and definite ground
on U\is question, what did-he say ? To a question,
twice repeated, what was his* answer? Not tli^t
they held their title to Oregon—no, the wordti-
tle" was never used—but that they had rights there,
" clear and unquestionable,'' and when it became
necessary to defend those rights they were, pre-
pared to maintain them. Was that a warlike dec-
laration? Not a word was uttered about the_ "ti-
tle"—it was only affirmed that they had rights
there which they were resolved to maintain. But
whatever danger of war might have been appre-
hended from the going out of the "Peel ministry and
the coming in of the Russell ministry, it is now al-
together dispelled. The Russeli ministry failed m
its formation,and the Peel administration has been
reinstated in power.
There have been various other topics connected -
with the discussion of this question, and all of
which have entered properly enough into the con-
sideration of this bill. I have been told—in a spirit
of fervent patriotism no doubt—that in reference to
this great existing controversy between the two
nations, it was necessary to prepare the hearts of
the people of this country for war. Upon that
point, also, 1 differ totally with certain honorable
Senators. I ask if the improvement, the civiliza-
tion, the Christianity of eighteen centuries are now
to bo enveloped in a dark and portentous cload?
Arc we to be driven back to the horrors of the dark
ages ? If I had the power to speak by authority, I
would endeavor to prepare the hearts not only of
the people of this country, but of all countries, for
peacc. My exertions would be to bring about that
glorious period—that latter day of perfect light and
liberty—when, as the inspired seer has foretold,
the nations of the earth shall learn war no more,
An honorable friend near me, [Mr. Fairfield,] in
theaidorof the debate yesteiday, intimated that
there must be a lack of patriotism on the part of
those who did not exactly go with hijn in his ad-
vocacy of this measure; and I presume that his al-
lusion was to the question of the Maine boundary.
He was entirely mistaken. I Regard that as the
best patriotism which preserves the people of the
United Slates in the pursuit .of those objects, and
in that course of policy which has already conduct-
ed them to great prosperity and glory, and on a
continued adherence to which the fulfilment of their
destiny depends. I say to my honorable friend on
the left, [Mr. Faibfield,] and to the distinguished
Senator from Michigan on the right, [Mr, Cass,J
that it is not by preparing the hearts of the people
of this or any other country for war, that the grand
objects of humanity—of civilization—the great
cause of mankind itself may be best advanced. I
incline entirely and totally to a different opinion.
But I must be distinctly understood on that point.
I admit that when the struggle comes, it shall not
only be for war, but for war to the knife. But that
is not the question which wo are now called on to
entertain. The great question to-day, in the dispo-
sal of this bill is, first, whether there is such a prob-
ability of a war as will justify the Government of
the united States in running into an enormous ex-
penditure? That question being decided in the
negative, as I think it must be, there remains no
question about patriotism in our action.
Let us look at this business in a calm -and can-
did spirit. Let it be so regarded by both bodies
of the chamber. And now, is war likely to occui ?
Are there no means left to avert the slifficultics
which seem now to be so threatening; and can
that prevention be effected consistently with the
honor of the country? Upon that point also I
wish to be understood. In the settlement of this
and all other questions with foreign Powers, I go
for the honor first, for the rights next, and for the
peace la%t. I go for these great objects in the or-
der in which 1 have stated them. I am not, there-
i fore, to be understood as exhibiting a willingness
to abandon one jot or tittle of the honor of the
country—to yield the title to one inch of that soil
which properly belongs to us. But the great lead-
ing inquiry should be, whether that honor and.
these rights cannot be maintained in all their pleni-
tude and purity without the cost of that extraordi-
nary expenditure to which the adoption on this
bill would lead ? I think they can, Mr. Pres.i-%
dent, there seems to be a little coyness on.thf?
part of Senators in the expression—not lately, but
