1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
some time ago—of tbeir friendship or their en-
mity to the present Administration, or to the Pres-
ident. Well, I consider the question of friendship
or enmity belongs more properly to the private
circle ana private relations, rather than to tie ex-
isting relations of different departments of the Gov-
ernment. J have therefore no expressions on that
point to make; but if the question be, as I think it
should be, whether we are in favor of the measures
recommended by the President, I, for one, answer
distinctly and emphatically, Yes. X am in favor
of these measures, however, not ftom personal con-
siderations. The recommendations of the Presi-
dent are, in my opinion, conceived in sound wis-
dom and pure patriotism; buttbe bill has not been
brought forward in accordahce with these recom-
mendations. The President recommends appro-
priations at the present session sufficient to carry
, out that system of naval defence, and naval prepa-
ration, which has formed the constant subject of
the attention of the Government for years past.
But there are no recommendations of an increase
of war-steamers involving an expenditure of six
millions of dollars. This, therefore, is not a Gov-
ernment measure. It is an emanation, as I have
already remarked, from the resolutions introduced
by the Senator from Michigan, and brought into
life by the fostering attention of my honorable
friend from Maine. I have no idea, Mr. President,
of relinquishing any portion of our territory. This
is not the first time I have been called on to speak
that question.
When a measure, much more interesting to the
honorable Senator from Maine and the people
whom he represents with so much ability here,
was before this body, I believe I wus one of
nine who voted against the ratification of that
treaty; tuul I voted so, not becausc I believed that
the treaty had not been negotiated with the best
and purest intentions on both sides, Imt because
the ratification involved the great principle whe-
ther we were at liberty, by treaty negotiation and
stipulations, to cede away a portion ofilie. lerritory
of the Untied States. But now we have been for
two months discussing a state of things not likely
to occur. 1 tell my friend from Indiana [Mr. 11 an-
nkganJ that X shall lie as warmly lcsolwd, as
deiermnied not to surrender any portion of our
lights to Oregon, as 1 was on the northeast boun-
dary question. But, sir, day after day we have
been involving this question in greater difficulty
by looking at a state of things not likely to occur.
I have no doubt that if the notice be given we
shall get Oregon, and in so far contribute to that
onward progress of our free institutions, which
they are, I hope, under the providence of God,
destined to pursue for ages to come. I therefore
say, that from my opposition to this bill no in-
ference is to be drawn that 1 am opposed to the
notice, or to any other measure necessary for the
protection of our rights in that territory, and for
taking possession of it too. But I am not for put-
ting the cart before the horse. I am not in favor
of incurring enormous expense—of miming the
expenses of the Government up to forty millions
by an unnecessary increase of the army and navy
—when 1 can see no probability of the occurrence
of any justifying contingency. I am for holding;
on to the money until the emergency arises, and
then if necessary 1 am for applying every dollar—
not only every dollar in the tieasury, but. every
dollar that can be raised by a great, intelligent,
and patriotic people. I ask the friends of this bill,
what would he the condition of this country, if,
after augmenting the navy as it proposes, and also
augmenting the army m a corresponding ratio, and
miming the expenses of the Government up to
forty millions, it would be found ninety days after-
wards that all the difficulty about the Oicgon ques-
tion had been finally and honorably settled? In
that case we should have a Government saddled
with an expense of forty millions, wiihout any-
thing to justify the enormous expenditure.
There is another objection to the bill. I have
been satisfied for years that the time had come
when it was necessary to put the naval establish-
ment of this country on a permanent footing, and
to regulate it by law. That conclusion seems to
have been fully attained. In 1842, the eyes of the
whole country appeared to be opened, and after
protracted, able, and laborious investigation, it
was determined to reduce the navy, instead of aug-
menting it. That measuie was carried by a vote
of this body—twenty-seven to seventeen. It is
not, therefore, necessary, as a peace measure, to
augment the navy establishment; and if war is to
come, why (I say it with all respect for my friend
from Maine) this bill would be out as Lilliput ar-
rayed against Gulliver. It is too small. The Sen-
ator from Missouri desires to postpone the bill to a
distant day. I should greatly prefer laying it on
the table, there to sleep until events showed whe-
ther or not it ought to remain in perpetual oblivion.
But if, on the other hand, it should become neces-
sary to make war preparations, then we could
bring forward measures adapted to the object and
the emergency. That was the view which I took
of the matter on its first introduction here. I
wished neither to postpone nor to reject it, but
simply to lay it on the table, and await the pro-
gress of events. I am still of the same opinion.
At all events, in the present aspect of our for-
eign relations—if no new light has been emitted
tending to lead to a different conclusion—I state
now, without allusion to the Oregon question, that
the time cannot arrive, in the progress of this ses-
sion, when I can vote for that bill, or anything
like it. ]f there be no danger of war, I will not
vote one dollar for the increase of the navy; if
there be reasonable danger of war, I shall vote
whatever may be necessary, although it should
take the last dollar in the treasury. It is too large,
or it is too small. It is not good for peace—it is
not good for war. I hope, therefore, the Senate,
if they should conclude to retain the control of this
subject at all, will postpone it till the most distant
day; if not, to lay ii on the table, there to sleep till
we find a necessity for taking it up.
I have another view to oiler connected with the
general subject of this lull. A portion of the
country which 1 haic the honor to represent, anil
the whole section to which, lot-ally, I belong,
in peculiarly exposed ami defenceless. II' we
an: threatened by foreign invasion, there is no
portion of the continent more exposed, nor any
that would more imperatively require an increase
of the navy, than that section to which I belong.
ISut the experience of the past lias satisfied me
that that section of the country is not likely to
come m for its full and appropriate share of these
general and abundant appropriations of the public
money, either for one launch or the other of the
public iservice. Although we pay into the treasury
infinitely more than our just proportion of the ex-
pense of the Government, yet I have noticed with
mortification and regret, too, that when the im-
portant day of distribution came, the lion's share
lias been granted to others, and we have been put
off with a pittance. It is a remarkable fact, and I
ask the champions of the navy, I ask the advo-
cates of commerce, and of all the great interests of
the country, to look for a moment at the expendi-
tutes for the navy and promotion of commercial
interests, and then see that one of the most import-
ant cities of this Union has received within the last
five years the enormous sum of just $15,000 ! The
city of Mobile lias received, within the last five
years, from all these monstrous expenditures for
the liavy and for the advancement of commerce,
the enormous and hbcial amount of Ijl5,000; and
that, too, whilst she has been contributing one-fifth
of all the commcrcc of the country! And I relate
it with perfect good nature, when asked for ano-
ther small appiopriation by a distinguished gen-
tleman, not now a member of this body, it was
refused by a respected friend on the other side of
the way, then, 1 think, at the head of the Com-
mittee on Finance, on the ground that we had
already received &15.000 ! I cannot, therefore, for
that reason, consent to vote this general appropria-
tion , when 1 see how miserably we have fared in
the day of distribution. lam not, however, self-
ish on that point. If any other portion of our
coast, more defenceless than ours, can be pointed
out, I will vote cheerfully for whatever appropria-
tions may be requisite; but in return I shall ex-
pect, not as a mailer of favor, but of justice, that
when I point out the exposed condition of another
and most important vulnerable point, 1 shall be
met in a corresponding spirit. But as for these
general appropriations, either for naval or for com-
mercial purposes, I shall go for them with great
caution, with great deliberation, if I go for them
at all. In every light, therefore, in which I can
regard this bill, I cannot vote for it either now or
hereafter. I cannot vote for it as a peace measure,
because if we are to have peace we want no in-
crease of the navy. The Senator from Maine re-
marked that our commerce was on every ocean,
and that our sails whitened every sea. "Why that
is the very strongest argument that human inge-
nuity could devise—the extent of that commerce—•
the uninterrupted prosperity of that commerce—
for the purpose of showing that, for the protection
of that commerce, an augmentation of our navy
was not necessary.
I have regretted, and must be permitted to ex-
press that regret, with entire respect, that a wrong
complexion has been stamped upon the whole
series of the measures piesented since the opening
of Congress. I ask ypu, in the name of all that is
sensible, what is the condition of the country now?
You find trepidation and alarm among the people
of the United States from one end of the country
to the other; and I ask how has this state of things
been produced ? What measures have you had
befoie this body calculated to excite the country
to this state of fever heat? What measures are
now before you calculated to create such appre-
hension and alarm? This is the first measure call-
ing for the general action of the Congress of the
United States which has been at all calculated to
excite any alarm, and yet we have heard every
day—in every quarter—the inquiry coming up,
" are we to have war?" And yet, though there
has been a response m some quarters that war ia
inevitable, what preparations have been made?
None at all. But it has been represented that pre-
parations are necessary, and that has produced
tins stale of things—a state of things more mischie-
vous than any circumstance which has occurred
within the last twenty years. Some gentlemen say
that tliey have nothing to do with the sensitiveness
of the commercial pulse, or of the stock-jobbing
pulse. .Neither have X, sir. But I desire to see
the public pulse, throughout all the ramifications
of society, beat temperately. 1 do not wish to see
any poi lions of the arteiial system disturbed—un-
iicccswaiily disturbed. Yet, I conceive that the
events of tins session of Congress have been cal-
culated to produce that state of feeling, which I
regard a* not only very unnecessary, but, I must
lie permitted to say,\eiy impioper. The hearts
of the people of this country, sir, do not need to
be prepared for war. That is a subject on which
they have but one heart. No preparation of that
mighty popular heart is necessary for the work of
war, when war is inevitable. And if I were dis-
posed to take the popular side of this or any other
question, merely for the sake of populaiity, I
should feel myself bouftd to step forward, and de-
fend the people of the United States against the in-
sinuation that they require to be prepared for war.
Prepared by whom ? Prepared in what manner ?
By what process ? By speeches m the two Houses
of Congress? Indeed 1 Do they, who contribute
the means of defending the country, but not the
oratory of Congress, need to have their hearts pre-
pared for war? No, sir. They require no such
preparation. Convince them that their rights have
been assailed, that their honor has been threatened
with disgrace, and from the East, the West, the
North, and the South, you will see them hurrying
to the support of the Gov ernment as one man I
I trust, sir, that in all the steps that we take in
relation to this question, or any other question con-
nected with our foreign relations, we will proceed
calulfy, but firmly; that we will investigate the
subject properly, and when the issue comes up,
that wc will plant ouiselves on the side of the coun-
try, and I am confident that no want of preparation
on its part will be wanting. I have never, sir, I
believe, been found advocating British policy, and
if I could be indulged in one aspiration more than
another, it would be that the standard of British
political morality might never be raised in this
country. But I am bound to regard Great Britam
as a great and intelligent nation. I cannot shut my
eyes to the fact, that we have stronger and closer
relations with her, that our interests are more inti-
mately interwoven with heis, than with any other
nation on the face of the globe. Aud I say in my
place, as a man, that if I entertained the opinion of
the British Government and people which has
been expressed here from day to day, I should be
ashamed to be in alliance with her. If I believed
that Government to be the despotic, overbearing,
and cruel Power which it has been described to be
here, I should at once dissolve all commercial con-
nexion with her forever. But that happens not to
be precisely the state of the case. What is the
state of the case? We-have an important unsettled
