266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jail. 28.
question with one of the most intelligent, most en-
lightened, most Christian nations of the earth.
Wow is it wise—is it statesmanlike—does it dis-
covermuch common sense, to pour out unceasingly,
untiringly, the most bitter abuse of that Power—a
Power to whom we have over and over again made
proposals for a just and amicable settlement of the
controversy between us ? Do we expect to attain a
peacefhl and honorable result by the constant and
vain abuse of that Power with whom we have this
controversy ? Why, if our patriotism—if our in-
telligence—if our love of country, and our common
sense, were m proportion to the abuse which we
pour out upon Great Britain, beyond all doubt we
should be the most enlightened and patriotic nation
under the sun ! And'in all this is it to be for a
moment supposed that I entertain any fear of Great
Britain ? No, sir; whatever opinion we may enter-
tain of that nation or her Government—we owe it
to ourselves, to the present generation, and to all
future time, to discharge the duties devolving upon
us, not from the fear ofGreat Britain—I do not sup-
pose that there is a man in America, there is no
one at least who possesses an American heart, who
can ever know such a feeling—but we must look to
what is due to ourselves as one of the great family
of nations, as well as what is due to Great Britain.
What is due? Settle your difficulties honorably
and peaceably if you can; but raise no war-cry
until facts show that it is necessary to go to war.
If gentlemen are so well satisfied—if the Senator
from Maine, as he stated yesterday, is convinced
beyond all doubt that a war is inevitable, f risk
him—with all his sagacity, his statesmanlike sa-
gacity, of which he possesses a large share—if he
has made an adequate provision for that state of
things which he professes to see before him, even
with the clearness of the sun at noonday ? Will
that suffice? No. It cannot, in the calm judgment
of any Senator, be at all adequate to the object
which gentlemen appeal- to place before them.
One of two things is certain. We must have
war or peace. We have peace now, and for that
reason I am opposed to an increase of the navy.
Again: if war comes, it must be met by an ade-
quate provision, and by the whole force of the
country. Do not let us march out with Falstaff's
charge of foot. Adapt your measures in coinci-
dence with the importance of the emergency, and
then you show the best disposition to inspire uni-
versal confidence. Possibly I may be mistaken in
the view which I take of the Oregon controversy;
but suppose that I am ? Suppose that war—the
direst of all calamities—should come? "Suffi-
cient," Mr. President, "unto the day is the. evil
thereof;" because that will be an evil the conse-
quences of which no man can calculate—that is
not to be estimated in dollars and cents; it is to
be calculated by the sufferings of the whole coun-
try. The question, then, will not be, what will
you take from the national treasury, or by the
hand of taxati'on; but when you seeihe gloom and
sickening desolation—I do not mean the fear—con-
sequent upon the state of things produced by the
most honest war, then you will begin to realize the
consequences of what has been said and done here,
and perhaps not till then. If it be the pleasure of
the Senate to lay this bill on the table, or to post-
pone till the first Monday in May, I have no ob-
jection. As I remarked before, I _ should prefer
layino- it on the table, so as to keep it in the power
of the Senate. If any gentleman really supposes
that war between the two countries is inevitable, I
ask him to bring forward measures adequate to the
prosecution of such a war, so that the people of the
country may know what you are^ about, and what
they have a right to expect. It is due to the peo-
ple: not to prepare their hearts but to prepare their
arms—to prepare the fireside and domestic circle.
If m the opinion of the Senate of the United
States, there is danger of war, which makes it ne-
cessary for our Government and people to prepare
for such an event, now is the time to commence;
but do not let us commence with a corporal s guard
—do not let us commence with five frigates and five
or six millions of dollars; but let us estimate the
whole amount, that the country may know what
it will be called upon to do. Crying peace,
peace, when there is no peace, has been repro-
bated by the highest authority. Reprobation, as
severe L& pointed, is equally merited by the cry
of "war, war," when there is no danger of war.
Mr. President, in conclusion, let me say that 1
shall vote for the notice. Do not be alarmed about
that! [turning to Mr. Hannegan.] But I do not
wish to exhaust the treasury, and exhaust the na-
tion, by making preparations not warranted—not
called for by facts.
Mr. MILLER said that he was in favor of an aug-
mentation of the steam-power of our navy, for the
purpose of coast and harbor defence. He thought,
by a postponement of the bill, as suggested by the
Senator from Missouri, they would have time to
consider, and so amend its provisions as to make
it acceptable to a majority of the Senate. He
had long been of the opinion that it was necessary
for us to expend more money than had heretofore
been expended for putting our coasts, our harbors,
and rivers m a state of defence, not for the purpose
of preparing for a war, supposed to be now proba-
ble by some, but m the exercise of the general prin-
ciple that should govern us—'• in time of peace to
piepare for war." He thought that ilie best and
most economical defence for our harbors and riv-
ers was steam-vcssola of the lower class. The
present plan of coast defence consisted of two lines
of defence, exterior and interior, of fortifications
at the mouths of our bays and rivers, and of harbor
fortifications, for the more immediate defence of our
cities. The exterior line of defences must of course
be kept up by fortifications. But he believed that
since steam-power had been applied to war pur-
poses, we might lessen the expense of defending
our harbors by applying floating batteries, or
steam war-ships of the low er class, fortius purpose.
As far, therefore, a* the bill proposed to build steam-
ships for our harbors and rivers, he would go most
heartily; but so far as it went to build steam-ships
of the larger class—sea-going vessels—he was op-
posed to it. There was no necessity for it, unless
we were to have a war of aggression, a war which
gentlemen have discovered in the future—fighting
the battles of all the nations of the earth, defending
the tottering republics of South America, and in-
terfering in their disputes. He would enter into
no such quixotic scheme. Our true policy was to
keep the country in a pi oper state of defence against
foreign aggression, resting under the glorious prin-
ciples of our free institutions, and enjoying the
blessings of peace. Sitting under our own vine
and fig tree, we might leave to other nations the
work of preserving their own independence, and
permit them to look to us as a nation preferring
the blessings of peace, yet prepared to defend itself
in war.
The larger class of steam-vessels would be of no
service to us. With Knglnnd the case was differ-
ent. She employed the larger class of steamers for
the use and defence of her numerous colonies, and
she was able to supply them with fuel by her depots
of coal now established in almost every sea. It
was well known tlmt the class of steameis such
as the Princeton, could only carry fuel for eight
days; and the largest class, foi twenty-two days.
Now, he would ask, what service would the larger
steam-vessels be to us? We could not send them
abroad to pro lee I our commerce, because we can-
not, at the extent, fit them out with fuel to last over
twenty-two days. There were no places for depots
of coal, unless on our own territory. Therefore,
he hoped that when the bill came to he amended,
we would decide on war-steamers of the smaller
class for our harbors and rivers. We might de-
pend on it that no squadron of the enemy could en-
ter our bays or rivers, if they were filled with an
adequate number of these floating batteries—ships
of the smaller class, drawing a small quantity of
water.
lie would vote for the bill as a peace measure;
and in giving this vote, he would not for a moment
consider that he was voting to prepare for war. He
wanted to have more evidence to satisfy him that
we were m the imminent peril referred to by the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass.] He could not
bung bis mind to believe that any question now
pending between this Government and Great Brit-
ain—nothing but folly and wickedness—can bring
the two nations into conflict. War about what?
About a disputed boundary line—a dispute which
has been in existence for a quarter of a century—
a dispute about the partition of a country yet un-
settled by civilized men; a country possessing so
few inducements for colonization that even in this
day of adventure but a small number of our citi-
1 zens have ventured there to seek their fortunes.
! Had these two nations arrived at the point
I whore it was necessary to settle it by the sword ?
jjs there no arbitrament, no mode of settlement,
compatible with national justice and honor, but
that of an appeal to arms? Are .these two great
nations to halt in their progress in prosperity, in
refinement, and in the arts which adorn and ele-
vate the human race, tad to pour out the life-blood
of their people in such a cause as this? Was it
to be supposed for a moment that the commerce
of these two great nations, now floating on the
most distant seas, was to he sacrificed to the phren-
sy of a transient 'war-fever? Were the mechanics
and manufacturers content to abandon the pursuit
of their avocations, and to rush into the ranks of
battle ? Would the farmer willingly forsake his
plough to partake in the uncertain issues of war-
fare? Were the people of this now almost boundless
country to cast behind them the blessings of peace,
and in armed bands rush across the mountains, to
contend, in the eloquent language of the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] for " the first inch of
Oregon?" There was no danger of war, in the
present aspect of this question, if we have the
nerve and the moral courage to maintain peace.
He held that it required as much energy and nerve
for a statesman, when the public mind was up to
fever heat, to stand up for peace as to advocate
war. It was an easy thing to lead a nation from
peace to war, but it was a different thing altogether
to lead a nation from war to peace. He held a war
party in time of peace in the same estimation as he
did a peace party in time of war. But he wished to
look at the reasons assigned by honorable Senators
hero why they have made up their minds that we
will have war, and that we ought to prepare for it.
The most prominent views, and which had taken a
deeper hold on the public mind, were those of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] in which he
graphically depicted the present condition of the
two countries. The Senator said that the two
nations had taken their positions. Great Britain
had never been known to recede, and the United
States could not recede now with honor. And
the honorable Senator had depicted the two nations
as standing fronting each other—neither turning
to the right nor to the left—England too proud
to go back, the United States too proud and honT
orable to recede. It was a startling picture! Eng-
land too arrogant—the United States too honorable!
The Senator had represented, in effect, the two na-
tions as two locomotives on one railroad track.
Both had gone beyond the turn-out place, and com-
ing in different directions, they must rush together,
reckless of consequences; England crying " clear
the Track," and Brother Jonathan saying "go
ahead." If such be the position of these two
mighty Powers, let the engineers who have reck-
lessly brought on this fatal rencounter, beware of
the consequences.
But how did these nations come to be placed in
this situation ? How did it happen that they were
placed in this condition that they must meet in
mortal conflict ? Whose fault was it? The fault
must be somewhere. Was it true that the United
States and Great Britain stood in the position that
neither would recede, nor turn to the right or to the
left to settle this question ? To show the position of
Great Britain on this subject, the Senate had been
referred to the_ newspapers as expressing the tone
of public sentiment; and the Senator from Michi-
gan read, as authority on this subject, extracts
from two newspapers—the Spectator and the
Times; and from his remarks, if he (Mr. M.) un-
derstood them correctly, the Senator is still of the
same opinion that he was a month ago, that there
is still imminent danger of war. The Senator, in
his speech of Monday last, said:
" I consider the danger of war imminent, not
'inevitable. Had I thought it inevitable, I should
'not have submitted propositions for inquiry, but
' decisive measures for adoption. I hold on firm-
' ly, sir, to every word I said before, neither soft-
' ening nor explaining, but denying, because I
' apprehended we might have war, that therefore
' I desired it. And I still consider danger immi-
' nent, not diminished, so far as I know, by the
'recent arrival. The subject in controversy- re-
' mains precisely as it was. The question was,
' and is, whether we shall surrender to the British
' demands, or whether the British Government
' shall surrender to ours. If no such cession is
'made by either party, the two countries will be
' brought into conflict. I see no indication that
' one or the other will sufficiently yield. And
' there is an article in the London Times of Jfan-
' uary 2, which does not look as though England
