ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
* would go farther in her offers than, she had al-
' ready gone.- It is unequivocal and decisive."
He (Mr. M.) did not put" much confidence
in sentences gathered from newspapers; neither
did he judge of the intention- of Grreat Britain
from what he had seen in the journals. The
Senator- had, from the Times of the 2d of Jan-
uary, inferred that there was no prospect of the
settlement of the question. Had the Senator ex-
amined the paper of the next day, (the 3d,) he
would have found in that paper an article which
had been hailed in this country, in a certain quarter
—and that quarter must have great influence with
the Senator—as an olive-branch of peace. He
would ask the attention of the Senate to the article
referred to. The Times says:
"We think, then, that every purpose both
* of honor and interest would bo answered, if the
' British minister, on whom now devolves the duty of
' making fresh proposals lo the Government of the
' United Slates, were to renew, on his part, the of-
' fer made to England by Mr. Gallatin m the r.rcsi-
4 dcncy and under the direction of Mr. Adams.
* That proposal was to take the 49 th degree of north Ud'i-
* tude us far as the sect as the boundary line, reserving
i to Great Britain Vancouver's island, Ike harbor of SL
* Juan de Fuca, and the free navigation of the Co-
* lumbia. This would be a concession us far as
4 superficial area of ground is concerned. It would
' leave the United States musters of the gicatrr part.
' of the Oregon. But it would secure the princi-
' pal advantage of the country—the free navigation
' of the Columbia—to the servants of the Hudson
'."Bay Company, as well as harborage, anchorage,
•ami settlements for English vessels trading with
* China and our possessions in Australia and New
' Zealand. It would conecde all that the most suc-
' ressful war could acquire—a sovereign but barren
'dominion; it would secure all the commercial
' blessings of an honorable compromise and a ia-
' thm.d peace. It would not demhe the native
* Americans of any equitable advantage, but it
'would retain for ft i! ,liidimen that privilege to
'which they are justly entitled—the privilege of
' sharing in the tra'flie between North America and
'the Kn^lish settlements in the Pacific. i\'o im-
4 partial man can expect that an English minister
' would ever consent to transfer to the United States
1 the monopoly of the carrying trade between llud-
* son s bay and English colonies in that sea.
" We hope that m> rules of diplomatic etiquette will
' prevent our representative at Washington from
' making some proposal of this hind. We hope, also,
' that no false pride, or more ignoble sentiment,
' will preclude tnc ministry at Washington from
4 accepting it. And if they do reject it as coming
' from us, we do not see liow, after such a rejec-
' lion, they can refttse to submit the question of
■ miles still left in dispute to the arbitration of some
' neutral power. To reject an offer conceived in
'the spirit of peace and moderation, and, at the
* same time, to demur to the suggestion of a refer-
* encc, would be to deserve, not less than to pro-
< voke, the imputation of the most reprehensible
* obstinacy or the most insolent injustice."
Mr. M. said it would bo perceived that the
Times recommends that the Government of Great
Britain should take up the proposition made by
Mr. Gallatin, under Mr. Adams's ndministiation,
to settle the Oregon question at the 49(h decree of
north latitude, reserving to Great Britain Vancou-
ver's island, the harbor of St. Juan de JAica, and
the free navigation of the Columbia.
Upon that publication (said Mr. M.) I find in the
"Union" of this morning an article which I have
read with a great deal of pleasure, and I ask leave
of the Senate to read that portion of it which re-
lates to this question:
"That great journal is—with all its enormous
' sins against America—a shrewd observer of the
' pulse of the English Government and people; and
* if it has observed aright in this instance—if the
4 British peopie will sustain the British Govern-
* ment now, m coming forward tons with the pro-
position alluded to, to wit: the same proposition
1 which Mr. Adams made to the British Government,
' orul which that Government then most wrongfully
' and unwisely rejected—if, we say, the British Cab-
' inet shall now come forward to renew the nego-
' tiatioh with us in a spirit of farther compromise,
4 on that proposal—if the farther concessions on the
'part of Great Britain, which the rights and in-
4 terests of the United States might require in the
i premises, shall then be treated by Great Britain
' in the spirit of justice which the adoption on her
' part of that preliminary proposition may be sup-
' posed to indicate in part—then we say—certainly
' not that the question could be at once settled, for
' in the present new attitude of the question, nego-
4 tiation even on that proposition would yet have
* a great deal to accomplish—many just rights of
' ours still to secure, many great and sacred inter-
' ests of ours yet to protect;—but this we will say,
' that such a proposal as that on the part of the
' British Government, made in the manner and car-
' ried out in the spirit which we have indicated,
' would make every fnend of just and honorable
' peace, both in this country and in England, and
' throughout the world, 'breathe freer and deep-
£ er,' with a good hope for civilization, for free m-
( stitutions, and for mankind, it would not then
' be unreasonable to hope that on such a proposal,
' so made and so carried out to the more ample re-
' cognition of our just claims, farther negotiation
| ' might yet build a peaceful monument to the en-
J 4 lightened moderation and justice of two great na-
j « lions."
I 1 am very happy, Mr. President, that there is
j still a mode sut^ested by which these difiicul-
i ties can be settled: and although 1 do not under-
| take, nor wish lo be so understood, to advocate the
: views presented in the " Union," yet I wish the
country to understand that this great question is
now in a position to be settled and open to com-
promise upon principles of justice and a regard for
j the peace of the world; that we are not in that
j strait m which war is inevitable. {Sir, 1 have al-
! ways said that this question was still open to ne-
gotiation. 1 so understood the President's Mes-
1 sage; and such has been the declarations ol' the
! leading journals on that side of polities throughout
! the country; and, sir, it would he very strange if
i it ueie not so—parsing sUange. 1 think that it
; is by peaceful negotiation only that tint? bound-
| tny line can be settled and delmed—not by war.
i And now the country will be pleased to hear
! liom the ollieial organ itself, that the question
| is still open for negotiation—that it may be still
1 settled so as to rejoice the hearts of the io\eis of
; puiee throughout the woild. What means, then,
1 this phrase of "going for the whole of Oiegon or
none ?"' What is the meaning of the war speeches
we ha\e heaid on this question5 What becomes
of those ceitam, conclusive, and incontrovertible
rights by which, we aie told, this nation is entitled
to the whole of Oregon'' Sir, this Government is
now standing where it ought to stand, and where,
I firmly believe, it intended to stand from the be-
ginning—keeping itself open for negotiation. I
believe that all this noise about war is intended
more for the galleries of this House, than for the
| Administration to act on. Sir, we are told that the
i heai is of the people of this country must be pre-
! pared for war—to stand on the first inch of Orc-
I gon—for by giving that, we must yield the last.
| air, when the people of ibis country are satisfied
that the whole of Oregon or a portion of it is
theirs—the moment you show them where, not
whereabouts, the first meh of their eountiy is—I'll
be bound for it they aic ready to light for it. But
before they aie ready to go into a contest of this
kind, they look to the Executive to do his duty—
to show them where the boundary of their coun-
try is. When that is established you will fin<3 no
man in the Senate, nor m this wide land, disposed
to hesitate; but they will go into no war lo settle a
mere boundary line. 1 know of two men in our
i pait of the country, whose farms were adjacent to
I each other, and who disputed about the boundary
i line; and the principle involved in the dispute was,
| whether the line ran on the north or south side of
j a tree, two feet over. Upon this narrow point they
I went to law. These were inch-men, sir, who, in-
' stead of settling this mere boundary question by
I compromise, contended for the first disputed foot,
! and thereby lost, m expensive litigation, every
i bioad acre of land they possessed.
I Again, sir; it is said war is inevitable. If we
| give the notice, the honorable Senator from Ar-
| kansas says he believes we will have war. Well,
I believe, if that state of things were followed up
with the declarations of my friend from Indiana—
" the whole of Oregon or none"—if we take pos-
session of the whole country, and reject all negoti-
ation on the subject, nothing is left but war. It is
a declaration of war. It is tantamount to saying
to Great Britain, "this country is ours; we shall
have it all." Any child would know that such lan- I
guage as that' amounted to a declaration of war.
I ask, then, why give the notice in the present state
of things, if it will lead to war ? Is it because you
are afraid England will negotiate you out of it?
Are you afraid that the British authorities must
have the advantage? I believe, sir, nobody has
a right to come to that conclusion; I believe it
will not be borne out by our diplomatic his-
tory. Nothing, sir, is a cause of greater pride
to the American people than the diplomatic his-
tory of their country. Where have we been
overreached or defeated? When, in what case,
has our nation been dishonored by the men who
were entrusted to settle and defend their nation-
al rights ? I believe, with a little time and pru-
dence, with the present prospect of things before
us, there will be no difficulty in settling, and
that honorably, this question. But, sir, if we op-
pose this consummation—if we are determined
upon notice, and going for war—then war will
surely come, and we had better prepare for it. If
Senators tell me that the notice ought to be given—
that the notice will produce war—then I ask them,
in the name of my country, to prepare for it. In
this view of the case, in what position does the
Administration stand ? The Executive has recom-
mended the giving of the notice; Senators high in
the confidence of the Administration tell us that it
will lead to war. Is this followed up by picpara-
tions for war? No, sir; nothing of the kind.
There is no recommendation to prepare for war;
the whole country is prepared for peace. *The
whole tenor of the recommendations of the Mes-
sage is one of peace. What measures were they
that were recommended? A reduction of the la-
nff, the establishment of a subtreasury! Glori-
ous preparations for war, it must be admitted!
fie could not biing himself to believe, then, that
the President, as Senators represented, entertained
the supposition tlmtwai was inevitable.
It was not his intention, at this time, to enter
into the great question of our rights to Oregon.
That question is not now before the Senate. He
only desired to express his solemn convictions that
all our lights to Oregon could be maintained without
war, and without any sacrifice of national honor.
He thought it due to his constituents to protest
against the adoption of any measuics calculated,
in his opinion, to lead them into an unnecessary
war. When war does come, if come it must, on
a question like this, it will then be too late to op-
pose it; too late to talk of peace and of the calami-,
ties of war. The natural state of this country is
peace. Under its influence, we have advanced to
our present state of national glory and prosperity;
and the statesmen who can maintain the peace of
this nation for twenty years to come will do more
towards acquiring dominion, wealth, and glory,
for their country, than can be accomplished by the
heroes of a thousand wars. He therefore felt it
to be his duty to abstain fiom doing any thing that
might prevent an amicable and an honorable set-
tlement of this question; but to do everything in
his power, consistent with the national honor, to
preserve the peace of the country.
Mr. CASS then rose and said that, being obliged
to leave the city to-morrow, he was desirous of oc-
cupying a few minutes on the subject before them.
To him the question was a very simple and plain
one. It was this, and nothing else: "Are the de-
fences, military and naval, in a fit and proper state
for such a country?" He asked every gentleman
who heard him to put his hand to his heart and
answer that question. Why, if the naval forces
of the country were called upon, they would not
afford a vessel for each of the harbors; and as for
the standing army, if it were stationed round the
country, the soldiers on guard would not be in
sight of each other. They knew that activity pre-
vailed to a striking extent in the military and na-
val departments of Great Britain; it was notorious
that she was fitting out powerful armaments for
some object not known; and yet in the relations
now existing between her and this country, the
latter is now as defcncclcss as she was twenty
years ago. Every gentleman ought to ask him-
self, Was the country in the state in which it
ought to be? They had heard a great deal said
about a war establishment and a peace establish-
ment. For his part, he did not understand the
distinction. He thought that every establishment
for defence presupposed a state of war. If they
could calculate on a continuance of peace, there
would be no occasion for any establishment. War
