268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 58.
Was the end of all their establishments, naval and
military. Every man ought to ask himself this
plain practical question: Do the circumstances in
which the country is placed threaten danger? The
gentleman from New Jersey had just given ex-
pression to the same views, but he was altogether
surprised to hear him talk of the fact of his having
heard war spoken of there as inevitable. He
should be very sorry it was, but he was persuaded
that such a thing had not been asserted in that
body. The gentleman had also said England was
willing to negotiate. He (Mr. Cass) hoped with
all his heart she would; but it was to be kept in
mmd that the difficulties increased every moment.
No man led the country. The country led itself
ill peace or war. They exercised an individual
opinion, but the country was not an individual.
Now it could not be denied that, all things con-
sidered, if there was a reasonable probability of
war, there ought to be a reasonable preparation.
The gentleman had said the bill before them was
neither a peace nor a war measure; but it was still
perhaps adapted to the present position of affairs.
As danger approaches, the necessity for prepara-
tion increased. No nation in the world ever said
"she would sit down in peace and raise all the
money at once she should want." Nations were
like individuals, and the same principles applied
to them ill both cases. Every naval otficer would
tell them it took four, five, or six months, to pre-
pare vessels for sea. If he was guarantied peace,
then he would not go into war; but if he thought
there was a reasonable danger of war, he would
make reasonable preparations. He would, there-
fore, change his friend's bill, and provide for a
greater increase of the army and navy. Nobody
there wanted war; but there would be still dif-
ferences of opinion as to its likelihood, the prob-
ability of its approach, and the sacrifices that
should be made to avoid it, and sustain peace.
The greater part of gentlemen went on the suppo-
sition that the present peaceful state of things
would be uninterrupted; but the real question to
be kept in view was—is there such evidence as
went to show that the Government of Great Britain
will make such reasonable sacrifices connected
with Oregon, as to induce this Government to ac-
cept them? If there were not such evidences, it
was their duty to begin to make expenditures.
Armies and navies were not permanent, if they
raised an army it could be more easily disbanded
when not wanted ; no matter what force was mar-
shalled, the hands of the nation were upon it, and
it could not be kept there without their leave, ile
was not for war ; the cry raised was out of place,
and it was unfair that gentlemen 011 that floor
should be charged with it. Was there, he would
ask, a single Senator on the right side of the house
who would put his hand to his breast and say there 1
was no danger of war? They were told by the
President that negotiations were at an end; but
nobody could be authorized to say that they
should be perpetually closed. It would be a spe-
cies of insanity to say so. But was there any
prospect of their being renewed? They all knew
they had been suspended, and, as far as he knew,
there had been no offer made on the part of Great
Britain to renew them. We claimed the whole of
Oregon; so did England. For so tar, causes have
kept the two parties from coming in contact there;
but there was no power on earth to prevent it much
longer, unless a clear and strict treaty to define the
boundary. Nothing was clearer than that. Now,
suppose the notice was given, and no preparation
made; the consequences were very obvious.
Again: suppose the notice should not be given;
the consequence would be, that in a few years the
whole territory would be completely overrun with
a heterogeneous population. And could it be sup-
posed that it was to remain in that condition, as it
is now ? Was it for a moment to be fancied that it
could be peacefully settled by two distinct Govern-
ments, and colonized by two distinct people. J. he
idea was absurd. If that state of things were al-
lowed to exist, as surely as the sun shone in the
sky, it would bring them into war. It might be
postponed for a few months, but the first gun nred
m Oregon would be the signal for the conflict.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I take the responsibility—
to make the matter as short as possible of saying
that the article in this morning's " Union, ' refer-
red to by the Senator from New Jersey, dpes not
present the views, does not expiess the sentiments
of the President. It never met his eye before pub-
lication, and at this hour it does not meet the ap-
probation of the President—not one word of it.
Mr. WEBSTER. Is that an exception to the
general rule ? Does the President usually revise
the articles in the " Union ?"
Mr. SPEIGHT obtained the floor, and moved
that the Senate do now adjourn; but withdrew his
motion.
Mr. TURNEY moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill providing for the settlement
of the claims of the State of New Hampshire
against the United States was rejected; and pend-
ing this motion,
file Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 28, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
business would be the call of the committees for
reports.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT rose and asked
the House at ibis time to take up and consider the
following resolution, which he had intioduced on
the eve of the adjournment yesterday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bp
directed to report to this House a detailed state-
ment showing the amount of public money lost by
the treasury since the 1st of January, 1834, by
reason of the failure or delinquency of deposite
banks; and, also, the amount lost during the same
period by reason of the defalcation or delinquency
of collectors, receh ers, and all other officers charged
with the coilcetion, custody, and disbursement of
the public funds; and what steps have been taken
for the recovery of the same.
Mr. HOPKINS was understood to say that
these statements would make a very largo volume,
and would entail a very heavy expense on the
House. He must therefore object.
Mr. IiUiN'T appealed, ineffectually, to Mr.
Hopkins to withdraw his objection.
So the resolution was laid over.
Mr. STANTON rose and moved a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the following resolution,
reported yesterday by Mr. Pettit, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, on the memorial of Wil-
liam Lanphier and Joseph Harris, had been
adopted:
ttesolred, That the said William Lanphier and
Joseph Harris are not'entitled to any relief.
Mr. S., in support of his motion, and in reply
to the report of the committee that these gentle-
men had done no more service to the Government
than they had agreed to do, entered briefly into a
statement of what the parties themselves had to
say, and of what, he thought, the committee ought
to say, so as to placc the parties on a proper foot-
ing.
The matter (Mr. S. said) was important to no-
body but the gentlemen themselves, and the whole
sum involved did not exceed five hundred dollars.
Mi-. RATHBUN briefly explained the action
of the Committee on the J udiciary.
And the question was then taken and decided in
the negative
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by leave, presented the fol-
lowing communications, viz :
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting the annual report of the in-
spectors of the Penitentiary for the District of Co-
lumbia; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting, in obedience to the eleventh section of the act
of Congress, approved 26th of August, 1842, a list
of clerks and other persons engaged in the depart-
ment during the last year, and the salary of each,
together with the residence of each at the time of
his appointment; which letter and list were laid
upon the table.
A letter from the Second Auditor of the Treasu-
ry Department, transmitting, in obedience to the
act of the 30th of June, 1834, copies of such ac-
counts as have been rendered by persons charged
or intrusted with the disbursements of money, &c.,
for the benefit of Indians, ftpai- the Istof October,
1844, to the 30th of September, 1845, inclusive;
together with other information upon the same
subject; which, letter atid copies of accounts were
referred to the Committee on Expenditures of the
War Department.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,-'
in obedience to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 17th instant, copies of all
documents and papers containing all the evidence
in possession of the department illustrative of da-
ring acts and outrages lately committed in the
Cherokee nation, and of the persons or party who
were responsible for such outrages, which letter,
documents, &c., were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
THE OREGON DEBATE.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union on joint
resolution No. 5, relative to Oregon, shall cease at
two o'clock, p. m., on Thursday, February 5th,
(if the committee shall npt sponer come to a con-
clusion on the same,) and tWeoTfttttftfee'shafl then
proceed to vote on such amendments as may be
pending or offered to the same, and shall then re-
port it to the House, with such amendments as
may have been agreed to by the cdmmittee.
Mr. P. KING asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution; which were refused.
Tellers were demanded.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The motion being agreed to, the resolution (with-
out a count) was laid on the table.
A motion to that effect having been made and
agreed to, the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN announced the unfinished
business to be the joint lesolution from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, providing for the termi-
nation of the convention of3827 between the Gov-
ernments of the United States and Great* Britain
concerning the territory of Oregon. '.
Mr. OWEN was entitled to the floor; but being
at the moment out of his seat, . .
Mr. THOMASSON asked the committee to take
up the bill (or joint resolution) referring to the Post
Office Department the claims of Seth Leavenworth
for adjustment.
The CHAIRMAN suggested that that bill must
be in Committee of the Whole, and not in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. J, R. INGERSOLL moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. STARKWEATHER hoped, he said, that
the motion would not prevail. There were many
members who were desirous to speak.
The CHAIRMAN said that any gentleman who
claimed the floor would be entitled to it.
Mr. WENTWORTH said the gentleman who
held the floor [Mr. Owen] would be in the House
in a few moments.
A motion was again made on the right of the
Chair that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN (addressing Mr. J. R. Ik-
gersoll) inquired whether he insisted on his mo-
tion that the committee rise.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said yes, because the
gentleman who was entitled to the floor was not
at the moment in the House.
The CHAIRMAN was about to put the ques-
tion; when
Mr. OWEN, who had entered the Hall ad inte-
rim, rose and claimed the floor, and addressed the
committee as follows:
Edmund Burke, when a member of the British
Parliament, was once asked, why ministers, when,
in any case, they had a well-ascertained majority,
did not press the question at once, without the
trouble of discussing its merits. " That has been
tried, was his reply, " but it would not do. The
minister who should persevere in it- would soon
have to go out.''
And yet there is no direct responsibility of the
nntish Premier to the people whom lie governs.
Powerful he is; absolute, almost, while hel-etains
a controlling majority at his beck; but still, he
must defer to public opinion; or, if he neglect such
deference, loss of power, and degradation fiom
place, is the speedy penalty,
