- ?s
270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan., ;
stoutly maintains the contrary. Ill his letter to
Mr. Buchanan of July last, he says:
" The Nootka Sound convention has continued
' in full and. complete force up to the present mo-
'ment."
He argues, in another part of the same letter,
in regard to this convention, that
" It must be considered as an acknowledgment of
. ' existing rights, an admission of certain principles
' of international law, not to be revoked at the
1 pleasure of either party, or to be set aside by a
' cessation of fiiendly relations between them."
In so far as the convention actually recognises ter-
ritorial rights then existing, there is force in the
above view. And, at all events, after such a de-
claration , England is forever barred from demur-
ring to any conclusion, to which, following the
text and stipulations of that convention, we may
justly arrive.
Now, taking the words of that convention thus
expressly appealed to by Great Britain, interpiet-
ing these in their plain and obvious sense, corrob-
orated and elucidated by the most authentic com-
mentaries thereon, I assert, broadly and positively,
that this very document recognises in Spain—and
consequently in us as Spain's assignee—an abso-
LUTE AKD UNDIVIDED RIGHT OF TERRITORY VP TO
THE LATITUDE OP FORTY-NINE AND A HALF: and,
IN BOTH NATIONS A JOINT RIGHT OF SETTLEMENT
THENCE TO THE BOUNDARY SINCE AC REED UPON
WITH llUSSIA.
I repeat it: by the Nootka Sound convention,
England wholly relinquishes to Spain all territorial
right south of latitude forty-nine and a half; and
grants to that country equal right with herself
north of that parallel.
As to the accuracy and justice of this view of the
cise, I submit, it, without one doubt as to the re-
sult, alike to scrupulous friends at home, and to
just-minded enemies abroad. If to the learned
gentleman from Virginia. [Mr. Bayly,] who did
not allude to it yesterday in his argument 011 title,
or to any one else, it seems overstrained, his atten-
tion I ask to the proofs I am about to adduce.
Let him suffer me, in tlu- fust place, to refer him
to an episode in British history, instructive in it-
self, as a specimen of the temper and policy of
that powerful Government, and especially interest-
ing in connexion with her diplomacy at the present
day.
It was in 1790. William Pitt, the ablest of tory
statesmen, the best friend of negro freedom in Eng-
land and of feudal slavery in France,—William
Pitt was Prime Minister. In May of that year, a
roval message declared to parliament that certain
British vessels had been seized 011 the northwest
coast of America by a Spanish officer, and that a
demand for satisfaction had been fruitlessly made
upon Spain. The message therefore recommend-
ed vigorous preparations for war.
In confirmation of this allfged outrage on the
British flag, a memorial was, a few days after-
wards, presented to Parliament, sigjied by one John
Meares, commander of the vessels in question, in
which lie stated, that he hod reached Nootka, on
a trading voyage, in 1788; that he had then pur-
chased from Maquinna, the native chicf, " a spot
' of ground whereon he built a house for his occa-
' sional residence; that he afterwards proceeded to
' China; and in 1789 sent two vessels to the north-
' west coast; that these had been seized in the
' name of the Spanish King, while at anchor in
« Nootka sound, by Don Martinez, who had pro-
« viously made a Spanish settlement there ; that
4 their crews had been sent as usurpers to a Span-
ish prison ; and that the flag of Spain had been
' hoisted on ' the lands' belonging to the memo-
A negotiation ensued. Spain offered to submit
the matter to arbitration, by any one of the Kings
of Europe, to be chosen by England; but the Brit-
ish Government, not then as much in favor of that
mode of settling a dispute as now, refused all arbi-
tration and hastened her military preparations ;
eouipping, by incredible exertions and at a cost of
fifteen million dollars, seventy ships of the line in
five months. Spain, in this emergency, applied
for aid to the National Assembly of France ; and
Mirabeau reported in her favor. The language of
his report might almost be supposed to nave sup-
plied a text for use in our own day:
" Shall we do so much injustice (said he) to the
' character of two enlightened nations as to sup-
' pose they would lavish their blood and treasure
' for the acquisition of so distant, so barren a spot
' of ground."
With many high compliments to England, the
report concludes, that Spain must not be deserted
at a moment of danger; and, accordingly, the As-
sembly voted an augmentation of the naval force.
But the reluctance of France-to engage in a war
with England soon became so apparent, that Spain,
finding herself pressed, with haughty urgency, for
a categorical answer, and considering that Great
Britain had augmented her navy to a hundred and
fifty-eight sail-of-the-line, while her own numbered
but seventy line-ships, finally, in October of the
same year, submitted to necessity, and signed, at
the Escurial, the celebrated Convention op Noot-
ka; the same since claimed liy England as the
basis of all her territorial rights 011 the northwest
coast.
It behooves us to examine, with strict care, the
provisions of that convention.
Its first and second articles declare, that " the
buildings and tracts of land of which the subjects
of his Britannic Majesty were dispossessed," in
1789, shall be restored; and that just reparation
shall be made for all acts of violence and forcible
seizure of property on the northwest coast.
Its third article secures to both nations the navi-
gation and fishery in the Pacific and South seas,
" subject, nevertheless, to the provisions and re-
strictions specified in the three following articles;"
that is to say, the 4tli, 5th, and 6th.
The fourth article prohibits British subjects from
navigating or fishing within ten sea leagues of any
Spanish settlement.
And the fifih article, the most important of the
whole, lying at the very basis of the present dis-
pute, reads thus:
"Art. 5. It is agreed that, as well in the places
•which are to be restored to the British subjects
'by virtue of the first article, as in all other parts
'of the northwestern coasts of North America, or
'of the islands adjaccnt, situated to the north of
'the coast already occupied by Spain, wherever
' the subjects of the two Powers shall have made
'settlements since the month of April, 1789, or
* shall hereafter make any, the subjects of the other
| 'shall have free access, and shall carry on their
' trade without any disturbance or molestation."
(The sixth article refers to South America.)
Observe, I pray yon, the wording of this arti-
cle. The species of joint occupation thereby es-
tablished is to be, as well at Nootka, if land be
there restored to British subjects, as in other parts
of the northwest coast, " situated to the north of the
parts already occupied by Spain." "Occupied"
is the word, not even legally possessed; and " al-
ready occupied:" that is, at the date of the conven-
tion, to wit: on the 98th of October, 1790. That,
at that date, Nootka had been " already occupied
by Spain,'' is a fact, which no one pretends to
denv: a fact established, indeed, by the memorial
of Meares itself.
But the latitude of Nootka is a little north of
forty-nine anil a half. Tt follows, that by that very
convention to which the British commissioners
appeal, in which they profess to discover the sole
authentic source of all territorial rights 011 the
northwest, const, England has not a shadow of a
claim south of forty-nine and a half, and but a joint
right of scttlenu'nt north of that latitude.
Is this a new view of the subject? a new inter-
pretation of that convention and the reciprocal
rights it confirms ? It may be new to many mem-
bers of this House. It may be new, even among
the arguments called forth by the negotiations 011
this subject; for our negotiators, not admitting
that the Nootka Convention is still in force, may
not have deemed it necessary scrupulously to test
the bearing of its provisions. It is not new to
England, no matter with what skilful ingenuity
she has hitherto kept it out of sight. To the Brit-
ish Cabinet it is nearly as old as the convention
itself. It is established by that commentary on
the convention, of all others the most authentic,
namely, the debates in Parliament occurring but a
few weeks after its signature, and growing out of
the usual motion for an address of thanks to the
King on the occasion.
In the Lords, the Duke of Montrose-moved the
vote of thanks. How does this apologist of the j
crown construe the rights accruing under the con-
vention? Hear him: J
" We are not only restored to Nootka, but we '■
' may participate in a more northern settlement, if we !
'should find at .any time, that a more, northern
' situation would be preferable for the qarjyingspn
'of the trade."—Parliamentary flUtonj/., vol. 28,
p. 934. .. ... , , ""'v'
In the Commons, the mover of the .adtfoess did
not even allude to the acquisition, by .tie, concep-
tion, of any territorial rights whafevetfj.'btft.a.cer-
tain loyal Mr. Smith, who followed him, boasted,
in the exultation of his heart) . ■
"Thai the tohole coast of Prince WiUiain'jSonnd
' was free for us to settle on, no place being occu-
'pied there by a Spanish eolony."—Pari. Hist.,
vol. 28, p. 980.
Prince William's Sound lies in sixty north lati-
tude, more than seven hundred miles north of
Nootka. If Mr. Smith were still alive, he would
have to settle that claim with the Russians, not
with us.
But the chief debate in the Lower House, and
that which is decisive of the entire question, was
between the two master spirits of the day, Fox
and Pitt. To it I invite your special attention.
Mr. Fox, whose patriotism no man ever doubt-
ed, first makes a concession of the,greatest im-
poitance to Spain. He said:
" He was as much a friend to the claims of Spain,
'sanctioned by thu treaty of Uirceht. a.s (mint
' Florida Blanca, or any Spanish minister, because
' they were founded in justice. These were, an ex-
' elusive right of territory, navigation and commerce,
' on the seas and coasts of Spanish America. The
' absurd and extravagant claims arose from extend-
' ing the term Spanish America, to seas and coasts
' where Spain had no light of occupancy. To what
' did we object before, but to the indefinite limits
' of Spanish America > The objection Still remain-
' ed; for the limits of Spanish America were still
'undefined."—p. 991.
Following up the same argument, he adds:
" Where our admitted right of settlement oh the
' northwest coast commenced was completely un-
' defined. If it was said at Nootka, we did notknovi
' that Nootka would be restored."—Ibid.
And again:
" Thus we had given.up all right to settle, except
' for temporary purposes, to the South of the Span-
' ish settlements, or in the intervals between them, if
' they happened to be distant. We had obtained
' an admission of our right to Settle to the north,
' and even that we had not obtained with clearness.
' As Spanish settlements were the only mark of
' limits, suppose we were to meet With one farther
' to the north than we expected, and a dispute were
' to arise, whether it was new or old, it would be
' some difficulty to send out our builders to decide,
' &c."-—p. 995.
Such were Mr. Fox's interpretations of the con-
vention. Will it be argued, that they are but the
opinions of on opposition member, however dis-
tinguished for probity and ability? But we have
the reply of Mr. Pitt, officially recorded, to prove
what was admitted and what denied by the British
cabinet.
I will ask my fellow-members to read that speech
of Mr. Pitt, as they will find it in the "Parliamen-
tary History of England," from the first word to
the last. They will find there not one syllable
contradicting the assertions made, and inferences
drawn by his great rival, in the foregoing extracts.
Mr. Fox had said that Spain's claim of exclusive
territory in Spanish America was founded in jus-
tice. No denial of this by Mr. Pitt. Mr. Fox had
asserted, that either Nootka, if indeed Nootka was
restored, or a yet more northern Spanish settle-
ment, if such should hereafter be found, was the
mark of limit on the north of Spanish America.
Mr. Pitt's silence admits the accuracy of this in-
terpretation. Mr. Fox had declared, that to the
south of these Great Britain had renounced all
right of sovereignty 01- permanent settlement.
That, too, by passing it over unanswered, Air.
Pitt concedes. Nay, the British minister goes fur-
ther yet. In reply to the inference deduced by Mr.
Fox from the above, that " every new regulation
was a concession, not an acquisition," Mr. Pitt
admits:
'' That though what this country (Great B/itain)
' had gained consisted not of new rights, it cer-
' tainly did of new advantages."—p. 1002.
_ And then he proceeds to expatiate on territorial
rights acquired *? on the privilege of settlement south
to San Francisco? Not a word of it; but on the
whale fishery and its advantages; and therewith
he winds up his speech.
