1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
Now is it credible—is it conceivable even—that
a minister, than whom one more able in debate or
more accomplished in diplomacy never guided the
destinies of Britain, should have listened to all
these assertions, thus publicly put forth in the Na-
tional Legislature, by a- member hardly second td
himself .in talent and in -standing; knowing, fob,
that the next morning the thousand tongues of the
press were to declare these aloud, to England, to
Spain, to the civilized world; is it, I ask, within
the bounds of possibility-, that such a minister
should have suffered all this without protest or
contradiction^ if any protest could reach, if any
contradictioncoulddisprovc it? It isnot credible,
not conceivable, not possible. No man who stands
on his reputation for common sense, will argue Or
believe it.
The conclusion is irresistible, that, let England's
pretensions on the northwest coast be, at tfie pre-
sent day, what they will, they extended, in 1790,
no further than to a joint right of settlement north
of latitude forty-nine and a half, shared with her
equally by Spain. Such was, then, the "ac-
knowledgment of existing rights," which, Mr.
Pakenham declares, "cannot be revoked at the
pleasure of either party."
I might here rest, without another word, the
whole case. But it is useful, as well as curious, to
pursue the matter a little further, and trace the
growth of these pretensions of England, from their
modest shape in 1790, to their overgrown form at
the present day.
The firstopportunity on which England, in ac-
cordance with a policy which has gradually secured
to her the dominion of a large portion of the world,
saw fit to push onward her territorial claims in
Northwestern America, was the appointment of
commissioners to carry out the first article of the
Nootka convention.
The celebrated navigator Vancouver was ap-
pointed on behalf of England, and a Sefior Quadra
on the pert, of Spain. They met at Nootka, in
August, 1792; and the account of ilieir negotiation
is given to us by Vancouver, in the narrative ol' his
voyage. Their respective views as to the lands to
1)6 restored were soon found to differ very widely. I
Quadra maintained that Menres never had actu- I
ally purchased any land at Nootka; that he had
never oven had possession of any, except a single
spot, "forming nearly an equilateral triangle, not
extending a hundred yards on any one side, bound-
ed in front by tlie sea, and on the other two sides
by high craggy rocks," on which isolated spot
Mr. Meares had erected his temporary residence.
He adduced, in proof of his assertions, the testi-
mony of two American captains, (Gray and In-
graham,) who had been present at Nootka in 1788,
and during the whole proceedings in 1789. These
gentlemen depose, that though they remained there
nine months, and could converse perfectly with
the natives, they never heard of any purchase of
land by Meares.
In regard to buildings, and in proof that even the
above spot of grouttd'was abandoned by Meares,
when his last vessel, (the Iphigenia,) commanded
by a Captain Douglass, left the Sound, in the au-
tumn of 1788, they add:
" On the arrival of the Columbia, in the year
' 1788, there was a house, or rather a hut, consist-
' ing of rough posts, covered ivith boards, made by
' the Indians; but this Captain Douglass pulled to
' pieces prior to his sailing to the Sandwich islands,
' the same year. The boards he took on board the
' Iphigenia, and the roof he gave to Captain Ken-
' drick, which was cut up and used as firewood on
' board the Columbia ; so that on the arrival of Don
' Martinez, there was no vestige of any house re-
' maining."—Proofs and Illustrations to Greenhorn's
Oregon, p. 415.
Under these circumstances Sen or Quadra very
naturally concluded, that Meares had been dispos-
sessed of neither lands nor buildings; and, conse-
quently, that there was " nothing to deliver up."
He observed, at the same time, (so Vancouver in-
forms us:)
" That Nootka might to be the last or most nortk-
1 wardly Spanish settlement; that there the dividing point
' should be fixed; and that, from thence to the north-
' ward should be free for entrance, use, and com-
' merce to both parties, conformably with the fifth ar-
1 tide of the convention; that establishments should
' not be formed without permission of the respective
'courts; and that the English should not pass to the
' south of Fiica."—Vancouver's Voyage, vol. 2 ,p. 342.
In a word, the Spanish commissioner put upon
the provisions of the convention the very same in-
terpretation which had been put upon them, pub-
licity and uncontradicted, by Fox and others in the
British Parliament, two years before.
Subsequently, Sefior Quadra offered to leave Van-
couver in possession of the spot Mr. Meares had
occupied, and even to place at his command the
houses, gardens, and offices, then occupied by the
Spaniards, whilst himself retired; but " without
prejudice to the legitimate right of Spain."
To this Vancouver declared, that he was not au-
thorized to agree. He contended that the words
"buildings and tracts of land"employed in the
first article of the convention could not possibly be
construed to mean merely a triangular spot hardly
containing one acre of ground, and
" That at least the whole port of Nootka, of
' which his Majesty's subjects had been forcibly
' dispossessed, and at which themselves, their ves-
' sels and cargoes had been captured, must have
' been theproposed object of restitution."—Voyage,
vol. 2, p. 375.
He also put forward the British claim, then for
the first time asserted, to equal settlement with
Spain, south to latitude thirty-eight; declaring that
he
" Conceived Port St. Francisco to be the north-
' ernmost settlement occupied by the subjects of
' His Catholic Majesty, in April, 1789."—Voyage,
vol. 2. p. 350.
This, by the way, was not, in any sense, the
question; the words " already occupied clearly re-
ferring to the date of the convention, to wit, Octo-
ber, 1790; and not, by any possible construction,
as Vancouver would have them refer, to the date j
of the alleged capture.
As an oll'set to the evidence of Captains Gray
and Jngraham, and, so far as it appears, as the
sole warrant beyond the words of the convention,
for his demand of the whole settlement of JN'ootka,
Vancouver tilings forward the depositions of a
certain Robert Duflin, supercargo under Meaics,
and who was with him at Nootka in 1788. Van-
couver gives, in his voyage, but the substance of
this man's evidence; of winch the mateiml part,
according to his version, is as follows;
" Mr. Meares, attended by himself (Duflin) and
'Mr. Robert Funter, on the ]7lh or 18ih of May,
' 1788, went on shore and bought of the two chiefs,
' Maquilla and Callicmn, the whole of the (and that j
'/arms the Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, in His '
' Majesty's name, for eight or ten sheets of copper, i
' and some trifling articles: that the natives were
' perfectly satisfied, and, with the chiefs, did hom-
1 age to Mr. Meares as their sovereign, according to
' the custom of the country," &c.—Voyage, vol. 2.
pp. 370, 371.
This statement of Duffin's is an utter falsehood;
whether suborned for the occasion or not, we may
not now determine. Great Britain's own principal
witness shall disprove it—the reputed sovereign,
the veiy man who is said to have made this im-
portant purchase, and who published, the next
year, the. narrative of his voyage and his claims
and his wrongs—even Mr. Meares himself. Here
lie is, m very respectable quarto form. And what
is his testimony? What says his daily journal of
the proceedings at Nootka ? Under date the 16th
of May, 1788, (Duffin has it the 17th or 18th,)
Meares says that he had a visit from the two
Nootka chieft. He adds:
"A present consisting of copper, iron, and other
' gratifying articles, was made to the chiefs Ma-
' quilla and Callicum; who, on receiving it, took
' oft' their sea-otter garments, threw them, m the
' most graceful manner, at our feet, and remained,
' in the unattired garb of nature, on the deck."—
Voyage, p. 113—114.
A present observe; and generously returned, too.
But is there no mention made, on that day, or on
the 17th or 18th, of the purchase of Nootka; noth-
ing said of the flattering homage done to Mr.
Meares as sovereign ? Not a syllable, either on
the 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, nor any other day.
The sole foundation for this romance of the^uper-
cargo, if foundation it have at all, is to be found in
Meares's journal, under date of the 25th of that
month, where he says;
"Maquilla had not only most readily consented
' to grant us a spot of ground in his territory,
' whereon a house might be built for the accommo-
' dation of the people we intended to leave there,
' but had promised us also his assistance in for-
' warding our works, and his protection of the
' party who were destined to remain at Nootka
' during our absence. In return for this kindness,
' the chief was presented with a pair of pistols,
1 which he had regarded with an eye of solicitude
' ever since our arrival."—Voyage, p. 114.
Was ever, in a grave dispute between two great
nations, pretension so idle supported by falsehood
so shameless! The whole proceeding is a type,
but too strictly faithful, of England's pretensions
on the Northwest coast. Thus it stands:
Meares, a British trader, in search of furs, puts
into Nootka Sound. There, according to his own
story told his own way, the native chief " con-
sents to grant," not to sell, a " spot of ground,"
whereon he may build; and " in return for this
kindness"—no pretence here of payment, even for
that spot of ground—the trader makes to the chief
a small present. In the commencement of this
man's memorial laid before Parliament two years
afterwards, it is still only "a spot of ground,
whereon to build a house for his occasional resi-
dence;" but it is purchased from Maquilla. Even
before the memorial concludes, however, this mod-
est spot of ground has swelled into "the lands
belonging to your memorialist."
The men in buckram increase in number as the
drama proceeds. By the month of October, 1790,
and in the words of the convention, it had become
" buildings and tracts of land," of which Meares
had been dispossessed; and when two years more
had passed over the transaction, nothing short of
the whole settlement of Nootka, with the recogni-
tion of Meares as sovereign of the territory, would
satisfy the voraciously increasing appetite of the
British claim.
I Spain, as may well be supposed, was not pre-
I pared to keep pace with these yearly-increasing
demands. Quadra and the British navigator part-
ed in personal kindness, but after a fruitless nego-
tiation; Nootka remaining in the possession of
Spain. Vancouver expressly says;
" I requested in conversation the next day (Sep-
' tember ]G, 1792,) to be informed if he (Quadra)
' was positively resolved to adhere, in the restitu-
'tion of this country, to the principles contained
' m his last letter'1 And on receivingliom him a re-
' ply in the affirmative, I acquainted him that I
' should consider Nootka as a Spanish port; and re-
' quested his permission to carry on the necessary
' employments on shore, which he very politely
'gave."—Voyage, rol. 2, p. 367, 368.
Two years after this negotiation, namely, in Sep-
tember, 1794, Vancouverreturned to Nootka,found
the Spanish flag still flying there; and. Quadra
haying died meanwhile, found Sefior Alava ap-
pointed commandant of Nootka. From this gen-
tleman he learnt that he (Alava) had been appoint-
ed " for the particular purpose of finishing the
pending negotiation." But no instructions from
England had reached Vancouver, and he left Noot-
ka without effecting anything.
Two months later, at Monterey, Vancouver
says that Alava received instructions, of which he
confided a part to the British navigator; and these
instructions, so Vancouver tells us, would enable
an amicable adjustment " nearly on the terms of-
fered to Sefior Quadra in September, 1792." But
still, no instructions to Vancouver; who accord-
ingly returned to England, leaving the whole mat-
ter open as before.
So far, then, it is confessed, that for more than
four years after the signature of a convention
wrung from Spain by menace and lavish warlike
preparation, she remained in peaceful and undis-
turbed possession of the entire settlement of Noot-
ka. Nor is there any evidence, unless we consid-
er as such a vague report alluded to by an un-
distinguished navigator, that one foot of land in
that sound was ever surrendered by Spain to Eng-
land. A Captain Broughton, in his " Voyage to
the Pacific," in 1795—'6, tells us that in March,
1796, he made the harbor of Nootka; and he adds:
" I sent an officer into the cove for intelligence,
'who returned at noon, and reported there were
' no vessels in it, and that the spot on which the
' Spanish settlement formerly stood was now—occu-
' pied by an Indian village."—Voyage, p. 50.
He then goes on to say:
" Maquinna, the chief of Nootka, paid us a visit
•here; and he and Clupanutch, another chief,
brought me several letters, dated March, 1795,
which informed me that Captain Vancouver sailed
from Monterey the 1st of December, 1794, for
