272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan . m.
England; and that the Spaniards had delivered
' up the port.of Nootka, &c., to Lieutenant Pierce
' of the marines, agreeably to the mode of restitu-
' tion settled between the two courts. A letter
' from the Spanish officer, Brigadier Alava, in-
formed me of their sailing in March, 1795, from
' hence."
"Several letters," Captain Broughton says 
from whom we are not even informed; and Sefior
Alava mentions nothing of the surrender, but only
that the Spaniards had left the place.
A recent English historical work of reputation,
with the name of the Glueen and most of the nobil-
ity on its list of subscribers, varies this story thus:
" It may be mentioned here that, in 1795, this
< temtory was formally taken possession of by Lieu-
' tenant Pierce of the British navy, and received
' the name of King George's sound."—Molphus's
Reign of George III, vol. 4, p. 502.
Nothing about a surrender here. It "was
formally taken possession of," and named—a very
easy thing for a Lieutenant Pierce, or any one
else to do, after the Spaniards had vacated the set-
tlement.
Whence this " LieutenantPierce of the marines"
sprang, all of a sudden, does not appear. Van-
couver says not a word, in his voyage, of leaving
any one at Nootka. And, on the face of it, it is a
thing most unlikely that England should intrust
the ultimate settlement of a dispute that cost her
millions, and had baffled the diplomacy of Van-
couver, to a simple lieutenant of marines.
But further: even conceding all these glaring im-
probabilities, we neither know what amount of
land was restored, nor under what conditions or
limitations the surrender is alleged to have been
made. Nor could the simple surrender of any
" buildings and tracts of land" there, alter the fact
that Nootka was, m October, 1790, " already oc-
cupied by Spain;" nor the express stipulation of
the convention, that, north of that point of occupa-
tion only, was the coast to be free for settlement
to both Powers.
Yet even this is not the entire case. Two histo-
rians—the only two I have found whose works
date within a few years of this transaction—one a
French authority, the other British—agice in de-
nying that there was any restitution whatever. >Se-
gur the elder, French Ambassador successively at
the courts of St. Petersburg, Beilin, and Vienna,
writing-, in 1801, a "Political Picture of Europe
from 1786 to 1796," says:
"England,under the flimsy pretence of reclaim-
' ing some contraband ships taken by the Spaniards
'on the west coast of North America, threatened
' to declare war against Spam." * * "Prance,
'after a short hesitation, notwithstanding the dis-
' order of her finances, determined to support Spam
' against the English. And the Cabinet of JLon-
' don, intimidated by this encrgetic and unexpect-
1 ed resolution, postponed its ambitious projects, eon-
' tented itself with the restitution of the Mngiish vessels
' that had been captured, and agreed with the Court
'of'Madrid mutually to disarm."—Segur's lieign
of Frederick William, vol. 2, pp. 153 and 171.
The motive maybe incorrectly inferred"; but as
to the fact, we can hardly suppose it unknown to
one of the most noted diplomatists of the day.
The testimony of the British historian Belsham,
Writing in 1805, but ten years after the date of the
affair, is still more distinct. In summing up the
history of the Nootka affair, he says :
" So insignificant was the object in contest, that
' no one, either tn or out of Parliament, has, so far
' as appears, thought it worth while to inquire
' whether restoration has really been ma.de ill the
' mode prescribed by the treaty or not. It is certain,
' nevertheless, from the most authentic subsequent
' information, that the Spanish flag flying at the fort
' and settlement of Nootka was never struck, and
' that the whole territory has been virtually relm-
' quished by Great Britain."—Belsham's History of
England, vol. 8, p. 337-8.
And again, in the appendix to the same volume,
after giving the official documents connected with
the dispute, he adds:
" But though England, at the expense of three
' millions, extorted from the Spaniards a promise
' of restoration and reparation, it is well ascertain-
' ed, first, that the settlement in question never was
' restored by Spain, nor the Spanish flag at Nootka
' ever struck; and secondly, that no settlement has
' ever been subsequently attempted by England on
< the Cahfornian coast. '"'—Appendix, pp. 40-41.
The Edinburgh Review of July last takes nearly
the same view of the facts. Its words are :
" Vancouver left Nootka sound in the possession
' of the Spaniards; and there is considerable doubt
' whether any lands were ever restored to Meares,
' or whether there were any to restore. All we
' know is, that, in 1795, all parties, Spaniards and
' English, had abandoned Nootka Sound, and it
1 has not been re-occupied."-—Reviexo, p. 256, 257.
And, finally, corroborating evidence of the
strongest and most authentic land, in proof that
Nootka was never surrendered to Great Britain by
Spain, and that Spain regarded her exclusive right
south of Nootka as admitted, is to be found in a
veiy curious original Spanish manuscript, preserv-
ed in the Library of Congress, and entitled "Con-
fidential Instructions for the Kingdom of New
Spain," drawn up by Count Gig&lo, former Vice-
roy, and addressed to his successor, the Marquis
Branciforte, dated June 30, 1794.
In these instructions, given, it ought to bo borne
in mind, strictly as a matter of confidential busi-
ness, and not, by possibility, for the sake of effect,
the ex-viceroy says, m paragraph 711:
" Moreover, it will always be necessary that
' there be, in one of these ports, either in that of
' San Francisco or Bucarely or that of JM'oolka itself,
1 in pursuance of the standing agretment with the
' Government of England, some vessels and detach-
' nients of ours, to make respected the authority
' of the sovereign," &c.
We can hardly have anything more conclusive.
And equally to the point is a poition of paragraph
713; in which, after giving it as his opinion that
it was " advisable to contract the Spanish limits as
far as the Straits of Fuca," Gigcdo adds:
" Your Excellency already knows how much
' the past dissensions have cost, notwithstanding
' the good treatment which I gave the English pris-
1 oners, and the compensation I ordered to be
' made for all their losses, which have, in a great
' degree, smoothed the diificulties. A royal deter-
' mutation, in conformity with these principles,
' has been received, for the abandonment of J\'ootka;
' to which service, I have, in consequence of the
' death of the former commissioner, assigned Bri-
' gudier Don Jose Manuel <k Jllava, on account of
' the incidents which might supervene,, and the
' cautions given by the Court to observe the con-
' duct of tilt: English Commissioner."
Such are the tacts of the case. And they would
be equally conclusive of our title, even if Gray had
never discovered the Columbia, and if Lewis and
Claike had ne\er explored it.
They are facts, too, 1 pray you to observe, al-
most exclusively derived from British authorities.
It is the man who is the sculptor, not the lion. And
yet adopting their own version of the story, as-
suming as now in force the document put forth by
England as the sole authentic bill of territorial
rights on the Northwest coast, and interpreting its
provisions by the light of the debates ensuing
thereon in her own Parliament, I do not see how
any candid man can resist the conclusion that Eng-
land has no more right to a foot of soil south of
forty-nine and a half than has the Emperor of Mo-
rocco; and that the only portion of territory in re-
gard to which she may talk of a compromising di-
vision at all, is the tract from Nootka to the Kus-
sian boundary—about five degiees of latitude—of
which tiact the ccntie line is about fifty-two;
leaving us, if we suppose that compromise made,
the whole of Vancouver's island and the coast be-
yond as far north as the southern point of Wash-
ington or Queen Charlotte's island.
And now, let those who accuse our Government
of giasping ambition and reckless contempt of
right, stand forth and answer me. Has our Gov-
ernment claimed more than its own ? Has it offer-
ed no sacrifices for the sake of peace ? By the text
of British-claimed documents, by the showing of
British authorities, latitude fifty-two is the fair line
of compromise. And have we not proffered forty-
nine? In a spirit, even of Q.uaker forbearance,
have we not, to avert the calamities of war, ex-
pressed our willingness to relinquish to British per-
tinacity three degrees—three most important de-
grees, too, embracing the valuable and command-
ing harbors of Vancouver's island—upwards of
two hundred miles of coast, which, on every prin-
ciple of fairness and equity, is our own?
I admit, to an able reasoner from South Caroli-
na, [Mr. itiiett,] the consolidating influence of war,
and I admit the lurking danger, in all republics,
i of consolidation. I admit, that war is the.enemy
[ of human progress; the friend of ignorance, the
I ally of despotism. I believe that'the wars of Na-
poleon arrested, as only the glare of military glory-
could have arrested, the onward march of liberty
in revolutionized Prance. War is a terrible ^alter-
native. But yet it sometimes happens, that only-
through grievous evil can men attain' great good.
Our Republic was -cradled^ in war. If war, under
any circumstances, be a discredit and a dishonor,
what of a certain Declaration, written by Thom-
as Jefferson, and adopted seventy years ago by a
band of sturdy patriots assembled in the old Phila-
delphia State-house ?
There must be an end, somewhere,to concession
and compromise. Let those who deal in imputa-
tions of discredit and dishonor, tell us plainly
where the end shall be. For myself, I declare,
that I consider the whole course of our adminis-
tration throughout this affair, from first to last, to
reflect credit on America, honor on the age in which
we live. I challenge, out of all history, an exam-
ple of a territorial dispute, in which a nation with
rights so clear, with power so great as ours, ever
made concessions so liberal, demands so mod-
erate.- , _...
So much for the rights in this case." So much in
justification of our course, and in proof of its mod-
eration. One word now in conclusion, in reply to
that plea for delay, urged by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] and others: "We are
not ready to assert our rights; in peace we have
not prepared for war." If the meaning' is, that
we have no standing army and powerful navy to
match England's, then devoutly do I hope that we
never shall be, in peace, prepared for war. When-
ever _we are, we shall be prepared also for despot-
ism. ' We are as much prepared now, as any free
nation in peace ever ought to be; yes, and as we
need be. Cadmus's fabled dragon.teeth have been
sowed, in very deed, throughout our land, and are
ready to spring up, in armed shape, in every for-
est, on every prairie. The chase and the hard-
ships of the frontier have trained, to our hands,
an army of hundred-thousands, not uniformed or
enrolled, indeed, hut with every essential of the
soldier, and armed with that terrifele weapon,
America's own rifle, before which the bayonetted
musket of the regular—witness New Orleans—is
but as the plaything of a child.
England may boast, and boast justly, that if we,
bent on a war of aggression, were to cross the At-
lantic and attack her in her own sea-girt isle, the
attempt would result in disaster and defeat. And
she knows, full as well, that such will be her own
fate, whenever she carries war into our hemi-
sphere. Either nation is impregnable at home.
Neither can succeed against the other, in an un-
just war of conquest, abroad. I speak here, not
of the result of a few months' or a single year's
warfare, but of ultimate consequences.
We have sought peace. We have sacrificed for
peace. Not that war, in such a causc, is a thing
to be feared; but only because, with its horrors
and its barbarizing influences, it is a thing ever
earnestly to be avoided. If, notwithstanding, war
be thrust upon us, with prompt energy let us meet
it. If, in spite of our averting efforts, the blow
must be given, let it be in the spirit of the old
adage, " he gives twice, who gives quickly."
No temporizing policy befits the present crisis,
nor can avail to avert its dangers, if with any it be
rife. Firmness, neither boastful" itself, nor yet
moved by the boasts of others, becomes us as an
independent nation. And in such firmness is to
be found the best promise, at last, of permanent,,
because honorable, peace.
Mr. OWEN having concluded, the Chairman
gave the floor to
Mr. THURMAN, who spoke during the hour.
Before entering upon the consideration of the
mam question, Mr. T. intended to do what might
be deemed a work of supererogation, viz: to uis-
the question brought up by the minority of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for that position
seemed to have been abandoned by almost every-
body, both here and elsewhere. The proposition,
however, came from a respectable .source, and in
an imposing form, and was entitled to considera-
tion. He briefly referred to the facts out of which
the question before the committee arose; the con-
flicting claims of the United States and Great Brit-
am to the territory of Oregon; the negotiations
which had taken place during the course of thirty
