THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1846.
New Series....No. 18.
years on those claims, resulting in two treaties of
joint occupancy, the last of which contained a pro-
vision for its annulment at the option of either
party, by giving one year's notice of its intention
to do it. The question now before the committee
was, Shall the united States give this notice' And
shall it be given by act of Congress ? The minor-
ity of the committee on Foreign Affairs denied the
right of Congress, and asserted that the power to
give this notice, and thereby annul that treaty, be-
longed either to the Executive alonn, or to (lie
treaty-making power, composed of the President
and the Senate. It seemed to him that nothing
could he more clear than that this power was a
power to be exorcised by the Legislature. A trea-
ty* by the Constitution, was declared to be thesu-
premc hue of the land. That the power to annul
a treaty, or a law, was not given in express terms
by the Constitution, would" readily bo admiitcd ;
and that the power of annulling a tutr does not be-
long to the Executive, would seem clear cnou h
tram the fact that the Kxccutivc is the power to
execute, and not the power to make or to annul
a law.
He knew that Gen. Hamilton once claimed that
the President possessed this power; but all who
were iumiliar with the discussion of (hat question,
he believed, were satisfied that that position was a j
wrong one. Ne.ilher was this a power belonging 1
to the Imily-makiiig power, viz: ltic President and
Senate. The question was not whether the. eon-
%enlion (if 18'27 should lie annulled by anew
treaty; in this ease it would be a qneMion for the I
treaty-making jmu er lo decide; but whether it I
should be annulled by giving the notice provided i
for by the treaty itself. Th.it (he giving this mi- j
tiee did not belong to the treaty-niakiiis;- po« er, ;
was clear, from the fact that it wa« neither the !
making a treaty, nor anything incidental to a 1
treaty. A treaty was in the naluie of a contract;
it must be assented to by the parties entering m(o
it. But was the annulment of this convention, by
giving this notice, a treaty? Who were the par-
ties whose consent was necessary to it? Might,
not either party, without the. consent of the other,
give it? Was, then, the giving the notice a treaty ?
Was it an incident to a treaty? So far from it, it
was for the annulment of a treaty; not for the ma-
king any new treaty. This power did not then be-
long to the treaty-making power, and that it did
not belong to the judiciary, it needed no argument
to show. To what department, then, did it be-
long? To the only other department of the Gov-
ernment—the legislative.
Rut not only because there was no other depiu t-
mctit of the Government in which it could vest,
lint because the right to exercise this power was
plainly included in express grants to Congress, did
lhis power belong to Congress.
t Mr. T. referred to the respective clauses of the
Constitution granting to Congress the power to
'• provide for the common defence and general wel-
fare of the United States," " to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the several States,
and with the Indian tribes,''and " to declare war,"
as being each sufficiently broad to includc this
power—the first, in case of its being necessary for
tne " common defence" to rid tin1 territory of the
United States of a foreign jurisdiction and foreign
subjects; the second, inasmuch as the occupation
of our territory by British subjects interfered with
our commercial regulations, and our trade with the
Indians; and the third, inasmuch as, in order to put
this country in a state of preparation for war, it
was necessary to annul this treaty. The error, as
he conceived, into which the minority of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations had fallen, was, m
supposing there was no such thing as a concurrent
jurisdiction between the different departments of
this Government.
But, in defence of the position, that the giving
this notice is within the power of Congress, and
in controversion of the grounds taken by the mi-
nority of die Committee on Foreign Affairs Mr.
T. proceeded to refer to the precedents of the ac-
tion of Congress in the annulment of our treaty
with France, under which it was contended, in
18
some quarters, that the United States were bound
to become the ally of France in her contest with
Great Britain, and that a treaty, too, containing no
provision authorizing the United States to annul it
at pleasure; in the recognition by the Government,
through (he action of Congress, of the independ-
ence of Mexico, Texas, and other independent
Governments, carved out of the territoriesjof other
Powers, which Powers still claimed dominion over
them—thus affecting our treaty relations with the
Powers thus claiming; in the acts of Congress ad-
mitting the products of foreign nations into this
country on terms affecting treaties settling the
terms on which foreign products shall be admitted
into the United States,—these, and others which
he might add, all being cases in which acts of Con-
gress affected treaties made by the United States
with foreign Powers. I [e assumed, then, that there
could really he no doubt of the power of f!ongiess
to annul this convention by giving the required no-
tice, and certainly genHemen who contended that
the President of the United States alone had the
power to annul a solemn treaty—the supreme law
of the land—ought to maintain it by most power-
ful arguments, and not, to leave the matter, as had
been done by the minority of the Committee on
foreign Affairs, onthe ground of a mere declara-
tion.
Mr. T. next proceeded to ^;i\e hi> views on the
proposition <>f amendment of ihe ^entlennn from
Alabama, (Mr Hit r t van,] to uutlinii/e the Presi-
t dent of the United Siat< s to gne the notice, (o ter-
j minafe tins treaty whenever, in Ins discretion, be
j lit!j^ht see iit. 1 lo (Mr. T.) n< ed not say to those
j who knew him that he had (iiute as much confi- i
| dence in the President of the United Slates as any i
: gentleman on this floor. That the President of the
j United States would gi\e this notice, should the
I amendment of the gentleman from Alabama be
adopted, and promptly gi\e it, he did notbehe\e
there could be the slightest, doubt, lie did not
believctlmt any one, who looked at the recom-
mendations of the President, or who knew the man,
could hesitate for an mst;mt 111 coming to tins con-
clusion He went further, and said if there was
no other way of giving this notice to Great Britain
—if the notice could pass this House in no other
mode than that proposed by the gentleman from
Alabama, he (Mr. 1 .) should vote for that propo-
sition; but he should most profoundly regret the
alternative of having either to see the notice de-
feated altogether, or having to sec it adopted in the
form proposed by the gentleman from Alabama.
What was that proposition? Itwasa proposition
to vest in the President of the United States the
power to annul one of the. most solemn lawn of the
land at his own discretion. That was the propo-
sition; and yet gentlemen who had occupied the
attention of the committee day after day in assert-
ing thnt the giving this notice would lead to war,
were here found advocating a proposition which,
it their views of the effect of the notice be correct,
conferred upon the President the. war-making pow-
er. Pie meant nothing offensive to any one; but
he must say that gentlemen of the opposite side,
who weie advocating the amendment, showed
themselves exceedingly apt scholars. But a few
months ago, many of them pofessed to be unac-
quainted as to who Mr. Polk was. Cut so rapid
had been their progress, thnt they had not only
found out who he was, but they had ascertained
that he was entitled to such confidence that thev
proposed to confer upon him what they argued
was the war-making power, lie appealed to the
"VV hig party—whose name implied that they were
the opposers of the Executive power, and the de- '
fenders of the legislative power—whether it was
consistent with their professed principles, instead
of voting- for giving the notice, to confer upon the
President the war-making power of the country.
It seemed to him that there must be a new organi-
zation, or rather a re-organization going on in that
party which should lead them to a course like this.
Mr. T. further contended, inasmuch as the giving
the notice was properly a legislative power, that
Congress ought to exercise it, and that it was un-
becoming its dignity to seek thus to evade the re-
sponsibility of it, and to throw it over upon the
President. But vest this power in the President,
and he must either refuse to give the notice, or he
must give it. Everybody knew he would give it;
and the consequence would then be, if war follow-
ed, that the people would not be found unanimous
in its prosecution, but it would be said by some
that the President had plunged the country into a
war with Great Britain ruthlessly, rashly, and with-
out necessity for it. But let the notice be given by
Congress, and this danger would be avoided in a
great degree.
Mr. T. was, then, in favor of giving this notice
by legislative act/ipositively requiring it to be
given. Why should it not be given? However
they might differ in other respects, there was
scarcely a dissentient voice in this; no one was in
favor of inactivity; all were m favor, as he under-
stood, of taking such measures as would secure us
the whole of Oregon—of raising troops, of erecting
forts, of creating Indian agcncies, extending our
laws over our settlers in Oregon, and encouraging
emigration thither. All were in favor of these
measures; but the difference of opinion was, that
some were in favor of them without the notice,
and others were in favor of them in addition to
the notice. But the notice itself, ail admitted, would
not bo considered offensive to Great Britain; but
the offence would arise from the circumstances in
which it was given. These circumstances were
the measures recommended, and in which all con-
curred: and would these measures be considered
less hostile without the notice ? The effect of ta-
king these measures, without giving the notice,
would be to give Great Britain plausible ground of
complaint against us, on the ground that while we
pretend to the obseivance of treaties, both in the
spirit as well as m the letter, we arc in the sprit,
if not in the letter, violating this treaty, and, in
the faisely-jpphed Ian>_ruai;e of Biitish journals,
" enacting' the drama of Texas over again," i.e.
while we are professing friendship, and the ob-
servance of the treaty, we are peopling the country,
with the intention of taking it when we shall be in
a little better situation to do it. In this view of
the case, Mr. T. contended that the giving of the
notice, in conjunction with these measures, would
be considered far less hostile by Great Britain than
the adoption of the same measures without the
noticc. If war was to result, and he did not be-
lieve it would result for years, it would result not
from giving the notice, but from the measures wc
take for the occupation of Oregon.
Mr. T. passed to one or two affirmative reasons
m favor of the notice. And first, he contended
that it should be given, because the counh'y is ours.
If we refused to give the notice to occupy a country
that rightfully belongs to the United States,itwas
admitting that, with a population of twenty mil-
lions, the American people were unable to defend
American rights.
He was also in favor of this notice, because the
refusal to give it would carry with it the implica-
tion that we would surrender not only a portion of
that territory, but a larger portion than we have
ever offered. This was the implication which would
go abroad to England, to Europe, and to the world,
if the Congress of the United States failed to carry
out the recommendation of the President and give
the notice. Gentlemen talked about negotiation;
but this was idle, unless wc were prepaied to make
a further surrender. They said that Great Britain
would light before she would give up the whole of
Oregon. Pie believed she would, but he equally
believed that she would fight before she accepts
the line of 49°; she was as certain to fight for the
one as for the other. Four times had she refused
this line; and no British minister would, inMr.T.'s
judgment, now dare to offerus the 49th degree. The
American Government would never offer any more
favorable terms than we had offered; and, on the
other hand, the British Government would not ac-
ceptour offer, nor would they offer anything which
we could accept. This was his belief; and there-
fore he thought the United States should go on in
reference to this territory, as though the hope of
settling our differences by negotiation were entirely
