1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
tween the Government of the United States and
Ministers of the United States abroad, on the sub-
ject of Oregon, since the last communication of the
President, so far as, in his judgment, such com-
munication may be made without prejudice to the
public interests.
Mr. BREESE said that as the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr, Sevier,] at whose suggestion the
resolution had been laid over for a few days, was
not now in his seat, he hoped the Senator from
Massachusetts would have no objection to let it
remain on the table for the present*
Mr. WEBSTER stated that there could be no
possible objection to this call for information. He
would be very willing to let it he, but as the Senate
had determined to adjourn to Monday, the Execu-
tive would have that interval, and as much longer
time as his discretion might indicate, to make his
reply. He could not, therefore, discover any suf-
ficient reason for further delay.
Mr, ALLEN suggested that the resolution might
be passed by informally fur the present. It might
be taken up at any time, during the day, whenever
the Senator from Arkansas might be in his seat.
Mr. WEBSTER. There can be no harm in
adopting the resolution now. The President can
answer it when ho pleasca.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The hill for the relief of Charles G. Paige was
read a third time and passed.
The following adverse reports were then taken
up for consideration:
The adverse report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in relation to the petition of David Porter,
in behalf of Evelina Porter, widow of the late
Commodore Porter.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that he withdirw his
opposition to the report, finding that he had been
laboring under a misapprehension on tho subject
when he raised his objection thereto.
The report was then concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Talcott Reid; which
was concurred in.
Also, the. adverse report of the Committee of
Claims, on the petition of Ratdiff; which, on
motion of Mr. MANCrlJM, was passed over in-
formally.
Also, the report of the Committee of Claims, ask-
ing to be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Amos Holton; which was con-
curred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Clara U. Cobb; which
was concurred in.
Also, tlie adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Zadok Huntley; which
was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT stated that the next subject
for the consideration of the Senate was, the joint
resolution submitted by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr, Bagby,] to amend the Constitution of
the Uuiled States; which was read a second time,
and announced as in committee of the whole.
M r. BAG BY suggested that the consideration of
the joint resolution should be postponed until
some, day after the. discussion of the Oregon ques-
tion, that it might not interfere with the other im-
portant matters now before the Senate, and moved
that it be made the special order for the first Mon-
day in March; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the hill
reported by Mr. Fairfield, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and the amendment offered
thereto by Mr. Hakkkgak  providing f<>t the aug-
mentation of the naval force of the United States;
when
Mr. SPEIGHT said, in the discussions which
this body have gone into, and which, by a certain
fatality which seems to have influenced all our
recent debates, has run in one channel, t have
hitherto taken no part. Many reasons have com-
bined to induce in me this silence. In the first
place, the state of my health has been such as to
forbid the exertion. But the main reason by
which I have been actuated is the conviction that
the proper time for a debate of this character has
not come. I have also been restrained, because I
have felt that, in the points involved, I am com-
pelled to differ in opinion from some of my friends
with whom I have been accustomed to act. I had
determined, however, at some fit opportunity, to
state the \iew.s which have presented themselves
to my mind. Were I nuw to consult my own
feelings, a due regard to mv health would deter
me from mingling in the debate; but I feel it due
to them, and to my constituents, that they should
be made acquainted with my reasons for the vote
which I am now about to give on the bill before
the Senate.
Without further remarks on this point, I desire
to call the attention of the Senate to the provisions
of this bill. What does the bill propose? It au-
thorizes, in the first place, the building of ten iron
steam vessels, and it then gives power to the Pres-
ident, in the exercise of his discretion, to put in
commission all our vessels in ordinary, and to
man, arm, and equip them for service. And
what is the amount proposed to be appropriated
for these objects? ou have nearly six millions
specified m this bill. The amendment of my friend,
the Senator from Indiana, adds another two mil-
lions. And this, together with the sum named in
the ordinary estimates for the year, constitutes an
aggregate of fourteen millions. Yes, sir; in a time
of profound peace, when there is not a shadow oi1
vestige of war hanging over us, we are called on
by this bill to vote an appropriation, which will
swell the amount applicable to this single branch
of the service to fourteen millions of dollars. A
glance at our annual expenditures may not be un-
interesting. Tins sum which we are now called
to appropriate for this single arm of public service
is a most double the amount required for the same
branch at any period before the commencement
of the last war. Here, sir, under :\ democratic
Administration, pledged to cany out a system of
the strictest economy, it is proposed to more than
double the amount appropriated to the same ob-
ject at any period before the declaration of Avar.
The list is before me; and 1 need not limit the re-
mark to the period pievious to the declaration of
war. 1 might bnn<; down the comparison to a
much later period oi' our history, when the, whole
of the ordinary expenditures of the Government
were less than the amount now lequired for the
navy alone.
The bill under consideration presents itself to
the consideration of the Senate under two aspects;
and I propose, first, to consider it as a peace meas- :
ore, and, secondly, as a wai measure. At a mo-
ment of profound peace with all the world, and 1 see
no probability of this tranquil condition of things
being interrupted, we arc called upon to make this
most extravagant expenditure—an expenditure
which the people of this country will never tolerate
in a time of peace. The honorable Senator from
Missouri, in his remarks on this subject, a day or
two since, adverted to what was well known as a
matter of history, that, six years ago, a powerful
party in our Government was turned out on the
ground that tho entiro expenditures of the Govern-
ment ought not to have exceeded thirteen millions
of dollars a year. Yes, sir, that Administration, of
which he and I were the friends and advocates, was
turned out because it had thought proper to exceed
tins, in the public opinion, the proper maximum
of our annual expenditure for the support of the
Government. Hut, sir, I will call the attention of
the Senate to a remoter period of our history. 1
will conduct it back to the period when Mr. Jef-
ferson eame into the presidential chair. A princi-
pal charge against the Administration which pic-
ceded him was, the extravagance of its expendi-
tures. This, sir, is matter of record. The admin-
istration of the elder Adams was hurled out of
power; and one reason for this resolution was, the
large expenditures of that Administration jn this
\cry branch of the public service. Mr. Jefferson
came into power anu introduced the gun-boat sys-
tem, which had never found favor with any other
nation on the face of the world, and turned out to
be utterly ineffective. It obtained the pubhe sanc-
tion. Look at the period of the second Adams.
1 was then a young man, and took a part in the
drama for the purpose of overturning that Adminis-
tration, (dieting against it charges of extravagance
in the public expenditures, which, m justice to it,
I admit now to have been, in many respects, with-
out foundation. It wns upon these charges, how-
ever, that Mr. Adams was turned out, and General
Jackson was elected. If, then, economy be a fun-
damental element m democratic doctrine, I will
ask the Senator from Maine—to say nothing of
my friend from Indiana—how he can come, as a
leading member of the democratic body, and pro-
pose, at such a moment as this, such an enormous
expenditure in a single branch of the public ser-
vice? The people will not tolerate so monstrous
a proposition ; they will not sustain an Adminis-
tration by which it is introduced. When I read
this bill, sir, I was shocked that any leading mem-
ber of a democratic Administration should be
found willing to propose such an uncalled for, such
an extravagant addition to the ordinary expendi-
tures for the naval sen ice. And I desire to ask,
why is this?
You have been truly told, sir, by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, that when you build ships
of war you only lay the foundation—-the corner-
stone—of the expenditure which must be built up
upon it. I would like very much to know what the
actual cost of their entire equipment amounts to.
It is perfectly natural that the people should look
into this, as they have to bear the expense.
And now, sir, J desire to say a word as to the man-
ner in which taxes are laid on the people for the sup-
port of this branch as well as the other branches
of the service. There is m this, as well as in every
other country, a tax-payinir and a tax>recei\ ing por-
tion of the people. Yes, sir, there is; and in turn-
ing over the history of the world, I do not find any
country where there exists such an oppressive and
unequal system of taxation as this republican Gov-
ernment of ours imposes upon its subjects. It is
natural, therefore, that they who have to bear the
burden of this taxation should require a strict ac-
count of the manner in which it is expended. I
trust, sir, they will be prompt in opposing everv
extravagant expenditure. If we are to go on with
this vast and uncalled for augmentation of the na-
vy, and with budding up a splendid system of na-
tional defence, this heavy and oppressive taxation
must be kept up; and for the purpose of checking
its further increase, the people must exercise an
e\erlastmg and eternal vigilance over the acts of
the Government, becausc it is from their pockets
and out of their just earnings that the money must
come. Were it proper to go into the subject at
this tunc, I might go a step further, and show how
a large portion of this money is expended. We
nre surrounded in this city, sir, by gentlemen who
are full of magnificent designs for splendid de-
fences, for large standing armies, and an imposing
navy. Unlike my constituents, sir, they never
feel the burden of the taxation which such a sys-
tem calls for.
To proceed, sir, as I feel that I must use all
brevity. Is this a peace measure? Is this increase
of our navy necessary for the protection of our
commerce? If it be a peace measure, there can
exist no necessity for urging any augmentation be-
yond what is required for the defence of our com-
merce against the pirates who roam over the
ocean. The Senator from Missouri has told us
that even in the Mediterranean, that den of thieves
and pirates, our commerce now is as safe as in the
Chesapeake bay. At this time, piracy has almost
ceased to exist on the high seas. But let me ask
of the Senator from Maine, if it is his purpose to
send these iron steamers into the Mediterranean,
and into every other sea where our ships make
tracks, for the purpose of protecting our commerce ?
They are totally inadequate to any such service;
all that they can be usefully employed in is harbor
and coast defence. Again: If we are to be involv-
ed in war—which may God in his infinite mercy
prevent—there is not a man possessing the slight-
est knowledge of maritime affairs, who will ven-
ture to say that vessels of this character are capa-
citated for carrying on war on the ocean. They
arc only fit to be employed on the coast. They
only carry fuel for a month's consumption. Send
them out to sea, and they become entirely worth-
less.
If I can show my friend from*Maine that there
is no probability of war—that there is not a symp-
tom visible of any interruption of our tranquil re-
lations with the world—I hope he will give up the
argument, or, to use a familiar phrase, " acknowl-
edge the corn," and abandon the bill. I do not
propose to enter into the merits of the Oregon
question at any length: that I will leave for some
future occasion. I shall only refer to it now as
one of the causes of war relied on as proving the
necessity for this augmentation of the navy. Mex-
ico has also been referred to, and the position in
which we stand towards that country has been
quoted as another of these causes. These, I be-
lieve, are the only causes of war in the apprehen-
sion of the Senator from Maine. I propose to take
them up separately, aud briefly to pass over them.
