276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
In the first place I will glance at Mcxico. Our
difficulty with that country has grown out of the
annexation of Texas. It is said that war is likely
to grow out of our acquisition of Texas. Now, I
have examined this matter as carefully as I can,
and I must confess that I do not see any reasona-
ble ground for this apprehension. I do not, so far
as I am able to come to a just conclusion, regard
the reccnt revolution in Mcxico as having "any
bearing on the question. Revolutions in that coun-
try occur about every three or six months; and,
perhaps, the very next arrival may bring- us infor-
mation that the new President has been unseated,
and Santa Anna, or some oilier military tyrant, put
in his place. But 1 do not see how this is to afl'eot
the Texas question. Texas was a free and inde-
pendent State ; her independence had been ac-
knowledged-, she was at perfect liberty to dispose
of herself as she thought fit. If I could see any
possibility of a wararising from this cause, I would
vote for preparation, and would meet the difficulty
as it ought to be met. But, torn, lacerated, bleed-
ing, as Mexico is from her own fierce intermit dis-
tractions, it is not likely that she will be guilty of
the folly of rushing into a war against us, because
we have done an act which all the civilized world
applauds us for doing.
I will now look at the other question. It is said
that we are on the eve of a war with Great Britain
as to the Oregon territory. Now, I will ask gentle-
men if there is anything in the news just received
from England to show that she has the slightest
desire or intention to go to war with us' On (he
other hand, I will ask every Senator to lay his
hand on his heart, and, in candor, to say, if the
whole import and tone of the news to which I hut e
referred does not indicate any other rather than a
hostile feeling? Look at the abortive attempt of
Lord John Russell to form a ministry. Lord Grey
took a stand on tins very point, resolutely refusing
to serve with Lord Palmerston as Foreign Secieu-
}'y, because Lord Palmerston entertained opinions
respecting this country which might have a tenden-
cy to produce a collision. Are we so blinded by
our prejudices, that we are incapable of discerning
the true bearing of events? I was rejoiced, sir,
when I saw the moderate tone of tfie British press;
and I confess that 1 am unable to discern any dan-
ger of war with England, unless we ourselves in-
vite that ultimate ancl terrible resort by our aggt ri-
valing tone and the intempeiauce of our measures.
I have no disposition to crouch to the British lion.
At all times I shall be found ready to join in the
defence of our rights; and whenever a declaration
of war shall be unavoidable, I will vote for the lar-
gest appropriations which the crisis may demand.
Among those who may take the sword in hand, I
will be among the foremost against any aggression.
But I am a peace man, and I will be the advocate
of peace so long as it can be honorably preserved.
It is the unhappy class of tax-payers who will
have to suffer in the event of war; and for then-
interests will I stand up, as they have rallied for
me at the ballot-box.
It is said we are to have war for the vindication
of our rights in the territory of Oregon. What are
these rights? Where is Oregon' I do not address
this language to you, sir, but through you to my
constituents. It is a strip of land, lying in a wild
region of country, 3,000 miles distant, occupied by j
hunters, and unproductive, except of skins and ;
furs. In 1818, when the convention was framed I
under which Great Britain and the United Stales '
hold joint occupancy of this territory, the states- ,
men of both countries well knew that a doubt hung ,
over the rights of either party to entire sovereignty,
and therefore it was proposed that there should be
a joint occupation, for ten years; at the expiration i
of which time the convention was renewed for mi
unlimited period, terminable by either paity at any :
time, on giving twelve months' notice to the other 1
party. Now if, as some have contended, Spain has '
rights in this territory which ought to be respect- J
ed—rights which we should not have violated— j
why was the offer made to Great Britain to take j
the 49th degree of latitude as the dividing line ? By j
making this proposition, sir, you admitted that ;
Great Britain has-rights in the territory. Noonecan '
contend that our right to the whole of Oregon rests ;
on an indisputable basis. No statesman ever as- j
serted such an exclusive claim until about the year ;
1835. I have before me a speech delivered by the |
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] j
on a bill for the occupation of the mouth of the i
Columbia river, the purport of which is, that the
honorable Senator was willing to extend our juris-
diction precisely to the same extent as Great Brit-
ain had extended hers; but no further. The Sena-
tor is now in his seat, and can say if I have put a
correct construction on his language.
Mr. BENTON. Bight, sir; no further.
Mr. SPEIGHT. It has been asserted here that
Great Britain lays claim to the whole of the terri-
tory of Oregon. Does she claim the entire sover-
eignty? No: she claims only the right of occu-
pancy. [Here Mr. Speight disclaimed any inten-
tion to go into 9n examination of the law of nations;
but was understood to say it would not be very
difficult to prove that Great Britain had strong
claims, and that Spain had, by the treaty of
Nootka Sound, conveyed the sovereignty of the
sot] to Great Britain, lie then criticized the letter
of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Pakenham, m which he
announced the withdrawal of the offer of the 49th
parallel; intimating that the argument which ac-
companied this announcement might have been
more usefully addressed to the British minister be-
fore the withdrawal was made. It might then have
had an effect; but that, introduced as it was, it
was merely water spilled on the ground and labor
thrown away.]
I said, sir, at the outset of my remarks, that this
bill must be viewed either as a peace measure, or
as a war measure. If it be intended as a war
measure, this bill is but as a drop in the bucket.
We are to understand that we are to have a war
with Great Britain, one of the greatest powers in
the world; and, on tiie other hand, that our prepa-
ration for such a war consists in the building of
ten steam-fiigates. Sir, if you can satisfy me that
such a war is unavoidable, I will say, bring m a
bill for the construction of iifty ships; but until I
can be so satisfied, by no vote of mine shall any
such tax as this bill proposes be imposed on my
constituents. 1 go against encouraging the idea
that wo arc to have a war with Great Britain. I
can never believe that the sound sense of the peo-
ple on both sides of the Atlantic—on this, a lit
question for amicable adjustment—will ever permit
two of the most powerful and enlightened nations
on the face of the earth to engage in a ruinous, de-
structive war—deluging the earth and ocean with
blood—for the possession of a barren tract of terri-
tory, the value of which I will not here attempt to
lllusuate. Who, ill such a result, sir, who will
be the sufferers? The tax-payers of the country—
my constituents: the laborers, the mechanics, the
manufacturers, the merchants, the workers of cot-
ton bags, and the builders of ships. The interests
of all these classes are to be sacrificed for five or
ten years; and, after all, you will have to come
back to just where you are at the outset, and to
settle the dispute by the peaceful process of nego-
tiation. The war, sir, will not have to be fought
in Oregon. No, sir, the conflict will be along our
Atlantic coast, spreading ruin and destruction along
its whole extent. Nor can we be at war with each
other without involving other interests in the con-
troversy; and who among us is wise enough to see
the whole train of consequences which may follow?
Is this, then, a subject to be lightly talked of by
political gossips in Washington—mere speculators
calculating their gains out of the public distresses,
or demagogues ready to seek their personal ag-
grandizement by pandering to the worst passions
of our nature? I hope, sir, that grave statesmen
will take a different view of the subject, and act
with the prudence and dignity which become their
stations. I say, if war must come, let it come; but
for God Almighty's sake let us prevent it if pos-
sible.
I would say more, sir, if I were able; but the con-
dition of my health will not permit. Thus much I
have thought it my duty to say, to explain the mo-
tives which will induce me to oppose this bill. I
have, I hope, treated with proper respect the opin-
ions of honorable Senators who differ from me in
opinion; and I say in advance that if our rights
in the territory of Oregon shall be treated contu-
meliously, 1 will go with them m the adoption of
all measures which may be necessary for the de-
fence of those rights. I look on the question
not as a sectional one, but a national one. I was
sorry when a friend near me said something in
derogation of the South—speaking of the perfidy
of the South. Sir, the South requires no defence
from me, and I am inclined to believe that the lan-
guage to which I refer was uttered in the heat of
debate, and was not the dictate of his judgment*
I am a friend of Oregon, and I hope that for any
opposition to this bill, and for the reasons which
I have given for it, I shall not be read/ out of
church by my political friends withoat a hearing.
It is my desire to adopt a course of Measures
which will gradually and surely give its' posses-
sion of the- whole of the territory. The course of
those who would precipitate us into a war would
deprive us of a portion of it at least—perhaps of
the whole-
Texas never can rightfully transfer her alle-
giance to Santa Anna; and on that ground 1 en-
tertain no fears of a war with Mexico. And here
is Oregon, a strip of country 3,000 miles distant,
in which Great Britain has rights which have been
already acknowledged by us. Why are we to rush
into a war to settle a dispute concerning that? If
Great Britain had never had any rights acknow-
ledged fhere, I would be willing to draw the
sword to repel any encroachment. But under
existing circumstances, if we can acquire what be-
longs to us by peaceful means, it will suit >ny
peaceful disposition better. I go for the acquisi-
tion of Oregon, but I go for it by peaceful means.
Mr. WESTCOTT having expressed his inten-
tion to give his views on the bill, the general fea-
tures of which met his approbation, although he
thought there was something objectionable in the
precise shape in which it had been presented, at the
suggestion of several Senators, moved that the
Senate now adjourn.
Mr. DICKl'NSON asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, when the motion was decided
in the affirmative. Yeas, 27; nays, 11.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES^
Thursday, January 29, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. MORSE introduced to the House Mr. Li
Sere, member elect from the State of Louisiana,
who was qualified, and took his seat.
THE OREGON DEBATE;
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered the following
resolution, on which, he said, he asked for the yeas
and nays :
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, on joint
resolution of notice to Great Britain to annul and
abrogate the convention between Great Britain and
the united States, of August 6, 1827, relative to
the country on the'northwest coast of America,
westward of the Stony mountains, commonly call-
ed Oregon, shall cease at 2 o'clock, on Saturday
the 7th day of February next, (if the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the
same,) and the committee shall then proceed to
vote on such amendments as may be pending or
offered to the same, and shall then report it to the
House with such amendments as may have been
agreed to by the committee.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON asked the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered, and, (after the reso-
lution had been again read on the suggestion of
Mr. Hoge,) being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Barringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Bell,
James A. Black, William G. Brown, Buifington,
Chipman, Clarke, Collamer, Crozicr, Culver, Cun-
ningham, Delano, De Mott, Dobbin, John H.
Ewing, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Graham, Grinnell,
Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, Hoge, E. B.
Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, Gr.
S.Houston, S. D.Hubbard, Hudson,Hungerferd,
Washington Hunt, J. R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Sea-
born Jones, Daniel P. King, Thomas B. -King,
Leib, Lewis, Ligon, Long-, McGaughey,McHen-
ry, Marsh, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin, Mil-
ler, Moselcy, Payne, Pendleton, PcrnlL Perry,
Phelps, Rathbun, Reid, Roberts, J. Rockwell, J.
A. Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, Scfeaick, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robt. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Strong, Thibo-
deaux, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredwaj, Trumbo,
Vance, White, Wick, Woodruff, Yancey, and
Yell—90. ' •" .
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Biggs, Bowlin, Boyd,
