1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
Brinkerhoff, Burt, Cathcart, Cocke, Cullom, Dan-
iel, Dillingham, Dunlap, Erdman, Goodyear,
Grover, Haralson, Henley, James B. Hunt, C. J.
Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Lawrence, La Sere,
Levin, Lumpkin, McClean, McClelknd^MeGon-
nell, McDowell, McKay, Moulton, Korns,Owen,
Pollock, Price, Relfe, Ritter, Sawyer, A. D. Sims,
L. H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkwea-
ther, Stephens, St. John, Thurman, Towns,
Wentworth, Williams, and Young—50.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. COCKE, on leave, gave notice that to-mor-
row, or on some subsequent day, he would intro-
duce a bill to pay Captain John B. Crozier's com-
pany of mounted volunteers of Tennessee militia.
The SPEAKER said that the business first in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
OREGON.
But, on motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Mr. Tibbatts in the
chair, and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution providing for the twelve months' notice
of the termination of the convention of 1827 be-
tween the United States and Great Britain respect-
ing the Oregon territory.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, who had
the floor from Wednesday, first addicssed the com-
mittee in opposition to the resolution of notice, on
the probable consequences of which, as lending
to a desolating and destructive war, lie dwelt with
fervid eloquence, contrasting especially the naval
power mul preparation of Great Britain with our
own defenceless condition.
[His speech is in course of preparation by
the reporter, and will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. E. TI. EWING obtained the floor, and en-
tered upon a couisc of nigiiinenl in opposition to
giving the notice to Great Britain, \v!u< h be was
unable to carry out wit Inn the short ami " nob-
less" hour allotted to luin. As the speech is m
course of preparation in a more complete form, ii
general outline only of the points to which his
argument whs directed is licie nttcinpteil to be
fU'ycn.
'f'hi' proposition before the committee was to
give the notice to Ureat ihit.iin to put an end to
convention for the joint occupation of Oregon. lie
quoted from the winds of the convention to sustain
him in the view he took—the, high authorities to
the contrary, notwithstanding—that it was a " con-
vention of joint occupation," What effect,, then,
upon the relations between the two Governments,
would the net upon our part for the termination of
the joint convention produce? To reply to this wo
would be better enabled by distinctly understand-
ing what our relations now are; mul the source of
information on this point was the President's Mes-
sage, and the representations of his friends who
spoke for him. If, then, the President had cor-
rectly given this information—njid partly from
what Mr. H. knew of the man, and partly liom
his preferring to assume nothing dishonest or dis-
honorable until it was dourly shown, he was dis-
posed to believe it was so given—the true state of
our relations was eminently threatening ami dan-
gerous. In the face, then, of all the sneers which
were thrown upon the war-cry—and he threw them
all back again—be gave it as his deliberate opin-
ion, that, under the existing circumstances, the
giving tin's notice in the form proposed by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
would inevitably result in war—sheer, dire, un-
mitigated war. He drew a vivid picture of war
viewed m the light of its glittering pageants, and j
also m its deeper shades of carnage, desolation, '
mid death. A war between these two nations i
would be a war of giants, who would light with ,
arms of iron and nerves of steel. ;
The legitimate effect of this notice, under the !
circumstances, then, would be war,—not that it j
would lie a just cause of war on the part of Great, |
Britain, but war would be its effect. He referred 1
to the fact of the present claim of Great Britain to i
the territory. However far it might extend— ;
whether to the eminent domain, the fee simple, the j
joint occupation, or the right of trading and fish- '
ing—he apprehended that Great Britain was in
earnest in putting it forward, and that she would
insist upon that claim. It was supported by her
interests; it was put forth by her eminent states-
men of all political parties; it was asserted by her
philosophers and by her " fourth estate;" by her
great leading journals, the Edinburgh, the West-
minster, ana all the quarterly reviews, which, ex-
erted so immense an influence in that country;
and it had been insisted upon by all her diplomat-
ists from the year 1790 to the present time. And
yet gentlemen seemed to expect that England
woiild quietly, soberly, demurely, with the meek
spirit of a Christian, yield up her claim, and see
herself despoiled of what she professed to consider
her just rights! The English nation had pas-
sions as well as ourselves, and they were as likely
to yield to those passions. And as to their in-
terests, which it had been urged would deter her
from entering into a war, our interests would be
as much affected by a war; and it would not do to
rely upon her interests as an assurance that she
would not be brought into a war in defence of her
alleged rights. If no negotiations had taken place;
! if no threats of war had been uttered both in this
hall and elsewhere; if no excitement had been
raised; and if things stood in the same state, as
they were in 1818, when this convention was en-
tered into, then he admitted the giving the notice
would not be taken as a cause of war, but as the
mere putting an end to a friendly agreement, af-
fording no just complaint. Gentlemen talked of
this notice, as if they considered it m this light
now; but under the cmumsfances existing—after
the Picsident had declared that we could make no
proposition more favorable than that which had
been made and had been refused so often by Great
Britain, and thntGreat Britain would make no offer
which we could accept—,>fier we, had confessedly
exhausted every means of friendly settlement, the
giving this notice u mild be taken as an it Hi out—es-
j pecially as all nnc-t agree that, once given, it must
j be followed up by tin protection of our citi/.cns, by
I nuevicnsion ofnui lawsowi that teiiitory,and by
all those mraaires mitss.u-y to the assertion alul
I vindication uf our rights. Among these, Mr. E.
j referred particularly to the extension of our laws,
j which must necessarily follow , both m respect of
j person and properly, o\ er all persons w itlim that
! teriitory; anil in case of' the commission of nmr-
ilei !,y a sub|i'i't of (<rent Ihitnm, lus plea of juris-
dirti'iii, not being eonsuleied valid by our courts,
his coin ichon and execution would be taken (o be
a ca\us belli by that power, which never failed to
maintain the rights and privileges of her subjects,
wdierovcr. and however remotely, they may have
extended themselves.
With reference to this convention, recurring to
his position, that it was a convention of joint occu-
pation, Mr. E. contended that, by virtue, of it, and
by virtue of the negotiations winch had been en-
tered into upon the subject, from time to time, wc
had acknowledged that'Great Britain had rights in
tlus*territory; and he urged that the giving this
notice, and following it up by the necessary meas-
ures, in order to take exclusive occupation of the
territory, would be a neglect and a violation of
those rights.
But,said the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, | Mr. Doimi.\ss.] wc shall then be in pos-
session, and can enter into negotiation with Great
Britain upon the title. And yet the same gentle-
man claimed that our right was perfect, not only
to r>4° 40', but 1 icyond that line, lie knew not how
far, and that, undei no circumstances he would
yield that right. What room or what ground,
then, he asked the gentleman, would there be for
negotiation?
He referred to the declaration made by the chair-
man of the Committee on foreign Allans, [Mr. C.
J. fuGWisoM.,] and by the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ai>ams,J that no war
would follow this notice. lie certainly placed
great confidence in the declarations of these gen-
tlemen; but when they told lnm that thciewas
nothing behind the curtain—that the President had
given them a full exposure of the state of our rela-
tions—he must be allowed to form his own judg-
ment. and, in his humble opinion, war would be
the result of this notice. At any rate, he should
like to take out a pence warrant against Great Bri-
tain, and he should be glad to find" any power high
enough, and strong enough, to hold her to bail
to keep the peace. Pie said to these gentlemen,
do not expose us to ridicule in contending that
the result will be war, if you have the. means to
show that this will not be the case. He should
like to know whether either of these gentlemen
had a bridle, in the mouth of Great Britain, or a
hook in the nose of this leviathan? If so, he
would like to see how they would handle this
monster power among the nations of the earth.
He passed next to a consideration of the inquiry,
whether the giving this notice would be a ground
for war upon the part of Great Britain. He knew
that our title to this territory had been held by the
great majority of gentlemen who had spoken, to
be so " clear and unquestionable," that it was un-
patriotic and dishonorable for an American citizen
to stand on this floor and presume to question it.
But lie was for the strict naked truth, however it
might affect us. Honor and patriotism ought
always to consist with truth, and truth was the
foundation on which the prosperity of all Govern-
ments in the long run was based. Then he (lid not
hesitate to examine our title, fie did not say it
was not a better title than that of Great Britain,
and he gave the reasons which impelled him to dis-
sent from the position of a gentleman who had
preceded him, and who had contended that it was
absurd to speak of the title of one nation being
good, and that of another nation to the same ter-
ritory being better; but he proceeded to inquire
whether it was such a clear and unquestionable
title to the entire territory as to justify us in going
to war for its defence. He proposed to read a few
words from a treatise on the law of nations; and it
astonished him that the Secretary of State, the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, should
have talked here of the law of nations, when theic
was neither book nor page from any respectable
authority on the law of nations to sustain the po-
sitions so glibly and flippantly taken by those who
contended that the title of the United States was
clear and unquestionable. Tie did not pretend to
compare his knowledge with that of so high au-
thoiiihs, but on Ium responsibility as a lawyer
and a m;in of some reading, be made this declara-
tion. This was the "whole matter; if we had an
unquestionable title, of course, if Great Britain
weie to place a soldier, a gun, or a fort upon our
j soil, It was casus billi. But he affirmed that our
, title to the entire territory was not " clear and tin-
| questionable." He was as much disposed to defer
| to the extensive knowledge and to the superior
abilities of our Sccictaiies—of Mi. Bui hanan and
: Mr. Calhoun—as any gentleman: but he bad seen
! no authorities quoted; and he said there were five
I or six doubtful points of the law of nations which
j were assumed, and assumed alone, ill settling our
j clear and unquestionable right to this territory,
i Mr. E. first read from the law of nations upon
the impropriety of going to war upon a question
which is doubtful; and his hour having nearly ex-
pired, he concluded by reading—with but a word
of comment on them lespee.tivcly—certain other
"doubtful points, (which he had reduced to writing,)
which ho had referred to as having been assumed
to be clearly established by the law of nations, and
to which he invited the attention of gentlemen who
were to follow him.
Mr. BAlvKR obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee for about one, hour in support of the,
proposition before it, and remarked upon the fre-
quent and positive assertions which this Govern-
ment hail made bcfoie the world of the validity of
its title to the whole of Oregon. The gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hoi,mi:s] who bad
just taken bis seat, had expressed great apprehen-
sion that the measure proposed would disturb the
peace of the world. Why did not the gentleman
advert to that result before the late election, when
the Oregon question was coupled with the Texas
question ? Nothing was said then of the proba-
| bility of a war. lie did not wish to speak of the
I Baltimore convention any further than to say, that,
j by viituc of its proceedings and resolutions, their
i nominee was now in power; and he now called
upon all who had shared in the success of that
j nomination, to stand up to the principles upon
: winch it was made. And he would here add, that
j it did not become any man who had participated
1 and coincided in the results of that convention,
j now to sneer at western enthusiasm on the Oregon
question, or to talk of the horrors of a war which
might grow out of it. But he denied that the ques-
tion belonged to the West exclusively. It was an
American question.
Not a single argument had been used here that
would have the effect to weaken our title to the
whole of Oregon. We had asserted and reasserted
