278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. m,
that title through every President and every Secre-
tary of State, and every foreign minister, of all
partips, who had been at all eoncerncd in it. "Why,
then, should that dark spirit of war, which the
gentleman from South Carolina sees lowering over
us, drive us from our propriety, and from resolu-
tions so deliberately formed? The question now
was, Whether we should proceed to establish our
title, or wholly abandon it?
The gentleman from South Carolina, who Jiad
just addressed us, [Mr. Holmes,] had commenced
his discourse with a beautiful and eloquent descrip-
tion of the horrors of a war. He had spoken of a
dark spirit which was hovering over the land; but
on n late occasion he could see nothing in the
clouds; there was no spirit hovering there when
Texas was annexed. Yet the gentleman has spo-
3ten of it as a dark spirit. Some gentlemen from
the East had seen the same when the Texas reso-
lution was passed; but they could not then con-
vince gentlemen from the South that the proceed-
ing involved any danger of war. I do not mean
to insinuate (said Mr. B.) that because Mexico
was a weak and feeble power, the apprehensions
of war were then scouted; nor that bccause Eng-
land is a strong power, the prospect of a war had
now become so horrible: but when we violated the
territory of the Republic of Mexico, 110 hazards
were regarded, no obligations considered, bccausc
slavery was concerned; no danger of a war could
be seen by gentlemen who wished to promote those
interests.
But I deny (said Mr. B.) that the argument of
war is at all applicable to the question at issue.
He concurred with some gentlemen who had pre-
ceded him in the debate, that the right to give the
notice was secured by a treaty stipulation, and
that its exercise could not be a cause of war. Did
any one ever before say that a proceeding accord-
ing to the terms of an express treaty provision,
could be the cause of war ?
Docs any one believe that because we give this
noticc our seaport towns are to be burned and our
commerce destroyed by Great Britain ? Allusions
liad been made to the conduct of Great Britain in
regard to Denmark, in the sudden attack upon and
destruction of her fleet. But that case was not at
all parallel with this. Wo, sir; the notice is pro-
posed to be given in compliance with the treaty
stipulation, and it would leave us exactly where
we were before the treaty was made-
Mr. B. pointed to various circumstances which
induced the necessity of a settlement of this ques-
tion; whether some new compromise should be
proposed and agreed upon, or whether wc pro-
ceeded to take absolute possession of the territory.
He believed, with the honorable and venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that
the notice would not lend to war.
He had been surprised of late to find that, many
gentlemen thought that whatever Great Britain
might do, we were not to fight for the maintenance
of our rights. Some of those who not long ago
were clamorous for the whole of Oregon or none,
were now disposed to sue for peace upon almost
any terms. But he hoped that many would still
stand up to the mark, and that our title to the whole
of Oregon would be maintained at any cost, and at
every hazard.
It was a remark, beautiful and philosophical in
its spirit, made by a gentleman from South Caroli-
na, that so far as 'honor was concerned, it could not
be mixed up with a question of interest. In one
sense the gentleman might be right, but xn another
he was wrong. Mr. B. referred to the principle
laid down by General Jackson, that this country,
in regard to its foreign relations, should adopt the
principle of demanding nothing which is not right,
and of submitting to nothing which is wrong. And
that, in Mr. B. 'sopinion, was the true rule of hon-
or; and it was in that sense that national honor
was concerned in this question.
Mr, B. spoke of the apprehended results of a
war, the destruction of property on the seaboard,
the annihilation of our commerce, and a prostra'ion
of the cotton interest, as the spirit which had been
conjured up in opposition to this notice. He ad-
mitted that these interests were very great, but he
did not see that therefore we should surrender
Oregon, or decline to fight for its defence. He
would say that no nation desired to be possessed
of such valuable interests, unless she was able and
willing to defend them. He knew very well that
the property hazarded in Charleston alone was
worth more than everything in Oregon, or that
would be there in a hundred years. At least he
was willing to admit that, and still he would con-
tend that all the hazards and dangers of war ought
to be encountered in defence of our rights to that
territory. Perhaps there was never a case of war
between nations in which the costs of the war did
not exceed in amount the value of any pecuniary
interest immediately involved in it. what had
made England great ? She had spent vast sums in
war, but war had given her confidence at home,
and influence abroad. If her prosperity had been
promoted by the arts of peace, it had been secured
by the art of war. She could trace her title to her
possessions, and to her power, to her victories by
sea and land during the whole period of her his-
tory. The glorious pleasures, profits, and honors
of peace had been much dwelt upon in this discus-
sion—so much that he feared that its effects may
have been almost enervating upon us. A nation,
he thought, had passed its best day when it ceased
to rely upon the sword to defend and secure the
blessings which it enjoyed; and any nation that,
from fear of its adversary, conceded its just rights,
was doomed to speedy downfall. It was in the
destiny of nations to decline from that hour in
which they timidly abandoned the defence of their
rights.
In our case we had at all times claimed flip sov-
ereignty over the soil of Oregon; and how, without
the deepest disgrace and dishonor, could we sur-
render it—especially after it has been announced
to us, upon the best authority, that our title to it
was clear and unquestionable? He could not see
how our title should be deliberately asserted to
be good to the whole territory, and yet be sub-
ject to a compromise or an abandonment. He
would ask whether it would become a young,
vigorous, wealthy, and powerful republic like
this, to give up to Great Britain, or to any na-
tion—but least of all to Great Britain—a territory
to which we claimed a clear and unquestionable
title? You need not tell me of the horrors of war,
or of the power of Great Britain, nor of her one
hundred and thirty steam vessels, nor of her for-
midable preparations by sea and by land. We
were told the same thing during the last war. He
remembered that when the question arose, during
the last war, upon some bill for the defence of the
country, it was said that Great Britain was a very
powerful nation; it was very dangerous to go to
war with her; and that it .was very idle to fight
about a few worn-out, dissipated sailors, who
cared nothing for themselves. What was the an-
swer to it? It was given by the most eloquent
man who ever appeared on this floor; and he
should never forget the impression which his elo-
quent reply had made upon his mind. [Mr. B.
here recited a passage from Mr. Clay's reply to
Mr. duincy.] Mr. B. wished that he were'pos-
sessed of such powers of eloquence, that he could
awaken the whole people of the country to a sense
of their true honor and interests as involved in this
question.
Mr. B. was surprised to hear the gentleman from
Virginia speaking m a sneering manner of the en-
thusiastic spirit which the West had displayed on
this subject, especially when it had been the policy
of this Government, from its earliest origin, to pro-
mote new settlements in the West, and in all our
vacant lands. It had been its policy to extend, as
far as possible, American power, and the area of
freedom and civilization accompanying it. It was
in this manner that Wisconsin, "Illinois, all the
western States and Territories, and even Oregon,
had been peopled by enthusiastic men—men who
encountered the privations of the forest and the
wilderness, to lay the foundations of civilization
and liberty, which were our boast and our power.
But now, you say these men went out on their
own hook. The men who have gone to Oregon,
you say, had no naht to g-o there, and they must
take care of themselves, and not rely upon us for
their defence, which might involve us in a war
with the most powerful nation on the earth. But
we must say to them, that although Oregon is ours,
we have not the courage to defend it; that we
would like very well that they would go there, and
take good wagons, and axes, and rifles with them,
and make settlements, and revolutionize the coun-
try, and then we would come in and claim all the
glory and all the advantages of their enterprise.
There were men in his district of 70 years of age
who had emigrated to Oregon, and also boys of 18.
He could not say to them that they must do .the
best they could; for, as to fighting for them, there
was a dark spirit in the air which forbade it. Mr.
B. here remarked upon the fact, that, for some
years past, it had been generally conceded in Con-
gress that Oregon was rightfully ours; and a prop-
osition to exercise sovereignty over it. failed, at die
last session, by only "two votes in the Senate.
Was not this an inducement to the people of the
United States to go to Oregon ? Should they not
rely upon the declarations of Mr. Polk in his late
message ? . Should they not r€ly upon the Ameri-
can name, and the principle of American progress?
The faith and. honor of the country were pledged
for their defence and protection. He (Mr. B.) at
least was willing to stand by them, and especially
when he considered that the measure now proposed
was not aggressive upon Great Britain, and did
not necessarily tend to provoke a war. He re-
garded it as a peaceful measure; and the only ar-
gument against it was, that Great Britain, inTier
caprice and her power, would take exception to it,
and that we must give up Oregon, or Great Britain
would burn our seabord towns. To state this ar-
gument was to answer it.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Yancev]
had pointed to some local objections to a war with
Great Britain. That gentleman had s&id that if we
went into this war, the result of it would be that
Great Britain would take Oregon, and that we
would therefore take Canada, and that the North
and East would be aggrandized at the expense of
the West. This was the first time that he (Mr. B.)
had learned that the outbreaks of freedom were only
to be encouraged at the South and at the West,
whilst all that was north of the present boundary of
the United States ought to be kept under monarch-
ical subjection. The West, as he believed, would
repudiate such a sentiment. Sir, (said Mr. K.) I am
from the Far West, and I confess that I did not
desire the annexation of Texas to the Union; for
I was willing to abide by all the compromises of
the Constitution. But the act has been done; the
deed is accomplished* and we are now pressedfor-
ward to the acquisition of California, and even of
Mexico itself. If any one thought that the acquisi-
tion of Canada was to be an injury to the West
and an advantage to the North, it was not to be said
in this House. ' • -
I believe (said Mr. B.) that the notice will not
lead to a war, and I th ink that the question will be
settled in some way,"and in an amicable manner.
If the 49th parallel should be offered to Mr. Polk
as a compromise by Great Britain, he would accept '
it; and even if Great Britain offered it with some
modifications more favorable to her, he still be-
lieved that it would be accepted. He had seen
more than one of those who now rejected the de-
crees which were ratified by the Baltimore Conven-
tion with their own assent, who now thought that
the 49th parallel was a very reasonable point of
compromise. It had seemed to be forgotten that
the party which elected Mr. Polk had so recently
declared that our title was good up to the line of
54° 40'.
He would ask whether, if Great Britain would
not give up the territory now, when would she
give it up ? Would any one answer him this ques-
tion? If she intended to give it up at all, at any
time, would she not give it up after this notice?
If she would not surrender it now, it was evident
that she never would do so, and that she would
never permit us to enjoy the advantages of any of
its bays or harbors, or of any of its facilities for
navigation and commerce. Entangled, as Great
Britain was, in her European concerns, she would
not deem Oregon worth the struggle of a war.
Her fears for the safety of her American posses-
sions, and for the prestige of her glory, would, as
he thought, render her willing to surrender Oregon
now; and more especially to a nation whose popu-
lation was spreading into it, and had long asserted
its right to the territory which it neither could nor
would abandon. But if we must fight for Oregon,
why not do it now ns well as at any future time ?
Some said we were not prepared for a conflict with
such a power. It was true that we had not ex-
pended our money in ships, but our ittoney still
remained m the hands of the people, ready to be
brought out at any time when it might,be needed
for the public defence. He did not suppose that
we would be called upon to do anything more
than to strengthen our fortifications, until the crisis
actually arose. When war did arise, it would de-
