282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
entirely unanimous until it became necessary to
strike a single blow.
He characterized the position of Mr. Yancey,
that Great Britain onlywanted this territory for
purposes of the fur trade, and with no view of
making permanent settlements there, as the most
extraordinary position that had been taken in this
most extraordinary debate. It seemed to be found-
ed upon the assumption to the same effect which
had been put forth by a Senator from Massachu-
setts in the Senate chamber. He lookpd on that
proposition as nothing; more nor less tTian a propo-
sition to surrender the territory north of the Colum-
bia river, continue the treaty ten years longer, and
he looked on the result as inevitable; we should
not get the 494°, and much less the 52° of the
gentleman from Indiana, or the 49° of the gentle-
man from Alabama, but we should get what we
had always repudiated—the line of the Columbia
river. Mr. H. read extracts from the application
of the Hudson Bay Company for renewal ol'charter
m 1837, and of the reply of the Secretary for Colo-
nial Affairs, granting this renewal, and referred to
the operations and design ofthePuget Sound Com-
pany, showing- that the design of Great Britain
was to make permanent agricultural settlements in
that territory: and could any argument, he asked,
be stamped with greater, with more perfect fatuity,
than that of these gentlemen opposing the notice,
who told them that, notwithstanding the pcaceably
intentions of Great Britain of which they talked,
she was now ready to go to war with us if we
passed this resolution concerning a territory about
which, they argue, she does not care a straw, ex-
cept for hunting purposes.
After glancing at certain other inconsistencies of
the position of gentlemen opposing the notice, Mr.
H. passed to consider the objections made to it on
the ground of our want of preparation for war.
He did not acknowledge that there was any other
preparation, in a republican Government, for war,
than the preparation of the heart. When the
great American heart was right on a great Amer-
ican national question, we were always prepared
for war.
Gentlemen overlooked the fact that every Ore-
gon bill which had yet been introduced proposing
these very measures which they avowed their
readiness to support had been resisted and defeat-
ed—how ? Because it was said they were m vio-
lation of the stipulations of the treaty. And these
gentlemen  who told them they would voie against
this notice but would go for the other measuies,
told them—what? They told them to stand still;
to do nothing on this question. He held in his
hand the record of the debate of 1821) upon the
Oregon bill then proposing the same measures
whseh these gentlemen now avow themselves
ready to support. In this record appeared die
spccch of the Hon. Mr. Polk, of Tennessee, and
his vote upon that bill, where he took the ground
that no such measure could be adopted by this
Government while the treaty remains in force-
that the stipulations of that treaty were binding
upon us, and that we could take no step_ that looks
towards the exclusive possession of this country
initd the treaty was terminated by the giving tins
notice. Gentlemen, then, who voted for these
measures, and against the notice as a condition
precedent to all of them, told us that we were to
remain on this question just where we have been
for thirty years—standing still, and taking no step
whatever. If the President entertained now the
same opinions which he entertained m 18:2!), and
if they refused to ffive this notice while at the
fsame time they passed bills organizing a tcrutonal
government over Oregon, for building forts, and
perhaps sending our military power into that re-
o-ion, the President was bound to veto them, or he
must abandon every position which he had here-
tofore occupied on this question.
Mr. WICK obtained the floor and spoke about
one hour in support of the notice. Mr. W. replied
at length to many of the arguments urged against
the notice by those who had preceded him in the
discussion ; and then stated the grounds upon
■which he maintained our claims to Oregon, lie
was for Oregon without a war; but he was for Ore
r-on, war or no war. ...
adoption of the measures recommended by the
President for the protection of our citizens m Ore-
gon, and the encouragement of emigration to that
territory The commercial value ot Oregon, both
to Great Britain and the United States, he dwelt
He strenuous! v urged the
upon with much force; and expressed his opinion
that Great Britain would not readily yield it. He
ridiculed the fear of war as a motive for inaction
on this subject, and warned gentlemen that this
was a progressive question, and that the people
"would take it up and carry it through.
[His speech will be published at length in the
Appendix.]
Mr. "YV. having concluded—
Mr. A. JOHNSON obtained the floor.
Mr. S. JONES raised the point of order that a
member, in order to be entitled to recognition by
the Chair, must address it from his own scat, and
not from that of another member.
The CHAIR decided that any seat which a mem-
ber might occupy at the time of addressing the
Chair, was the seat in the contemplation of the rule;
and that the uniform practice of the House had
been in accordance with this decision.
Mr. S. JONES, not directing his objection to
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] in
particular, but to the propriety of settling the
principle generally, indicated an appeal.
lie did not, however, persist in it; and, after
some conversation, the matter was permitted to
drop.
Mr. JOHNSON, thereupon, took the floor; but
yielded (as the hour was growing late) to
Mr. MILTON BROWN, who moved that the
committee rise.
And the Chairman was about to put the ques-
tion, when
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that, before rising,
the committee should take up and act on the bill
(from the {Senate) establishing certain
POST ROUTES IN TEXAS.
The motion having been agreed to in the proper
form,
The bill was read through.
And no amendment having been offered,
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. CULV'KR moved to strike out the enacting
clause; but the motion was not in order.
The motion, however, to rise and report the bill
being a debatable motion,
Mr. CULVKR, observing that he desired to
submit;) very few remaiks, proceeded to address
the committee in a speech of nearly an hour's du-
ration. He was several times called to order by
Messrs, McCOiSTNELL, BAYLY, (Jr. S. HOUS-
TON , and PRICE, for irrelevancy; but was de-
cided by the Chairman to be m order, on the
"round that he had a right to discuss the state of
the Union geneiallv.
Declaring himself to have been one of those who
had believed the annexation of Texas to be uncon-
stitutional, and that any act which Congress might
do to effect that object could only be a source of
trouble in after time, and believing that the Su-
preme Court of the United States would, on any
proper occasion which might call for its action,
pronounce it unconstitutional, he should (he said)
treat the act as such, and should still, in the re-
maiks be had to make, speak of Texas as the
republic of Texas. If lie rightly understood the
matter, the proposition to establish post routes in
Texas brought up the question whether the peo-
ple of the United States were to pay taxes for the
establishment of post routes under a Government
which had been unconstitutionally hitched on to
this country. The only respectable thing about
the proposition of annexation was the honorable
parentage which it had had. His fi lend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Brown] was (Mi. C. believed) its
author, and thciefoic it was respectable. But, if
he correctly understood, when it went to the other
branch of Congress, it was so changed and mu-
tilated that his friend could not recognise his own
bandmsr.
Mr. MILTON BROWN rose to explain- The
gentleman did him over-honor. He (Mr. B.) did
not deny his bantling, nor had lie given any vote
inconsistent with Ins original vote. He was for
Texas, and always had been; and she had been
finally annexed in the words of his resolution.
Mr. CULVER,after some interruption on a point
of order, proceeded to argue that Texas herself had
violated the terms on which we agreed to admit
■her into the Union—as, for instance, the provision
which confined slavery within certain limits; and
he entered at some length into the origin, history,
and motives of the Texas question, the relation it
bore to the last Presidential contest, and to the
effect it had on the prospects of the candidates for
that office, and especially of Mr. Van Buren, at
that time the head of the Democratic party, in
whose creed the question of annexation had been
made a new test.
Connecting this subject (by a link drawn from
the declaration in the Message of the President/
that Mexico had precluded herself from further
claims on Texas, by the offer to acknowledge her
independence if she would not become a part of
the American Union) with the pending question
on Oregon, Mr. C. proceeded to express his con-
viction that neither negotiation nor compromise
were of necessity precluded by the refusal of the
British Minister to accept the proposition of Mr.
Buchanan any more than the claims of Mexico on
Texas were precluded by the refusal of the latter
to acccpt the proposition of the former; that an
offer not accepted was not obligatory, and was not
to be construed to the prejudice of the party con-
cerned. He believed that all the trouble that had
grown out of this question of Oregon had been the
result of the swaggering tone adopted by the Pres-
ident, and of the substitution of the dictation of
Empire clubs, and other similar organizations, for
the cool and respectable advice and counsel under
which the affairs of this Government had until re-
cent years been administered. He avowed him-
self in favor of giving the notice, which could not
produce war, he said, because the South did not
want a war, and Mr. Polk was a southern man;
and he was afraid that there was an understanding
between the President and Sir Robert Peel that this
controversy should be settled in some way, and
that the tariff and the interests of the country
should be sacrificed. Pie concluded by contrast-
ing the backwardness of southern men on the Ore-
gon question with the hot haste which they had
manifested for the growth and maturity of its
twin-measure, the annexation of Texas, and sus-
tained some of the views that have heretofore been
advanced in reference to the restoration of the bal-
ance of power between the North and the South.
Mr. McCONNELL spoke a few brief sentences
which kept the House in a roar of laughter. After
a general disclaimer of" the truth of the imputations
cast on the men and the institutions of the South,
he declared his belief that the South had not yet
been fairly probed on this subject of Oregon, but
that, at the proper time, we should see where she
stood. He could not speak for the politicians; but
he could answer for the people in his part of the
country—for the tax-paying, road-working, and
militia-mustering people—all of whom, to a man,
would go for Oregon—the whole of Oregon.
Mr. McC. then made two distinct propositions
to Mr. Culver, (having in view the future destiny
and occupation of that gentleman,) so distinct, in-
deed, and expressed in language so vigorous and
original, that it was scarcely possible to misappre-
hend them. But as the propositions themselves
were of an unusual character, the reporter declines
giving a statement of them to the public, until the
revision of Mr. McC. shall have placed it beyond
the reach of mistake.
The committee then rose and reported to the
House its progress on the joint resolution of no-
tice, and its action on the bill to establish certain
post-routes in Texas.
The bill was put on its third reading, and (under
the operation of the previous question) was read a
third time, and passed.
And the House, at a late hour, adjourned.
' PETITIONS, &c.
The followingpetitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mi. MeCLELLAND: The petition of masters and
owners of vessels on the lakes for<£ lamp lights" on We*t
j island, in Lake Erie. The petition of R. A. Forsyth
j and others, citizens of Detroit, for the improvement of the
j Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
By Mr. DOBMN: The petition of William Crocker, of
| Wayne county, Noith Catolma, praying Congress to avoid
j the evils of war hy having national disputes settled by arbx-
I nation, or bv a code adopted by a congress of nations.
| By Mr. BKINKERHOFF: The petition and aceompany-
: in«r papers ofTn Carpenter, of Delaware county, Ohio, pray-
i iny compensation fo. loss of property during the late war:
refened to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON": The petition of John <*il-
leylen, of the Stwte of Mississippi, heretofore referred Jan-
uary 18,1845: refeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mi. B. SMITH: The memorial of sundry citizens of
Warren county, Ohio, praying Congress to make the pub-
