288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 31.
ecutive, in offering the compromise of the line of
49°, was supported by the Whigs of Tennessee,
so far as they had made an expose of their opinions.
But how did the "Whigs of Tennessee stand at the
last session of Congress ? Every man of them re-
corded his vote in favor of giving the notice. He
should like to know what had changed the position
of things since that time? Was it not as important
that the notice should be given now, as it was
twelve months since ? But the general conclusion
his honorable colleague had come to was, to give
the notice, but throw around it a little soft sodder—
a little smooth verbiage; we must put a smirk on
our countenance, and say to Great Britain, "We
are not in earnest; we give this notice, but—we will
be friendly about it.''
But since this question had come up, (Mr. J.
proceeded to say,) it appeared as if it had been
made the basis of the formation of new parties in
the country. He regretted any such attempt on a
question like this, especially when it was so far in
advance of the next presidential canvass. Why,
the Old Dominion—God bless her!—that had been
in the shackles of conservatism for several years
past, now—when she had freed herself, as they
had hoped—when Mr. Rives had been deposed
from office on account of his conservative position
—when the Old Dominion stood erect, " redeem-
ed, regenerated, and disenthralled" from the fet-
ters of conservatism—that her statesmen should
now return "like a sow that is washed to her wal-
lowing in the mire," was truly a thing to be de-
precated by every friend of her, and by every lover
of his country. Now, if his information was cor-
rect, ten to four of her politicians had relapsed
into the position of conservatism. Now, if Mr.
Rives was in power, he would undoubtedly stand
at the head of the representatives from the Old Do-
minion, leading on their cohorts. But the people
of the Old Dominion would yet speak for them-
selves; their voices would be heard from the west-
ern mountains to the Atlantic coast, proclaiming
in thunder tones our right to the whole of Oiegon
up to 54° 40'.
Now he asked how the present Administration
stood on this subject? Before the nomination was
made, before the Baltimore convention met, Mr.
Polk wrote a letter from Columbia, Tennessee, un-
der date of April 23, 1844, which was extensively
circulated throughout the country, in which he
says:
" Let the fixed policy of our Government be, not to
' permit Great Britain, or any other foreign Power,
' to plant a colony, or hold dominion orcr any portion
' of the people or territory oflhe United States."
That convention sat, understanding what were
Mr. Polk's views on the subject of Texas and
Oregon, and they adopted a resolution in these
words:
" Resolved, That our title to the whole of the
' territory of Oregon is clear and unquestionable;
' that no portion of the same ought to bo ceded to
' England or any other Power; and that the re-
' occupation of Oregon, and the reannexation of
* Texas at the earliest practicable period, are great
' American measures, which this convention rec-
' ommends to the ardent support of the Democracy
' of the Union."
Was not the Old Dominion in that convention?
And did she not adopt that as one of the tenets of
her political creed? Was not James K. Polk
nominated for the express purpose of carrying
these views out? Did not the Old Dominion rally
around Mr. Polk for the purpose of carrying out
the principles laid down by the Baltimore conven-
tion ' The country has settled this question; the
people have pronounced in decisive tones in favor
of the principles of the Baltimore convention, and
of the President whom they nominated; and it is
the duty of Congress to carry out the wishes of
the people, instead of coming here and drawing
distinctions so fine that they cannot be seen be-
tween; questions of" expediency," and questions
of principle, and all that sort of thing. The Stale
of Virginia went for Mr. Polk, understanding that
to be his doctrine. He came here, and was in-
augurated on the 4th of March; and in his inaug-
ural address, he made the same declaration as was
made in the Baltimore resolutions, that our title to
the whole of Oregon is clear and unquestionable;
and now, when those who were in that conven-
tion turn round and forsake the principles then
laid down, they say, "Oh, this is a question of ex-
pediency, and it is no departure from principle."
Mr. J. passed on to the question of title, and at
this his time allowed him to give but a hasty
glance. He had no doubt but our title to the whole
of Oregon was " clear and unquestionable." On
examining the subject, they found that Spain made
the first discovery in 1592; that was followed up
by a discovery in 1775, three years before Great
Britain's discovery; and this was followed up by
landing at the' mouth of the Columbia river in
1792, the year of Captain Gray's first discovery.
Then came the exploration of Lewis and Clarke m
1806; then the settlement of Astoria in 1810; and,
in 1819, the purchase by this Government of all
the title Spain had to this Oregon territory—(Great
Britain stood by and did not dispute that purchase
being made;) and, in 1824, the United States trans-
ferred a portion of this territory to Russia, fixing
the line of 54° 40' as the boundary between the
two Governments. In 1825 Great Britain nego-
tiated with Russia for a portion of the same terri-
tory; and now, upon the north of that line, she
holds absolute possession, derived from Russia,
which power had derived their title from the United
States, who had purchased the territory from Spain
in 1819. Great Britain was thence estopped trom
objecting to our title. She holds the soil on the
north of that line under the very same claim that
we hold the south of that line. How, then, does
Great Britain appear before the country—before
the civilized world ? In anything of a plausible
position? Could she sustain herself in question-
ing our title ? He was satisfied, from this state of
the title, to which he had thus made a running
allusion, that our title to the Oregon territory was
clear and unqucstionjble.
But what portion of the territory was really in
dispute ? What portion of it that was proposed by
his honorable colleague to be given away ? _ Why,
fioin 49° to 54° 40'—a territory embracing six
decrees of latitude, including 210,000 square miles,
and 138,^10,000 acres. A territory large enough
to make six Stales as large as the State of Ten-
nessee. This was proposed by his colleague, and
by others on this floor, and elsewhere, to give up
to Great Britain, when it was held by the United
States by precisely the same title that Great Brit--
am held north of 54° 40'.
Mr. COCKE said a word in explanation, and
was still proceeding, when
Mr. JOHNSON" resumed the floor, declining to
yield it on account of the shortness of his hour.
lie was proceeding to say that the territory
north of 49° and south of 54° 40' was not the ter-
ritory in dispute. The country which was the
real subject of contention was between 49° and 46°.
There was the touchstone. The number of square
miles in the temtory below 49° and above 4(5°, was
10,800, and the number of acres was 69,120,000.
Putting these together, it made 9°, from 54° 40'
to 4(i°, embracing 324,000 square miles, and 207,-
000,000 acres—a territory large enough to make
eight States: and leaving to the'United States south
of 46°, as her share of the whole territory, only
75,41*2,000 acres—about one-tlnrd as much as the
territory of Great Britain, if she got all she claimed.
Gentlemen proposed to surrender the territory
north of 49°. It was not the extent of territory
which Great Britain wanted, but it was that which
was in a position of utility to her for commercial
and military purposes. This was the state of the
case as put forth by Mr. Pakenham in his letter
to Mr. Calhoun, in September, 1844, m which he
says:
" It must be obvious to every impartial investi-
' gator of the subject, that, in adhering to the line
' of the Columbia, Great Britain is not influenced
< by motives of ambition with reference to extent
' of territory, but by considerations of utility, not to
' say necessity, which cannot be lost sight of, and
1 for which allowance ought to be made in an ar-
' jangement professing to be based on considera-
' tions of mutual convenience and advantage."
Great Britain was not contending for the territo-
ry north of 49°, but the point at issue was this
territory between 49° and 46°, embracing the nav-
igation of the Columbia river. And they heard—
what? Individuals in the country prepared to sur-
render the territory of Oregon down to 46°! The
talk of "surrendering" the north of 49° was idle
and fallacious. So far as he was concerned, he
was for the whole of Oregon up to 54° 40', and for
enough on the other side to deaden the timber on
beyond, that we may know where the line is.
He was not for surrendering enough territory to
make eight States. And when the great mass of
the people came to understand that it -was pro-
posed to surrender enough of-our sovereign do-
main to make eight States, wbichimay,if.w& pre-
serve our own rights, be hereafter added to the
galaxy of the States which already compose the
Union, they will veto the man so degenerate—so
far fallen from the spirit which animated our .glo-
rious sires of the Revolution—as to give any coun-
tenance to so base, so ignoble a surrender of our
own territory. The country would never submit
to it; they would never stand by an Executive, or
anybody else, who should dare to make the sur-
render.
But the question comes up, ".Suppose Great
Britain now makes us the tender of the line of 49°:
are you not in favor of the President acceding to
that proposition? He (Mr. J.) spoke only for
himself: Not one inch would he surrender up, to
54° 40'. It was ours. And the next negotiation
proposed on the subject, if the British Govern-
ment denied our just claims, let it be at the point
of the bayonet; and the next convention—let it be
written by the point of the sword, and written in
blood. He was for the whole of the country. Let
Great Britain get off eight States on the North, and
if she had succoeded -in-.g«ttiog, jEL^gertifinjasf.the
South, with her fleets on the high seas, this coun-
try would be encircled by her power as within the
folds of a great boa constrictor, who would crush
us whenever she saw fit.
We were told in the last Presidential contest
that Texas and Oregon were twins; and he had
gone for Texas with all the powers which he could
bring to bear upon it. This glorious consumma- t
tion had now taken place, and'Texas Was annexed
to our Republic, and was now a sister State in this
confederacy. Was there any gentleman who had
witnessed it, who had forgotten the scene that
transpired in the Senate one short year since? He
remembered well the intense anxiety which per-
vaded that body, and which was felt by the im-
mense throng of spectators who attended upon the
final decision of that question in that body. He
was there.- He remembered seeing Senators coming
in and taking their seats. He recollected the bril-
liancy and the magnificence with whifch1 that chan-
delier shed forth "its lighten that scene of, most in-
tense interest; and it almost seemed to Mm that the
American eagle over the President's chair, although
inanimate, appeared to participate in the thrilling
emotionsi which pervaded the whole chamber, and
to look more interesting than ever before. The
lobbies were filled with hoary age, with venerable
and matured experience, with youth and beauty,
with talent and eloquence—with all that tends to
make an assemblage lovely and imposing, when
that question was brought up for final action., He
remembered well when the yeas and nays were
being callcd on the final passage of the resolution;
the intense anxiety and the breathless silence with
which the announcement of the' final result was
waited for. And just at this memorable crisis, he
thought he heard Texas knocking at the door for
admission; and in the midst of this thrilhngly in-
teresting scene, the door was thrown open, and
there stood Texas, leaning on her victorious sword;
there stood Texas, with garments dyed in blood,
bearing aloft the lone star which had waved in
triumph at the battle of San Jacinto—asking to be
admitted and to be placed side by side with the
glorious stripes and stars which had been borne in
triumph through the bloody scenes of our own
Revolution. There she stood, her presence re-cali-
ing the history of the cold-blooded murder of Fan-
nin, the "massacre at the Alamo, and the victory
of San Jacinto. Yes; the union was about to be
consummated. Texas was about to be annexed
to our confederacy; but at this interesting period,
there was an objector. I will describe the elements
of his composition, and you can infer who he was.;
his head was the United States bank; his arms, a
latitudinous construction of the Constitution; his
heart and stomach, the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands: his backbone and, spine, a
tariff for protection; his huge and ponderous jtegs,
an assumption of §200,000,000 of the debts*.of tha
Suites; his long, dirty, greasy tail, the retrospec-
tive feature of the bankrupt law.
This monster, clashing his iron fangs and shaking
his direful crest, rose and objected to the union that
was about taking place. But the monster Tvas
struck dead by a blow hurled by the concentrated
poSver of the people, and- the "marriage unioa was
