THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
consummated. It is true, Texas was compelled to
act the coquette a little; but she finally brought Un-
cle bam to his senses, and. the union was consum-
mated. Uncle Sam, with his stars and stripes in
ms right hand, was seen approaching in the dis-
tance; and as be drew near the hymeneal altar,
Texas, the interesting young virgin of the South,
was seen leaning on his arm, the ring of " annexa-
tion" on her finger, and her countenance indica-
ting that she had confessed that she loved, and
blushed that she had owned it. They stood be-
fore the hymeneal altar; and whom found we there?
James K. Polk, the political high-priest, with the
license 111 his hand, ready to pronounce the ninr-
I'inge ceremony. The union is consummated; and
now, while the monster lies writhing in ngony and
issuing his expiring groans at the base of the hy-
meneal altar, while the funeral preparations are
making, bur/c Sannmd Texas sit down to the feast;
and while thii monster is consigned to the grave,
and is already undergoing the loathsome process of
decomposition, and becoming the food for the grave-
worins, Uncle Sam and Texas are conducted to the
marriage chamber, and there, in the arms of affec-
tion, multiply and become exceedingly fruitful,
_ But now, shall his back bo turned on her twm-
sistcr.' fie (lid not wish to he understood as intima-
ting that, l.'nrlr Sam was a modern Solomon. Hut
IJiir-lr Ham had lost none of his devotion to her twin-
siKter ■ he was still determined warmly as ever to
alloril her that protection which he hud vowed; he
was still for adopting the daughter of (lie Noith,
and sue would be admitted into the (/niou of these i
Mates. Prejudices might, he attempted to be ex- I
e.ited; new party lines might be attempted to he. j
drawn; politicians mi^hl seek to make political
capital, hut the public opinion would bring Oregon '
in. The people ii'i.re/'or if. If lie u ere Jiuiii-jWy.
t'olk, (and he did not pretend to attempt to advise {
linn,) while these little cliques—while these bjtlo
germs of new parties were forming—he would run
out ins largest, locomotive; he woiild get the steam
tip, he would put 011 the wood, and take in the
water, and hitch in the Oregon car, and those who
attempted to resist it. he would crush them in its
onward progress. The people would sustain him
>111 it; the people were for it; the people will
have it. 1
But they were told occasionally of the horrors
of war, and that, the country was not prepared;
that the country is in no condition to go to war.
Do you want a Chinese wall from tite extreme
south to the north, and then around the frontiers
from east to west? Will yon ever luue it? A
nation of twenty millions of freemen, with two
Bullions of soldiers that can be raised—with inter-
nal resources abundant, to sustain them—with six
hundred thousand stand of arms—with cannon
in proportion—can such a people be conquered?
"Why, the enemy may burn up a few towns, may
Rack a few cities, before we become entirely pre-
pared; but the result will 1)0 that these outrages
will tend to excite the patriotism of the country to j
a more determined and vigorous resistance. AH j
the Chinese wall we want is a united heart and j
united-hands on this great question. Let us feel, ;
all, Americans; let Whigs and Democrats rally [
around the altar of our common country, and !
swear that our gods and our shrines shall all be !|
crumbled into dust together before we will snrrcn- 1
der one square inch of Oregon. Let us resolve,
itnd it will be done, and the whole of our country
will be secured to our possession. Yes, the fe-
males of the country will be with us. When
cities are besieged, when towns are sacked, when
the country is invaded, the females of our land
would come forward and offer up their last dollar;
"X + . i ^ i ^ _ i. _ J* j. 1 _ ' • ■
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1846.
New Series....No. 19.
country, and in support of the position taken by
our Chief Magistrate upon this great American
question, and Oregortwill be ours, and the country
be redeemed.
But a great deal had been said in this debate
about the British lion. Let him but growl, let him
assume a menacing attitude, and on some lofty
peak in Oregon—perchance Mount St. Helen's,
15,000 feet above the ocean-level—the armor-bear-
er of Jupiter will be found perched on its veriest
summit, with talons more formidable than the
glittering spear of Mars, with an eye which does
not wince, though coming in contact with the sun's
brightest lay; the British lion will be descried in
the distance, if lie shall dare approach, and if he
shall moor to our shore, lie will descend from his
elevated position, and, issuing a scream of bolder
defiance than he lias ever before heard, will strike
terror to lus heart, and cause him, cowering and
shrieking beneath his penetrating talons, dastardly
to retreat, with the reeking blood dripping from
his mane, from a soil that he has dared to pollute
by his impious tread. We will not track him in
olood around the globe, but we will drive him for-
ever from {his continent.
But a moment of A/1 r. J.'s hour remaining, he
expressed his acknowledgments to the Rouse for
1 its attention, and resumed his seat.
| Mr. YVOOi> bavin-obtained the floor, addressed
| the conumth e. I P<• believed, he said, that every
: one w:w now convinced that this House was di-
\idcd into three distinct divisions, first, those
who were .is'uinst the notice; and next, those who
were for the notice, but in favor of continued ne-
gotiation; and lastly, those who wished to o-o up
to 5-1 degrees and 40 minutes; and were, therefore,
for war. As he r< presented a State which would
Im\c no smell share of the ii^hiin^ to do in the
case ol a yy.u\ and no small share of the ^'loiyof'
n victory, he /< If obliged to o/ler Rome remarks on
is subject. lie would not boast of the courage
yes, turther, as a test of their patriotism, they
would offer their rings and their jewels from their
persons; and they %«ould not stop there, but they
would take their locks from their foreheads, and
weave them into bowstrings, with which to throw
the arrow of defence into the bosom of the inva-
ding foe.- Yes, the women of this day would he
found as patriotic as the wives and daughters of
our sires of the Revolution. And let but Whigs
and Democrats all rally around the altar of our
19
tins subject.
of | he people ofh;s State; they were wise enough
not to seek a fight, and gallant enough not to shun
it. All draughts upon their courage or their patri-
otism they would pay at sight.
Tho speeches which he had heard here carried
us back to tho dark ages, and we heard the Black
Douglass gathering his followers for a fonty. He
could not invoke a war, which only elevated brute
courage, and whoso only effect was a scourge on
ourselves. Not only to the people of this country,
but to all Christendom, would we bo accountable
for plunging- this country into a war. He admired
the moral courage of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr Riiktt,] with which he had strip-
ped war of ifs tinsel, and exposed its skeleton to
view. Let novel-reading girls, and love-sick boys
talk of the glories of war; but they were revolt-
ing to men of sense. He had regretted to hear
the revolutionary war spoken of in connexion with
the war now invoked; and it appeared to him al-
most sacrilegious; it was virtually confounding the
patriot with the brigand. Rut he had some other
reasons for being opposed to a war. Let it be
granted that you may succeed, and let your plans,
hko Captain Bobad/l's, be imagined to be feasible.
Lotus suppose that you may succeed: what will
j be the consequcnce? You will work a victory
I mci yourselves. You will inflict the greatest evils
; on your own country. _ You will demoralize it.
xoii will sweep away its democracy, and erect I
upon its ruins a military aristocracy. Nor is this I
*dl. ou will arrest the progress of liberal opin-
ions in the whole world, and especially m England,
where principles of free trade were rapidly extend-
in?, and could only be put down by our own infi-
delity to them. These principles would triumph
in both nations, and ultimately throughout the
world, unless they should be arrested by war.
It w as very much the habit with gentlemen here
to denounce England; but the England of 1775 and
3812 was not the England of 1846. The most ef-
fectual means by which we could now attack Eng-
land was by peace, and not by war. The only
means by which that aristocracy, which was built
up by wars, could be put down, was by the long
continuance of peace. He had no sympathy for
that aristocracy. All his sympathies were with
the people of England, who werejstruggling against
the institutions which oppressed them, and which
were fastened upon them by war. They had been
degraded to their present position by glorious war,
and it would not be the fault of members of this
House if our people also should not be degraded
to that condition in which, for a shilling a day,
they would hire themselves to the trade of murder.
Why was this deadly hate manifested against Eng-
land ? Say what you will, her lights of civil and
religious liberty are brighter than those of any
other country of Europe. Nowhere was the lib-
erty of speech and of the pen greater than in Eng-
land; ana the blush came sometimes tingling to lus
cheek, when it occurred to him that, m this re-
spect, Great Britain was farther advanced than
some portions of our own country. The spirit of
liberty first arose in England—there were breathed
the first aspirations for liberty. It inspired the
Hampdens, and the Vanes, and our pilgrim fathers;
and it brought the first Charles to the block. And
now, among the middle class in England, and
among those whose names are great without titles,
there were many who are battling for freedom.
Tic granted that England was arrogant, but so was
Franco and Russia, which nations were moie prof-
ligate, despotic, and insidious. He granted all
that, had been said about the rapacity of England;
but had not France been guilty of the same con-
duct? Had not Russia extinguished the nationali-
ty of Poland ? Had not Russia come down to the
Euxine ? And on the northwest coast, was she not
m possession, by treaty, of a part of our Spanish
title? It was true that they have all abused their
power; but we were not the avenge)s. "Ven-
gcance is nime, saith the Lord." It was madness
and folly to run a tilt against all these Towers.
Nothing could equal its absurdity, save that of the
man who wanted to fight the locomotive and op-
pose its progress, declaring that it was nothing but
a cooking-stove put on wheels.
The gen tlemanfiom South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
had said that one of the games playing here was
got up for the purpose of making great men great-
er and little men great. New York, he assured
that gentleman, had no hand in such a game. Ay,
sir, she is the last State in the Union that will
plunge this country into a war for the aggrandize?
m.ent of any individual. Another game has been
spoken of—a compact between those who support-
ed Texas and those who wanted Oregon. He had
no part in that game either. It had been intimated
that the votes of those who, like himself, had op-
posed tho annexation of Texas had been influenced
by a certain distinguished northern statesman, (Mr.
Wright.) The insinuation was unjust and untrue,
lie knew nothing of that gentleman's opinions
either in regard to Texas or Oregon. He did not
represent him or any other individual. He repre-
sented only his own district, and no man stood be-
tween him and his constituents.
It had been said that Texas and Oregon were the
cry at the late election for the Presidency. He
trusted that no President would ever be elected that
had not some other qualifications than a mere cry;
yet he voted for Mr. Polk, and he did so on ac-
count of his integrity, honesty, and capacity, and
not of any party cry. Mr. W. had not voted
against Texas, he said, because he was hostile to
the South, as had been supposed. He had no such
motive, though he had seen the time when it was
proposed as a sine qua non recommendation for the
presidency that the candidate should be identified
with the peculiar institutions of the South.
In regard to a distinguished member of the late
cabinet, who had been referred to in this connexion,
he said he would give him great credit for many
admirable qualities, and he believed that the posi-
tion which he now occupied was for the time dis-
tinctly defined; and he was willing to give him
credit for sincerity in opposing the notice.
He (Mr. W.) did not suppose, however, that
the notice woula lead to a war; he believed rather
that the "masterly inactivity," as it had been
called, would lead to a war. Why this inactivity
had been called masterly he could not imagine,
