290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
unless it was the policy of masters, and very
young ones, too.
He would not discuss the question of title; but
he would merely lay down some positions in re-
gard to it, without recourse to the musty records
which others could examine as well as himself.
Everyone, he believed, had conceded that Eng-
land had some claims to the country of Oregon.
Whether their title -was derived from the Nootka
Sound treaty, from the explorations ofMcKenzie,
from proximity or contiguity, or from our own
concessions, it was immaterial to consider. He
believed that our own title south of forty-nine was
unquestionable; and if the position of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Owen] was true—and he
believed it was—it was good to 49° 50'; because
Spain had a settlement, at the time of the conven-
tion, at that point, and that Great Britain had
abandoned all claim to any territory south of that
point.
He believed that we had claims founded upon
exploration and discovery, which, putting the
Spanish title out of the question, would carry us
up to 49°. Some had claimed that we went a lit-
tle further—to 52°. Mr. Rush had claimed that
we had a clear title up to 51°. What, then, is the
question at issue?—what is the matter at stake,
which is to plunge two great nations, the most
civilized in the world, into a war? It was a strip
of land of two decrees. Sii, should we fight or
negotiate for two degrees on the northwest coast?
Three times had we offered 49°, and that was
the line which was marked out by the treaty of
Utrecht, and also by proximity and contiguity.
Would we be justified before God and the world
in madly seeking a war upon sucli a quarrel ?
Gentlemen here had talked of the great value of
the country north of 49°, and some of them had
even said, that without it, or a portion of it, Oregon
would not be worth a rush ; but Captain Willies,
who had explored that coast, did not go beyond
49°, and yet had found very valuable harbois.
South of 49° was the most valuable portion of the
country.
Puget's sound, Hood's canal, and Admiralty
inlet, were all south of 49°.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
had said that the territory actually in dispute be-
tween the two countries was between 4fi° and 49°.
lie had never heard this before. It had been said
that American enterprise could not succeed m
Oregon until the British were driven unt. This
was a reflection upon the American character; for
whoever heard of an instance in which Americans,
placed side by side with the people of Great IS: it-
am, or any other nation, could not compete with or
outstrip them in any enterprise? All that Ameri-
cans asked for was good ports, and, with them,
they could rival any nation in commerce without
the protection of any powerful incorporated com-
pany, or the patronage of the Government. Con-
trast this city (said Mr. W.) and its badly regu-
lated concerns with those cities which depended on
themselves, and mark what a difference there is
between them.
The popularity of the President of the United
States depended not on his 54° 40', but upon his
moderation and wisdom, which were the true
causes of his popularity. He regretted to see re-
solutions offered in this House reflecting upon his
course, and a compliance with which was to be the
price of his forgiveness, by a certain portion of
this House. If the notice were given, and nego-
tiations were not opened, he supposed that Great
Britain would fill Canada and Oregon with troops,
and make groat naval preparations at the Bermu-
das and Halifax. But she would not strike a
blow. She would await our action; and if we
proceeded to annex Canada, or take the whole of
Oregon, then we would have war to the knife-
But he had too much reliance on the moderation
and patriotism of the President to suppose that he
would take such a course. He supposed that he
would settle this question by the law of nations,
and not by the law of popular acclamation, lie
believed that the good sense of both nations, in-
timately connected as they wore by commercial
relations, would prevent them from rushing madly
into a war, merely for the adjustment of a title
which could only be settled by negotiation at last.
Were we to go into such a war, we would soon
find that there was a vast difference between de-
fending our own country, and carrying on a war
of aggression upon another.
But if we anticipate such a war, what were we
to do? Why did we not strengthen our fortifica-
tions, and furnish them with cannon, fifteen hun-
dred pieces of which would be at least wanted ?
Why did we not refit our navy and procure mate-
rials for a steam marine ? The truth was that pub-
lic opinion was opposed to a war; and we might
cry war in vain till we were black in the face, and
no war would come so long as popular opinion was
opposed to it. If our measures should be carried
out, after giving the notice, war would be inevita-
ble. He was for giving the notice, but not for
pushing the ulterior measures to such an extreme
as to put the question beyond negotiation. Should
he be mistaken as to the result of our counsels, and
war should come, it was not by impulsive courage
that we could carry it through. War was now a
science. This war was not to be fought with rifles,
nor behind cotton-bags, but it was to be fought
amid the crossing of bayonets, the thunder of can-
non, the roaring of Paixhans, and hissing of
shells. It was to be fought on the ocean wave,
man to man, gun to gun. It was not impulsive
courage which gave us our triumph even in the
war of the Revolution.
The privations and pestilence of the camp broke
down the courage of the most enthusiastic patriots
even in the first and sccond campaign. This was
not to be a war that was to be decided by a single
battl(| or a single campaien, and, as in the Revolu-
tion, we would have at last to rely upon the cool
and calm courage and Fabian prudence which then
distinguished our commander-in-chief. And trust,
me, (concluded Mr. W.,) that, before three years
of the. war shall expire, every man in the country—
excepting those vultures and hyenas which hover
over the battle-field and batten on the carnage—
all those who do not want war for the sake of
war—will ardently wish for peace, and its advent
will be hailed by both nations as the best gift of
Hcma i.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON obtained the floor;
anil, on Iti.s motion, the committee rose.
Mr. RAMSEY, on leave, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, relative to a
McAdami/pd national road from the United States
arsenal at Pittsburg to the harbor of Erie. Also
resolutions relative to .the rates of postage. Also
resolutions relative to the piers in tile river Dela-
ware at Marcus Hook.
Ordered, That the said resolutions be laid upon
the table.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 2, 1846.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, show-
ing the number of contracts ltiade by the several
bureaus of that department, for the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 184(i; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, ex-
hibiting the expenses of the national armories, and
showing the number of arms manufactured during
the year ending 30th June, 1845; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Florida relathe to the appointment
of a commissioner on the part of the United States
to run the boundary lines between the States of
Georgia and Florida, and Florida and Alabama;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. MILLER presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New Jersey, remonstrating against the
lepeal of the pilot act of March 2, 1837; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr, STURGEON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, against any increase
in the existing rates of postage; and in relation to
a Macadamized road from the United States Arse-
nal at Pittsburg to the harbor at Erie; and in re-
lation to appropriations for the preservation of the
piers at Marcus Hook, m the Delaware river;
which were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BERRIEN presented resolutions from the
State of Georgia, declaring her assent to the prin-
ciples of Federal representation as they exist in the
Constitution, and their opposition to certain reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts; also,
a report that passed the Legislature of Georgia in
relation to the difficulties with Massachusetts;
which were kid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COR WIN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Ohio, in relation to the confirmation of
the titles of the purchasers of certain lands sold by
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. GREENE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Rhode Island, against any increase of
the present rates of postage; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed^
Also, resolutions declaring assent to the princi-
ples on which the tariff of i842 was adopted, and
opposition to any change in its details; which were
referred to the Committee on Manufactures, and
ordered to be printed.
The following memorials and petitions were pre-
sented and appropriately referred:
By Mr. CALHOUN: From the executor of
Thomas Cooper, asking the reimbursement of the
fine imposed under the alien and sedition laws.
Also, from Peter Von Schmidt, asking for com-
pensation for a model of a pneumatic dry-dock,
constructed under direction of the Secretary of
State for the use of the China mission.
By Mr. MILLER: From citizens of Jersey
City, asking that it may be made a port of entry.
By Mr. J. M. CLAYTON: From John Jones,
asking compensation for work performed at the
Pea Patch island under contract with the United
States.
By Mr. DICKINSON: From James Hamilton
and P. Schuyler, asking the Government to pur-
chase their right to an improvement in certain ma-
chinery.
By Mr. UPHAM: From Samuel Simpson, ask-
ing a pension.
By Mr. DIX: From shipmasters and others,
asking the completion of and lighting of Cattarau-
gus harbor.
By Mr. BREESE: From 319 persons assembled
at Rockford, asking the establishment; of a naval
depot and marine hospital int Chicago, and the for-
tification of the Straits of Mackinaw.
By Mr. ALLEN: From George Wingard, for
a pension.
By Mr. McDUFFIE: From Meledge Galphin,
of South Carolina, asking the recognition of cer-
tain claims by the Government. •
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs: A bill to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of John Crowell; which was read a
first time.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, from the select com-
mittee on French Spoliations, reported a bill to pro-
vide for the ascertainment of claims of American
citizens for spoliations prior to the 31st of July,
1801.
On presenting this bill, Mr. Clayton stated that,
in consequence of the variety of subjects which
had been brought under the consideration of the
committee, it had been deemed by the majority
inexpedient to report a .special bill, embracing a
single class of claims only. When the debate on
the bill should come up, every Senator would bfe
at liberty to give his views in reference to any dis-
tinct claims. The bill varies little in its form from
the one passed at a previous session of Congress.
The bill was then read a first time.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution
touching the relations between the United States
and the several Indian tribes, reported the follow-
ing joint resolution as a substitute therefor; fyhich
■was read a first time:
Resolvedby the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jlmerica in Congress assembled,
That the Secretary of War prepare, or Cause- to
be prepared under his direction, a statement®/the
treaties and relations between the United States
and the seveial Indian tribes or nations^ from the
revolutionary war down toWie extinguishment of
the Indian title eastward of the Mississippi; also,
a statement in tabular form of all the sums paid
to different Indian tribes for the purchasi--of their
lands, designating each tribe, the date of purchase,
amount paid, amount of ted ceded or.Jiurchased,
