1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
■where situated, the annuities given to each tribe,
the duration of such annuities, the amount held in
trust by the United States Government for any
such tribes, how much thereof has been vested in
stocks, what stocks, and the authority for vesting
the same, and the number of persons in each tribe
among which such sums or annuities were or are
divided.
By Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims: An adverse report on the petition of Wil-
liam Morrow.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the claim of Edward D. Tippett.
By Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Commit-
tee of 'Claims: An adverse report on the claim of
Scott, White, & Co.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the memorial of Ed. Bolan.
Also, asking to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Caleb Greene, und
that it be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
By Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee of
Claims; A bill in addition to an act for the relief
of Walter Loom is and Abel Gay.
Also, from the same committee, asking; to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the claim
of Cnarles F. Sibbald, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
By Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary: A bill to repeal the act requiring one of
the Judges of the Cirpuit Court for the District of
Columbia hereafter to reside m Alexandria; which
was read a first time.
By Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs: A bill for the i-elief of Elijah White;
which was read a first time.
By Mi-. PHRLPS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents: A liilj further to extend the patent of Jethro
Wood ; which whs read a first time.
Also, from the same committee: A bill for the
relief of lloss Winans; which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. JAHNAlilN, the Committee
on Indian Affairs were discharged I'roui the further
consideration of two hundred claims of Cherokee
Indians for losses 111 1831), \')7, and VIH, occasioned
by their emigration in conformity to llio treaty of I
1825-6.
Mr. JARNAGINsuidit was not intended to de- I
bar the claimants from prosecuting any claim they
might be able to establish, but it was thought bet-
ter to move the discharge of the committee from
the consideration of the subject, than to make an
adverse report.
The committee were then discharged.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following,
which lies over one day under the rule.:
Itesolval, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the appointment of a commis-
sioner to act on the part of the United States in the
settlement of the boundary lines between the States !
of Georgia and Florida and the States of Alabama j
anil B'lorida, and of providing for the payment of !
the expenses of settling said lines. j
Mr. YULEL submitted the following, which j
lies over one day under the rule: j
Unsolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be in- j
structed to prepare and report to the Senate esu- j
mates for the commencement of a dry-dock at
rcusacoln, upon ,thc plan recommended by a t
board of officers appointed under an act of Con- j
gress of I7th of June, 1844.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the follow- ;
ing:
J'esolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo <li-
rected to communicate to the Senate such mfur- j,
mation as he can obtain in regard to tile naval '
powers of each of the maritime nations of the
world, with the tonnage, number of merchant >
ships and vessels, and the aggregate amount of
the commerce of each.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury ■
he directed to communicate to the Senate such m-
formation as he can obtain on the expediency of ! I
providing by law that ships and vessels nawoa- I
ting the Delaware shall carry lights to avoid the H
danger of collision. ji
Mr. BAGBY gave notice of liis intention to 1
bring in a bill to incorporate the navv of Texas
with that of the United States.
The bill from the House relative to collectors
and other officers of the customs, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce; which committee sub-
sequently reported it without amendment.
TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill providing
for the payment of the debt ascertained to be due
to Texas while an independent State by the Uni-
ted States, was taken up and considered as in com-
mittee of the whole.
The passage of the bill was opposed by
Mr. JARNAGIN, who said he felt constrained
to renew the application which he had made on a
former day for an explicit explanation of the
grounds upon which it was proposed to make this
Government responsible for a trespass committed
by individuals acting under then- own authority,
and not under the authority of this Government.
So far as compensation for the arms taken was
concerned, he had not a word to say; but he be-
lieved the greater amount proposed by the bill to
be paid to Texas was for certain goods which had
been seized by the officers of customs m Texas
and plaecd in their warehouses, and from thence
taken and carried away by persons having no sort
of authority for doing so. If theie was any pro-
vision of law requiring payment by a government
for goods illegally seized and taken away from
another government by lawless depredators acting
under their own responsibility, he had not been
able to find it. The injury complained of had
been committed lawlessly, and this Government
could not be held to warrant or ensure any foreign
State or Power against depredations committed by
private citizens, whether they were citizens of the
United States or otherwise.
Mr. SHVIKR said lie was very glad to find that
the Senator concurred m the bill so far as the arms
were conecmcrl. In regard to the goods, the cus-
tom-house in Texas had been plundered and the
goods taken away by persons belonging on our
own side of the river, l'he gentleman's objection
to this part, of the claim, it appeared, was only
technical; it was that he could find no provision m
the law authorizing compensation for a trespass of
this clmiacter. Though lie did not claim to be
much of a lawyer, hi" cct tainly thought it was a
strange conclusion to arrive at, that a nation on
our border, having her eusiom-houses broken open
and plundered by an armed force composed of our
citizens, should be entitled to no compensation
from this Government. If refused redress here,
where could they look for it? The payment had
been recommended by two successive presidents,
and by two Secretaries of State, and he thought it
would be anything but creditable to Congress to
refuse payment.
Mr. EVANS argued, against the adoption of
the measure. It was difficult, ho said, to resist
the pathetic appeal made by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, but he could not, nevertheless, give his
vote in favor of the bill. The bill professed to
make an appropriation to pay a debt ascertained
to be due to the late republic ofTexas. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas declared to the Senate that the
payment, had been recommended by the Execu-
tive and two Socrctaiies of State; but so far as he
could understand the printed papers which had
been produced, he was forced to deny this position.
Mr. SEVIER referred the honorable Senator to
the messages of both President Tyler and Piesi-
dent Polk.
Mr. EVANS then demanded on what authority
the President of the United States could assert ;|
that this was a claim ascertained to he due. He;>
believed it was not ascertained to be due, but, on 1:
ihe contrary, clearly ascertained not to be due. L
The amount clamW, too, was for beyond the value '•<
of the property in question, upwards of s50,0001:
hein<y demanded for property the real value ofj!
which did not at the utmost exceed #.">.000. If the 11
principle upon which this jested was to he carried
out, whenever a public or a private wronty should
happen to be committed by a citizen of the United
States, this Government would be bound to make
reparation. Where was the international law to
be found which justified such a principle?
Mr. SEVIER said that, in drawing up the bill,
he had followed the language of the message, in
styling it a debt ascertained to be due. The claim
had been admitted to be due before Texas ceased
to be an independent State; there was national law
enough found there to cover the case; but now,
that our views and wishes had been fulfilled, and
Texas had ceased to be a separate and independent
State, it appeared that justice was to be denied.
The Senator from Maine was willing that remu-
ner<*iion should be made to Texas for the arms
which they had robbed her of—a great stretch of
liberality, certainly!
Mr. EVANS reminded the honorable Senator
from Arkansas that if the arms had been given up
to Texas, they would now be the property of this
Government. The reason why he was in favor of
paying for the arms, which had in fact been taken
fiom a marauding party, was, that there had been
some sort of assurance given that they should be
paid for.
Mr. CALHOUN observed,that as there seemed
to be but little opposition to that part of the bill
relating to the arms, it would scarcely be necessary
to make any further remarks upon that point; it
would be sufficient to say that the great reason
which operated with him m favor of paying for
them was, that both officers believed they were
within their respective territories. And surely, as
they had got the arms, and those arms were worth
the money claimed for them, they should be paid
for.
He could not see any possible necessity for re-
quiring any more testimony than was already be-
fore the Senate. That Texas had suffered a great
outrage no Senator could doubt. It was not an
inconsiderable case, of individuals passing over the
boundary and committing a depredation, but it was
an armed force of forty men, violently seizing upon
an officer of the customs, tying his hands behind
lum, and then plundering the public storehouses.
When Secretary of Slate he had looked with some
care into the authorities on the case upon both
sides as to the liability of the Government; and in
view of the great wtong which Texas had sus-
tained, and m consideration that the weaker Power
should be favored as far as practicable, he had been
entirely in favor of making payment. He hoped
the bill would puss without further opposition.
Mr. EVANS withdrew an amendment which he
had previously submitted, and offered anotliei as a
substitute foi the whole bill, proposing to pay the
estimated value of the arms alone.
Mr. DAVIS was in favor of voting a suitable
compensation for the. arms. The occurrence hap-
pening near the line, might very well be attributed
to mistake or misapprehension as to the precise
position of the boundary, and that the officer sup-
posed himself within the limits of his own coun-
try. But he would like to be a little better ad-
vised as to the remaining part of the bill before
voting upon it. Mr. D. contended that the Gov-
ernment could not be held responsible for the acts
of individuals committed in foreign countries.
The whole State of Texas, he said, had been taken
from the Mexican Government by citizens of the
United States; yet for that act this Government
could not be held answerable to Mexico. Neither
could it be justly held responsible for the unau-
thorized art at present in question. Texas must
maintain the authority of her own laws against
violation on the part of individuals.
Mr. SEVIER inquired what redress Texas
could expect to obtain from individuals, particu-
larly now that she formed a part of the Union?
If she were still independent she might make re-
prisals: but now she had no remedy but to appeal
to this Government. Could the Senator from
Massachusetts point out any other mode by which
Texas could obtain redress? The Senator said
Texas had been robbed from Mexico; it was alto-
gether a different matter fiom the present. This
country had been robbed from Great Britain too
by our ancestors in the exorcise of the glorious
right of rebellion.
Mr. DAVIS observed that it was not for him
fo point out who should make restitution to those
who suffer losses. It was enough for him to know
that it was not incumbent on this Government.
The natural course was, to look for redress to those
who commit the depredations—those who perpe-
trate the wrong.
After some further brief remarks in opposition
to the bill, by Messrs. JARNAGIN, HUNTING-
TON, and J. M. CLAYTON, and by Messrs.
BREESE and WESTCOTT in its favor, the
question was taken on the amendment, by yeas
and nays, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Berrien, Bright, T.
Clayton, J. M. Clayton, Corwin, Davis, Evans,
