1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
pending the last vote, proceeded to read the paper
he held in his hand.
The memorial is as follows:
To the honorable Senate' and Home of Representatives
qf the United States of America in Congress <mem-
bled;
The petition of Martha Gray respectfully sets
forth: That your petitioner is the widow of Capt.
Robert Gray, well known as the navigator who
discovered, first entered, and gave its'present name
to the " Columbia river." That your petitioner
was left a -widow nearly forty years ago, with four
young daughters, and without adequate means for
their education and support. That she has strug-
gled thus far through life amidst great difficulties
and-severe trials, and in her advanced age is still m
circumstances requiring the strictest economy.
That her daughters are yet living, and three of
them remain -unmarried. That her late husband,
Captain Gray, was in the naval scrvicc of his coun-
try during apart of the war of the Revolution, but
that your petitioner is unable under the existing
laws to entitle herself to be placed upon the list of
United States pensioners, the act "granting half-
pay and- pensions to certain widows and for other
purposes," providing only for widows whose mar-
riage took place before the first day of January,
3794, and her marriage having taken place in the
month of Februarys 1794. That neither her late
husbaud during his lifetime, nor his family since
his decease., have received the slightest pecuniary
benefit from the great discovery herein referred to;
and your petitioner now, for the first time, appeals
to the justice of her country with confidence1, that,
at the moment when your honorable body is spread-
ing before the world the claims of the United States
to a vast territory of immense value, and founding
these claims, to a great extent, upon a discovery
made by the energy and persevei ancc of one of her
citizens, the family of that citi/xn will not be snf-
fered,in their humble circumstances, to go without
any ^enumeration; but ihat your honorable body
will make such provision as a sense of justice and
the honor of the nation seem to require for {he aged
widow and unprotected daughters of (he man who
first unfurled the flag of our eountiy upon the
"great river of the West,"and who was the first,
to bear thi.y /lagin triumph lound the woild. With
due respect, MARTHA GRAY.
Boston, January 17, 1846.
Mr. GORDON desired to be informed whether
the United States had derived any benefit from the
discovery of Captain Gray?
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the petition be
printed, that it might have a place among the ar-
chives of Congress, and ihat it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
And Mr. W. was understood to remark, that the
petitioner would have been entitled to a pension, if
she had married less than one month earlier. The
great discovery which her husband had made, en-
titled her to tiie consideration of Congress.
OREGON,
Mr. W- G. BROWN, on leave given, offered the
following resolution; which was read for informa-
tion:
Whereas the friendly relations now existing be-
tween the United States and Great Britain are in
danger of being interrupled, in consequence of the
unsettled claims of the respective countries to the
territory lying on the northwest roast of America,
west of trie Stony mountains; therefore, with a
view to a speedy and amicable settlement of their
differences—
Resolved by the Senate and House of Jteprrscntalive.s
of the United States of Jitnenca in Congress assem-
bled, That the-President of the United Slates cause
noticc to be given to the government of Great Brit-
ain, that the convention-between the United States
and Great Britain, concerning the territory of Ore-
gon, of the sixth of August eighteen hundred and
twenty-seven, signed at London, shall be annulled
and abrogated at the expiration of the term of
twelve months from and after said notice shall he
given, conformably to the second article of the said
-convention of the sixth of August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-seven.
Mr. B. moved that the resolution be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that it be printed.
Which motion, after a brief conversation, was
agreed to.
PERSONAL.
Mr. BAYLY rose, and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
And the leave having been granted—
Mr. BAYLY addressed the House as follows:
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, the report of
the speech of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] made on Saturday last; and, as far as
it refers to me, it is a tissue of misrepresentation
from beginning to end—unintentional, I suppose;
for I cannot believe he could have had any pur-
pose of intentionally misrepresenting me. When
lie commenced on Saturday, 1 tried to correct him
by pointing out the errors'into which he was fall-
ing; but he seemed to have fixed upon his lme of
remark, and to be determined to pursue it. 1 re-
solved, therefore, to permit him to proceed, and re-
serve to myself the privilege, which 1 enjoy under
a recognised parliamentary practice, to correct him
this morning.
It will not be -proper for "me to refer to other
matters than such aw are personal to myself. I
shall not, therefore, refer to his charge that^, por-
tion of the Republicans are attempting to make
this question of notice the basis of the formation
of a new party ; nor to his charge that44 ten to four
of her (Virginia's) politicians had relapsed into the
position of conservatism,1' further than to pro-
nounce them unfounded—the first unqualifiedly so,
as far as we are concerned; and the second equal-
ly so in the sense in which the gentleman, by his
reference to Mr. Rives, seems to use the word
conservatism. Nor shall 1 refer (o the propriety
with which the gentleman attempts to interpose be-
tween our constituents and oiuselves; nor to his
arrogating to himself a better knowledge of their
wishes tlmn we possess: and abo\e all, 1 shall not
l slop to inquire into the delicacy of a member from
I Tennessee—winch has not voted for a republican
j President since 1H;JG—undertaking to lecture Vir-
I ginians about Democracy, who has inner voted for
j any other. I shall go into none of these matters
: now,but shall content mv'self in pointing out the
I gentleman's misrepresentations; and 1 .-hall do tins
best by pi,icing what I did sav in juxtaposition
with wlhii the gentleman auiibutes to me.
"There had been an attempt, dm nig the progress
4 of this discussion, to excite the peculiar prejudi-
4 ees of the country. They had seen this particu-
4 larly exhibited by the gentleman from Virginia,
* (Mr. Bayj.v,] in addressing the committee oil this
4 subject. Without relying on argument—without
4 relying on facts as they exist in the history of
4 this negotiation—the gentleman had attempted, as
* he (Mr. J.) believed, to excite a prejudice exist-
' ing in the minds of his constituents, and perhaps
4 extending, in some degree, beyond the bounds of
4 his district. What position had he taken ? He
4 had attempted to make the impression oil the
1 'mind of the country ihat then1 was a particular
j e leader and champion of this question; and in this
i 4 way, while lie [Mr. Bayly] had separated from
; '"the policy hud down by the Administration, he
i 4 had attempted to exonerate himself from the m-
| 4 consistency and dilheulty in which he was in-
j 4 volved."
! Now, sir, there is not a solitary statement in this
| extract, which is not unfounded, ldid not attempt
i to excite any prejudice to eustain my positions. I
j did not attempt to exonerate myself from any i
consistency by exciting prejudices, or in any other
manner, for 1 am involved in none. I voted last
session precisely as I shall vote at this, as the gen-
tleman himself admits. I did not refer to the
known purpose of the gentleman from .Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adam5?,] to vote for this measuie as a
reason for my voting against, it. 1 referred to the
course of that gentleman and other Whigs, who
will support this question, to prove that it was not
a parly question. I did not suppose that any one
would suspect these gentlemen of a purpose to join
the Administration generally, simply because they
sustain this measure; and 1"thought it as illogical
to infer that such of us as oppose it meant to go
over to the opposition. My remarks were these:
44 But, sir, such of us as belong- to the Repubh-
4 can party have been told that the President has
4 recommended the giving of this notice, and that
4 such of us as refuse to vote for it are abandoning
4 the Administration. This is purely a party view
4 of the subject which I scorn. The President has
4 referred the whole subject to us as a co-ordinate
s department of the Government, and we will act
4 unworthy of ourselves if, in disposing of it, we
4 are influenced by any other consideration than the
' dictates of our own judgment. The question is
4 merely one of expediency, which involves no
1 principle, and one about which gentlemen may
4 well differ. This is not a party question, If it
4 the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] is
4 the leader of the party; and for one I will not follow
4 his lead. Bat I do not understand that such of
4 us as oppose giving the notice until we are ready
• to give it, and in the mean time express a desire
4 to get ready to give it, are going counter to the
4 recommendations of the President. His recom-
'mendation is unrestricted as to time. He does
' not ask us to give it to-day or to-morrow—at this
' session or the next. He has not recommended
'that this subject should be taken up at once, to
4 the exclusion of everything else, and pushed
4 through at once. We can give the notice six
' months hcnce, or even at the next session, if in-
4 tervening events shall not render it unnecessary.
4 The Congress will still be composed of the same
4 members."
It will be seen from this that I only referred to
the course of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] to show that this was not a party
question; and also that I did not prefer to the gen-
tleman's vote for the noticc as a reason for my vote
against it. All I said was, that I did not recognise
him as a party leader, and I would not follow him
as such.
As to my not relying on facts and arguments, I
will with confidence leave that question to the
House, that heard me; and I am willing that it
should decide which of us, in our speeches here,
are most m the habit of relying on facts and argu-
ments, the gentleman oi myself. From Avhut I
have said, it will be seen that the following addi-
tional allegations in the gentleman's speech are
equally unfounded. lie is reported to have said: \
44 To justify himself m the eyes of his constit-
4 ucnts for his separation fVom the Administration,
{ he referred to the fact that Jonsr ClrixcY Adams
4 was for this measure; and therefore he differed
4 from the Administration, and went against it."
Now, sh, i referred to the course of Mr. Adams,
as I have shown, for no .such purpose. I did not
attempt to justify myself to my constituents, by
referring to Mr. 'Adams, or in any other manner.
There is no difference of opinion among my con-
stituents on this question, and T need, with them,
no justification. The object of my speech cannot
be misunderstood I thought that an impression
was making on the public mind as to the character
of our title to Oregon, unpropitious to a contin-
uance of peace; and my object was, by a dispas-
sionate review of the whole question, to enable the
country to form a correct opinion as to the extent
of our rights. I will leave it to the House to
judge whether T accomplished my object.
The gentleman also says:
44 The gentleman (continued Mr. J.) read the
' extract from the speech of Mr. Adams, and the
4 inference was clear that he intended to make the
' impression on the minds of this House and the
4 country that it was made upon the question of
' notice, when that gentleman was distinctly op-
4 posing the bill, unless the notice were included
1 in it; and when they came to take the speech of
' the gentleman from Massachusetts at the last
'session, and his speech at the present session,
4 they found there was no discrepancy between the
4 two."
Now, sir, no such inference can be drawn from
my speech. The extract which 1 read from the
: speech o£the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
| Adams,] was not m connexion with the question
| of notice. I was not discussing that question at
| the time. But I read it in connexion with the
I subject of our preparation for war, and referred to
' it to show what the gentleman thought would be
j the consequence if we became involved in war. I
j did not suppose that the consequences of the war
| would be at all different, no matter what cause
; produced it. After showing in detail how little
! prepared we were for war, 1 said;
| "If, under these circumstances, we get into a
( 4 war with* her, what will be the result? The gen-
| 4 tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] told us
| £ at the last session what he thought it would be.
| 4 In speaking of the negotiation of the treaty which
j 1 wc are now asked to abrogate, he said :
j " 4 This was in 1818, when we had just come out
I 4 of a war which made us all think a great deal
