294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. %
' more of what war was, than, judging from the
' proposed action in this House on this bill, we did
• now. Take his word for it, if they did hit upon
• a war upon this subject, there would be thou-
• sands and millions of the people who would ask
' of their Government why they were at war.'
" Again in the same speech he said:
''' He believed, too, if we went to war in the rash
' way they were going to do, the result would be,
' that their antagonist would require greater sacri-
' fices of us than they now asked. Then would
' come the time when the people of this country
s would ask why we* went to war. Then would
' come the time to make sacrifices for the sake of
' peace; and we would not get the 49th, de-
• gree.' "
How, sir, so &r from its being a legitimate in-
ference from my speech, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] spoke against the
notice, I expressly stated that he proposed it. My
words are these:
" But we have been told again and again that
' the Texas and Oregon questions arc twin sisters,
' coupled together in the resolutions of the Balti-
'more convention; and that, as the Texas ques-
' tion had been consummated, such of us as at-
' tached importance to its success are now bound
' to aid in consummating the Oregon movement.
' The first answer to that is, that no one proposes
' to abandon Oregon. The only difference between
' us is as to the best means of securing it. We do
' not differ as (o the end, but only as to the means.
' In the second place, I utterly deny that this qnes-
' tion of giving notice was made at the Baltimore
' convention, or anywhere else, until it has been
' attempted, this winter, to be made a measure of
' the Democratic party. It was raised at the last
' session by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
' [Mr. Adams,] when we had just come out of our
'glorious party struggle, and when we were all
' fresh with its issues—ay, and at the time when
' we had just carried through the Texas resolu-
' tions. And at that time what course did the
'party take? Why, sir, the gentleman who led
' us then on that question—the present Governor
' of Tennessee (Mr. A. V. Brown)—absolutely
' denied the power of Congress to give the notice;
' and a proposition, moved by the gentleman from Alas-
«sachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] providing for giving it,
' was voted doivn by the Republican party. It is true,
' a similar one was aflerwaids adopted, but against
' the vote of the great mass of the party—the west-
' ern men particularly voting almost m a solid col-
' uffln against it. It .was adopted against eiglity-
' two votes in the negative, of whom only three
' were Whigs. Sir, it was not regarded then as a
' part of the Democratic creed, and I do not 1111-
' derstand how it has become so since. Notwith-
' standing all this, such of us as advocated the 1m-
' mediate admission of Texas, and now oppose
' giving this notice, are accused of inconsistency
' and bad faith. And the gentleman from Massa-
' chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and the gentleman from
' Maine, [Mr. Hamjjn,] seemed to refer with pe-
' culiar pleasure to this charge. Now, sir, in the
' first place, I deny there is any analogy in the two
' cases. In the case of Texas, the proposition was
'to admit her as a State into the Union; and we
' had every reason to believe, that if she was not
' admitted at once, she would be lost,,to us forever
' In the case of Oregon, there is no ground for ap-
' prehending that we will lose anything by delay;
' on the contrary, we believe we have everything
' to gain. We therefore deny the analogy, and the
' consequent charge of inconsistency. But do not
' these gentlemen see that, in charging us with in-
' consistency, they fix it upon themselves? Their
' course, on both occasions, has been exactly the
' reverse of ours. If, therefore, we have been in-
' consistent, they cannot have been consistent.
' We deny the analogy and the charge. But they
' admit the analogy in making the charge, and thus
' fix it indelibly upon themselves."
There are many other misrepresentations of my
course which I shall not stop to refer to. I will
refer to one other, and then I shall have done:
" They found that on the adoption of that amend-
' ment, (providing for giving the notice,) the hon-
«orable gentleman from Massachusetts voted for
' it, the 'honorable gentleman from Virginia voted
' against it; but when it was incorporated, and had
' become a part of the bill, on the final passage of
' the bill, where did the gentleman from Virginia
' stand ? Why, he was so determined not to be
' found with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
' right or wron°', that he flew the track; he would
' neither go behind nor before him; but he bolted,
' and did not vote at all."
Now this is a singular proof of my inconsisten-
cy. I vote this winter precisely as I did last, and
hence I am inconsistent! The gentleman seems
to think that consistency consists in uniformly vo-
ting with the party. It is not necessary for me to
say that such is not my view of it. But it seems
I did not vote against the passage of the bill. It is
true I was not in my scat at the time the vote was
taken, and such happened to be the fiict. But was
there any one here last winter who did not know
that I was opposed to the bill after the amendment
providing for giving the notice was adopted? I
was re-elected after 1 gave the vote, and with a full
knowledge on the part of my constituents that I
was opposed to terminating the convention of 1818.
And yet the gentleman from Tennessee attempts
to read me out of the party for meeting their ex-
pectation, and with me, nine others of the Virginia
delegation.
N<*v, air, in the first place, T deny the authority
of the gentleman to read me or any of my col-
leagues out of the party. Our position with the
party is not of such a doubtful character that he or
anybody else can cast suspicion upon our party
fidelity. Our services have not been so unimport-
ant that the paitv will surrender us willingly to
the opposition. "But if the gentleman had the
power of dm ing every man from the party who
differs with the President upon any subject, I
would bee; him to consider what would be the con-
sequence of his exercising it. He would com-
mence, I suppose, by reading out all who voted
| against the views of "the Executive on the Texas
| question; then, such of us as will not vote for
: giving the notice; next, all such as differ with it
about the reduction of the tariff; then, such as do
not ncrce with it about the sub-treasury; and
last, oil such as differ with it upon the subject of
internal improvements. And by the time he had
put all these, under the party ban, how would it
j standJ Its supporters would be a beggarly account
| of empty benches.
I Of all the questions to be made a test of party
! orthodoxy, this is the last. As-1 have said before,
! it is purely a question of expediency, involving no
j principle. But the gentleman says the questions
5 of the bank, the tariff, internal improvements, dis-
tribution, &c., may all be said to be questions of
expediency. Sir, I have no argument to address
to a democrat who takes such a view. I, at
least, had always thought that these questions were
something more than mere questions of expedi-
ency. 1 had always thought that they were ques-
tions involving principle, and principle of the most
vital character. Mr. B. concluded by thanking
the House for the indulgence it had extended to
him.
Mr. B. having concluded—
Mr. A. JOEINSON, on leave, spoke m reply,
disclaiming all intention of personal offence, but
adhering to his former statements in point of the
1 facts stated.
I Mr. BAYLY rejoined; and Mr. JOHNSON
! sur-rejoined.
! THE OREGON DEBATE.
| Mr. TIBBATTS offered a resolution in the
usual terms, providing that all debate in Commit-
! tee of the "Whole on the state of the Union, on the
' joint resolution of notice, should terminate on Mon-
; day next, the 9th instant, at half-past two o'clock.
I Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays on the
I adoption of the resolution.
' Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
; Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays;
\ which were ordered, and being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John GUiincy Adams,
Arnold, Aslimun, Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, Blanch-
ard, Milton Brown, Buffington, William W.
Campbell, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Collamer, Cranston, Crozicr, Culver, Cun-
ningham, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Dockery, John H. Ewing, Ficldin, Foot, Foster,
Gentry, Giddings, Graham, Grinnell, Harper,
Herrick, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, Hopkins,
J. W. Houston, E. W. Hubard, S. D. Hubbard,
Hudson, "Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Insersoll,
Jenkins, Seaborn Jones, D. P. King, Thomas
Butler King, Leake, Leib, Lewis, Long, McHen-
ry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, J. P. Martin, Miller,
Moseley, Parish, Payne, Perry, Phelps, Ramsey,
Rliett, Roberts, Julius Rockwelly John A. Rock-
well, Root, Rank, Russell, Scheftck, Severance,
Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Truman Smith, Al-
bert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stark-
weather, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Strong, Thi-
bodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson,
Tilden, Toombs, Towns, Tiredway, Trumbo,
Vance, Vinton, White, Wilmot, Winthrop, W ood-
ruff, Woodward, Wright, Yancey, and Young—
99.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Baker, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, William
G. Brown, Burt, John H. Campbell, Cathcart,
Chase, Chipman, Clark, Cobb, Cocke, Collin,
Cullom, Cummins, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, De
Mott, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsali, Erd-
man,Faran, Fries, Gordon, Grover,Hoge, Hough,
George S. Houston, Hungerford, James B. Hunt.,"
Charles J. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Lawrence, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Ma-
cfay, McClean, McClelland, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McCrate, McDowell, McKay, Barclay Mar-
tin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Norris, Perrill, Pol-
lock, Price, Rath bun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Sawtelle,
Sawyer, Scammon, Alexander X>. Sims, Thomas
Smith, Stanton, St. John, Sykes, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tibliatts, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Williams, Yell, and Yost—87.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER again announced the regular'
order of business.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. HARPER, on leave given, presented cer-
tain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio,
asking an appropriation for building a bridge across
the Ohio river; laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the orders of
the day.
OREGON.
But, on motion of Mr, G. W. JCKNES.the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution of notice.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON was entitled to the
floor, and addressed the committee during the
hour.
He did not know, he said, that he could at this
period of the debate commence his speech in a bet-
ter manner than by recapitulating the points upon
which he believed there was a common agreement
in this House. ,
He believed he might assume, then, first, that
they were all for Oregon—not defined by any par-
ticular limit—that they were all for Oregon. He
might assume, also, that they were all for peace.
The disposition of this committee, so far as it had
exhibited itself, was decidedly pacific. One gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wintiirop,]
who had addressed the committee at an early part
of this debate, had said that peace was always hon-
orable, and should be. He believed when he said
they were all for peace, the declaration must ba
qualified with the distinct proviso that peace can
be maintained consistently with our national rights
and our national honor. Some gentlemen had
shown a disposition not to avoid war—a readiness
to enter into a conflict if it became necessary in the
defence of those rights and of that honor; but at
the same time they have avowed their preference
for peace.
He assumed, as to the question of title, that
there was no difference upon that question as far as
49°; whatever differences there might be north of
that line, and south of 54° 40', our title up to 49°,
so far as gentlemen had expressed themselves, was
"clear and unquestionable." Between 49° and
54° 40' there seemed to be some difference; but the
more general, he might say the universal opinion
was, that ours was the better title up to 54° 10'.
For his own part he was willing to rest the ques-
tion of title on the able exposition of it in the letter
ofMr. Buchanan t8 Mr. Pakenham, of a late date.
i That letter, in his opinion, would be the means or
j handing his name down to all posterity, and would
: associate that name indissolubly with th$t vast
i country, within whose limits a teeming population
