1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
of enterprising American citizens would be found.
Then he contented himself on the question of title
with this assumption.
A^ain: He believed that the people of the Uni-
ted States demanded of them action. They were
all for action of some kind. This question "had
been the subject of discussion for nearly half a cen-
tury. It was in 1803, when we purchased Louis-
iana. At that time a treaty was concluded with
Great Britain, fixing the northern boundary of the
United States. , That treaty was rejected by the
Senate, so for as regarded the northern boundary,
and another treaty in 1807, on the same subject,
was also rejected; and, finally, in 1818, a conven-
tion was concluded, which was renewed in 1827—
the convention under which we were now acting.
The peoples have been watching the progress of
this long-protracted discussion; and in 1844 the
Democratic party declared themselves in favor of
Oregon. Upon almost every flag in the Union
were inscribed " Oregon and Texas;'' and James
K. Polk was elected. We liad now come to a
point where the people demand action. This
House—Congress must do something; must give
the people,an earnest of their intentions for Ore-
gon. It was idle to say they were for Oregon, and
yet do nothing towards asserting our rights to Or-
egon. He said, then, that action of some kind
was demanded of them; and he would be recre-
ant to his duty, and his constituents would hold
him to a strict account who refused to do some-
thing during this session in asserting our rights
to Oregon.
The great point, then, camo up, What shall be
done? It wax generally agreed in this House that
we should erect forts and block-houses to the
Rooky mountains; that we should establish Indian
agencics in the Oregon territory; that we should
have a mail reaching into the country of Oregon.
There was no doubt on these points. All these
things were to be done for the purpose of inducing
emigration to Oregon. But when our settlers got
there, the question was, What shall be done thoic ?
He believed the people of the United Suites de-
manded of them, if it could bo done in accordance
with our existing treaty stipulations, to give our
settlers there laws, home, protection; mid if we
could do this without violating our existing treaty
stipulations, this question might very properly
arise, What is the use of terminating the existing
treaty between us and Great Britain ? The ques-
tion, then, was, What steps shall be taken towards
encouraging emigration to that territory, and
affording our settlers there laws, homes, mid pro-
tection ? Now, if ho understood the matter, there
were two parties on this floor on this question, and
here was the dccided difference between them: one
party insisted that we must give the noticc in or-
der to terminate this treaty, in order to enable us
to do what they desired to do, what the people of
the United States demanded of them. And it they
could give this protection, (for he understood that
all who were opposed to the notice said they were
in favor of giving this protection, of building forts
in Oregon for the securing the rights of person and
of property of our settlers there, and for giving
them homes; for that was what they wanted, that
was what they left the United States for,) he insist-
ed that those who took the position that we could
afford this protection without giving the noticc,
were the war party in this House; he insisted that
the carrying out of this position would not only
bring us into war, but into an inglorious war, on
the hypothesis that we shall thus have acted in
bad faith—that we shall have acted in contraven-
tion of existing treaty stipulations.
Now, what were the exact words of the treaty
of 1818, as renewed in 1827? for, on the terms
of that treaty would depend our rights. And he
would explain the position he had taken in his
speech upon this question at the last session of
Congress. He then went against the notice, and
for the passage of the territorial bill, which se-
cured to the people of Oregon their rights, lie
did so on the belief at that time that the English
Government were making settlements in Oregon—
that they had extended the principles of the com-
mon law to their people in Oregon, and also that
they had actually carried out their views to this
extent for twenty years; and that we had the same
rights under the existing treaty between us. But
he found that the fact was now presented in a dif-
ferent light; and he would ask the gentleman from
Indiana, who spoke of the English settlements in
Oregon, how he explained the position of Mr. Bu-
chanan? Speaking of the Nootka Sound conven-
tion, in his letter to Mr. Pakenham, he says :
" Great Britain had never made any settlement
' on the northwestern coast of America, from the
' date of the Nootka Sound convention, until the
' 22d of February, 1819; nor, so far as the under-
' signed is informed, has she done so down to the
• present moment."
Great Britain, then, " had never made any set-
tlement." Those forts there, which the gentle-
man spoke of, were not the forts of Great Britain;
he meant they were not governmental forts. They
have been erected by that company which had li-
cense to trade, hunt and fish in that territory, in
order to carry out their purposes. The settlements
there made were made with thesame intent. There-
fore he was forced to the conclusion from the state-
ment of our negotiator himself in this expression,
(for all of us were bound by this expression,) that
Great Britain had mode no settlements in the ter-
ritory of Oregon. This statement, then, changed
his views on the subject. And in addition to this,
the President of the United States had expressed
the opinion in 1829 that we had no rights, no pow-
ers whatsoever, under the existing treaty stipula-
tions, to establish forts in Oregon; and he says m
his Message at the commencement of this session,
that it is "matter deserving the gravest delibera-
tion"—plainly noti-cnnumt tut on the question
whether we have the power, without violation of
our treaty stipulations, to make grants of land, or
to give promises of grunts of land, until the treaty
is terminated. In addition to this, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,| at an eaily
stage of this session, stated that tin- only rights
we had reserved to ourselves under the treaty were
the right.s of hunting, fishing, and navigation, and
the right of settlement, with a view to carry out
these objects. The opinion of Mr. Calhoun, also
—whose, opinion always had much weight with
him—was the same; he states emphatically that
under the existing tmity we have no right to
promise to grunt lands, and no right to grant lands
in that territory. In addition to this, there was a
large portion of the people of the United States
who had expressed their views through their or-
gans m the Senate, on several occasions, that we
have no right to grant lands, or to proim.se to grant
lands, under the existing treaty. And superadded
to all this, was the authority of the last Congress,
when lie (Mr. T.) believed the notice was unneces-
sary; yet the opposite opinion was taken, and the
notice was inserted. The opinion of the advo-
cates of the bill then was, that wo could neither
make grants, or promises of grants, of land, with-
out. first giving the notice and terminating the joint
occupancy. After all these opinions, thus ex-
pressed, by going forward and adopting these
measures without giving the notice, they would
certainly place themselves in the position of acting
equivocally on this subject—of attempting to ex-
ercise an authority over a territory while placed
in such circumstances by our own treatv stipula-
tions, as that we were not convinced that we had
the full right to do.
But he had before him an authority which seem-
ed to have considerable weight, because it was a
book published by order of both Houses of Con-
gress. [Mr. T. read a short extract from Green-
how's Oregon and California, on this point, taking
, similar views to the last authority referred to.]
i Here, then, (he said,) we had the opinion of our
: own writer—a gentleman appointed ],y ourselves
to collect all the opinions and authorities upon the
sub ject of Oregon—stating that we have no right
whatsoever to do what these gentlemen say they
are ready to do.
But he had ail authority which would have some
weight in this House, showing how this measure
of giving those laws and asserting these rights of
settlement will be viewed on the other side of the
water, and in the Parliament of Great Britain. He
quoted from the speech of Lord Palmerston, deliv-
ered in 18-13, in reference to the bill passed by the
Senate to extend the laws of Iowa over Oregon; to
give our settlers there justices of the peace, con-
: stables, and other officers; and promising that
1 when the title vested in the United States, we wo"uId
give them a good and complete title in that terri-
tory.
[Mr. T. read this extract,in which, among other
things, it was declared : " If this bill were to pass
into a law, it would be a declaration of war. It
would be an invasion and seizure of a territory in
dispute, by virtue of the decree of one of the par-
ties in its. own favor.-"]
Such (said Mr. T.) was the view taken by the
leader of one of the large parties in Great Britain.
How was it replied to by Sir Robert Peel, the head
of the other party?
[This extract declared that " the adoption of
that bill would be a cause of war."]
Here, then, (continued Mr. T.) is the pledge of
these two great parties in Great Britain, given
through the head of each, that to give our settlers
laws and homes (for our pecgple go there for no-
thing else than for cultivation of the soil and for
homes) would necessarily bring us into difficulty ,
that they would regard it as a violent seizure of
the disputed territory—as an open infraction of
the treaty—as a declaration of war. Do gentle
men suppose if we now pass this bill without giv
mg the notice that the Parliament of Great Brit
ain—that these distinguished statesmen—will not
again look on the subject in the same light?
And when reviewing the circumstances of the
case, lie (Mr. T.) must say that this view of the
question was plausible; for in 1818, be it remem
bered, our population was only 9,000,000, about
1,700,000 of whom were west of the Alleghany
mountains, and not more than 200,000 west of the
Mississippi. We had now advanced in 1846 to a
population of more than 20,000,000, 8,000,000 of
whom were, west of the Alleghany mountains, and
about 2,000,000 west of the Mississippi. We
then believed that there were no means of settling
Oregon without going round the Cape of Good
Hope. The Cape of Good Hope was almost an
impassable barrier. And there were many in 1824
who helieved that the Rocky mountains were the
nllma ihule of our Republic, and that it was im-
possible that there should be any other than an in-
dependent Government on the other side. But
since that time we had made the most rapid strides
in our means of easy and rapid intercommunica-
tion; steam had been applied more extensively;
r.tihonds had been constructed, and distant places
hnd been brought near to ono another. Since that
time we had discovered the South Pass at the head
of the T.a Platte; since that time we have seen our
citizens, without the aid of their Government,
upon their carts, carrying their little all, and pene-
trating those mountains, and through them they
hud made a wagon-way, and had actually made
settlements in the distant territory beyond them
At that time wo wanted the Oregon territory only
for hunting, fishing, and trading; now we want it
for (liO'ereiit purposes; and when we take a differ-
ent course to carry out these, purposes, we must
relieve ourselves from all difficulties; we must take a
course which is honorable, and in accordance with
our treaty stipulations.
He then insisted upon the proposition—he
thought he had proved it most clearly—that those
who went for this course of measures, and who
nevertheless refused the notice, would involve our
Government in war, and that in a most inglorious
way, in violation of our treaty stipulations. Take
the"right way—the course pointed out by thePres-
ident's Message : and if there was any course
which would lead us out of these difficulties, it
was that course alone. The President of the Uni-
ted States had taken this position; his Message had
gone out to the country, and had met with a gene-
ral acquiescence of views; and the Congress of the
United States were called to sustain those views—
to go forward to take the necessary steps to disen-
cumber ourselves from the burden of the treaty
into which we entered in former times, and to ena-
ble ourselves to give to our people the protection of
our laws to which they are entitled, and the homes
for which they emigrate. But to give the notice is
the manner in which this treaty can be terminated,
and it is the only manner. It is provided for by
the express stipulations of the treaty itself, which
provides that it shall continue only so long as both
of the parties desire it to continue. We can, then,
give it without reasons; there is no necessity for
specifying our reasons.
What, then, is the position of the parties?
Great Britain and the United States jointly occupy
the territory. All property is laid down in the
law-books under three divisions—possession, the
right of possession, and the right of property. In
what relation do we stand ? We have the right of
possession. This was clearly yielded to us in
1817, and this was assumed by our negotiator at
