1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
either of the contracting parties, in case either
should think fit at any time after the 20th of Octo-
ber, 1828, on giving due notice of twelve months
to the other contracting party, to annul and abro-
gate this convention; and it shall*in such case be
entirely annulled and abrogated after the expira-
tion of said term of notice: And whereas it is
thought fit on the part of the United States to an-
nul and abrogate said convention:
Be it therefore enacted by the Senate and Home of
Representatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said convention shall
be annulled and abrogated at the expiration of
twelve months after the date of the delivery to the
government of Great Britain of the due notice re-
quired to be given.
Be U further enacted, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized and required,
in such solemn and respectful mode as he may
deem proper, to cause the said due notice to be
given m the name of the United States, one of the
contracting parties, to the government of Great
Britain, the other contracting party.
Be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
enabling die President to comply herewith at as
early a day as he may think advisable, there be
appropriated a sum not exceeding dollars,
to5 be used, if necessary, and to be paid out of any
money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated;
but nothing in this act is intended to interfere with
the right and discretion of the proper authorities
of the two contracting parties to renew or pursue
negotiations for an amicable settlement of the con-
troversy respecting the Oregon territory.
The SPEAKErl said that the question would
be on leave to introduce the bill.
And no objection having been made, the bill was
read a secona time by its title.
Mr, DROMGOOLE moved that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that it be printed.
Mr. McCONNKLL desired to move to strike
out all that portion of the bill which related to ne-
gotiations.
The SPEAKER said amotion to amend the bill
was not now in order. The motion was to commit.
And the question havingbeen taken, th'  bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
RELATIONS WITH MEXTCO.
Mr. ASHMUN asked and obtained leave at this
time to offer the following resolution; which was
read for information :
Resolved,, That the President of the United States
be requested to corrimunicate to the House of Rep-
resentatives any information in his possession not
heretofore communicated which affects the relations
existing between the United States and the Repub-
lic of Mexico, and particularly whether the army
or navy of the United States, or any part of either,
has been ordered to move towards that repubhe,
and what occurrences have come to the knowl-
edge of the President to require such a movement,
provided the information can, in his opinion, be
communicated without detriment to the public in-
terest.
Mr. HOUSTON suggested that this resolution
must lie over one day.*"
The Speaker assented.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, in order to consider the resolution at this
time.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked leave to offer a
resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER desired a similar privilege.
Mr. MeCONNKLL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion (at first apparently rejected) was
finally decided by tellers; the vote standing, ayes
70, noes 60.
OREGON.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tib-
batts, of Kentucky, in the chair,) ana resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution of notice.
Mr. LEAKE was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour. He
directed a considerable portion of his remarks to
the vindication of the State of Virginia and of her
representatives on this floor from the charge which
had been brought against them and against her, of
a departure from the ancient republican faith. He
then passed on to some of the considerations which
induced him to oppose the joint resolution ofno-
tice. He would not enter into an examination of
the merits of our title; it would be a work of su-
pererogation so to do after the discussion which
the subject had received here, and after the lucid
exposition of our claim which had been put forth
by Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Buchanan. He declared
his belief that our title up to forty-nine and a half
was clear and unquestionable, and he held it also
as good against England up to 54° 40'. He should
therefore pursue such a course as m his opinion
would be best calculated to secure our rights to the
whole country, and to bring the controversy to an
amicable adjustment. He did not think that to
give this notice was the best course that could be
adopted to accomplish our object. He believed
that it would lead to war, since, if it was given, it
must either be followed up by ulterior action, or
must have the appearance of mere bravado on the
part of this nation. He believed that the notice
would be an inseparable barrier in the way of ne-
gotiation. He was in favor of adopting such a
course of policy as was fairly open to us without
a violation of the convention, and which, looking
to the rate at which emigration had been going on
for two years post, would in a short time soon
place us in a condition to repel any aggression that
might there be made on our rights.
[This speech will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. STRONG then obtoined the floor, and
spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman*: It is not my purpose to occupy
the attention of the House duiing the brief period
allotted to me. Though I have made an effort, in
common with others for several days past, to ob-
tain the floor, and hitherto without success, I have
done so not m accordance with either my inclina-
tion or my judgment. Personally 1 have felt great
reluctance in obtruding myself upon the attention
of the committee; but, coining as I do from one of
the largest States of the confederacy, it is meet
and proper that her citizens should be heard, at
least occasionally, through hei representatives in
this hall, on a question decland on all sides to be
of more importance than any that, has engaged the
attention of the House and the country for many
years. Whatever, theiefore, of personal reluc-
tance I may feel to engage in this debate, still, be-
lieving that the people of the State of New York,
and particularly those of the district which I have
the honor, and which it is my pride, to represent,
will expect and require from their servants here
something more than a mere silent vote, I shall
conform to their supposed wishes and expectations
with great cheerfulness, however imperfectly the
duty may be performed. The House will there-
fore allow me, as I trust, to suite very briefly what
I believe to be the views and sentiments of a great
majority of the people of the State of New York,
and especially those who sent me here, in relation
to the great issues involved m this discussion. In
doing this, I shall not attempt to arrange and put
in order the facts and arguments which may be
brought to bear upon the one side of the question
or the other, to set them in measuied phrases, or
to express them in beautifully-rounded periods.
We have been entertained for may days with fine
specimens of eloquence and of oratory, and have
listened by the hour to splendid declamation. The
House has been sometimes enlivened by brilliant
sallies of wit, and at others, the harsher tones of
crimination and recrimination have fallen upon the
ear. But, with great deference, I may ask whether,
in these flights of fancy and of the imagination, in
these offensive personal allusions, and attempts to
excite sectional jealousies, and array one part of
the "Union against another, the understanding of
the House has been enlightened, or its judgment
informed. It really does seem to me, sir, that with
few exceptions, which it would be invidious to
particularize, and, notwithstanding this protracted
debate, the various subjects under consideration
are much in the same state as they were after the
President's Message and the accompanying docu-
ments were first laid upon our tables, and that,
with these exceptions, very little additional infor-
mation has been elicited, or light thrown upon the
subject-matter of the debate. Neither can I claim
that I have anything new to offer, and propose
little more than to present the question in its sim-
plest form, and to state the reasons why I shall
give my ^ote in favor of the notice to Great Brit-
ain to terminate this joint occupation, or joint in-
terest, or whatever it may be called. For this
purpose, I refer to the President's Message, and
particularly to the following passages :
" The extraordinary and wholly inadmissible de-
4 mands of the British Government, and the re-
jection of the proposition made in deference alone
1 to what had been done by my predecessors, and
4the implied obligation which their acts seemed to
' impose, afford satisfactory evidence that no com-
4 promise which the United States ought to accept
' can be effected. With this conviction, the propo-
' sitionpf compromise which had been made and
' rejected, was, by my direction, subsequently with-
* drawn, and our title to the whole Oregcm territory
4 asserted, and, as believed, maintained by irrefra-
gable facts and arguments."
" All attempts at compromise having failed, it
4 becomes the duty of Congress to consider what
* measures it may be proper to adopt for the secu-
' rity and protection of our citizens now inhabiting,
4 or who may hereafter inhabit, Oregon, and for
' the maintenance of our just title to that terri-
4 tory."
44 This notice it would, in my judgment, be proper
4 to give; and I recommcnd that provision be made
* by law for giving it accordingly, and terminating
* in this manner the convention of the 6th of Au-
* gust, 1827."
" Beyond all question, the protection of our laws
4 and our jurisdiction, civil and criminal, ought to
' be immeuietely extended over our citizens in Ore-
' gon. They have had just cause to complain of
4 our long neglect in this'particular.
"At the end of the year's notice, should Congress
4 think it proper to make provision for giving that
* notice, we shall have reached a period when the
4 national rights in Oregon must either be abandoned or
* firmly maintained. That they cannot be abandoned
4 without a sacrifice of both national honor and interest,
* is too char to admit of a doubt.
" Oregon is a part of the North American con-
' tinent, to which it is confidently affirmed the litle
' tf the United Stales is the best now in existence.
4 For the grounds on which that title rests,1 refer you
' to the correspondenceof the late and presentbec-
' retary of State with the British Plenipotentiary,
4 during the negotiation. The British proposition
4 of compromise, which would make the Columbia
' the line south of forty-nine degrees, with a trifling
4 addition of detached territory to the United States
4 north of that river, and would leave on the British
4 side two-thirds of the whole Oregon temitory,including
* the free navigation of the Columbia, and all the valua-
4 ble hmbors on the Pacific, can never for a moment be
4 entertained by the United States, without an abandon-
4 ment of their just and clear tcrntoi'ial rights, their own
4self-respect, and the national honor."
Now, sir, when the President has thus defined
what he means by the 44 Oregon territory," in such
explicit terms, and has declared that our title to it
is beyond all question, and that to abandon it is to
give up our 14 just and clear tenitorial rights, our
own self-respect, and the national honor," is it not
marvellous to hear gentlemen contend on this floor
that there is nothing in the President's Message
which goes to assert our claim to Oregon beyond
the 49th parallel of latitude? But the President
does not stop here; he refers us to the 44 correspond-
ence of the late and present Secretary of State"
with the British minister, for the grounds of our
title to the "Oregon territory." In that corres-
pondence, and in the letter of the present able
Secretary, I find the following sentences:
44 The undersigned again remarks, that it is not
4 his purpose to repeat the argument by which his
4 predecessor, Mr. Calhoun, has demonstrated the
4 American title to the entire region drained by the
4 Columbia river and its branches. He will not thus
' impair its force."
4i Upon the whole, from the most careful and
' ample examination which the undersigned has
' been able to bestow upon the subject, he is satis-
4 fied that the Spanish American title now held by
' the United States, embracing the whole territory
4 between the parallels of 42 deg-rees and 54 degrees
' and 40 minutes, is the best title in existence to this
4 entire region; and that the claim of Ch-eat Britain to
1 any portion of it has no sufficient foundation. Even
' British geographers have not doubted our title
4 to the territory in dispute.
^" Notwithstanding such was, and still is, the opin-
1 ion of the President, yet, in the spirit of compro-
