300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
4mise and concession, and in deference to rhe ac- !
4 tion of bis predecessors, the undersigned," <fcc>
" Such a proposition as that which'has been made
1 never -would kavt been authorized by the President had
1 this been a new question."
- 44 Under these circumstances, the undersigned is
' instructed by the President to say, that he oxces %t
4 to his own country, and a just appreciation of her
4 title to the Oregon te-nntory, to withdraw the"prop-
4 osition to the British Government."
These extracts place the nature of our claim to
the Oregon territory in so clear a point of view,
and define the extent of that claim in such explicit
and precise terms, as to leave no room for doubt or
cavil. What further evidence have we as to our
title to Oregon ? In a debate in the Senate, on the
Ashbuiton treaty, a distinguished Senator, Colo-
nel Benton, m speaking of Oregon declared it to
bo—"A country equal in extent to the Atlantic por-
4 turn of the oltl thirteen States ; superior m cli-
4 mate, sod and configuration; adjacent to the great
' valley of the Mississippi, fronting Asia, holding
(the key of the north Pacific ocean, the only coun-
4 try fit for colonization on the extended coast of
4 northwest America; a country which belongs to the
' United States by a title as char as their title to the
'District of Columbia.
It is for the "rent. IIest to
' bee that no traitorous treaty shall abandon it to
'Great Britain, Contented wuh her possession,
4 Great BrLini wants delay, that tune may ripen pos-
i session into title, and fortunate events facilitate her
4 designs. My colleague and myself icerc sounded on
4 on this point. Our answer forbade the belief that
4 we would compromise or sacrifice the rights and hi-
c Uresis of our country; and this may have been the
4 reason why we've no formal negotiations in reia-
' tion to it. Had wc been soft enough, there might
*• have been an agicement to divide our country by
4 tne river, or to refer the whole title to the decision of
' a fi baldly soveieign."
Governor Wright., of New York, during the
cam ass of IS 11, declared at a public mooting, be- !
fore thousuids, " that our title to Oregon was as I
clear to his mind as that the State of New York !
was a part of the fcdcial Union." I
Mr. Chairman, the rights and claims of the
United States to Oregon have been before the !
American people, and made a subject of investi^a- |
tion and reflection by them for years. So matured j
was the public mint! upon this very question, that I
in May, 1844, when delegates fiom every part of |
the Union met in Baltimore for the puiposc of:
nominating a candidate for President and Vice
President, to be supported by the democratic par-
ty, those delegates, thus assembled in convention,
drew up a declaration of principles, framed with
great circumspection and care, and published them
m the shape of resolutions, as the political need of
the democratic party, to the maintenance and sup-
port of which those candidates were solemnly ;
pledged when they accepted the nomination. They j
were elected upon the stiength and by virtue of the j
principles thus promulgated. Amongst those re- j
solutions, the following stands conspicuous: (
" Resolved, That the title of the United States to ]
' the territory of Oregon being unquestionable, we j
4 hold it to be the bounden duty of our Governments \
4 as we believe it to be the sentiment of the united .
' democratic party, that this territory should be pre- j
'served entire and undivided; that no part of it j
' should be surrendered to any foreign power, but that
4 early and effectual provisions should be made by
4 Iua for Us complete occupation, and for the protec-
£ tion and security of our citizens now settled in and
4 emigrating to if."
.Nobly and truly has our excellent and worthy
President stood by those who elected him, and
fulfilled his duty to the letter. The first opportu-
nity which he had, officially, to declare his opin-
ions, he seized upon the occasion to repeat the al-
ready expressed sentiments and views of the Amer-
ican people, and m his Inaugural Address employ-
ed the very language of thc^Baltimore convention,
when he asserted that the title of the United Stales
to Oregon was " clear and unquestionableThe
same views and opinions are repeated in his mes-
sage, with the strongest confidence in their cor-
rectness, and after the most mature and careful ex-
amination, together with the fact—which I con-
fess, Mr. Chairman, took me by surprise, and I
do not yet quite understand it—that a compromise
had been offered on the forty-ninth parallel, and
rejected by the British Government. I do not
blame the President for causing that offer to be
made: I am glad that it was made, and that it was
rejected. I do not believe, if that oflcr had been
accepted by the British Government, and a treaty
made and even ratified by the Senate, that the peo-
ple of the United States would have approved or
sanctioned it. My belief is, that such a treaty
would have ruined, sooner or later, every public
man who had anything to do, either in its forma-
tion or ratification; for it would have been in defi-
ance of the clearly-expressed will of the people,
and a sacrifice, of their 4k clear and unquestionable
territorial rights," as well as of the 14 national
honor and interest."
Who doubts our title to Oregon—the whole of
Oregon ? Is there anv one in this House? I do
not know the man. Why compromise on latitude
49? That would leave, says the President, if the
Columbia be adopted south of where that line
crosses it, two-thirds of the whole territory on the
British side, including all the valuable harbors on the
Pacific. It is well known that the most important
harbois, coasts, and inlands, in Oicgon, are be-
tween latitude 47° and 54° 40'. The Power that
shall permanently possess this portion of the Pa-
cific coast, together with the northern half of Up-
per California, will ultimately command the com-
merce of the world, and that at no very distant
period. Whv surrender any portion of our own
Oregon'—and surely last of'all the most import-
ant part—the key to the whole. No, sir; I go for
the whole, every foot of it. Though of mature
years, I confess myself young in the business of
legislation: and yet, sir, it docs not seem to me
so very complicated and difficult a matter. I ask j
myself what is clearly and plainly right. If I can j
see that, my unsophisticated mind leads me to pur- j
sic. it, without stopping to count the cost, or to |
calcuhuc the consequences. I have been taught
and behexe in the trite maxim that honesty is the
ji best, policy, in the long run, and m every position
'■ and condition m life.
[: It is said this notice will produce war. If by
I! this is meant that, should Great Britain persist
h in her piesent attitude and demands in relation to
H Oregon, war must ultimately result, the proposi-
I tion is self-evident. But this assumes what I do
! not believe that she will do. Her interest must
I impel her to a different course, and therefore I do
i not believe it. But at all events, and whatever
| may be the consequences, the people of the Um-
| ted'States will stand by and sustain their Presi-
i dent in niaintainiinr their own just rights. Will
i the men who defined these rights at the Baltimore
[ convention, and presented them to the Pcsident
I at his nomination a1* a rule of conduct in case of
i his election, and which was accepted by him,now
I hesitate to support him, when honestly and faith-
fully performing duties which they themselves
enjomed upon him to perform, as the conditions
upon which they would support him? I am not
prepared to see this strange inconsistency.
Mr. Chairman, this argument of war against the
gi\ing of the notice I am sony to hear. It is out
of place. It is the argument of our enemy. Ne-
cessarily the same language is used by both, and
from thi1 lips of an American they grate upon my
ear. Even this question about a compromise is
all a British argument, intended for effect, so far
as England is concerned, in order to get the best
bargain possible in theend. Great Britain lias no
idea of fighting us, but she is great at diplomatic
bargains. A huh; aid on this side of the water,
although it may not be designed, is always of es-
sential service to her. Sir, in a war Cheat Btiiain
has much more to fear than wc ha\c, and infinitely
more at stake. An unsettled population at borne—
restive, unquiet, unmanageable—already influen-
cing, through public sentiment, the action of her
strong and energetic Government against its wishes
and its will—Europe, reposing under a long peace,
full of combustible materials, and imbued with
the seeds of republican principles, which a trifle
would ignite and blow into a flame—Ireland, un-
der centuries of oppression, ready to take advan-
tage of any commotion to better her condition, or
throw off the yoke of dependence—Canada, ready
for revolt, and anxious to relieve herself from co-
lonial vassalage—these arc some of the certain
j consequences to follow in a war with the United
l States. We are told of the immense and over-
j whelming power of Great Britain, and of the weak-
j ness and unprcparedness of the United'States for
' war. Sir, it is not so. Circumstances were never
more unfavorable for her, or more favorable for
H
us, if war must eome, than ntfw. We have the
finest material for an army and navy in theworld,
as well of men as of everything else, ready at our
hands. We should have, if not a superior naval
force to Great Britain, at least enough to destroy
her commerce, her right arm upon the ocean. We
are far better prepared to meet her in arms than in
1812, or than ever before. Upon this 'subject I
wish to institute a comparison; In 18l£, the
American navy consisted of 42 national vessels,
carrying in all 454 guns, and 2,294 men. In ad-
dition, we had 228 private armed vessels, mount-
ing from 2 to 22 guns each—in all 1,906 guns, and
carrying 8,074 men. Great Britain had982armed
vessels,nearly one-half of which were line'-of-bat-
tic ships. Yet, notwithstanding this disparity of
force, the enemy lost, in "the course of two-and-a-
half years, 2,360 merchant vessels—more than she
lost during her long war with France from 1792 to
the battte of Waterloo, in 1815.
In 1845, the American navy consisted of 76 na-
tional vessels; and in the event of hostilities we
should have at once, at the least, 500 private armed
vessels. Great Britain has only 274 sailing ves-
sels of all kinds, carrying froVn two guns and up-
wards. To this, add 100 steamers, and the sum
total of her naval force is counted. I have sajd
nothing of any steamers on our side, though it is
obvious that we should be able to combat-our en-
emy with the same weapons that she can wield
against us. What, then, have we to fear that our
enemy must not fear more? It is with pain and
uneasiness, therefore, that I hear gentlemen object
to gi?nig this notice because war may be the pos-
sible or probable consequence, even if they really
think so. Why tell us that our cities will be laid
waste and burnt to ashes, or put under contribu-
tion to swell the coffers of the victors? Why tell
us that the fanatic abolitionist will turn traitor to
his country, and, uniting with Christian and phi-
lanthropic England, instigate the slaves of the
South to rapine, plunder, conflagration, and mur-
der, and at the same time dare to invoke the name
of the Deity and the Redeemer of the world to
bless and prosper their efforts!? Sir, this is too
horrible. But we are told, too, that the President
will not be sustained by his own friends—that
they will "back out."' I do-hot believe this, but
I am sorrv to hear it on this floor, because this,
too, like the line of compromise, comes from our
enemies, and is but echoed here. As proofof this,
I read an extract from the London Examiner of
December (j:
44 The views of Mr. Polk are evidently those of
4 personal illustration. Not being an orator, and
1 having little to do as a domestic statesman, Jack-
4 son having already discomfited the moneyed aris-
' tocracy, he has chosen the Oregon to crown his
£ trophy, and we may expect that he will persevere
4 in the aim. The chief thing to be considered is,
£ how far ho will be supported. There is nothing
4 which the Americans are more opposed to than
4 the fact of any one man carving importance and
4 eminence for himself. They will not go to war
4 in order to make Mr. Polk a hero. But the west-
< era and wild States have an indomitable desire to
4 be the sovereigns of the continent, and to extend
4 their influence to the Pacific as well as to the At-
Mantic. As the United States now exist, these
4 States are, as the French say, 1 in the end of a
' bag,' some passage to them, none through them.
4 Were the empire and the high road of politics
4 and commerce opened to the Pacific, they would
4 form its centre. They insist, therefore, on the
4 Oregon and on California. But what do the
4 Southerns and Northeastcrns say to this fixed
4 purpose of Mr. Polk and of the West? Hitherto
f the Southerns and the Westerns have gone to-
4 gether. The one slave-employing, the other slave-
4 rearing, both a greed in the matter of Texas, and
4 indeed hitherto in almost all great questions of
4 policy. Now, however, the South and the West
* begin to fall asunder. The 5 Genevese Traveller,*
4a shrewd observer, who writes from America in
4 the Times, remarks and records the:fact. The
'Southerns support but lukewarmly the extreme
4 ardor and pretensions of Polk. The Oregon, they
4 admit, is desirable, especially^ the 49th degree;
4 but the present attainment or more is not worth a
4 war with Great Britain, which would be a result
' contrary to both their interests and tastes. "If the
4 New York people wer§ as disinclined "to war as
4 the southern planters/they would ce put an
4 extinguisher upon the martial ii&hiigs of Mr.
