1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
' principles should be fully and faithfully carried
' out.
"Resolved, That we approve of the doctrines
' and sentiment* contained in the Message of Fres-
' ident Polk; that they are such as "were put forth
'by the Baltimore convention, and such as the
' democracy are pledged to abide by.
" Resulted, That we have read with pleasure the
' unanswerable arguments of the President and
' Secretary of State in favor of the American title
' to the Oregon territory up to 54° 40' north lati-
' tude; and that we are in favor of giving to Great
' Britain notice that the United States wish to ter-
' minate the joint occupancy, trusting to the jus-
'tice of our claim and the proof upon which it
' rests, to shield us from any imputation affecting
* the national honor.
" Resolved, That {he readmission of Texas to
1 the American Union is a measure calculated in
' its consequences to strengthen the nation, add to
' its general prosperity, and, with the possession
' and settlement of Oregon, to rear up a free people
' and their institutions upon a territory extending
' from ocean to ocean, .secure from the baleful in-
1 ' flucnco of European tyranny, and tliat^ those
ji ' representatives of trie people who voted for the
.onchm I1 ' consummation of the measure arc entitled to the
' approval of the democracy.
" Resolred, That the establishment of an inde-
' pendent treasury, unconnected with banks; for
' the safe-keeping ot'tlie public money, is required
1 by the people, nud would he salutary hi its inftu-
' el'lce upon all the great interests of Itte country.
" Rnohed, That we are hi favor of siteh a tariff
' as shall lessen the burdens of the people, furnish
' reveiruc for the Hippoi t of go\ et i unci it, mid afford
' the requisite ineideu tal protei! ion to Ameucaa m-
' tercsts and products e iiidusirv."
I need not stop to tell yon of the area! interest";
which she has involved in the question of peace or
war—of her agricultural, commercial and manutiic-
furing wealth—her numerous population, great re-
sources,and conceded power. Neitherisit necessa-
ry that I should boast of the intelligence of her sons,
1 of their chivalry or deeds m arms, JtH enough
that she is i ohm ious of her own woitli.and power,
and consequence, and liin -vv s how to pi cm rv e 11 rem
all. lint she is also true and faithful m the support
I of the lights of other .States—true to the Constitu-
| (ion, true to the Union, true to the country and
the whole country; and on this question, 1 venture
to predict, ns on all others, will sustain, with all
her influence, the present Administration of the
General Government.
Mr. SAWYER obtained the floor, and [having
left lii.s usual seat at the right of the .Speaker, and
crossed over, taking an unoccupied plm-e at the
Speaker's loft, which portion of the Hall is " set-
tled" more generally by the Whig members of the
Bouse] he addressed the committee :
I have come, Mr. Chairman, (said he,) to locate
myself over here, in British Oregon. Jl" you fancy
the Columbia river passing down the main isle, I
take a stand on the north sitlc of that river, right
in the centre of the British settlements; and 1 here
plant myself, under the constitution and laws of
my country, and from this 1 do not intend to be
driven away. And I discover. Air. Chairman, that
a good many of the settlers here have dispersed,
[referring to several vacant seats around him :|
they have gone away, and vacated their farms; 1
have taken possession, and here I intend to keep
possession. I then limy be inferred to take my
stand, in reference to this question, for the whole
' Polk. The Whigs are so indeed,and they have
•just Spoken most' potently and eloquently by the
' mouth of Mr. ^ebster. The Whigs, however,
' are confined not only to tlie educated classes, but
' to the elder members of those classes. There is
' a 'Young America' among the Whigs, which
4 has deserted and turned against them, or at least
' remained neutral on the last Presidential election;
' and this is, the source of much pathos and regret
' on the pari.of Webster.' A'std Uiemob,theDem-
' ocrats, ths'Irisbry, they are, of course, for arow;
•and even the very Whigs themselves, though
' they deprecate -war, desire Oregon. The Oregon
' is, in fact,"a second Sew England—barren,mari-
1 time, commanding an ocean, and the point of
' communication from its own continent to conti-
' nents beyond that ocean. Oregon may one day
' be in the West what New England now is in the
< East—the great comrrfercial capital, the seat of
' trade and manufactures, of intellectual activity
' and influence, the moral counterbalance to the
' aristocratic and physical propensities of the South.
«It is no wonder that the acquisition of the Oregon
' is popular even at. Boston, and that Daniel Web-
' ster himself insists on having it to the 49th dc-
' gree "
In this connexion, I read from the I
Times of the 3d instant an extract in relation to a '
compromise on the parallel of 49°. I need not ;
stop to remind the House that the Times is more :
than the semi-official organ of the British Govern-
ment. But here it is:
" We think, then, that every purpose of both
i honor and interest would be answered if the Brit-
' ish Minister, on whom now devolves the duty of
' making fresh proposals to the Government of the
' United States, were to renew on his part the offer !
'made to England by Mr.'Gallatin in the Prcsi- 1
' dency and under the direction of Mr. Admns.^
' That, proposal was to take the 49th degns of
' north latitude as far as tlie sea as boundary line,
' reserving to Great Britain Vancouver's island,
' the harbor of St. Juan de Fuca, and the free itav-
' igatiori of the Columbia."
So that gentlemen who oppose this notice, and
talk about war and its consequences, and thieiiten
tlie President with the opposition of his friends,
may see that they are completely forestalled in
their remarks, and are merely repenting the. lan-
guage of the British press. 1tho coincidence is no
doubt accidental, but it is nevertheless striking mid
painfid. And here, sir, I will not be deterred from
doing justice to gentlemen usually found opposed
to a Democratic Administration, and who on this
great national question are, on-the side of their
country. First m their rank stands the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts,- so often alluded to
fn this debate, and to whom the term venerable, is
so well applied. He is indeed so—venerable from
age, from enlarged experience, and from his long
and important public services. Sir, there are tew i
such men living. I have not been an admirer of
all his public acts J I do not subscribe to his politi-
cal creed; I do not belong to the same nolit ic.-d par-
ty; but for his conduct on this, as well as on other
occasions, he has niy respect and the homage due j
to hist eminent public and private worth, i know, '
sir, it has been said that tlie Whigs who go for the
notice see in it consequences, as they think, fa-
vorable to the establishment of their peculiar doc-
trines, and the ultimate success of their party and
its principles. Such may be their views; but I
will give them credit for their acts without ini-^ ^   ^   ^     
pugning or doubting the correctness and fairness ;j Oi-egmrup to 54° '1(1': and 1 am'not. willing to
of their motives'. So long as they act m accord- Mlncniier any portion of it. And the reason why
ance with my principles and my notions of right, t j (]o ;s 1K)t l)ahC,i „„ ully fl)lmit tR,.lty Rti
they shall have my applause. , lotion; hut it is a right, as I conceive, which we
Mr. Chairman, 1 have thus given my views, but ji;- vc independent of any treaty stipulation.
very imperfectly, upon the important subject now ; Tlll. „entieman from Aiassaclmsert*, [Mr. Wnr-
uuder discusssion. I believe I have spoken the ■ who spoke in the early port of this de-
sentiments of my constituents, and repre.seliied^ re-, asked, very Sf^iniienr'ly, v/iiei'e v,v tind our
truly those of a great majority ot the jicopio of,! (;(j;1 to ;;,js territory, ami whether it may not be
the State of New York. On this subject 1 do not 'j foulu[ some corner of Adam's will. I answer
speak without authority. At a county convention, ij j)mli om- title dates further back ; it is of a prior
composed of delegates from every town, held at . jt fomes from a period before Adam's dust
Norwich, in the county of Chenango, on the _8th .; Vi(;,>shioned into man. We received our rights
ultimo, only a few days ago, tlie following resolu-
tions were unanimously adopted:
" Resolved, That, in the election of James K.
'Polk to the presidency, there was a triumph of,
' great Democratic principles over their Federal op- j
from high Heaven—froni destiny, if you please
In the course of events—in the bringing forward
and carrying out this destiny—one Christopher
Columbus was sent across the ocean to survey out
partially this country; and here we have taken
'posites; and that it is due to the people and to i| possession; here we have established the seat of
Democratic party of the Umon that those ]j empire,-where the principles of pure republicanism
and democracy shall finally prevail. Well; fur-
ther on, in tlie course of time, there was one
George Washington; lie came forward, and lo-
cated his family on this land; and we contend,
from this location—from this early settlement, un-
der the guidance of destiny-—we have the right, to
every inch of this island, if-you please to call it
so; or, if other words suit better, this continent.
We have the right from high Heaven to all of it—
every inch of it. -
Now there are several things considered argu-
ments in this question. I have been trying for the
last two or three weeks, occasionally, to get the
floor; but owing to my extreme honesty, being a
very modest man, I do not like to enter into the
arena and lesort to those means which are neces-
sary in order to g-et the floor. Other influences
have, brought themselves up to prevent me from
getting tlie Hour. One, of them is this system of
explaining speeches which need explanation, by
which the morning hour is consumed by gentle-
men in making explanations, criminating and re-
criminating each other. A gieat deal of time is
| thus consumed. I do not expcct to consume my
: hour; and I have tried for the last tv, o or three
days to get the Jloor, to move that a halt hour be
, occupied hencofoith by gentlemen who spcalc.
! Well, I hope this maybe proposed hereafter and
j adopted, as I discover there are certain other in-
| gredients besides talent requisite to get the floor,
j and to obtain ascendency m this House. I may
' lie compelled. Mr. Chairman, from the necessity
j of the case, after I have been here a while, to adopt
these same things. I intend to he heard. I have
i a set of constituents as independent as 1 profess to
be; and they expect me to have my rights, and I
■ shall have them, even if I have to resort to this
; course of proceeding.
There are divers' ways now proposed by gentle-
men on this floor whereby the Oregon question
i may he settled. 1 will not undertake to argue the
1 constitutional question, because rertain gentlemen
here might say, as was said m olden times, thnt a
blacksmith was not a proper person to mend
watches, and a farmer has no business vvith his
I hu"e paws on the statute book. For this reason,
! and till- the Anther reason that it has been well ar-
?„Mird, I will say nothing on tins port of the ques-
tion. 1 shall "then be found leolying to certain
! arguments of gentlemen in my brief, curious way
i of doing business.
| The word •' war " has come into every speech;
| and tlmt appears to deter gentlemen torn doing
; what, they would do, were it not for the fear of
j war Willi'Great Britain. Well, that shall not, enter
, into the motives that, will govern me at all in the
decision to which I shall come, and ill the, argu-
ments which I shall use. I do not care one cent
whether the English declare war against us or
not_not one c< nt. 1 believe wc, are right. Thus
believing, 1 shall jiroeced to do what I consider to
be my riiihl—to take my rights, and to maintain
my rights, independent, of future consequences.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Le vke,]
who was on the floor this morning, takes to task
some gentlemen of the Itcmocratic party who
i have spoken heretofoie m favor of the notice, in
1 relation to their votes on this question at the last
' session of Congress, and has shown that they
! voted against certain propositions on the subject
j of Ore on. I will undertake to show you, and
1 that gentleman, how it is, and why it-was, Uiat
I they voted against these measures at that time;
i and I shall do it by quoting from the speech of
I the honorable gentleman "from Massachusetts,
j [Mr. Wi\'Tiihof,] who spoke in the early part of
! this debate. I have before me the debates on this
i subject at the last session of Congress, and I will
[ lead certain parts of the gentleman's speech on
j that occasion, to show an arguinent that was all-
' powerful in this Hall, and winch will justify the
gentlemen whom the gentleman from Virginia has
t arraigned, or any other gentleman, for votinff, as
they did, against the, notice, and against the bill at
that particular time. The gentleman goes on to
say:
"Indeed, sir, this whole proceeding is, in my
'judgment, eminently calculated to impede and
' embarrass the negotiations in which tlie two
'Governments are employed. We have received
' authentic assuiances tlmt these negotiations have
* not yet failed, that they are still in progress, and
' that a communication in regard to them may be
' expected from the Executive before the close of
