302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
* the present session. Why not wait for this com-
* municaiion ? Why insist on taking any steps in
1 the dark, when, in a few weeks, at the most, we
i shall be able to act advisedly, and to sec clearly,
4 the ground on which we are treading?"
That, sir, was the reason urged then by that
gentleman, and by several other gentlemen, why
this bill should not be passed, and why this reso-
lution should not be passed—because negotiations
were going on, and bccause a new Piesident had
been elected, and this negotiation would, m all
probability, be again opened; and it was folly, dis-
respect, and madness, then, to proceed so far in
relation to this matter when the proper authorities
had it under consideration. And with this view,
many persons voted against the notice. Again,
the gentleman says:
" Sir, the reckless flippancy with which war is
f spoken of in this House, and elsewhere, as a
i thing to be 'let come1 rather than wait for the
* issue of negotiations, is deserving, in my judg-
4 ment, of the severest rebuke and reprobation fiom
4 every Christian patriot and statesman. I say,
4 let it not come, let it never come, if any degree of
1 honorable patience and forbearance will aveit it.
41 protest against any course of proceedings which
4 shall invite or facilitate its approach."
Thus that honorable gentleman goes on to give
the reasons why he should vote against the notice,
at the last session of Congress. He says further:
"I agree with him [Mr. A. V. Brown] in his
* two principal positions. I concur with him, first,
* m the opinion that it is inexpedient for us to ter-
'minate the convention of joint occupation until
4 negotiations have been still longer pursued."
Again, he says:
" It is now fully well understood that there ore
1 as good lands on this side of the Rocky moun-
(tains as on the other, so far, af least, as the roun-
4 try north of the forty-second degree of latitude is
4 concerned."
Here, he passes a eulogy upon a certain distin-
guished individual, now in the other branch of the
National Legislature:
es Mr. Webster has dared to preserve the peace
* of the country by abating something of our ex-
4 treme territorial claims on the northeast, and he
* has earned the gratitude of all good citizens by
4 doing so."
I wonder, Mr. Chairman, what gentlemen from
Maine, and fiom all the East, and Northeast, will
say as to the " gratitude" due to that distinguished
individual ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I undertake to say that that
was the reason, as I before observed, why this bill
was not passed at the last session of Congress—be-
cause this negotiation was then pending;. Now, we
have the assertion of the President of the United
States, and we have the corresnondence between
Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Calhoun and the British
minister on tins subject, and we are perfectly cer-
tain that no negotiations on this subject can now
be had. What, then, is our case ? What course
is it necessary for us to pursue ? Why, these very
ntiemen are willing that we should take up to
the line of 49°; and still they are afraid of war if
we give the notice. Well, 1 put this question to
the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who
spoke a few days ago, and whose speech has mode
sffmuch crimination and recrimination in this Hall:
You will go for 49°, pass the notice to that effect,
and where is the oiierof Great Britain to assent to
that line ? There is none; she never has made the
offer. Well; is she going to back out with this
notice and take 49° I ask gentlemen to answer
that question. We have offered 49°; she has ut-
teily refused it; and now you are willing to give
the notice and take forcible possession up to 49°.
Would the gentleman from Virginia answer him?
Mr. LEAKE was understood to say that he was
not for the notice, whether we took after it up to
49° or to 54° 4(J'.
Mr. SAWYER continued. Well, some of the
gentlemen have been m favor of the notice, and
for assuming jurisdiction td some extent; willing
to give the notice, and take forcible possession up
to 49°. Does not the same difficulty arise here as
if we took up to 54° 40'? It must, or else the
English will back out; and if you go to fighting
for it from the mouth of the Columbia to 49 ,
might you not as well include the whole and fight
for it? I think so. If we believe the country to
be ours, let us take possession of it, and let us de-
fend and keep it at all hazards.
Sir, there is a branch of the subject that I shall
now notice that is worthy of consideration. The
gentleman from Virginia, the "lone star," [refer-
ring to Mr. Pendleton,] uses the language of the
old federal party in olden times in relation to other
important parts of the country at this time—in re-
lation to the Louisiana purchase, including the
present States of Louisiana, Missouri, and Ark-
ansas, and other territory. What was the objec-
tion against that acquisition? Why, it was then
said it was worth nothing, as the gentleman now
said of the Oregon territory.
Mr. PENDLETON was understood to inquire
by whom it was said that the Louisiana purchase
was worth nothing?
Mr. SAWYER. I did not propose to tell the
gentleman who the individuals were, but I tell you
that such a declaration went forth; and I will tell
you some more of the language used; it was said
that there were alligators enough on that land to
fence it, and the land itself was not worth having—
not worth the purchase; and I take it that the gen-
tleman who uses the same language in relation to
Oregon territory now, belongs to the same party that
made this declaration in reference to the Louisiana
puichase. and to Florida. That was the language
used in times gone by in relation to the acquisition
of valuable territory; that is the language used
now, and it will be the language used by that par-
ty. * And none of those who belong to the demo-
cratic or to the republican party use such language.
There is where I draw the distinction.
Well, sir, Oregon is of immense value to us; and
it matters not whether we fight with England now
or hereafter. I prefer to bear the burden myself—
a portion of it; and, Mr. Chairman, while on this
subject, I do not yield in patriotism to any gentle-
man on this floor, and I believe I have given
proofs that I disregard a war with England. I
nave published over my own signature that I
would vote for this resolution in the strong sense
of its meaning; and the very moment England de-
clares war I will resign my seat on this floor, and
take my stand among my constituents to fight for
my own fireside and my country's rights; I stand
pledged to do it, and I will do it. It matters not
when this war comes; come it must, if you give
the British possession all around us. Plow stands
the ease now? Go to your eastern seabord, and
you find her possessions all around you; and she
is now trying to encircle you on the west. Well,
sir, what are the disadvantages under which we
labor with England?
In this manner we have given England every
power to cripple and annoy us; and it is our own
fault that we have permitted Great Britain so to
encircle us with her power as to render hostilities
with her almost inevitable. I have spoken of this
northern continent as an island, and some gentle-
men here have sneered at it; but I say again that
I consider it merely as an island, and one the
whole of which we ought to occupy. Great Brit-
ain would find great trouble in disturbing us 3,000
miles off, as she is, if she had no possessions upon
tins little island of our own; but having so many
possessions all around us, and in our immediate
neighboihood on the coast, she has resting-places
where she can run in for supplies, and to refit her
!i ships, and even for building them. She can thus
i{ obtain her fuel, her arms and munitions. Say,
■; then, if it is not our own fault when we per-
il mit such a state of things to continue. Shall we |
! support a policy that will ultimately exclude the
' British power from the continent, or one that will
I encourage her to extend it? I fear that some gen-
tlemen are willing to give her a footing on the
northwest coast; and in such manner as to enable
her to give us great trouble heieafter, by adding
immensely to her present great means of annoy-
ance. A gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pen-
dleton] has said that Great Britain has never
done any wrong or injury to this country which
, she has not repaired or apologized for 
| Mr. PENDLETON. I did not say that. I said
| that Great Britain had done no injury to this coun-
j try which she had not atoned for.
Mr. SAWYER continued, and said that this was
a mattei of veracity between him and the gentle-
man from Virginia. He says that Great Britain has
j done no injury that she has not atoned for. I say
j that she has done much injury, and not atoned for
j it. Injuries were charged in the Declaration of In-
I dependence, and I undertake to say that these inju-
| ries are unredressed. Many of the charges brought
against her by this-country heretofore are still
subjects of complaint now. Some of j&ese matters
of complaint were particularly mentioned the other
day by my colleague, [Mr. THuRMANj.not one of -
which has ever been atoned for. He spoke ot the
burning of the Caroline, and many other things.
But I wish to calk the" attention of this House to
another and more grievous charge, to wit: that the
Indian hostilities which we have long been obliged
to encounter, are instigated by England. I want
to see the man that will stand up here and deny
this.
Thousands of pounds every year are appro-
priated by Great Britain for Jargesses for the In-
dians, and it is well understood that the purpose
of these supplies is to encourage them to hostili-
ties against the citizens of the United States. Great
Britain makes annual payments as regularly as we
make appropriations at this or anysession of Con-
gress, for the purpose of which ! speak—i. c., the
instigation of the Indians to commit the most dam-
nable and outrageous atrocities upon our people.
The endeavors of the British to break-the friend-
ship between the Indians and the people of this
country have so far succeeded, that it requires a
large sum annually to buy our peace with them.
Our frontiers have long been exposed to her
most cruel outrages, where men, women, and chil-
dren have suffered, not only by being made cap-
tives, but bv being given up to savage torture and
murder. The British officers themselves, after the
battle of the river Raisin, were compelled by the
Indians to surrender American citizens to the de-
mands of savage fury, to be tortured, and finally
burnt at the stake; and this, sir, was never atoned
for; and I will tell you, sir, that the American peo-
ple will never rest satisfied, after those inhumani-
ties, until they have a chance to "draw a bead''
upon such foes.
. I may perhaps feel the more sensibly on account
of such wrongs, when I consider that my father
was taken prisoner in that war by the Indians and
British, and was not treated according to the dic-
tates of honor or humanity; and it was o\ving to
wounds received from them that he is now unable
to get up or lie down in bed. I myself (said Mr.
S.) am determined, and my constituents are de-
termined, and I believe the American people are
determined, to resent these injuries, which we
have endured from Great Britain. Why, sir, has
she. not twice brought her whole power upon us
with a view to crush our independence? After the
revolutionary war, their attempts in which had
proved fruitless, they let us alone for a while; then
they came across the waters a second traie to as-
sail us; and this, sir, they have never atoned for.
And now, because, forsooth, we are not ready to
give up territory which actually belongs to us,
there are some gentlemen in this House who un-
dertake to say that we are doing injustice to Great
Britain, and attempt to apologize for our course on
this floor. Why, sir, the moment that Great
Britain takes any hostile position towards this
country a third time, ten thousand swords will be
ready to fly from their scabbards, and a million of
rifles will be taken down from the pegs on which
they hang, and will be carried to the field wherever
English hostility is to be repelled; and, sir, I un-
dertake to say that those swords will never again
see their scabbards, nor will those rifles ever be re-
placed, until they shall be drenched with the blood
of the foreign invaders of our soil.
Mr. PENDLETON here rose, and said that if
the gentleman would give him leave-* he would ask
him now to place hinf (Mr. P.) in a proper posi-
tion as to the remark the gentleman had made
about a question of veracity between himself and
the gentleman. He wished the gentleman to ex-
plain that it was not a question of veracity, but
merely one of inference.
Mr. S. I did not intend anything personal. I
will repeat, that I understood the gentleman to say
that England had atoned or apologized for every
outrage she had committed upon us. I say she
has not done so. I have pointed out instances in
proof of my assertion. If any gentleman can show
that England has apologized for those injuries
which I have referred to, I will yield the point.
She has, from the very first settlementof the coun-
try to this time, wronged us in the most vital
points. Why, sir, England claims^ Canada, but
she has no right to it, and I'll show it before I get
through my remarks. I started, sir, in these re-
marks with the position that the Americans hare
