1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80S
an exclusive right to this island, for the purpose
of making her experiment of the adaptation of re-
publican principles to the wants and happiness of
men, 1 advanced the doctrine, sir, that this North
American continent, or island, as X for some pur-
poses deem it, belongs exclusively to the people of
the United States. The principles upon which we
started were enforced by George Washington,
who established the metes and bounds of Ameri-
canism, and they were afresh marked out by Old
Hickory, and, sir, by General Scott.
We were a colony dependant on <ireat Britain
when w.e conquered Canada in the war of 1745.
This we did before we were an independent na-
tion;, arid all the rights which Great Britain now
has in Canada were obtained through lis. Canada
was conquered by our valor and our means. Even
Virginia contributed to it. Therefore, (said Mr.
S.,)"I have said that Great Britain has no right to
Canada, and that it belongs to Americans, who
originally conquered it from the French and In-
dians.
I will put a case, sir, to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. L. H. Sims,] which he well under-
stands. I will suppose this land but one great
farm; [yes, said Mr. Sims, I understand that per-
fectly.] Suppose that we occupy this farm by
American farmers. [I subscribe to that,said Mi.
Sims.] What fanner will undertake to make his
crop of corn, or wheat, or what not, without go-
ing first to work to get rid of the weeds? He will
hoe out his weeds.
But here wo have Canada, Nova Scotia, and
oilier British possessions around us, which are
tares amongour wheat. They, sir, are the weeds.
How so.' They prevent us from spreading our
principles throughout the continent, and from fully
carrying them out, and establishing free institu-
tions. They diffuse monarchical principles amongst
lis. The seeds of these principles are earned
abroad upon the wings of the wind, and spread
among us these obnoxious weeds. Now, 1 con-
sider that these obnoxious weeds must be eradi-
cated, and that no more of them ought to be prop-
agated, through these means, on our soil. \V u
must grub them up by the root, before they intcst
the whole country. Let us eradicate all these odi-
ous, federal, and monarchical British weeds.
The moment that England, or any foreign power
opposed to our system, obtains a toothold on our
soil, and we permit it, wc lend a club to break our
own heads. What would Great Britain say if we
got a foothold on her island, and put our institu-
tions into operation there ? We have just as good
a right to do it as she has to establish her institu-
tions here. Would she permit it for a moment?
No; our principles are so different that they must
produce a perpetual collision, and we must drive
out from our land all governments founded upon
aiitngonistical principles. This country is nearly
large enough to enable us to make the republican
experiment that we have endeavored to make.
agentleman'fromConnecticut [Mr. Uuckhei.l]
has told us that the shipping interest will gicatly
sutler in a war; and he read to u.s several letters
from ship-owners on the subject, advising us not
to give the notice, because the shipping interests
would be greatly injured by it. 1 admit his posi-
tion to be true, that the shipping interests will, in
one sense, be subject to detriment. I also admit
that, in the same manner, what the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Hoj.mes] lias told us of the
danger of the destruction ofN ew York and Charles-
ton, and other cities on the seaboard, is also true.
But for the evil that these gentlemen suggest, I
will propose a case; and it is one that was suc-
cessfully practised- by an eminent physician m
such cases—Dr. Jackson—when he undertook the
defence of New Orleans:
A certain cotton merchant came to General Jack-
son and said that his bales of cotton had been
taken for the purpose of making breastworks for
the defence of New Orleans. He wanted immediate
payment or restoration, inasmuch as private pi op-
erty could not be taken for public uses, without
compensation. General Jackson heard his com-
plaint, and told him he would do what was light
in the matter, and he pointed out a course that was
proper to be pursued m such cases. He sent im-
mediately for a musket and twenty rounds of car-
tridges. The poor fellow, hearing this order, did
not know what was to*ecome of him. But very
soon General Jackson put the musket in his hand,
and said, Stand there, sjm, and defend your cotton.
Thus General Jackson compelled him to stand i
up and defend his rights. Let all others who
are interested in property in this manner defend
their rights, and there will be no danger. Why,
sir, we have men enough to form a solid column
from this place down to the seaboard, and those
who are interested in the preservation of their
property will defend it. This question of dollars
and cents*cannot stand in the way of our national
defence from foreign invasion. Who cares for the
burning of some few ships in a cause of such mag-
nitude. Have we not made liberal reparation for
property destroyed by our enemy while it was
tjsed for the public service ? The whole history of
our legislation on this subject proves it. Applica-
tions of this sort are now of daily occurrence.
1 will pay my respects for a few moments to the
gentleman from Virginia, who last spoke, [Mr.
Leake.] 1 admit that it was a great speech, and
I admit all that the gentleman claims for the Old
Dominion; but times change. The time was
when Home was the pride of the earth. So, many
of the old nations have in their day been great and
productive of great men. But those nations are
not still the pride of the world, as once they were.
Do the great statesmen that once enlightened them
appear in them now? Do all who come from them
now bear the impress of that greatness that in an-
cient times distinguished them ? No, sir. I must
nqw speak of them as degenerate sons of noble
sires. It dots not follow that because Virginia has
been productive of' so many Presidents, every one
who conies into this House fiom that State will
also become a President.
Another gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
has made some remarks to  Inch 1 will briefly re-
ply. That gentleman, in the early part of the ses-
sion, was charged with being a Vr lug by a gentle-
man fioni Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] 1 was disposed
to resent the rhuigc at liist, as being unjustly made
upon one of my Iricnds; but now i am inclined to
agree with the gentleman from Kentucky, though
at tiist I believed it to be a charge made for the
purpose of detracting from the miluenee and stand-
ing of one of my political friends. Speaking now
ot Aecomac, it was, if J am not mistaken, the dis-
trict iiom which Mr. Wne came. Mr. Wise
came here a Jackson man, died in the wool. He
became alter a while autl-.lackson, and went buck
and appealed to Ins constituents,ami they sent bun
here again. After a while he became a Tyler man;
and still his constituents, changing with lum, sent
htm back to Congress. The gentleman who now
represents the same people has also changed his
front; tor he was m 184U an advocate for " Tippe-
canoe and Tyler too," and made Whig speeches
in my State. Under all these circumstances, sir,
it, appears to me that the electors in that district
are not very stable, and do not care who they
elect.
iSome gentlemen here have charged me, and my
friends who act with me, with following the lead
of the venerable gentknian from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] on tins question, i tell those gen-
tlemen that, m making such a charge, they show
that they do not undetstand the principles of dem-
ocratic action. One neutleman remarked that com-
pliments from a source always unfriendly to that
distinguished member, [Mr. Aiums,] could not be
considered as praise. But 1 will say to that gen-
tleman, that, m this remark, he has shown that he
does not understand the true principles of Democ-
racy. The time was when the Democratic party
considered that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
i [Mr. Aoams,] was a< ting wrong,and they censured
: him accoidingly. But this dut not preclude them
i from approving of his course when he acted right.
; But, sir, you cannot point to a single instance in
: that gentleman's long public career, wherein ill any
| cuntroveisy with a foreign power, and especially
; with lingland, he has not taken the side of his own
! country. Ten thousand times, sir, would 1 rather
| follow the lead of that gentleman than follow a dis-
i tmguished leadei m the other wmg of the Capitol,
J who was once a Jackson man, and then became a
bitter foe to Jackson, and not only inflicted a cen-
sure upon Jackson, but refused to wipe it out or
expunge. Put your finger, sir, on that gentleman,
and he is not there. He has been in favor of, and
against, every Administration. I do notdoubt that
the gentleman liom Virginia, as he has said, has
been distinguished by the favors of the people in
every form since he first came into public life; but
, I doibt whether the germ of democracy was ever
planted in him. Wlicn he charges us with follow-
ing the lead of the, gentleman from Massachusetts,
or of any man, he speaks for effect, and for an ef-
fect not very creditable to him. I will not say of
him, as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] once said of an eminent person at the other
end of the Capitol, that, after expressing such sen-
timents as he has done, he has but one more step
to take, and that will carry him over to the enemy.
I have no doubt that the British press will pass
high encomiums on the gentleman's speech, as they
have done upon that of a distinguished gentleman
who spoke in Faneuil Hall; but as to my speech,
and that of my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Sims,]
and a hundred others, they will set them down on
their black list. In my opinion, some gentlemen
have put themselves in the position of advocating
England, and I fear this will more fully appear
when we come to the vote. *
Mr. S. here referred to an article on the " Ameri-
can war mania," that appeared in the '* Econo-
mist, "an English paper, \ery rcccntly; and he
read the following passages from it:
" If I could take the same liberty with Sir Rob-
' ertPeel that I used to do with my personal friends,
' Lords Lunsdowne and Monteagle, when they
' were in office, I should very frankly tell him that
' the policy of England, in order to preserve peace,
* is to remain perfectly quiet, and permit the semi-
< ble and honest portion of the American people to
* keep in complete check the dishonest and itckhss
' portion of it.
"Fortunately for both countries, your Parlia-
' ment does not meet until February; and therefore
i Sir Robert Peel cannot be callca upon for any
4 public declaration for or against the President's
'gasconade, until some demonstration has been
4 made in Congress to show the feeling of parties
< in both houses."
" Of the wickedness of such a war, and of the
4 blessings of a continued peace, 1 need nut enlarge,
* as they are self-evident to every honest man; but
4 I will .say, that should hostilities grow out of such
' an insignificant cause, the names of those who
4 wilfully occasion it will be transmitted to posteri-
4 ty with no enviable immortality. The merchants,
' traders, ship-owners, and capitalists of America
4 are opposed to war—the politicians alone are in
4 favor of it! It is, therefore, the more to be de-
* sired that no hasty step on the part of the Brit-
4 ish Government should give her foes an advantage
4 over her funds."
Now, sir, (said Mr. S.,) in order to carry out
our views, and rid this whole continent of English
power, we must extend our laws gradually hut
fully over the whole country, till we possess all
that nature nnd nature's God has given to us; and
[ hope that our principles of liberty will be extend-
ed over the whole, and carried down to all genera-
tions to come. The principles and the institutions
that we received from Washington and Jackson I
will use nil my efforts to hand down to posteiity
as pure as when they came to us from our prede-
cessors.
Mr. R. having concluded—
Mr. BELL obtained the floor; but yielded to a
motion (by Mr. Cocke) that the committee rise,
which (after some conversation) was agreed to.
So the committee rose and reponed.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct theTexian post-route
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, which was read for information. The reso-
lution, after having undergone the modification
hereafter suggested, was in the following words:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is here-
by, icqucsted to communicate to this House, so
far as in his opinion is not incompatible with the
public interest, nil correspondence which has pass-
; ed between the Government of Great Britain and
j this Government, or by or between any of the
olHcers of said Governments in relation to the
country west of the Rocky mountains, since the
last annual Message of the President to this
House.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. COLLAMER moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution.
And on that motion the yeas and nays were
asked, but the demand was withdrawn.
Mr. ASHMUN, however, renewed the demand
for the yeas and nays, which the House refused to
order.
