308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 4, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the farther reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
When the House adjourned last evening, a mo-
tion had been made by Mr. Isaac E, Holmes,
that the rules be suspended for the purpose of en-
abling him to present the memorial of the Mem-
phis convention.
And the SPEAKER now announced that that
motion would be the business first in order.
Mr. COBB called for the reading of the memo-
rial; but as it was very long, Mr. C., on the un-
derstanding that it contained the same resolutions,
<frc.,nshad heretofore been printed in the papers
as having been adopted by the convention, with-
drew the demand.
Mr. McCONNELL, however, insisted on the
reading. Objections were made on the ground of
the length of'the memorial.
The question on the reading was then put to the
House, and decided in the negative.
So the House decided that the memorial should
not be road.
Mr. STEPHENS called for the reading of the
resolutions.
The SPEAKER said, the House had refused
the reading of the memorial.
Mr. STEPHENS called, he said, fur the read-
ing of the resolutions, not of the memorial.
Mr. HOLMES said he would move the printing
of the memorial, so that gentlemen might read it,
or not, at their pleasure.
Mr. McCONNELL demanded tellers on the
reading of the resolutions.
The SPEAKER said it was too late. The
House had decided against the reading; and the
question bcfoic the House was on suspending the
rules for the purpose of receiving the memorial.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays on that
motion, which were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashman, Baker, Bell, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam G-. Brown, Bufiington, Burt, John G. Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Ciwier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Da-
vis, Dixon, Dromgoole, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran,
Pieklin, Garvin, Harper, Henley, Hcrrick, Ilil-
liard, Elias B. Holmes, Isaac E Holmes, George
S. Houston, Washington Hunt, C'hailes J. Ingcr- !
soli, Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King, Long, 1
McGaughcy, McHenry, Mcllvairir, Maisli, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Pernll,Pettit, Pollock, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Kchenck,
Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Strohm, Thibodeaux,
Tiiomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Tin-
bat t:;, Tildcn, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
Wick, Winthrop, Woodruff, and Young—7:2.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Biggs, Bowhii,Brmkcr-
hoff, Brockenbrough, Cathcart, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobb, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Darnel,
Delano, De Mott, Dillingham, Dunlap, Edsall,
Ellswoith, Erdman, Giles, Goodvear, Gordon,
Hamlin, Haralson, Hough, E. W.tlubard, Sam-
uel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Hunter,
Jenkins, James IT. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King, Law-
rence, Leake, Leib, Lewis, Ligon, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClean, McClelland, Mc.Coimell, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Moulton, Norns, Parish, Payne,
Pendleton, Perry, Phelps, Price, Ruthbun, Reid,
Relfe, Rhett, R'itter, Roberts, Russell, Sawyer,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Thomas Smith, St. John, Strong, James Thomp-
son, Tredway, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward,
Yancey, and Yell—78.
fc So the rules were not suspended, and the memo-
rial was not received.
Mr. TIBBATTS rose and offered a resolution,
(which, by the rule, is a privileged resolution,)
providing that all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the joint res-
olution of notice, should terminate on Monday next,
the 9th instant, at o'clock, unless the commit-
tee should sooner come to a conclusion upon the
game.
And Mr. T. demanded a call of the House.
The resolution was then read.
Mr. McCONNELL demanded the previous
question.
Mr. T. SMITH moved so to amend the resolu-
tion as to substitute for "Monday, the 9th in-
stant," "Saturday, the 7th instant.
And he demanded the previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution and
amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. McCONNELL asked the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said, in reply to the demand of
Mr. T. Smith, that it was not necessary to call the
previous question, because the resolution was not
debatable.
Mr. TIBBATTS (whose demand for a call of
the House had been some time in abeyance) insist-
ed on the motion.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a point of order.
This, he believed, was precisely the same resolu-
tion as that which hud been rejected yesterday by
a large vote. He submitted that a resolution vary-
ing oven in some insignificant point only from that
resolution, might be introduced at this time; but
that the same proposition precisely could not be
introduced, except by a reconsideration of the vote
by which it had been laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said the Chair was not aware
what the precise terms of the resolution of yester-
day were.; but if the terms of the present resolution
uere the same, it would not be in order.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he would obviate any ob-
jection on that score by a very simple process; and
he so modified his resolution as to strike out the
half hour.
Ho the resolution being before the House,
Mr. ASHMUN rose to mine an amendment.
The SPEAKER smd, 110 motion to amend was
in order pending the motion which the gentleman
had himself made to lav the resolution on the table.
Mr. ASI1MUN -withdrew that motion, and
moved an amendment, which he sent to the Chair,
but which was not read.
Mr. U. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question.
Mr. ROBERTS renewed the motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. TIBBATTS renewed his motion for a call
of the House.
And the question on that motion having been
t.'ktn, it was decided that there should not be a
call of the i louse.
The SPEAKER, referring to the decision made,
that it was not necessary to demand the previous
question, now stateil that that question hud been
decided without reflection on the part of the Chair.
] At the outset, the impression of the Chair had
[ been, that the previous question was not in order,
| because the resolution was not debatable; but he
j was convinced that that was not the construction
! of the rule. The Chair, therefore, leversed its de-
j cision, and pronounced that the previous question
, was in order.
| Mr. McCONNELL rose and renewed the de-
l mnnd for it.
Mr.IUlKTT suggested that there was a motion
pending to lay the icsolution on the table.
The SPEAKER said that that would be the
first question m older.
Mr.)'. KIjN'G asked the yeas and nays thereon,
which were oidered.
The question was taken, and the vote was read.
A pause of some moments ensued.
When the SPEAKER said that the. vote was a
very close one, and that, the Clerk was unsatisfied
in his own mind as to the accuracy of the count.
By general consent, therefore, the vote would be
co'imtcd again.
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON and Mr. SCHENCK
suggested that the Clerk should again read over
the. names.
The SPEAKER suggested to gentlemen to pay
attention when their names were called, so that it
might be seen that the record was correctly made.
Mr. HUDSON expressed the hope that the rules
' would be enforced, so that members should not go
i to the table and hold conversation with the Clerk
i while the vote was being taken. The practice pre-
! vailed to a considerable extent.
1 The SPEAKER invited members to their seats.
I The Clerk, in the interim, again counted the
; vote, which was finally announced, as follows :
j YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
| nold, Ashmun, Baker, Barnnger, Bayly, Bell,
; Brockenbrough, Milton Brown, Buffington, Burt,
! William W. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Reu-
| ben Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Collamer,Cranston,
j Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis,
Delano, Dixon, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ew-
ing, Ficklin, Foote, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Grinnell, Harper, Hcrrick, Hilliard, Isaac E.
Holmes, Edmund W. Hubard, S. D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter, J. R. Inger-
soll, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King, Thomas B.
King, Leake, Leib, Lewis, Long, McGaughey,
McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Morse,
Moseley,"Parish,Payne, Pendleton, Pettit, Phelps,
Pollock, Ramsey, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, Seddon, Sev-
erance, Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stephens,
Strohm, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Til-
den, Toombs,.Tredway,Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
White, W inthrop, Woodruff, W oodward, Y ancey ,
and Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. John Gluincy Adams, Benton,
Biggs, Jas. Black, Jas. A. Black, Bowlin, Brink-
evhoff, Brodhead, Wm. G. Brown, John H.
Campbell, Cathcart, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Col-
lin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dar-
gan, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole,
Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Fos-
ter, Fries, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover,
Hamlin, Haralson, Henley, Hopkins, Hough,
Geoige S. Houston, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Preston King, Lawrence, La Sere, Ligon, Lump-
kin, Maelay, McClean, McClelland, McConnell,
McDowell,McKay, Moulton, Norris,Owen, Per-
l-ill, Perry, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Leonard H. Sims,
Thos. Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stewart, St.
John, Strong, Sykes, Tiiomasson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tibbatts, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Wick, Williams, Yell, and Yost—91.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in;
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. CUMMINS asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. McCLELLAND rose to a privileged ques-
tion; and stated that a bill for the relief or Bates &
Lacon had been laid on the tables of members this
morning, purporting to have been reported by the
Committee on Commerce on the 3uth ult. The
fact was, the committee made an adverse report on
the claim presented, and was discharged from its
further consideration. The mistake probably
arose from an old bill reported some years ago be-
ing among the papers sent uprand the clerk misap-
prehended the motion.
The Journal of the 30th ultimo was thereupon
amended accordingly.
Mr. RHETT moved that the House resolve it-
self into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. McDOWELL said the gentleman from Ohio-
[Mr. Cummins] was on the floor.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman should have
availed himself of his privilege, and not resigned-
tlie floor by taking his seat.
Mr. CUMMINS rose—too late.
And the question then was on the motion of Mr.
Rhett.
Mr. McKAY, (under the assent of Mr. Rhett,
who waived his motion on the pledge of renewal,)
by general consent, reported front the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill of the following title:
A bill making an appropriation to enable the
President of the United States to receive'from the
State of Texas the cession of certain property.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for certain objects made for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30tli June, 1846.
Which said bills, having been read twice by
their titles, were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Whereupon Mr. McKAY renewed the motion,
of Mr. Rhett.
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
OREGON.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and
