312
the congressional globe.
_ On motion, the Senate then proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business; and, after some
time so speut, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
Feb. 5',
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 5, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read ill part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
Mi, PRICE i-ose, arid asked leave at this time
to introduce a memorial from the convention of the
State of Missouri, on the subject of the boundary
line of that State. He desired to introduce the
memorial now, because the Committee on the Ter-
ritories had the subject under consideration.
No objection having been made, the memorial
was received, and, on motion of Mr. PRICE, was
referred to the Committee on the Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
the oregon debate.
_ Mr. PRICE then rose and offered a resolution,
(in the usual form,) providing that the debate in
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
on the joint resolution of notice, should teiminate
®n Monday next at three o'clock.
And on this resolution Mr. P. demanded the
previous question.
Mr. McKAY moved that there be a call of the
House; and on that motion (simultaneously with
Mr. Hamlin) demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and being taken, were, yeas 93,nays
56.
So a call of the House was ordered.
And the Clerk having called the first name on
the roll,
Mr. MILTON BROWN, remarking that there
was now a pretty full attendance, moved that pro-
ceedings on the call be dispensed with.
The motion was rejected. j
The Clerk then called the roll, and 186 members 1
answered to their names. >
Mr. BRODHEAD remarking, as the reporter
understood, that there were but lew absentees, j
moved that all further proceedings on the call be
suspended; which motion was rejected.
Hie names of the absentees having been then
called, 196 members appeared to be present.
, A motion was made on the right of the chair,
tliat all further proceedings on the call be dis-
pensed with; which was rejected.
The doois of the Hall were then closed, and
excuses for absentees were offered.
Some were excused, and some not.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON was understood to
say, that this was a very tedious process. The
next step would be to send the Sergeant-at-Ainis
to arrest those members who had not been ex-
cused, and in the mean time the House could do
nothing. He moved, therefore, that all further
proceedings on the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER put the question, and an-
nounced that the motion was rejected.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES had intermediately
demanded the yeas and nays, but too late.
Mr. ROBERTS now moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House had refused to suspend
proceedings on the call.
And the question being taken, the vote was not
reconsidered.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved that all fur-
ther proceedings on the call be dispensed with, and
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas
97, nays 78.
So all further proceedings on the call were, dis-
pensed with.
And the doors of the Hall were again opened.
Tlie question then recurred on the demand of
Mr. Price for the previous question on his reso-
lution.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH moved that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY and other members demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMASSON called for the reading of the
resolution, which was again read.
Mr. MILTON BROWN asked Mr. Smith to
withdraw the motion to lay the resolution on the
table, to enable him (Mr. B.) to offer an amend-
ment.
Ths motion was not withdrawn.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Barringcr, Bell, Blanohard, Milton
Brown, Buffington, Burt, Wm. W. Campbell,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,Cocke,
Coliamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Garrett Da-
vis, Jefferson Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery,
E. H. Ewing, Foote, Giddings, Graham, Grin-
nell, Hampton, Harper, Herriek, Hogc, lilias B.
Holmes, Isaac 10. Holmes, Edmund W. Hubard,
S.D.Hubbard,Hudson, Washington Hunt,Hun-
ter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, Daniel
P. King, Thomas B. King, Leake, Lewis, Long,
McGaughcy, McHenry, Mdlvainc, Marsh, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Payne, Pendleton, Petlit, Ramsey,
Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Runic, Sehenek, Seddon, Severance, A. D. Sims,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Starkweather, Stephens, Strohm, Thibodeaux,
Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo,
Vance, Vinton, White, Woodruil, YVoodward,
Wright, Yancey, and Young—84.
NA\S—Mes^is, John Ci. Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Baker, Benton, Biggs, James Black,
James A. Black, Bowlm, Boyd, Brmkerhoil',
Brockenlirongh, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
John H. Campbell. Cathcart, Clnpman, Clarke,
Cobb, Collin, Culiom, Cuinnuns, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, De Motl, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Dromgoole, Dunlnp, Ed sal I, Ellsworth, Erdman,
Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fnes, Garun, Gentry,
Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Har-
alson, Henley, Hopkins, liough, Geo. S. Hous-
ton, PI ungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. In-
gersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston
King, Lawrence, Leib, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClelland, McOlernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay, Barclay Martin, Morse,
Moulton, Aoiris, Owen, Pansh, Perrill, Perry,
Phelps, Pollock, Prue, Held, Relic, Ritter, Rob-
erts, Russell, Sawtclle, Sawyer, Scammrin, Leon-
ard H. Sims, Thomas .Simtli, Robert Smith, Stan-
toil, St. John, Strong, Sykcs, Thomasson, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,
Towns, Tredway, Wentworth, Whealon, Wick,
Williams, Woodwoith, Yell, and Yost—109.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous quesiion.
And there was a second.
And the main question (on the adoption of the
resolution) was oidcied to be now taken.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker whether
the mover could now modify his resolution >
The SPEAK Kit sud, not after the previous
question had been seconded.
Mr. ASHMUN said he would like the general
consent of the House to propose a modification.
Mr. A. then demanded the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution; which were ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. John Q,. Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Bnnkerhoff, Brockenbrough,
Brodhead, W. G. Blown, John 11. Campbell,Cath-
cart, Chipman, Clarke, Cohb,Collin, Culiom,Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Daniel, DeMott, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Droingoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworlh,
Erdman, Faran, Foster, Garun, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harnianson,
Henley, lloge, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Hous-
ton, Hungeifoid, James B. Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Law-
rence, Leib, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClean, McClelland, McOlernand, McConnell,
McCrate, McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barclay Martin, Morris, Moulton, Norris, Owen,
Parrish, Perrill, Perry. Phelps, Pollock, Price,
Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Scammon, L. H. Sims, Thomas
Smith, R. Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strong,Sykes,
.Tames Thompson,Thomasson, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodworth,
Yell, and Yost—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringcr, Bell, Blanchard,
Milton Brown, Buffington, Burt, Wm. "VV. Camp-
bell, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Cocke, Coliamer, Cranston,
Crozier, Culver, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Jefferson
Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, John H. Ewing,
E. H. Ewing, Ficklin, Foot, Gentry, Giddings,
Grinnell, Hampton, Harper, Herriek, Hilliard, E.
B. Holmes, Edmund W. Hubard, S. D. Hubbard,
Hudson, W. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ineersoll,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, Thomas~Butler
King, Leake, Lewis, Long, McGaughey, McB-
vaine, McHenry, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Payne,
Pendleton, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, J.'A. Rock-
well, Root, Runk, Schenck, Seddon, Severance,
Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Strohm,
Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson,Tilden, Trum-
bo, Toombs, Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop,
Woodruff, Wright, Yancey, and Young—87.
So the resolution was adopted.
And the House decided that the debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
should be closed on Monday next at 3 o'clock.
convention with peru.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose, and remarked
that it had become necessary for him to say, in re-
lation to the bill which had heretofore been under
consideration to carry into effect the convention
between the United States and the Republic of
Peru, that in saying the money was in the treasury
he had been under a misapprehension. In conse-
quence of circumstances which he did not think it
necessary to mention, it was proper he should say,
for the information of the House and of those wlio
had claims under the convention, that the money
had not been paid.
He would now move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
the hour of meeting.
Mr. McKAY asked Mr. Ijigersoil to with-
draw his motion for a moment; which having been
done,
j Mr. McKAY said that he desired to make a
j motion in relation to the debate on the Oregon
j question. The House had now, by the vote of a
i majority, determined that the debate should close
' on Monday next at 3 o'clock. The subject was
one of great importance, and there were a great
number of gentlemen who desii'ed to participate in
the discussion. He would, therefore, propose that,
until Tuesday next, the daily hour of meeting
should be 10 o'clock, so as to give an opportunity
to those members who desire to take part in the
debate to do so.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired of the Chair,
whether it would be competent for him to move
an amendment as to the time at which the House
would adjourn ?
Mr. McKAY (who had not yielded the floor)
demanded the previous question on his motion.
There was a second.
The main question was ordered; and, being
taken, was decided in the affirmative.
So the House decided that, until Monday next
(inclusive,) the daily hour of the meeting of the
House should be at 10 o'clock.
oregon.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM rose and asked leave to
introduce the following proposition, (by way of
amendment to the joint resolution of notice:)
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the title of the United States to the
whole of the Oregon country, included within the
parallels of 42 degrees and 54 degrees 40 minutes
north latitude, and extending from the Stony or
Rocky mountains to the Pacific ocean, is clear and
unquestionable; that the honor, the dignity, and
true interests of the people of the United States
demand that their title thereto be maintained, and
that the entire and undivided occupation, control,
and government thereof be assumed by the United
States. To the end, therefore, that the same may
be done consistent with the treaty stipulations be-
tween the United States and Great Britain,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
forthwith causc notice to be given to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain that the convention between
the United States and Great Britain, concerning
the Oregon territory, of the sixth of August, one
thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, signed
at London, shall be annulled and abrogated at the
expiration of the term of twelve months from and
after the said notice shall have been given, con-
formably to the second article of said convention
