1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
818
of the sixth of August, one thousand eight hundred
and twenty-seven.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
proposition.
Mr. 0. J. INGERSOLL moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Ailer some conversation, a motion was made
that the rules of the House be suspended for the
purpose of enabling the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cunningham] to offer the proposition.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts,
of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution of notice.
Mr. GENTit^f now rose and addressed the
committee during the hour. The following is not
the speech, (which is in course of preparation, and
-will be published in the Appendix,) but merely a
sketch of its points.
Mr. G. stud it seemed to him that this House,
which was the representative of twenty million* of
free people, had placed itself in an extmordmury
attitude In-fore tins country and before the nations
of (lie world, lie bchev<d it was bul yesterday,
or the day before, that the House had passed a
resolution calling on the President of the United
Slates 10 communicate any correspondence which
had imnspued between tins Government and the
Government of Groat Britain in relation to the un-
adjusted difficulty between the two Governments
respecting their conflicting claims to the territory
on the northwest const of this continent. If the
adoption of thai tesolution meant anything, it
meant that the representatives of the people on this
iloor felt that hefoie thev were culled upon to act
on this great question, they were entitled to know
all that hud transpired in relation to the diliicuUicH
between the two nations.
What had been done this morning? A resolu-
tion had been adopted that all debate on tins <ju< s
tion should end on Monday nevt, and thai the
committee should proceed to \ote on the. resolution
immediately under consideration, and on ail amend-
ments which had been proposed. 1 lad the 1 louse
heard from the President of the United States?
Had he responded to this important inquiry? Did
the House know the exact position of the ques-
tion ? Did the House know all that had transpired
between the two Governments? Was it prepared
to take a lean in the dark on a rjuestion which in-
volved the iiighest interests ol the country?—a
question admitted on both sides to involve the is-
sues of peace and war? For while, on the one
hand, it was contended that the adoption of this
joint resolution of notice was necessary to a speedy
and peaceful adjustment of the controversy with
England, on the other hand it was contended, with
equal earnestness, that the adoption of the ievolu-
tion tended to involve the two countries in a war;
ko that, looking1 to the arguments on either side,
the question was one fraught w ith the most mo-
mentous consequences. Should not the members
of this House have the whole facts of the ease in
their possession before being required cither to
speak or act upon it?
He regretted the necessity which compelled him
to speak in the absence of those facts which he
felt he had a right to know.
He had been much astonished in the early part
of this debate to hear the distinguished chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. C. J.
Incersom.] declare, with the positiveness uluch
characteuzed the declaration, that he knew of no
correspondence having taken place between the
two Governments m relation to this question since
the correspondence which had been communicated
to us with the Piesident's Message. He (Mr. G.)
believed then that the gentleman was mistaken
He believed so now. The gentleman "had made
the declaration most emphatically, and had taken
upon himself the responsibility of doing so. if
the gentleman had not made that assertion, he
(Mr. G.) would, at an early period of the discus-
sion, have introduced a resolution, calling for all
the correspondence that might have passed be-
tween the two Governments. He repeated the ex-
pression of his belief that the gentleman was mis-
taken then, and that he was mistaken now, if he
thought there had been no correspondence between
the two Governments. Such a conclusion was at
war alike with the suggestions of reason and of
common sense. It was impossible that nothing
other than that which had been communicated to
this House should have transpired. To suppose so,
would be to suppose that the Executive branch of
the Government was altogether unmindful of the
duty which it owed to the American people. It
would be to suppose that the British Government
was altogether indifferent to the question of peace
or war as between herself and this nation. How
many gentlemen have entered into arguments to
show the powerful interests which operated upon
the British Government, and which made it pre-
eminently her object to avoid war. Could it be
supposed that the Piesident, before communicating
such a Message as he had transmitted at the com-
mencement of this session, had not sent forward
some letter of instruction to the distinguished indi-
vidual who now represented this country at the
Court of St. James? Did not the President foie-
see that the Message would create a powerful ex-
citement on the English nation; that it would have
a great influence,for good or for evil, either in pre-
serving peace or in provoking war? And did he
not write, or cause the Secretary of Slate to wiite,
to the. American Mimsar, instructions how he
should bear himself m regard to all that might oc-
cur in England upon tins question J It was absurd
to suppose that he had not done so. lie believed
that this House, before being called upon to vote,
had a right to see these instructions. The House
itself had so determined. What were they? What
was their character? Did any man imagine that
yiriiobeil Peel, chaiged as ho was with the inter-
ests of u gie.U nation, would not, IkJoh* ite deUr-
nunod on the action which it w us proper for the
English Government to take upon tho question
as now prevented, seek an interview with the rep-
resentative of the American Go\trnmcnt? That ho
would not put inteirogatories to him in regard to
the true slate of the question, and see whether
; there was not a possibility of adjusting the dif-
I fieuhy; or whether the English Government, was
i to be called upon mmiediaiel) to throw itself upon
! the last le.sorf, to maintain those rights which
that Alunster lmu-.clf ummmued, atler the In-
augmul Ale&sage had been received, England had,
and which it was his determination, ami the detei-
minatiou of Paihament to maintain? Could any
man suppose that tho American Minister was left
without instructions ns to tho couise he should
pursue? Or that he would not send back to his
Government information as to anything which
might have transpired from that staic of things?
No man of sense could doubt it. It was a fact as
certain as a fact could be. It was no matter of
conjecture; it was an undoubted truth. Had not
this House a right to know all? The lesulution
calling for information was passed with the usual
rescnulion of compatibility with the public in-
terests. Why, then, had not this information been
communicated? More than a week ago, a similar
resolution was passed by the Senate, lie had not
learnt that any response had heeti made to it. Had
negotiations been resumed? Had that delicate
point, of honor, which was supposed to have re-
sulted from the inantii r in which the negotiations
had been brought to a close, been overcome? Had
any propositions been submitted by the Ihitish
Government? If so, what was their character?
Nad not the House a rig lit to know ail this before
it acted? Had they not a right to know everything
touching the interests of their constituents, and of
the nation committed to their keeping ? Ought they
not, before taking action on a resolution which was ;
i the first nf a series of measures recommended by
I the President for the assertion and maintenance of
our lights to the whole of Oregon, to know what
the precise state of things was.' Could they deter-
mine wisely and properly whether the action which
they were invited to take was caleukucd to lead
to a peaceful adjustment of the controversy; or
whether its tendency was not rather to produce
Avar, without knowing the true attitude of the
question? He maintained that the House should
not be required to act until all these facts had been
communicated.
Before he proceeded to discuss the question at
issue before the committee, he would inquire of
the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Aliairs, [Mr. C. J. Ixgersoll.] whether
he was now prepared to say, with the same degree
of positiveness which had characterized his former
declaration, that no correspondence had taken
place between the two Governments, or the repre-
sentatives of the two Governments?
Mr. C. J. 1.NGERS0LL rose to explain.
And the floor having been yielded for the pur-
pose,
Mr. INGERSOLL said he did not recollect that
he had said anything on the subject before. He
rather thought he had said nothing. He meant to
say that on that point he rather thought he had
said nothing.
He would now say that recently he believed
some correspondence had taken place between the
British Minister and the Executive of the United
States, which would be laid before the House with-
out delay.
As to instructions, he was not aware that the
President had been called upon to give any.
Mr. GENTRY proceeded. My opinions, then,
are sustained by the revelation made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and, in
my judgment, they will be sustained to the full ex-
tent wheue\er we have an opportunity to know all
the facts. The future will develop these facts, and
1 defer to that time much that 1 would like to say.
1 do not feel authorized to express my views upon
all that has transpued in relation to this great ques-
tion. For if, despite of all eil'orts to avert it, war
docs come, it will be the duty of every man, whether
in public, or private station, to sustain the consti-
tuted authorities of the country, so far as may be
| necessary to enable them to bring the contest to an
i honorable and a glorious termination.
!j After a passing allusion to the charges which
i had been made by suppoiters of the Administia-
t Hon, that the war wnged on this floor was not for
i Oie^on, but to put down one Presidential aspirant,
: and to put up another; dt mmneing as paltry, con-
! lemptible, and unpatriotic, such motives of action
! on the part of hi h public fuuetion.uies; and de-
| daring that if such was the basis of action on the
! part, of any such person, there ought to be <;a
: whip of scorpions placed m every honest hand to
I lash the rascal naked through the woild;" Mr.
G. proceeded to say that he believed if Congrets
! weie to take the couise whi'-h wisdom would point
i out, they would adjourn this debate, us well as all
1 actum ofe\ery kind, until at least the first of May
or dune, even if they did not adjourn it until the
next session. By so doing, they might obtain
lights which now they did not possess ; and delib-
erately take such a course as would be best ndcu-
lated to maintain the rights of the nation. Wheic
was tiie necessity for this precipitate action ? flow
would the rights of the nation be jeopardized by a
postponement of the vote upon the icsolution,
which was an Administiation measure* All he
proposed to say was in reference to this particular
measure, because it was the measure of the Ad-
ministration. It had been repoitod by a committee
composed of a majority of members who were tho
friends and supported of the Administration. And
a similar resolution had been proposed at the other
end of the Capitol. It was, then, an Administra-
tion measure. All questions connceted with the
management of our foreign relations ought to be
placcd beyond the scope of party mows and ptuty
considerations. He regretted therefore the ne-
cessity which would compel him to oppose the
Administration on this question. If he belie\ed
the system of measuies recommended by the Ex-
ecutive to be such as were best calculated to assert
the rights of the nation, to defend its honor, and at
the same time to preserve its peace, he would take
inexpressible pleasure m supporting them.
On what ground was the adoption of the resolu-
tion urged? It was said to be indispensably neces-
sary in order to bring the difficulty as to this ter-
ritory to a speedy and peaceful adjustment. How
wns it to produce that ellect? Had not England
already given us sufficient proof of the fact that
she was desirous for a peaceful and speedy adjust-
ment? Was not Loid Ashburton charged with
its adjustment when he was sent over by the Brit-
ish Government to adjust the other difficulty in re-
lation to the northeastern boundary? And was not
the adjustment of this present difficulty set aside
by reason of the more pressing character of the
other question? Reference to the documents would
sustain him in the assertion that, immediately
thereafter, Lord Aberdeen had forwarded to the
then representative of the British Government here
special instructions to assist in a negotiation for
the adjustment of the northwestern boundary. The
present representative of that Government here
