314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3L
(Mr. Pakenham) had received similar instructions,
and ha& repeatedly importuned our Government
to enter upon negotiations with a view to an ad-
justment. And in all the correspondence a sincere
desire had been expressed on the part of both na-
tions to settle the matter on principles of compro-
mise, in such away as that the rights of both
should be properly settled, and their peace be pre-
served. These negotiations were progressing when
< he present incumbent was elevated to the Presi-
dential chair. In his Inaugural Address, whilst
this negotiation was yet pending, and whilst the
representatives of the two nations were laboring
assiduously to bring it to a just and peaceful issue,
the President declared that the title of the United
States to the whole of Oregon was clear and un-
questionable, and that all the means necessary to
perfect that title and make it complete by occupan-
cy, were to be put in operation. He (Mr. G.)
did not undertake to use the words of the Presi-
dent; the substance was known to all. What was
the effect? An occurrence had transpired (which
ought not to be thrown out of view in this discus-
sion) at a certain convention in Baltimore, by
which it was declared that oui title to the whole of
Oregon was clear and unquestionable; and the
President in his Inaugural Address only reiterated
and reannounced what the representatives of the
democratic party in that convention had previously
asserted. In making this annunciation, therefore,
the President did but respond to the obligation im-
posed on him, as he doubtless sunposed, by that
convention. And he (Mr. G.) thought that all
those who had come to the conclusion that our ti-
tle to the whole of Oregon was clear and unques-
tionable, had found the proof of that title in the re-
solutions of the Baltimore convention, rather than
in the facts and arguments of the case.
What was the effect of that enunciation by the
President? We all know. We all know how it
hid exasperated the English nation. Wc all
k low the response which had been made to it on
the floor of Parliament by the representatives of
the English people. We all know what Sir Robert
Ptel and what Lord John Russell (the leader of the.
o jposition) had said. We all know how the annun-
ciation, to the effect that England had rights in Ore-
gon which she was determined to assert and main-
tain, had been greeted with plaudits from all sides.
In this view of the case, and in order to deter-
mine what efFcct the action they were called upon
to take would be likely to have on the question of
peace or war, we must look to all the accompany-
ing facts and circumstances. The United States
Government, after having made a proposition to
divide the territory by the 49th degree of north
latitude, which proposition was rejected by the
British Minister, huffishly withdrew it; and the
President had then sent in a message to Congress,
stating, that the proposition having been with-
drawn, and the title of the. United States to the
whole of Oregon having been proved by irrefraga-
ble facts and arguments, he recommended the giv-
ing of this notice as the first of a series of measures
which were to eventuate in perfecting our title to
it. And, in this state of facts and circumstances,
Congress was now called upon to carry out that
recommendation. And they were to be compelled
to act on the subject with no other light than that
which has been shed upon it by the documents
hitherto transmitted from the State Department.
They knew nothing more about it. And he as-
serted that, judging of the question by these docu-
ments, this joint resolution was the first of a series
of measures which must, if adopted, inevitably
eventuate in war. He did not believe there was
anything in the nature of the controversy which
ought to prevent its peaceful adjustment. He was
therefore opposed to the measure, bccause he be-
lieved it would be followed up (as, indeed, if adopt-
ed, it ought to be) by those ulterior measures hint-
ed at by the President, when he declared that, at
the end of the twelve months, we must be prepared
either to abandon our rights or firmly to maintain
them. And if this measure was so followed up,
war was inevitable. He did not think that we
ought to go to war for the maintenance of a claim
to the whole of Oregon; for he did not believe that
we had a perfect title to the whole. If he did so
believe, he would be willing to wage war in Us be-
half. He cared not how lon£, how disastrous, or
how terrible the struggle might be, he would go
for such a war, rather than yield up one inch of a
territory which was clearly and unquestionably
ours, or rather than purchase a dishonorable and
disgraceful peace* But we had no such clear title*
We had, by our own repeated and solemn acts,
admitted that we had not. We had, by our own
acts, committed ourselves irretrievably to the fact
that England had rights to that territory as well as
ourselves. Should we be justified, before this in-
telligent nation, in this age, and before the nations
of the earth, in going to war for the whole of a ter-
ritory in regard to which we have placed ourselves
in such an attitude?
What was to be the effect of this notice ? How
would it operate on the English Government?
Would it make that Government negotiate with
us, and adjust peacefully the controversy in such
a way that our rights would be sufficiently main-
tained, and our honor left in tact? What did it
amount to? To this, and no more, that we had a
clear title to the whole of Oregon; that we had
agreed to a joint occupancy; that the time had
come when we wished to terminate it; that at the
end of the year Great Britain was to march out
and withdraw her claims; that the territory was
ours, and we intended to have it; and that if at the
end of the year England did not give it up, we
would, if necessary, take it by arms. Was this a
suasive argument to use to Gieat Britain to induce
her to negotiate and adjust the difficulty ? Was
there a single page in her history which could lead
any sensible man to the conclusion that she could
be induced by such a course to make concessions?
Would she make concessions with the sword of
coercion brandished in her face? Would she even
do that which, in the absence of such an argu-
ment, she would be willing to do? Did gentlemen
desue to put Great Britain in circumstances of dis-
grace before all nations? Would nothing short of
.such a triumph satisfy them ? And were they so
well convinced that she would submit to be thus
disgraced, that, they thought themselves safe in
bullying and blustering? Or did they really be-
lieve that, after all tins bullying, insult and brag-
gadocio, we could make a compulsory peace with
her, and that to them would belong the high honor
and distinction of having driven her to that which
of her own accord she would not have conceded?
Was this the tiiumph that gentlemen desired? Was
this one of those paltry and damnable political ob-
jects suggested by certain supporters of the Ad-
ministration ? lit; would not voluntarily introduce
such suggestions here, but others having done so,
he had a right to refer to them. Were these the
motives of gentlemen ? Were these the high and
honorable and patriotic objects towards which the
men who wielded the destinies of a great nation
should direct their attention? *Was it thus that
gentlemen proposed to acquit themselves of the
high responsibility imposed upon them by the
American people ? He hoped not. He hoped it
might yet turn out to be true, that the President of
the United States was zealously and ardently and
patriotically laboring to effect a peaceful adjust-
ment of the controversy in such a way as to main-
tain the just rights of the Union, and hold its honor
inviolate. He would give no opinion on the sub-
ject until facts had developed what the true state
of things was. lie believed that no measure of
this kind was requisite to induce England to desire
a speedy adjustment. She well knew that that
was her interest; for, in proportion as the adjust-
ment was postponed would her chances of receiv-
ing any considerable portion of the territory be
diminished, tier statesmen were well aware of
this fact. If anything would give us the territory,
it would be the combined operation of time and of
that American multiplication table to which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] had so
delicately alluded.
We had seen by recent advices what the state of
public opinion was in England on the reception of
the President's Message. Was there anything in
these advices to induce a belief that England was
not disposed to a peaceful adjustment? He main-
tained there was not; for whilst one part of the
; Message, as had been remarked by a gentleman
yesterday, was eminently calculated to excite in
the bosom of evciy Englishman a hostile feeling,
there was in another part a salvo calculated to neu-
tralize all injurious and resentful feelings. Mr. G.
; here adverted to the free-trade propositions of the
Message, to the British interests involved in that
contemplated policy, and the motives which it gave
England for compromise and concession so long I
as no issue involving her honor and high position 1
before the world was raised. If Mr. McLane was
now negotiatingwith her a commercial treaty, that
the revenue laws of the United States should be so
modified as to give to England this great nation as
a market for all her manuractured articles, and thus
to crush the rival manufactures of our own coun-
try, which had grown up under the wise and be'
neflcent policy of our ancestors, he was not suie
but that England would agree to adjust the diffi-
culty on almost any terms. Gentlemen talked
about purchasing a dishonorable peace, by the sur-
render of an inch of this territory; but they could
see no dishonor in adapting our own legislation on
questions affecting our own people and nation to
suit the views and interests of the British Govern-
ment; and thus they proposed to "purchase peace
in a controversy for a comparative valueless terri-
tory , by surrendering a system of policy which had
made this nation what it is—which had caused it
to grow, and prosper, and flourish, as no nation in
the history of the world ever had grown, and pros-
pered, ana flourished.
It had been his intention to say something about
the title to this territory. He was not a lawyer,
and not competent, therefore, to go into those dis-
tinctions and technicalities which had been very
properly introduced here, or to determine the
doubtful legal questions involved in that title. The
only law with which he was familiar (and he was
not very sure that he was even master of that) was
the law of common sense. He had examined the
arguments and facts, and he would content himself
with simply announcing that at every point of the
controversy there was at least conflict of claim be-
tween the two Governments; and that if ali-that
each Government contended for was conceded,
their claims, so far as public law was concerned,
were doubtful and indeterminate. His own opin-
ion was, that if his Celestial Majesty the Emperor
of China had the power now to make a settlement
upon any part of the territory of Oregon not occu-
pied by British or American people, and could
maintain it, he might in time establish abetter right
than either England or America; for he (Mr. G.)
did not believe that either the one Government or
the other had done all those things which by the
law of nations were required to give them a perfect
title to the whole.
Mr. G. then adverted cursorily to our claim un-
der the Spanish title; and passed thence to the
argument of the Secretary of State. That gentle-
man (said Mr. G.) was a lawyer; but bring him
up to the Bible to swear to his own arguments,
and he believed he would stand aghast at the idea.
The Secretary knew that we had no perfect title
to the whole of Oregon, and there was no doubt
that he had been very much astonished to find in-
telligent gentlemen on this floor adopt the conclu-
sion that we had. The Secretary had argued as a
lawyer would for his client and his fee; such was
his duty; but that gentleman (Mr. G. thought)
did not himself believe the conclusions at which
he had arrived, nor did he expect any other man
to believe them.
What was to be the effect of this notice ? He
had endeavored briefly to reply to the arguments
made in its favor as a means of inducing a speedy
and peaceful adjustment. He believed that it
would have the contrary effect—to produce war.
What was to be done? The President had com-
mitted this Government, so far as he could com-
mit it, to this position, that the whole of Oregon
was ours; he nad asked this Congress to place
itself in the same position, and to give this notice;
and if it did so, Congress would then have com-
mitted itself to all the measures necessary to carry
it out. What was to be done at the end of the
twelve months ? Would it be consistent with the
honor of this nation, after this notice should have
expired, to permit the cross of St. George to float
over all these forts of which we had heard so
much ? or to admit British laws to have any effect
there ? Would not the United States be compelled
by its own act to exercise all the rights and func-
tions of absolute sovereignty over that territory ?
We would do so. We were bound to do so by
this first step, and we could not, without bringing
disgrace and infamy upon the country, recede
from our position. Nothing short of the whole
of Oregon, and of the absolute right of sovereignty
over the whole of Oregon, would preserve the na-
tional honor, if Congress should pass the notice in
the form in which rt had come from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
