1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
Mr. DELANO, apologizing for obtruding him-
self upon the attemion-.of the committee, remarked,
that as he should irf?ill- probability vote on this
question, against many of those individuals with
whom it was his pride and his pleasure to act, he
regarded it due to himself ana his constituents
briefly to state the reasons which would govern
his vote. He commented upon the magnitude and
the national character of the question, and regarded
it as one in which the whole country, from east to
west, from north to south, were equally interest-
ed, and one whose decision should be uninfluenced
by motives of a sectional or party character. He
apprehended, however, that it had been forced
upon the country by party considerations for the
purpose of prompting the speed and giving velocity
to the probable success of the party now in power
in the administration of this country. Were it not
for this, our citizcns would be continuing quietly to
wend their way to Oregon, and daily to strengthen
our power there—our hearts vibrating in sympathy
responsive to every touch of theirs, and unbroken
by the heights of the mountains between us. But
the question being before them, by whatever means,
it now became their duty to come to such a de-
cision as the rights and honor of the country de-
manded at their hands.
He now advanced to the precise question before
the committee; and having stated it, he said theie
were two considerations that ought to influence
them in its decision; one, the strength of our title,
and the other, the effect which the giving the no-
tice would have upon the country at large. The
latter question he considered one of great im-
portance, and to it he should chiefly direct his re-
marks.
He proceeded, however, first, cursorily to run
over the question oi title. By the right of discovci y
and exploration, setting aside any title we may
have acquired from Spain, he believed we could
claim an indisputable title to 49°—perhaps to 41) I0,
north latitude. He would not be unwilling to take
the affirmative of this question m an action of eject-
ment, and he would rest upon the strength of our
title, not upon the weakness of the title of our ad-
versary.
Rut we had rights beyond this—rights on which
he placed some stress. In or n?.>, Spain ex-
plored the noithwest eoa.st uf America as high up
as 58°, if not as high as 61°, north latitude. Tlus
exploration, he believed, was hastened on the part
of .Spain in consequence of a difficulty that occur-
red between her and Great Britain some time pre-
vious to that in reference to the Falkland islands.
Mr. 1). proceeded to notice successively, and very
briefly, the settlement made by Spain at Nootka
sound; the difficulty arising between that Gov-
ernment and England -out of the seizure by the
former of a vessel owned by citizens of the latter
Government; the immediately subsequent assertion
by Spain of her title to the whole territory; and
the treaty of Nootka sound, in which these diffi-
culties terminated. By this treaty, he had heard
it asserted on this floor, and particularly by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
that Spain conceded rights to Great Britain. He
did not understand from the terms of that treaty
that such was the case; but while Spam claimed
the right of sovereignty to the entire country, and
did not surrender it by the treaty, it was merely
an agreement on her part that between ceiiain
points, governed by certain restrictions, Great
Britain might use and occupy the rounuy jointly
with her.
Now, sir, (said Mr. D.) how does the case stand?
We have acquired all the rights of Spain under the
treaty of 1819. If Spam had any claim to the ter- !
ritory, we have it from her. He agreed that it was !
necessary that discovery and exploration should !
be followed by actual settlement, m order to per- j
feet a title; for if it was not so followed, a sou of j
statute of limitations would apply to the claim.
But Great Britain could not set up any such lim-
itation as a bar to our claim. If two neighbors,
having a claim to a piece of land, agreed to a joint
" occupancy, would that enable one of the parties to
set up a limitation as a barrier to the claim of the
other ? The rights which Spain acquired from dis-
covery could not be divested from her while the
treaty of joint occupancy was m existence. He
alluded to the course of Great Britain m reference
to her light to Oregon in 1818. She then laid a
claim to the whole country and sovereignty over
it. This was before we were possessed of the <
Spanish title, and we then claimed it by the right
of discovery and exploration in regard to the coun-
try watered by the Columbia river. At that time
Great Britain set up a claim to sovereignty over
the country; but in 1827 she abandoned the claim
to sovereignty, and went back to her Nootka
sound treaty, and claimed merely the right of set-
tlement under that treaty. Great Britain now
claimed no exclusive sovereignty over any portion
of that territory. Her present claim was not in
respect to any part, but the whole, and was" lim-
ited to a right of joint occupancy in common with
other States, leaving the right of exclusive domin-
ion in abeyance. The rights claimed by Great
Britain in this territory were defined in the follow-
ing provisions of the JNootka sound treaty, to wit:
" That the respective subjects of the two parties
* should not be disturbed or molested either m nav 
' igating or carrying oil their fisheries in the Pa-
' cific ocean, or in the South seas, or in landing on
' the coasts of those seas, in places not already
' occupied, for the purpose of carrying on their
' commerce with the natives of the country, or of
' making settlements there; that in all places where
' the subjects of cither shall have made settlements
' since the month of April, 1789, or shall hereafter
' make any, the subjects of the other shall have
' free access, and shall carry on their trade without
' any molestation.
Could we not go back and take our stand pre-
cisely where Spam stood atihedate of this treaty?
Which was the best title then, that of Spam or
Great Britain? No neglect on the part of Spain
could be availed of, and we were entitled to take
the same position which Spain had at the time of
the Nootka sound treaty.
He did not profess to be a profound constitu-
tional lawyer, but these were the viewy which he
had been led, by much reflection, to take of this
.subject. He had said all he had intended to say
on this point, and he had submitted the consider-
ations which should govern his actions, whether
they were worth anything or nothing.
It had been said that we had various other titles
under which we could claim Oregon, w ithout refer-
ence lo the titles which lie had maintained. In the
iirst place, it wa^ :-.itd that we had a title under
Adam's will. In the next place, manifest destiny,
it was said, had guen us a title. A third title we
had do ived, accotdmg to the sn<;gcMi<m of one gen-
tleman, from the will of the Creator. He (Mr, l>.)
had heard it suggested that no title, under n will,
could vest unul the testator was dead; and there-
fore he was disposed to doubt whether we could
derive any claim from the last-mentioned title. lie
did not claim Oregon upon any such ground. Nor
did he recognise the title supposed to be derived
from our manifest destiny. He greatly feared that
doctrine of manifest destiny. He feared that it was
one that would delude us into extravagant and
disastrous measures. It was said of glory that it
was like a circle in the water, always enlarging it-
self, until it was at last lost. So it had been said,
in this debate, that the people of the United States
had spread, and were spreading, and would con
finuc to spread from generation to generation. He
feared this system of spreading, for it must ulti-
mately lead to the destruction of the country, its
identity would be lost, lie would not press tiie ac-
quisition of any territory not properly belonging to
us, for he believed that such acquisitions would ulti-
mately do us more harm than good. Mr. D. made
some reference to the acquisition of Texas, for
which there was no apology in the pretension that
it would extend the area of freedom. One of his
' objections to Texas annexation was, that it was
founded upon a doctrine that would ultimately lead
—as had, indeed, been admitted—to an extension
of our territory over the whole continent. He
greatly feared that this was now a growing senti-
ment. He would not add any new territory, but
lor that which he had already lie would contend as
well against the strong as against the weak, haz-
arding for it even a war, if necessary.
What would be the effect of this notice? He \
thought that it would be salutary and amicable. He
did nor apprehend that it would give occasion for
a war. But it was said the measures which would
necessarily follow it would lead to war. That
(Mr. f). said) would depend very much upon what
we should do after giving the notice. It could
hardly be supposed that two nations, m forming a
treaty for an amicable settlement of a question,
should introduce a stipulation, a compliance with
' which would necessarily lead to a war. He thought
. that the proper course to pursue was, to sweep
i away all the impediments which were now before
: us m the way of occupying and settling the coun-
! try, and afterwards to take such steps as prudence,
! caution, and justice should demand. So far as the
notice was concerned, we should have justice on
our side. Let us give this notice, (said Mr. D.,)
and give it now; for a neglect to do it would ulti-
mately lead to the most evil consequences.
What was our situation now? Were we not
involved in the disastrous consequences of a long
delay m the settlement of this question ? Themis-
fortune was that at the Baltimore convention it was
necessary to make some new issues. The South
was anxious to obtain Texas, and it was necessary
for the success of the paity to gratify the South.
But this could not be done without seasoning the
dish in such a way as to make it palatable to other
sections of the country, and, therefore, Oregon was
thrown into it to make it go down. Let us not
(said Mr. D.) keep up this question as a plaything
for political parties, it might feed the fury of
party strife, but it would be destructive of the best
interests of the country. The noticc ought to 1 e
given, with the view to take the question out of the
hands of politicians and party men.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Territories, [Mr. Douglass,] had said that we
were now in a fever. It was true we were in a fe-
ver, and he much wished that the fever might be
abated. Any competent physician would pro-
nounce it a burning fever under which we were
; suffering, and that the proper remedy for it would
j be to take away the cause of the fever. If we left
! the question open another year, what would be the
| consequence? We should have another message,
i with a disquisition of several pages, and claiming
i the whole of Oregon and recommending the notice,
j Wheie, then, would be the commerce and the bu~
! sincss of this countiy, if this state of agitation
| should be continued?
I He had no fear that our President was in favor
| of a war. Ho had no doubt that he. desired a
' peaceable nnd just settlement of this question,
j The President's principles and views m regard to
; a reform of the tariff would prevent him from seek-
, ing to plunge the country into a war.
It v as said that this notice would lead to a war,
but lie had seen and heard no evidence by which he
could be convinced of that. Whence came this cry
of war2 J t came from a quarter where, as he had
always supposed, men were born insensible to fear;
from tho«jo who carried their hearts in their hands;
and from those who were also equally willing to go
i into a conflict for a just right with Great Britain as
| with Mexico.
; ^ These gentlemen now told us of the dangers and
| disasters of war, and the power and resources of
j our contemplated enemy. One gentleman had told
i us that making the circuit of the globe he could
; hear the motnmg and e-venmg diums of England
j from the rising to the setting of the sun.
! All this (stud Mr. D.) is fantasy. Gentleman
j were certainly dreaming, and not speaking of re-
I alities. Another gentleman had descried m the
1 heavens a dark, lowering cloud, rising from Ore-
igon, and darting out bayonets, and bomb-shells,
i and red-hot shot. This was a vision; and as it
! came from an elderly gentleman, it might be said
that "our old men saw visions," as in the other
case it might be as justly said that{< our young men
dreamed dreams." Certainly these gentlemen
were much more subject to the application of these
quotations than was the venerable gentleman from
I Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] to whom it had
I been m part applied by the gentleman from Vir-
} ginia, [Mr. Hunter.] No, sir, (said Mr. D.,) a
I notice will not produce a war; and the danger of a
j war, as resulting from it, could not be objected to
jits adoption, even if it should be admitted that
such danger was to be the criterion of our action.
But, according to his view of the matter, the con-
sequences of this course were not to be considered
when we were claiming our just rights. In every
question in which our national rights were involved,
he would support them, without stopping to in-
quire how potent might be that nation which dis-
puted them.
As to the manner in which the notice should be
given, he declared himself to be in favor of the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama, [Air.
Hilliard,] to wit: that we should give the Presi-
dent the power to give the notice whenever he
