318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb; 6,
might think it proper. This question has been
pressed upon us in consequence of its agitation at
the Baltimore convention. But it was now here,
and he did not wish to put it in the power of the
President to say that he was prevented from carry-
ing out his views by the opposition of the Whigs.
The discretionary power which he thus proposed
to give to the President could not be exerted in a
manner to endanger the interests of the country.
It could not be supposed that the President wanted
a war. If he did want a war, he had ample means
of provoking it without this notice.
One of his colleagues on the other side of the
House had expressed his desire that this discretion
should not be given to the President, but that the
power should be exercised by Congress. His
colleague wanted some more humbug about this
affair, although the party use made of the question
had put the country in the position in which it
now was. Gentlemen had now found out who
James K. Polk was. If they had learned the
Whigs who he was before they had found out
themselves, they were not to blame the Whigs for
it. He (Mr. D.) was perfectly willing to give the
power to the President, to do whatever, in this
matter, the interest and honor of the country might
require in his estimation. He would leave his
action unrestrained, and then, before God and his
country, he would hold him responsible for what
he did.
It had been said that we of the North now go
for Oregon upon sectional ground; that we wish
to extend our population, territory, and power,
and therefore make this our question.
Something had also been said in reference to
hostility to southern institutions as a motive of our
action. If the charge of sectional considerations
was intended to apply to his colleague, [understood
to be Mr. Giddings,] he would say that he did not
deserve the charge. Shall we (said Mr. D.) be
accused of sectional motives? I deny the charge.
He callcd upon gentlemen to answer for their own
declarations and deeds before they accused the
friends of Oregon of sectional motives. He (Mr.
D.) was not here at the last session, when the de-
bates on this subject took place; but hearing his
own country traduced by the accusation of actmir
under sectional feelings, he thought that he would
refer back to the debates of the late session, and
see what had been said on that occasion.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] had said:
" Let the South look to it. He warned them
4 that if the area of southern interests and southern
' growth was to be thus circumscribed, while the
' area for northern expansion was stretchcd beyond
4 the Rocky mountains, until the western hunter
' and the northern emigrant should lave their weary
' limbs in the waters of the calm Pacific, the South
4 would indeed be wretched.
44 It is no time for the South to pause, to tem-
4 porize, to compromise. The time for safe con-
4 cession has gone by; opinions arc arrayed; the
4 South must meet the crisis; Texas is the stake;
" < Here must we stand,
And breast us to the shock.*"
Would any one accuse him and his friends of
sectional sentiments after such declarations as
these? And the object of these declarations was
to extend and perpetuate the existence of slavery.
These gentlemen now charge us with sectional
views. He hurled back the charge. If the charge
applied to any party or portion of the country, it
was not to him and his friends.
He (Mr. D.) would say that " this was not the
time for the North to pause, to temporize, or to
compromise. The time for safe concession had
gone by; opinions were arrayed; the North must
meet the crisis; Oregon was the stake; and
" Here must we stand,
And breast us to the shock."
And I (concluded Mr. D.) will do all that lies
in my power to sustain the North in this position.
Mr RHETT then obtained the floor; when
A motion was made that the committee rise, on
which a quorum did not vote.
Another count was called for. No quorum
voted. .  
The committee rose and reported the iact.
The SPEAKER having taken the chair,
Mr. HENLEY moved a call of the House;
PAd mSt^was made by Mr. STEPHENS (at a
quarter past 4 o 'clock, p. m.) to adjourn; on winch
the yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as
follows: For the adjournment, 45; against it, 65.
And so the House refused to adjourn.
The call moved by Mr. Henley was then or-
dered.
And the Clerk commenced to call the roll; wlien
Mr. RHETT moved to dispense with the call.
Carried.
Mr. R. then moved to go into Committee of the
Whole
The CHAIR said the motion could not be put
in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. COBB moved a recess till half past 7
o'clock, p. m.
Mr. WINTHROP raised, as a question of order,
that, in the absence of a quorum, the motion for
an evening session was not in order: the only
thing which the House could do was to adjourn,
or to take measures to compel the attendance of
absent members.
The CHAIR ruled in favor of the point raised
by Mr. Winthrop.
Mr. VANCE then moved an adjournment, (20
minutes to 5 o'clock.)
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as
follows: For the adjournment 59, against it 53.
Just a quorum.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow, at 10
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Pcbruitry 6, 1846.
The House, in pursuance of its order of yester-
day, met at 10 o'clock.
iVlr .1. R. 1NGERSOLL moved that the read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. RATH15UN asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McILVAINE (remarking; that nothing like
a quorum was present) moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES inquired whether
the reading of the Journal had been dispensed
Willi.
Mr. RATHBUN said, if the gentleman who
had made that motion would withdraw it 
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that, from
the present appearenee of the House, it would not
be in order to read the Journal.
The {lending question was on the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER said, the motion to adjourn
would take precedence over a motion that there be
a call of the House.
The question, " Will this House adjourn ?" was
then taken, and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashmun, Mcllvaine, and
Woodwurth—3.
NAYS—Messrs. S. Adams, Arnold, Biggs.
James A. Black, John H. Campbell, Reuben
Chapman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Crazier, Culver,
Cunningham, Darnel, jiargan, Jefferson Davis,
Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fries, Giddmgs,
Giles, Hilliurd, George S. Houston, Hungerford,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Leili, Long, McClean, McClelland, Mc-
Kay, Barclay Martin, Morse, Moseley, Moulton,
Nuriis, Paiish, Peirill, Pollock, Price, Rathbun,
Real, Rhett, Ritter, Runk, Sawyer, Scammon,
Se\erance, Alexander D. Sims, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Stephens, St. John, Strolnn, Strong,
Thibodcaux, Thomasson, James Thompson, Tib-
batts, Wheuton, Woodward, Yancey, and Yell—
G4.
So the House refused to adjourn.
But no quorum voted, [though a number of mem-
bers entered the hall ad interim.]
The SPEAKER said there was evidently a quo-
rum present, and the Journal might now be read.
The motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, that its
reading lie dispensed wilh, was then renewed; and
the question being taken—■
The SPEAKER announced that the reading of
the Journal had been dispensed with.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. VANCE insisted 011 the reading of the Jour-
nal.
The SPEAKER said that, by a vote of two-
thirds, the reading could be dispensed, and, ac-
cording to the sound upon the ear of the Speaker,
two-thirds had so voted.
Mr. VANCE called for a division, which was
taken; and the vote stood—yeas 66, noes 40.
So two-thirds of those present did not vote in
the affirmative.
But no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER said there was evidently a quo-
rum present.
The motion that the reading of the Journal be
dispensed with was thereupon withdrawn.
And the J ournal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved. *
OREGON.
Whereupon, the House, on motion of Mr. Mc-
KAY, resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Ken-
tucky, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the joint resolution of notice.
Mr. RHETT, who was entitled to the floor
from last evening, rose and said he had obtained
the floor for the purpose of completing the obser-
vations which he was unable to go through when
he occupied the attention of the House formerly
upon the bill for raising a regiment of mounted
riflemen. He had then touched only on one branch
of the subject; and he had intended now to speak
upon the question of title. But it was thought that
there was a degree of impropriety that he should
speak in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, when he had previously spoken up-
on this subject on the bill which he had mentioned.
Under these circumstances, being incapable of
offending a sense of justice, and much less of im-
propriety in his course of conduct, he should there-
fore decline addressing the committee.
[Various cries of " Go on," " go on."]
Mr. R. resumed his seat.
Mr. J. DAVIS obtained the floor; but proposed
to yield to Mr. Rhett, if that gentleman would
now go on with his remarks.
Mr. RHETT again declined. It was impossi-
ble for him (he said) to violate what he conceived
to be the very plainly-expressed opinion of gentle-
men on this floor.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS addressed the com-
mittee during the hour. He knew not (he said)
whether he more regretted the time at which this
discussion has been introduced, or the manner in
which it has been conducted. We were engaged
in delicate and highly important negotiations with
Mcxico, the end of which we had hopea would
be an adjustment of our boundary on terms the
vast advantage of which it would be difficult to
estimate. If, sir, (said Mr. D.,) by this exciting
discussion we shall hereafter find that we have lost
the key to the commerce of the Pacific, none who
hears me will live long enough to cease from his
regrets for the injury our country has sustained.
Again, sir; a long peace has served to extend the
bonds of commerce throughout the civilized world,
drawing nations from remote quarters of the globe
into friendly alliance an d that mutual dependence
which promised a lasting peace and unshackled
commerce. In the East, there appeared a rain-
bow which promised that the waters of national
jealousy and proscription were about to recede
from the facc of the earth, and the spirit of free
trade to move over the face thereof. But this, sir,
is a hope not so universally cherished in this
House as I could desire. We have even been told
that one of the advantages to result from war will
be emancipation from the manufacturers of Man-
chester and Birmingham.
I hope, sir, the day is far distant when meas-
ures of peace or war will be prompted by section-
al or class interests. War, sir, is a dread alterna-
tive, and should be the last resort; but when de-
manded for the maintenance of the honor of the
country, or for the security and protection of our
citizens against outrage by other Governments, I
trust we shall not sit here for weeks to discuss
the propriety, to dwell upon the losses, or paint
the horrors of war.
Mr. Chairman, it has been asserted that the peo-
ple demand action, and we must advance. Whilst,
sir, I admit the propriety of looking to and reflect-
ing public opinion, especially upon a question
which is viewed as deciding between peace or war,
I cannot respond to the opinion, nor consent to
govern my conduct by the idea, that the public
