1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
man who attempts to stem the current of a war
excitement must be borne down, sacrificed on the
altar of public indignation. Sir, may the day never
come when there will be so little of public virtue
and patriotic devotion among the representatives
of the people, that any demagogue who chooses
to make violent and unfounded appeals to raise a
war clamor in the country will be allowed, unop-
posed, to mislead the people as to the true ques-
tions at issue, and to rule their representatives
through their love of place and political timidity.
Mr. Chairman, I nave been struck with sur-
prise, only exceeded by mortification, at the free-
dom with which disgrace and dishonor have been
mingled with the name of our country. Upon one
side, to give notice, and involve the country in a
war, is disgrace; upon the other side, not to give
notice, to rest in our present position, is dishonor.
And my colleague [Mr. Thompson] says "notice"
is the only way to avoid war; that to extend our
laws over our people in Oregon is war—a war of
disgrace. Sir, whence comes this decision, this
new light upon the Oregon question ? The leaders
in the Oregon movement, in other times, held dif-
ferent views. And, sir, the discussions upon Or-
egon, at former periods, would certainly not suf-
fer by a comparison with ours; nor, sir, did the
commissioners wlio negotiated the convention of
joint occupancy, either English or American, so
understand it.
Mr. Gallatin has recently callcd public attention
to the fact, that in 1827, our plenipotentiary re-
fused to agree to any express provision that, in
extending the convention of 1818, neither party
should exercise any exclusive sovereignty over
the territory. The probability that it might be-
come necessary for the United States to establish
a territorial or some sort of government over their
own citizens was explicitly avowed. Sir, by dis-
covery, exploration, and possession, we claimed
exclusive sovereignty over the valley of the Co-
lumbia, and our exclusive possession as against
England was admitted by the restoration of our
posts in Oregon—the formal, actual surrender of
Astoria. The convention for joint right to trade
in Oregon did not destroy our exclusive possession
of a part, nor limit the rights or powers we. mi^lil
exercise within their former bounds; and iluit this
is the British construction, is sufficiently apparent
by the assertion of rights as derived fiom the Noot-
ka convention over the same territory.
Nothing can bo more demonstrable than the un-
fitness of joint-occupation rights ts an agricultural
people. It was not designed so to operate, but
was designed for a country in the hands of hunt-
ers, trappers, and Indian traders.
The Hudson Bay Company, so often represent-
ed as colonizing Oregon, has interests directly op-
posed to agricultural settlements. The fur-trappers
have been (if my information is correct) aided in
establishing themselves on the south side ofOregon.
Fur-trading companies usually require their dis-
charged hands to leave the country, and resist, in-
stead of promoting, colonization—of necessity
destructive to their trade. The Pugct Sound Com-
pany is agricultural, and its settlements are in vio-
lation of our convention with England; and the
notice required is to forbid such infraction of the
treaty. That no right to plant colonies can be de-
duced from the conventions of 1818 and 18^7 is too
plain to admit of argument. The claim, if any,
must be drawn from the convention between Eng-
land and Spain, callcd the Nootka convention. If
that convention be still in force, it must be because
it was the declaration of rights, not the grant of
advantages; and thus, for the sake of argument, I
will consider it.
That Spain had the exclusive right of occupa-
tion on the northwest coast of America, as far as
her discoveries extended, was not denied; but the
question was, Had she, without having occupied
the country, an exclusive sovereignty over it?
Denying this pretension of Spain, Great Britain
demanded indemnification for the seizure of Brit-
ish vessels at Nootka sound by the Spanish au-
thorities. This led to the agreement upon which
Great Britain has built her claim to territory m
the Oregon country. Before entering upon the
consideration of the terms of the convention itself,
I will refer to the events that led to it.
Long before the voyage of Meares, the port of
Nootka sound was known to the Spanish naviga-
tors. It was the usual resort of the trading vessels
in the north Pacific. Meares, in 1788, visited it,
and built a vessel there. For the use of his men,
he erected a hut on the shore, by permission of the
Indian king, and threw some defences around it,
enclosing (according to Vancouver) about an acre
of land. Meares, in return for the kindness of
the Indian, (Maquinna,) gave him a pair of pis-
tols. In his narrative, he gives a detailed account
of the transaction, but does not call it a purchase;
that was an after-thought, and first figured in his
memorial. Sir, if there had been nothing beyond
the narrative of Meares, the temporary character
of his location would be fully established. There
it appears that when about to sail, leaving a part
of his men behind him, he bribed the Indian king,
by offering him the reversion of the hut and chat-
tels on shore, to permit his men to remain in peace,
and complete the building of the vessel they had
commenced.
To show the character of Meares, the purpose
of his voyages in the north Pacific, and the coun-
try along which Great Britain claimed the right to
trade, I will refer to the work of an Englishman,
cotemporary with Meares, and one of the most en-
terprising of the navigators of the north Pacific.
Itis " Dixon's Voyage around the World." Thus
it appears that Meares was a fur-trader, and of
poor character for his calling; and more important
still, it appears that the coast, from Cook's river
to King George's sound, was the extent of the re-
gion in which British cruisers traded. This, taken
in connexion with the. 5th article of the Nootka
convention, serves to fix the latitude in which joint
settlement would be permitted.
The message of the King of Great Britain, com-
municating the transaction at Nootka, rel'eis only
to the seizure of vessels; not a word about lands
of which British subjects had been dispossessed.
And when the proposition to vote an addiess of
thanks to hi.s Majesty for the conduct and success-
ful termination of the negotiation, neither in the
House of Lords or Commons did any one chum
an acquisition of territory; and to the bitter irony
and severe assaults of Mr. Fox upon the position
in which the territorial pretensions of England had
been left, his great rival, Mr. Pitt, then'minister,
made no reply, but pressed the commercial ad-
vantages gamed by England.
The only link lemauuiig to be supplied, and
which completes the claim of construction, is the
examination and final action of Quadra and Van-
couver, when sent as commissioners to carry out
the first article of the convention.
If, then, no tracts of land could be found which
had been purchased by Meares; if no buildings of
which he had been dispossessed, and the Spanish
flag was never struck to that of Great Britain,
Spain still maintaining her settlement at Nootka;
the parallel north of which the joint right of set-
tlement exists must be drawn through the northern
extremity of Quadra and Vancouver's island; the
established rule of nations being, that settlement
oil an island is held to extend to the whole of the
island.
Oregon territory, then, is divided into a portion
where we have possession above the treaty, and
over which we can exercise all the rights not in-
consistent with the trade permitted to England;
another portion, in which, admitting the Nootka
convention to be still in force, we have, with Eng-
land, a joint right of trade and settlement; this be-
ing limited to the south by a line down through
the head of the Quadra and Vancouver island.
Between these portions, if there be any territory,
it is ill the condition of a joint right in England and
the United States to occupy for fur trade, and the
agricultural settlements are in violation of the spirit
of the treaty.
Whenever the joint right by convention ceases,
we must at once assert our exclusive right, or
thenceforward possession matures into right on the
part of Great Britain. During the continuance of
the convention the title remains unimpaired ; we
are in possession; can establish overthe undisputed
part of the territory whatever regulations may be
necessary to promote good order, and encourage
emigration of agriculturists. Between England
and the United States, the party having bread in
Oregon must triumph.
No army can be sustained there for any consid-
erable time by either country if the food must be
transported from abroad to support it.
Never had man better right to cry "save mc from
my friends" than the President of the United States
on this occasion. His positive recommendation
has been made subordinate to his suggestion. He
has urged to extend protection to our citizens in
Oregon, but advised that notice be given to ter-
minate the treaty of joint occupancy for reasons
given. All this has been reversed, and the posi-
tive, unqualified declaration of a perfect title to the
whole of Oregon up to 54° 40' comes strangely
from those who claim to support an Administra-
tion that has offered nearly the same compromise
line which had been time and again proposed by
his predecessors. Sir, for the honor of my coun-
try, I hope that we have not been for thirty years
negotiating when there was no conflicting claim;
and for past as for the present Executive, I utterly
deny that they have ever proposed to cede away a
part of the territory, when our title was complete,
to appease the voracious demands of England. It
was a difficult and doubtful question; it was the
adjustment of an undefined boundary. If the Pres-
ident should find himself compelled to close this
question in twelve months, without any appropri-
ation, without any preparation, he will be con-
strained to choose between compromise or war
measures with the country unprepared. This will
be the result of our action; and if he should effect
a treaty by such a boundary as will not compromit
the honor of the country, I for one—much, sir, as
I wish to retain the whole territory—will give my
full support as heretofore, and prepare for my
share of whatever responsibility attaches. Sir,
why has the South been assailed in this discus-
sion ? Has it been with the hope of sowing dis-
sension between us and our western friends? Thus
far, I think it has failed. Why the frequent refer-
ence to the conduct of the South on the Texas
question ? Sir, those who have made reflections
oil the South, as having sustained Texas annexa-
tion i'f uru sectional views, have been of those who
opposed that great measure, and arc most eager for
this. The suspicion is but natural in them. But,
sir, letine. tell them that this doctrine of the politi-
cal balance between different portions of the Union
is no southern doctrine. We, sir, advocated the
annexation of Texas from high national considera-
tions; it was not a mere southern question; it lay
coterminous to the Western States, and extended
as far north as the 42d degree of latitude; nor, sir,
do we wish to divide the territory ofOregon; we
would preserve it all for the extension of our
Union. We would notarrest the onward progress
of our pioneers. We would not, as has been done
in this debate, ask why our citizens have left the,
repose of civil government and gone to Oregon?
YVe find in it but that energy which has heretofore
been characteristic of our people, and which has
developed nuich that has illustrated our history.
It is the onward progress of our people towards the
Pacific, which alone can arrest their westward
march; and on the banks of which, to use the idea
of our lamented Linn, the pioneer will sit down to
weep that there are no more forests to subdue.
Sir, the gentleman from Missouri has, in claiming
credit to different States for services m time past,
wandered round Mississippi, and passed over it un-
noticed. 1 wish not to eulogize my State, but, thus
diawn to my notice, let me tell him that at Pensa-
cola, at Bowyer, in the Creek campaigns, and on
the field to which he specially alluded, (New Or-
leans,) the people of Mississippi have performed
services that give earnest for the future, and iclieve
her sons of the necessity of offering pledges for
her. It was Mississippi dragoons, led by her
gallant Hinds, that received from the commanding
general the high commendation of having been the
admiration of one army and the wonder of the
other.
It is as the representative of a high-spirited and
patriotic people that I am called on to resist this
war clamor. My constituents need no such excite-
ments to prepare their hearts for all that patriotism
demands. Whenever the honor of the country de-
mands redress, whenever its territory is invaded,
if then it shall be sought to intimidate by the fiery
cross of St. George—if then we are threatened with
the unfolding of English banners, if we resent or
resist—from the gulf shore to the banks of that
great l-iver—throughout the length and breadth,
Mississippi will come. And whether the question
be one of northern or southern, of eastern or west-
ern aggression, we will not stop to count the cost,
but act as becomes the descendants of those who, m
the war of the Revolution, engaged in unequal strife
to aid our brethren of the North in redressing their
injuries.
