320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 0.
rfare i*'16 fxf>0Sf;c' poi'1'011 of the Union, j should exorcise their judgments on every question
u nothing- has been done bv tins fiiu-prnnipnt «.k;aU   i>. ' :,i ,• „ ...j
and nothing has been done by this Government
adequate to our protection. Yet, sir, in the lan-
guage of our patriotic Governor on a rccent occa-
sion, if " war comes, though it bring blight and
desolation, yet we are ready for the crisis.'" "We
despise malign predictions, such as the member
from Ohio who spoke early in these debates, made,
and turn to such sentiments as those of another
member from that State, the gentleman near me.
In these was recognised the feelings of our western
brethren, who, we doubt not, whenever the demand
shall exist, will give proof of such valor as 011 for-
mer occasions they have shown; and if our plains
should be invaded, they will come down to the foe
like a stream from the rock.
Sir, when ignorance and fanatic hatred assail our
domestic institutions, we try to forgive them for the
sake of the righteous among the wicked—our nat-
ural allies, the Democracy of the North. We turn
from present hostility to former friendship—from
recent defection, to the time when Massachusetts
and Virginia, the stronger brothers of our family,
stood foremost and united to defend our common
rights. From sire to son lias descended the love
of our Union m our hearts, as in our history aie
which came up for consideration and decision. He
knew that a sort of spirit of ill-feeling prevails at
tunes among the members of the Democratic party,
as well as the Whig party; ami he knew that on
another very important question, which was set-
tled at the last session of Congress, thex*e was some
disposition on the part of certain gentlemen to read
out other members of the Democratic party, be-
cause their opinions differed. While he condemn-
ed—while he disapproved totally, entirely—the
course of their friends who did not stand with them
upon the Texas question, he did not consider it his
province, nor was it his desire, to interfere between
them and their constituents. And he took the same
position in reference to this question. He did not
pretend to make this question of notice the dividing
! line of democracy and whigery. He must say this,
; however, in reference to the remarks of one gentlc-
; man from Tennessee, [Mr.Gentry,] who condemn-
J ed the feeling that seemed to exhibit itself in some
| parts of this Mouse, calculated to excite party feel-
j mgs on this question. And what course did the
i gentleman himself pursue? Why, he was the first
, member w I10 had made it boldly, avowedly, an Ad-
ministration and an anti-Administration question—
mingled the names of Concord and Camden, of i; the first who had characterized it as an Admi
\oiktowu and Saratoga, of AJonline and Piatts- |i
burg, of Chippewa and Erie, of Rowyer and Guil- I;
ford, and New Orleans and Hunker Hill. Group- I,
ed together, they form a monument to the common |i
glory of our common country. And whcie is the M
southern man -who would wish that monument \'<
were less by one of the northern names that con- ji
stitute the mass? Who, standing on the ground !;
made sacred by the blood of Warren, could allow |'
sectional feeling- to curb his enthusiasm as he look-
ed upon that obelisk which rises a monument to j,
freedom's and his country's tnumph, and stands \\
a type of the time, the men, and the event that it !>
commemorates, built of material that mocks the \'<
waves of time, without niche or moulding ibr par- i'
time or creeping thing to rest 011, and pointing T
like a finger to the sky to mise man's thoughts to |;
philanthropic, and noble deeds. '!
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON said he should have
omitted a participation in this debate at present,
had it not been for the peculiar circumstances
which surrounded lum as one of the representa-
tives of Alabama. He knew that similar apolo-
gies were used by very many gentlemen, and iniiHit
not generally meet full credenec; but he repeated
that he felt it due alike to himself and to Ins con-
stituents to give some of the leaxous "which would
justify and dircct his vote upon this occasion.
He did not intend at all to contribute, if he could
help it, to any effort thnt seemed to some extent
to have been made in this House to make this a
sectional or a party question. And while he dis-
approved of the remarks originally made by the
gentleman from New Yoik, [Air. King,] m the
same spirit of frankness, lie meant to express his
disapprobation of tiie remarks in reply thereto of
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr.
XvHf.tt,] and his own colleague [Mr. Y.wcn-j.]
This was a question—and he wished to sec it so
treated—which soared above all party and all sec-
tional considerations. And it astonished him that
gentlemen from the West should have treated it at
all in this manner. He considered that this and
the Texas question were both national questions,
affecting equally all portions of the country.
He had heard a good deal said about a war party
ond a peace party, but that was all stuff. He did
not believe there was a war party and a pcacc par-
ty in this House. True, the coursc of some gen-
tlemen in this House might result in war, and the
couise of others might be better calculated to pre-
tratiou measure, and had come up in opposition to
it, and made his attacks upon it because it v/as a
Administration measure.
Another gentleman [Mr. Cockk] had commented
on the eouise of the present go\ ernor of Tennessseo
at the lost session of Congress, ond had quoted
| that gentleman's opinion, as imbodied in his re-
; jioit as ehamuan of the Committee on Territories,
that this was pimly an Executive question, in
| \\ hich Congress had no right to interfere. But he
, legie'ied that that honorable member was not now
I m his seat, as he wished to call his attention to the
; fact that he had omitted to read a paragraph in
; that report (of Air. A. V. Brown) immediately suc-
eeeding that which he had road, and which mate-
| naily changed the view which the gentleman rep-
: itsemed lianas imwng taken.
Air. I 1. lead the pruagiaph refencd to, in which
he s.tid the then chairman of the Committee on
Tei ntone* [Mr. Brow n] went 011 to argue that, as
nc^olialtonK wrve then in. progress, connecting that'
fad as the principal reason, with his doubt upon
this question of the power of Congress, he declined j
to discuss the question of notice. But there was j
anoihei circumstance to which thcgcntleman should i
have itl\ rred. Afterwaids, when the notice was
incorpoiatcd m the bill of the last session, the rco-
oul xbowrd that that same gentleman, the chair-
man of the Committee on Terutories, voted for the
bill. Was (hat not givinghis sanction to the power
of the liouse and of Congress to act upon this
subje< t'
lint he wished a little further to examine the
matter of this report of the last session. The pres-
ent chanman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, [Mr. Tibuatts,] as well as
he himself, (Air. XT.,) were upon that committee,
and were peibops somewhat implicated in this
matter, lie (Air. H.) was much engaged at the
last session on the Committee 011 Public Lands,
and attended the sessions of the Committee on
Territories but little. He did not remember that
he heard that report read in committee. But how
did it happen that the gentleman from Tennessee j
had omitted to state that his honorable colleague '
now m his eye, [Mr. M. Browx,] was also a mem-
ber of that committee* And if he (Mr. H.) as-
sented to the punciples of that repoit, surely the
gentleman's colleague also assented to them. So
if there was any inconsistency, any culpability
connected with this matter, the gentleman from
serve peace; yet that they had m Mew to produce ij Tennessee was equally involved.
war, he did not beheve there was such a party m y Air. M. BRO\VN rose to make an explanation,
this House. j! and was proceeding to say a few words, when
A good deal had been said about reading out of jl Mr. HOUSTOJN, learning from the chairman
the Democratic church members of the Democratic
party. They all, if they were honest in their pro-
fessions, stood 011 the same broad basis he occupied,
S that this interruption would be counted in his time,
declined to yield.
Mr. BROWN, still being on the floor, remarked
and they had the same right to read him out. And '' that he apprehended that the gentleman dreaded an
he condemned the, remaiks of the gentleman from explanationj-nore than the loss of his time.
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] if they were correctly ^ Mr. HOUSTON, resuming, said he would will-
understood by the honorable gentleman from Vir- !; ingly yield to the explanation of the gentleman,
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who attempted, as was charged S and of all other gentlemen, if his time allowed,
upon the gentleman, to interfere between the rep- :j He desired to do no gentleman injustice; and if he
resentatives from Virginia and their constituents, jj did not represent their positions entirely satisfacto-
But he believed the gentleman was misunderstood |; rily to gentlemen, they could take their chance for
in such a construction. Air. H. claimed that all l! the floor as he had done.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Da-
vis] and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C. B.
Smith,] who had made allusions to the Mormon
war, had made a minority report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, in which they contended
that this question of notice was not one within the
powers of Congress to act upon. But compare
this with the Journal of last Congress, and what
an inconsistency did gentlemen see! The gentle-
man's [Mr. Davis's] vote was recorded in favor of
imbodying in the bill of last session the proposi-
tion of notice. Certainly this presented a case
which at least required as much explanation as
the difficulties attempted to be thrown around him
(Mr. H.) But they might be told by the gentle-
man from Kentucky that he had voted for the in-
sertion of the notice in order to defeat the bill.
What position did this explanation place the gen-
tleman in? To vote for a proposition which he
believed not only to be beyond the power of Con-
gress to act upon, but a proposition which he be-
lieved would involve us in war, and would bring
destruction and devastation upon the interests of
this country, in order to defeat another measure
which it wTas entirely competent fbr this House to
pass!
But the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] as well as another of his colleagues,
[Mr. Leake,] had spoken of another fact connect-
ed with the vote of the democratic party; and had
asked if this notice was now ti party measure, why
it was not equally so at the last session of Con-
gress, when the entire democratic party, with a few
exceptions, voted against the insertion of that notice
in that bill. But Mr. H. referred in explanation
of this vote, to the fact that negotiations were then
pending on that subject, and said that these gentle-
men were then opposed to interfering with the
Executive department while it was then under con-
sideration.
[A voice. " Are not negotiations going on
now?"]
Mr. DKOMGOOLE (in his seat) was understood
to remark that it was immaterial whether they
were going or not; that if they were, the notice
would not interfere with it, but would probably
hasten them.
Mr. HOUSTON, in reply to the anonymous in-
quiry, said he understood not, though fie did not
profess to be in the secrets of the Administration.
He also mentioned, in explanation of the vote of
democratic members at the last session, against the
insertion of the notice m the territorial bill, the
fact that there was at that time on their tables a
icsolution or a bill containing the naked notice,
winch many gentlemen wished to act upon separate-
ly from the bill, so that each measure might stand
upon its own merits, and not be prejudiced by con-
nexion with the other. This he considered a full
explanation of the votes of democratic members at
the last session of Congress against the insertion
of the notice in the Territorial bill.
Another consideration which would influence
him, and he presumed would influence other gen-
tlemen, who really desired to legislate effectively
on the subject of Oregon. He did not wish to be
understood as saying he would subscribe to any-
thing which might come from the Executive of
the United States. He did not come here to re-
cord his vote at the mere recommendation of the
Executive; nevertheless, as one of the true friends
of Oregon—as one who wished to protect our citi-
zens m that territory—what, he asked, was it
proper to do? Why, the present .President of
the United States had committed himself in 1829
against a Territorial bill without the notice, and
was also understood to have entertained opinions
adverse to some provisions of the territorial bill
of the last Congress. Might he not feel himself
bound by that committal ? And thereby might not
the action of Congress be defeated, unless it was
so shaped as to obviate these objections ? Although
he (Mr. H.) believed that the Congress of the
United States had the power to pass the bill of the
last Congress, and that it did not violate the treaty
between the United States and Great Britain, it
was useless to pass a bill which it was not proba-
ble would be approved by the President. As one
of the fi iends of Oregon, he would yield up, under
these circumstances, that which he believed to be
the better opinion, and take that which he believed
to be the next best.
But he wished to make a remark or two in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. G-entry,]
