822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
we must then giye the notice before we passed the
bill.
He maintained that the proper course for us "was
to march directly up to the point—to give the notice,
and terminate the treaty—that wo may bring about
such results as are desirable to the two Govern-
ments—that we may define their rights, if there
are rights on the part of both nations to be defined
in that country. If war was to be the result of our
action in relation to Oregon, it would not come
from giving the notice. It had been remarked by
the gentleman from Viiginia, and had been repeat-
ed by his (Mr. H.'s) colleague, [Mr. Da^gan,]
that the notice was not in itself a war measure, but
that its results would be war. But before the gen-
tleman from Virginia had taken his seat, he went
on to argue that England would have the right to
waive the benefits of the notice, and pounce upon
us immediately. He (Mr. H.) dissented from that
position, and lie maintained that the treaty between
England and the United States was just as sacred
in its obligations to the very last hour of the notice
as it was to-day. War, if it came at all, would be
the result of the conflict of (he authorities and ju-
risdictions of the two Governments. If we extend
our laws and jurisdiction out that territory, the
first collision between ihe authorities and subjects
of the two Governments would produce war. ' Rut
if we give the notice, and the citizens of the Uni-
ted States conform to it, there can be no war.
Mr. Houston's remarks were here abruptly ter-
minated by the fall of the Chairman's hammer.
Mr. CATHCART obtained the floor, and spoke
as follows:
Mr. Chairman: My life has been one continual
struggle, and yet I must be permitted to say, that
I li;i ve passed through no scene heretofore so
strikingly, strongly colored with serio-contical
features as that which we have witnessed ill this
House during the last few weeks; and 1 can con-
ceive of nothing so ludicrous, to a disinterested
bystander, as the simultaneous effort of some
dozen or two of members to obtain the floor, as
each more fortunate competitor concluded his
hour speech. If our honest constituents could
drop in upon us and see and hear the curious de-
vices adopted by many to obtain your response,
Mr. Chairman, I am sure, though tbey might
laugh at the farce, they would pity the actors.
I see around me already many anxious fares,
" waiting their turn," and as the best evidence of
my feeling appreciation of their situation, I will
endeavor to be as brief as possible, and only re- :
gret that, when I shall have enjoyed my allotted j
time, but one of a ho,4 of clever fellows can b< ;
accommodated. ;
Should I say that modesty—a characteristic fur j
which a western politician is not apt to receive or 1
be allowed much credit—has prevented me from !
obtruding my crude opinions upon the committee j
until the present moment, I fear that I might be, ;
considered as trespassing upon your indulgence. |
But so it is; and to say tliaf I did not feel the, dis- ;
advantage of my present position, coming upon
the floor at this late hom, would be denying to
myself simple justice. After the " feast of reason
and the flow of soul" which has been brought to
the " harvest-liomc " in this debate by those able
gentlemen who have gone before mc, I no w, almost
at the eleventh hour, come in as the humble glean- | j
er in a well-reaped field. |i
Poetry and prose, history and fiction, have af- ,1
forded their rich contributions, wherever thryjj
might "point a moral or adorn a talc." Even .)
those convenient sources of poetic fancy, the ;i
American eagle and the British lion, Ime been so
often drawn upon, that the roar of the one and the j
scream of the other now fill powerless upon the !
ears of this committee. Prom the apex of the jj
Alleghany to the summit of Mount Hood, tbe^
bird of America lias so often been made to take j|
flight, that his shadow may be said to have worn n
a trail across the basin of the Mississippi; and the jj
poor lord of the beasts has become so familiar >j
with the point of a hickory pole and of an ash ji
splinter, that he has slunk away to his lair, and !j
there let him lie for the balance of my allotted !|
hour.
Poetry has been all the rage in this debate; and
since it is said that a man had as well be out of the
world as out of the fashion, I too must use a very
little; for really there has been but little left. I be-
lieve there yet remains some of the poetry of the
Roundheads and Cavaliers, a few of the Psalms,
and the old ditty of Barbara Allen. One thing of
the latter I shall monopolize, and leave the balance
to those who may come aftM me. Well then, sir,
" 'Twas in the merry montlrof May," in the year
of our Lord 1844, that two conventions or political
gatherings were held at Baltimore; the one—got
up with all magnificence and display, and sur-
rounded with pageants, bull-baits, and buffalo
hunts—seemed called together by the high priests
of the self-styled Whig party—for what? Let
their deeds answer. They took Clay, and made
unto themselves a graven image, and called upon
all the people to fall down and worship it; but they
found themselves in the predicament of him who
"called the .spirits from the vasty deep," and the
spirits would not come! They stayed away. Alas,
alas, poor Yoriek! But the other—what did they
dor Why, sir, they took for their standard-bearer
(if we are to believe those who have gone, before
us) a third-rate man—a man unknown to fame,
and undeserving the confidence of any pariij. Who
does not remember then- taunting query: "Who
is James K. Pollc ? Who is James ft. Polk ? 
ITow strange a duty will devolve upon the future
historian \v hsn he shall come, to record the events
of the last few years. What have wo seen ? What
do we nmr see in ! 11ft. House? Those, very gentle-
men, who were so very ignorant about Mr. Polk
a few short, months ago, are now ready—ay, anx-
ious—to place the destinies of this people upon the
grave question of war or peace in his hands. You
are told, sir, most pathetically of the horrors of
war; that under its dark frown's nil that are blessed
and worth blessing on earth must wither and per-
ish like chat!' brfoie a seven-times heated furnace;
that to o-ive this notice is war. And yet these im-
maculate apostles of consistency are willing to vote
this tremendous power into the hands of this very
same James [v. Polk I'Let them repeat their query,
and from their own mouths shall tliey be answered.
James l\. Polk is so high ill the confidence of the
Wing parly, that they anxiously seek to place the
sword which, leaping from its scabbard, will bring-
to thi' mighty comlict two of the greatest nations of
the e.uth, in his hands. So much, sir, for a Whig
answer to a Whig query.
Hut what said we? When, pendingthat election,
which fired mie fact at least in our political histo-
ry—and that was, that the people could select their
own candidate as well as elect him—the question
was asked of us, "Who is .Tames K. Polk?" I
can speak for myself, sir, and I would hope for
eu'ry democrat, when 1 s'ny that f told tliem in-
brief that he was politically a sound democrat;,
morally, not ouly unsmpcctcd, but above, suspi-
cion; and that he, and ins parly with him, above
all, were in f;i\or of the occupation of Oregon and
the annexation of Texas; that he had the firmness
so to m ow himself, when others were trimming
their sails to catch the political blast; and that to
this lie owes his present elevated position cannot
be, denied.
What said the Baltimore convention, which nom-
inated him, on tiiis subject? Here itis, sir:
" Uf:\nlnd. That our title to the whole of Oregon
' is clear and unquestionable; that no port Son of
' the Hume outilit to lie ceded to England; and that
4 the re-occupation of Oregon and there-annexation
'of Texas, at the earliest practicable period, are
' great American measures, which this convention
' l-ecommrnds to the cordial support of the demo-
' cracy of the Union."
Mr. Polk was elected on this issue, advanced it
in his inaugural, and again in lus Message, and,
with a view to carry it out, rcconimends this no-
tice to be given. And the question is put to us as
the representatives of the American people, wheth-
er we will, or will not, respond, not only to him,
sir, but to the American people, who, with warm
hearts and strong hands, bid' us go on and fulfil
their decree? It is 5 aid that the voice of the peo-
ple is the voice of God. Then wo to the back-
ward, for the indignant frowns of millions of free- i
men are upon them. j
It may not be disguised that, there is diveisity of
opinion—shall I nay, sir, upon the modus operandi
by which we shall acquire the Oregon territory ?—
and diversity, too, among those who were so unani-
mous upon its twin measure, the annexation of
Texas. And this calls to mind, sir, a very chaste
and classic remark of a gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Pextdi/eto\-.J I quote his words, sir: "It
' was said early ill the discussion that this Oregon
' question, and that of Texas, were born and era-
' died in the Baltimore Convention of 1844; twins,
1 as my honorable friend.from Massachusetts says;
' two, lie might with more precise accuracy have
' said, out of a very numerous litter of as mon-
1 strous political absurdities as any conclave, by so
' rapid a parturition, ever spawned upon the world."
A litter spawned!
Why, Mr. Chairman, I am reminded by this of
the fact that, in the district which the gentleman
represents, instead of feeding Upon the wholesome
flesh of the hog and other quadrupeds, their main
subsistence is the "Potomacrobin," alias the her-
ring; and in this fishy school the gentleman seems
to have learned his ideas of reproduction, and he
lias given us a specimen. I am told that there
is a great difference "before and after meat,"
or rather fish, among the people .pf the sterile
knobs along the Potomac, river; and I only regret
that, for the credit of a portion of the Old Domin-
ion, the gentleman had not deferred his speech
until after the fishing season. The gentleman has
given us, too, another version bf the story of "Jo-
nah's swallowing the whale," when he speaks of
Mr. Polk as one of this litter spawned. Why, sir, he
must be a great fellow for fish, this Mr. Polk; hehas
swallowed the leviathan of whiggery, ears and all,
witlioutgreaseorpinningbaok; and some of the gen-
tleman's friends are yet waiting his second advent!
The gentleman is pleased to advert to what he
calls the angry and contending factions of the Dem-
ocratic party upon this question of notice. His
"hope is father to the thought;" he need not lajr
the flattering unction to his soul that we will so far,
gratify him and his friends, and so far prove recre-
ant to the great trusts reposed in us by a confiding
and generous constituency, as to array ourselves
in factions, and to tear down the fair temple so well
begun.
But should we do so, sir, what is he and his
partisan coadjutors to take by that motion ? Are
they united? Whs does not remember the bitter-
ness of his remarks to some of his able fellow-la-
borers in the cause of modern whiggery—those
who were with him in keeping Texas out, the
tariff up, getting Mr. Clay in if they could, and in
every sense were as Sirncin Pure Whigs as himself?
The phantota which seems "to" "oppress the vivid
imagination of the gentleman is the idea of a scram-
ble among the Democracy for the next Presidency,
while he has to stand by, as we say in the West,
"like a bound boy at a husking."
The gentleman asks how are we to meet Great
Britain in Oregon; or, in other words, how are we
to get there ? He understands the Jishy route—the
route by sea; that is perfectly familiar to him; and
lie suggests good and valid reasons showing why
wo cannot go that way. But, sir, there is another
route, which I shall designate the grassy route; and
this route is to him incomprehensible; and why?
Because as pork is displaced over the river by fish,
so grass is by sedge; and he has not found out the
many useful purposes to which it may be applied.
JNow, let me tell the gentleman and this committee,
that from the prairie on which I reside, near Lake
Michigan, to the Columbia, with very brief inter-
vals, you find a natural mantle of the most luxuri-
ant verdure covering the face of the country. That
in the summer season, any number of cattle—
thousands and tens of thousands-—may be subsisted
along the route; that, with their aid, our liardy
western riflemen can transport all the munitions,
&c„, necessary to a successful campaign; and that
they would pour down upon the minions of British
power from the slope of the mountains,* as Napo-
leon did upon the sunny plains of Italy. The toils
of the chase and the hardships of a frontier life
have brought into existence a race of men particu-
larly well qualified for such ail adventure—and
they will do it!
A word more, and I will leave that gentleman.
He has wittily alluded to my colleague's celebrated
"American multiplication table," and has enjoyed
a fling at our worthy Chief Magistrate and Secre-
tary of State. He says that he can see no way by
which we can acquire Oregon, except by the opera-
tion of this table; and that he is really apprehen-
sive tlmt if we have to depend upon the two gen-
tlemen above-mentioned, that Gueen Victoria and
Mr. Peel will beat us at that. Something in that,
Mr. Chairman; but how forcibly could Mr. Polk
retort upon him, "And thou, too,Brutus?" Why,
sir, I am told that that gentleman's lonesome hearth
is as sad a picture as ever was seen of the effects-
sir, the want of effects of " Love's labor lost."
