1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
328
Now,jjir,to come back to these twin measures,
or two measures, if you please. The one has been
consummated—Texas is annexed—she is one of
us, and we are anxiously waiting for the advent
among us of her representatives in both ends of
this Capitol.
■ What Democrat from the South rebuked the ar-
dor of the "West in the carrying of this measure? I
appeal to you, gentlemen of the South: Did you
not then feel proud to call us brothers ? And did.
not" your piilse beat high as you saw our undaunt-
ed front, andthe vigor with which we pressed on
the«column ? Did we halt by the way side and say,
ihe time is ,not yet? Did we pretend to be with
you as to the end, but cavil as to the means? No,
sir, no ! But from prairie and wood, hill and dale,
the Democracy sent up their battle-cry—Texas and
Oregon, Oregon and Texas. Texas we have—
Oregon we look for. "Will you "keep the word of
promise to the ear, and break it to the hope?" I
know, as a body, you will not; but I should be
proud to see the entirety of the gallant South lead1
ing the van in the assertion of our right to Oregon,
and in the adoption of the measures* recommended
by a southern President for the assertion of that
right. How, then, would be rolled back upon the
disunionists of the North, the'grave charge brought
against you, "that you were clannish in your feel-
ings and sectional in your patriotism."
And now, sir, I hope my motives may be prop-
erly appreciated in adverting to the remarks of
some of the gentlemen from the South, who have
differed from*the majority of us upon this question.
The spirit of the West, its enthusiastic devotion
to the glory and grandeur of our common country,
and the enlargement of the bounds of civilization,
and the expansion of our republican institutions,
lias been called a war spirit; and we have been rend
lectures upon the horrors of war, and the blessings
of peace; and told that by the decisive action which
we arc about taking we hazard everything and can
gain nothing; that wisdom dictates a course of
"masterly inactivity."
Sir, was it by this supine course that we gained
our present independent existence as the freest and
happiest people on earth ? Wiih it by inactivity that
we sealed our title to be considered one of the first,
and greatest, and bravest people under heaven's
sun ?—in a word, was it by masterly inactivity tlmt
we acquired Texas ? No, sir, no ! But by action
—energetic action !
Peace is one of the greatest, and best, and holiest
ftfts of Heaven. Never shall I talk lightly of its
lessings. Would to Heaven that its benignant
smile might forever rest upon all the children of
men! *
But, sir, it need not bo disguised—the days of
the millennium have not yet arrived. We must
occasionally brave war and all its horrors, or sink
into contumely and contempt, and become a by-
word and a reproach among the nations of the
earth.
We are asked, sir, if wo expect, by giving this
noticc, to dispossess England? And again, if wo
suppose that we can effect our purpose by reading
law to the British troops? Did we not read " our
law" to Mexico, backed as she was by both Eng-
land and Prance? And did we not inscribe the sec-
ond edition in legible characters, by the foot-prints
of an American soldiery in the sands of Corpus
Christi? What western man then held back?
What western man—or, 1 should rather say, west-
ern democrat/—then held the cold shoulder to you,
and called this a southern measure? None, sir;
none, at least, in the gallant State which I have the
honor in part to represent.
So bitterly opposed are the loaders of the Whig
party in the section of country from which I hail,
to the reduction of Lite tariff to the revenue stand-
ard, and so vehement is their hate towards South
Carolina for the stand she has taken upon this
subject, that their bitterest term of reproach, as
they consider it, has been to designate a Democrat
a South Carolina politician. Sir, I have borne
this name in latitude forty-one and a half for years;
but I really have been apprehensive, lately, that I
shall be compelled to ask my Whig friends to
amend the title. I can stand a good deal from the
gallant palmetto State—my sympathies have been
with her. I have seen her fields deserted, and
her palaces made desolate, by the iron heel of the
oppressor. I have seen the advantages which God
haWiven her transferred to regions less favored
by n^ure, under the operation of oppressive enact-
ments; and, after a long and arduous struggle, I
have come here now instructed to do her justice.
Texas, Oregon, and the tariff, with the other great
measures .now before us, shall each in their turn
receive or meet with, from me, such action as an
honorable, and just, and bona jide interpretation
of the issues placed by our national convention
before the American people shall require at our
hands.
But this doctrine of "masterly inactivity:" I
caiinot find it in the proceedings of the Democratic
convention. I may, however, see room for its in-,
ference from the neglect to mention Texas and
Oregon in the proceedings of the Whig convention;
but, sir, that is not the chart which I steer by.
Masterly inactivity, when the rights of my coun-
try are at stake! Why, sir, the idea is sacrile-
gious. There is, howpver, something superlative-
ly ridiculous in this idea of masterly inactivity and
bedchamber diplomacy. Why, run the one into
the other, and a jury of old women would declare
you deranged.
We are told to remain quiet, and that Oregon
will be conquered in our bedchambers. Sir, do
gentlemen forget that the bedchambers of our own
citizens are now in Oregon, unprotected; that they
are surrounded by the creatures of a foreign cor-
poration; that they cry aloud to us for protection
from the wilderness; and that it will be a burning,
scorching, blasting shame upon us, if we heed them
not?
It is true that wo of the West have a particular
anxiety upon this subject, not because we look
upon it as a western 'measure, but because our
brethren, our friends, and our connexions, have
cast their lot on the other side of the Rocky moun-
tains. I know some of these people. They were
of those who helped us to redaim one wilderness
—a noble, generous race—a race sent before the
masses of civilized life, as the dove, from the over-
crowded ark. Thoy come not back, but have
pitched their tents in the Far West. Shall we not
keep our covenant with them? Shall we not pro-
tect American citizens upon an American soil?
lA>r, notwithstanding the British minister has had
most able assistance on this floor, where, 1 am
free to admit, 1 think he h:ul but little right to ex-
pect it, yet what has been the result of all our in-
vestigation? That the British pretence ol'title is
like the baseless fabric of a dream; that it is only
strong enough to be placed in words, by a species
of contemptible special pleading, unworthy of the
honorable representative of any honorable nation
—disreputable in a county-court pettifogger.
1 shall not argue the question of title at length.
It would be all act of supererogation on my part,
at this time, after the able expositions which we
have had, both from the Executive and in this
Hall. But 1 must bo permitted to allude to one po-
sition of the British minister; and I do this because,
" ill a nutshell," it shows a perfect specimen
of the nature of the British side of this question.
11esays:
t. The American title is not good against Great
Britain, becausc it is inconsistent with that of
; Spam.
I 2. The Spanish title is not good against Great
j Britain, because it conflicts with that of the United
I States; and
I 3. That hence the British title is good against
I both.
Here we have, sir, anew version of the old sto-
ry of the borrowed pot. A lawsuit once took
place, involving the question of damages on a bro-
: iceii pot; and the learned attorney oi' the defend-
i ant filed his defence as follows: First, that the pot
i was broken when he borrowed it; secondly, that
1 it was whole when he returned it; and thirdly, that
! he had never had it.
No one denies our right to give this notice.
Then why not give it ? Among the many (to me)
strange and incomprehensible reasons given by
gentlemen against this measure, none is more so
tlui n that given by two or three of the gentlemen
who have preceded me, and which is, ill sub-
stance, that consistency requires of them that they
vole on the side contrary to that of the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts; and yet I don't
know but that this is as good an argument against
the proposition before us as any which has been
advanced.
Mr. Chairman, I thank God that I came here
under no such magnetic influence, subject to be
galvanized into positive or negative positions upon
this great question by the action of others. It is
enough for me to know that my country calls, and
I go, regardless alike of those who shall go with
me, and of those who shall prefer to lag behind.
Another grave reason given by one gantleman
why we should not now act is, that John Bull,
though an old bull, is a very stout bull at present,
and that we had better wait until he falls further
into "the sere and yellow leaf." Oh, my coun-
trymen ! has it come to this, that the American peo-
ple are to be appealed to through their fears; and
that, in a righteous cause, we are to await the
natural decay of our adversary before we dare as-
sert our rights to our own territory ? The voice
of our people forbid it; and the bones of our an-
cestry would rise in judgment against us should
we prove so derelict in our duty to our country;
and the finger of scorn—bitter withering scorn—
would be pointed at us by every republican on
God's footstool!
Almost every one who has spoken agrees that
our title to Oregon is clear and unquestionable; and
the most of the anti-notice men express gicat anx-
iety to possess the whole of it, and would fain
make us believe that, by refraining from giving the
notice, time would be gained, and in the mean-
while our citizens would continue to pour into the
country, and that these private companies and fam-
ilies would accomplish that which they in the
most despairing tones assure us the whole force
of the people's Government cannot accomplish—
namely, the expulsion of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany. How preposterous a position !
Refuse to give this notice, sir, and who will go
into this territory? True, many have gone there
in the face of our joint convention, treaty of joint
occupation, or trading copartnership, as gentlemen
may please to call it; but they went therewith full
faitli, believing that their Government would extend
to them the protection which is due to every Amer-
ican citizen. Solomon says there is a time for all
things; and now, sir, is tile time to give this no-
' ticc,' or to tamely submit, cower, skulk, shrink,
i spaniel-like, before the menaces of a detested and
, overbearing adversary. Refuse to give this notice,
j and I ask, again, whowill cast their lot in Oregon ?
Here an Englishman, there an American,and anon
an Indian, with as many systems of government
as there are individuals. Why, sir, we would be
verifying, on a large scale, Shakspeare's idea of
the witches' cauldron in Macbeth; and if the devil
was not raised by such a mingling of discordant
j spirits, set me down as a false prophet.
: We are asked how we expect to dispossess the
; Hudson Bay Company of her pallisade forts in
; Oregon ? Is it possible that an American can doubt
! upon this point' Prepare yourself and demand
their surrender, as Ethan Allen did the surrender
I of Ticoiuleroga, " in the name of the Great Jeho-
I vah and the Continental Congress." And this re-
j minds mo of the sneers of some gentlemen in rela-
| tion to what they our "western doctrine of
- manifest destiny." Do gentlemen reflect where
; they place themselves by these sneers? Do they
| forget, that the Saviour of mankind has said that a
sparrow shall not fall to the ground without your
1 Father'" And yet \vc are asked, where is the
} clause in Adam's will which gives us this territory ?
I Apart from the " book-title," which is "clear and
j unquestionable," we see it written in letters of
living light in everything which surrounds us—m
that merciful dispensation, full of charity and love,
towards the fallen children of Adam—of a just and
omniscient God, who has given to man that control
of the elements, the effect of which is to bring the
remotest parts of our vast country into practical
propinquity. The iron horse, (the steam-car,)
with the wings of the wind, his nostrils distended
with flame, salamander-like vomiting fire and
smoke, trembling with power, but submissive to
the steel curb imposed upon him by the hand of
man, flies from one end of the continent to the
other in less time than our ancestry required to
visit a neighboring city; while by the magnetic
telegraph the lightning of heaven is made subser-
vient to the will of man in annihilating space. In
storm and in darkness, in the heat of a torrid sun
or the chilling blasts of a Siberian winter, this mys-
tical symbol of man's intelligence speeds its on-
ward^way. Truly it may be said, that with the
social influence of these two great inventions, all
the people of this continent may be moulded to one
mind. And what heart does not leap at the vision
presented of this great territory peopled by one
