326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
nexation. It was then said wt: should have war
with the three Powers combined; and all the ef-
fort then to get up a war panic did not cheek the
"immoderate valor" of our friends, whose thoughts
seem now so "turned on peacc." It appears to
me that they have placed themselves in a dilemma
from which they cannot very well escape. South
Carolina and Virginia, then so impetuous and
eager for " bearding the British lion," are now the
most eloquent in depicting the horrors of war and
the prowess of British arms. These members ad-
mit that our title is clear, and yet they are unwil-
ling to give the notice. This is a strange voice to
come from these ancient Commonwealths; and did
we not know better, it would be supposed to ema-
nate from the peace party of New England. The
distinguished member from the Harper's Ferry dis-
trict in Virginia [Mr. Bedinger] described, with
captivating eloquence, a scene he witnessed at that
point. It was the American eagle, darting along
the verge of a dark anil portentous cloud, chargeil
with thunder and gleaming with lightning, and
perohing himself upon one of the loftiest peaks of
the Blue Ridge. The cloud passed away, the sim
again shone forth from a clear sky, and he saw the
eagle take his flight westward. .1 trust, sir, that he
has found a mountain as tall, a climate as genial,
and a sky as clear in Oregon as those lie left be-
hind him. Virginia patriotism and valor have
been illustrated m many a fearful conflict; and
should war come upon us, I say, without hesita-
tion, that all the eagles that have been driven
from her mountains, either by thunder-clouds or
panic speeches, will be won back by the deeds of
noble daring of her sons upon the battle-field.
So, sir, with South Carolina, I know it is taunt-
ingly said that her political leaders control the
masses with absolute, not to say, despotic rule, it
is believed by many that when her politicians take
snuff', the common people involuntarily sneeze all
over the State: and that you can ascertain the state
of public opinion in South Carolina with as much
precision by inquiring of her distinguished states-
men as you can the rate of exchange at a given
point by inquiring at the counter of a bank. How
this may be I have not been there to inquire. Hut
sure I am, that the undying' fires of patriotism are
yet smouldering in the land of Marion, of Pinck-
ney, and of Sumter, and that they need but a pro-
per occasion to give them vent. Should war conic,
(which I cannot for a moment believe,) those who
now differ with us as to the policy of this measure,
will, I doubt not, be amongst the first to kindle the
watch-fires upon the altar of liberty. Let us there-
fore, on this occasion, not be intolerant towards
each other; but while reposing a generous confi-
dence, cultivate the kindlier and better feelings of
our nature.
Our title to this territory is the pivot upon which
the whole question must turn. It constitutes the
very essence, soul, and life of the controversy.
Some persons will deem it supererogation, at this
stage of the discussion, to pause for a moment to
prove our title, for the reason that both of the great
political parties of this country concede it to be
good and valid. That would uo, if this country
alone were concerned in the result. But I appre-
hend, that if the whig and tory parties in England
should concede that we had no just claim to Ore-
gon, we would not by any means regard that as
conclusive proof of the fact.
If it can be established that we have a good and
valid title to all or any portion of Oregon, it settles
the question as to our duty, and as to our course,
to the extent of the territory to which we are thus
entitled. For if any of it is ours, we must hold it,
or else yield it from fear of Great Britain. We
cannot do the latter; for the act'—craven and dis-
honorable in itself—would dissolve the charm and
break the spring of our success as a nation.
Much has been well and justly said of the rapa-
city, injustice, and grasping ambition of Great
Britain. Though she may be regarded by other
nations as the "beast with seven heads and ten
horns," and though her iniquities toward them and
us may, and indeed have, accumulated with each
succeeding year; yet it all avails nothing in this
controversy, if the territory belongs to her, and not
to us. Therefore, I proceed to examine the differ-
ent elements of our title.
By the .Florida treaty of the 22d of February,
1819, we obtained all the rights which Spain then
had to that country north of 42°, whether accruing
from discovery, exploration, or occupation; and
they are as follows; From the time of the discovery
by Columbus, in 1492, the Spanish Government
never rested till they had explored the whole Pa-
cific coast. In 1520, Fernando Magellan, in the
service of Spain, discovered ar.d sailed through
the highly important and far-famed Straits of Ma-
gellan, which received and yet bears his name.
In 1528, the celebrated Cortes, who was appointed
by Charles V. as captain-general of New Spam,
(now Mexico,) fitted out a vessel under the com-
mand of Moldonado, one of his officers, who was
absent for six months, cruising in tlie Pacific. In
1532, he despatched two vessels, one under the
command of Mendoza, and the other commanded
by Ma/.miu, who sailed as far as the 27th degiee
of north latitude; and the country thus visited was
claimed by Cortes for Spain, and afterwards re-
ceived the name of California.
Tl-.e northernmost point occupied in 1530 on the
Pacific by any civilized nation, was " Culiacan,
which was founded by lYuna de Guzman, a Span-
iard, at the entrance of the Gulf of California."
The last expedition made by order of Cortes
was commanded by Francisco de Ulloa, who took
his depaitiue on the 8th of July, 1539, from Aca-
puleo. lie discovered an island near the coast
under the 28th parallel of latitude, which was
named the Isle of Cedars. In 1543 Bartolome
Ferelo, a Spaniard, under the authority of the
Viceroy of Mexico, on the 26th of February of
that year, discovered the Cape of Perils or Stormy
cape, under the list parallel, which is supposed
to be the place now called Mendocino; and on the
1st of March lie had reached as far north as the
44th paialh'l of latitude—certainly as far as the 43d.
The Straits of Fuca, which enter the land at 48°
2-!', and return to the ocean at 51°, were discover-
ed in 151)2 by Juan de Fuca, under Spanish au-
thoii!y, whose luime they now bear; he sailed in
and remained there more than twenty days, trading
with the natives. In ]fi(13 Cape Blanco, in lati-
tude 43°, and the river CTnipqua, in latitude 44°, were
discovered by Ensign Alartin de Aquilar, who was
acting tinder the Spanish authority.
An expedition was fitted out in 1774, by order
of the Spanish Government, under the command
of Knsigu Juan Perez, accompanied by Estavan
Martinez as his pilot, with directions to sail as far
north as (10°, and to survey the coast from thence
southward to Monterey; and for them to take pos-
session in the name of the King of Spain.
On the 18th of July, 1774, Perez reached as far
north as the 54th parallel of latitude, and discover-
ed laud to the east, to which he gave the name of
cane Santa Magniita.
He made land on the 9th of August in the same
year, under the, parallel of 49° 30', anchored in a
deep bay, and traded freely with the Indians, and
called the place Port San Lorenzo; and it is un-
doubtedly the same which four years afterwards
received fiom Captain Cook the appellation of
King George's sound, but now known as JNootka
sound—the name given it by the natives.
On the loth of August, 1775, Heceta discovered
I the bay at the mouth of Columbia rivci, in lati-
tude 4(i° 17', but was prevented by theforee of the
current from entering the mouth of the river.
Bodega and Mauri 11 proceeded in August, 1775,
as far north as the 58th parallel of latitude, and
took possession of the country in the name of the
Spanish King. St. Salvador Diego, in the fall of
1790, explored the Russian possessions. These,
together with many other voyages and explora-
tions, here omitted for want oi space, prove most
clearly that, so far as discovery is concerned,
Spain is gieatly in advance of all other nations;
and that her navigators had visited the whole
coast of the Pacific as far north as the Gist par-
allel of latitude, long prior to those of any other
nation.
The first navigator from whose discoveries Great
Britain could derive any title oil the northwest
coast of America is Captain Cook, who, in March,
1778, visited Cape Flattery, in the 48th parallel of
latitude; but he did not discover the mouth of the ,
Columbia or the Straits of Fuca. In March, 1778, j
he anchored m Kootka sound, and gave it the '
name of King George's sound; but Nootlca was !
the name given to it by the natives, and it has ever I
since borne that name. He discovered many uten- !
sils of iron and brass, and also two silver spoons, i
of Spanish manufacture, in the possession of the j
natives—showing clearly that they had before been j
visited by the Spaniards.' !
Captain Cook, continuing; his 'voyage north,
saw Mount San Jacinto, which had_ been named
four years before by Bodega; saw Mount St. Eli-
as, and, pushing his voyage north, passed into
the Arctic ocean. He afterwards visited Owyhee,
where, on the 16th of February,-he fell a victim
to the natives.
It is claimed by the British minister, Mr. Pak-
enham, that Captain Berkeley, a British subject, in
a vessel under Austrian colors, discovered the
Straits of Fuca in 1787, when it will be remem-
bered that Juan de Fuca made the same discovery
in 1592—being 195 years previoas; and that Cap-
tain Duncan, in the year 1787, entered the strains
and traded with the natives at the village of Clas-
set; and also that John Meares visited Nootka
sound in 1788, four years after it had been visit-
ed and taken possession of by Perez. John
Meares was a lieutenant in the British navy on
half pay. The Felice, of which he was super-
cargo, and the Iphigenia, of which William Doug-
lass was supercargo, were fitted out at the Portu-
guese port of Macao. Both were Portuguese ves-
sels, and ostensibly commanded by Portuguese
captains, sailed under the Portuguese flag, and had
passports and othei' papers showing that the ves-
sels were the property of Juan Cavallo, a Portu-
guese merchant of Macao.
If there had been any virtue in the discovery of
Berkeley, it would have belonged to Austria, in
whose service he was; or if there had been any
merit in the discoveries of Meares, they would
have enured to the benefit of Portugal. If Meares
had attempted to navigate the Worth Pacific ocean
as a British officer, his vessel would have been
subject to seizure, and his officers and crew to pun-
ishment, as they had no license from the South
Sea or East India Companies. Whether he be rer
garded, therefore, as a British subject, sailing un-
der false colors, or as in the employment of Ca-
vallo, the Portuguese merchant, he could not claim
any protection from the British Government, or
confer upon her any rights x'esulting from his dis-
coveries.
During all this period of time, it will be seen by
reference to the history that Great Britain, had
made no settlement whatever on the northwest
coast of America; that she discovered ,nd portion
of the coast which had not been previously discov-
ered by Spain; and that Spain held the undisputed
title to it up to 1790, when John Meares called on
the British Government to aid him. Had Great
Britain possessed the same title that Spain did, can
there be a doubt that she would have claimed and
held the whole Pacific coast from Panama to Beh-
ring's straits ?
It will be remembered, that when Great Britain
planted her colonies on the Atlantic, she claimed,
on the ground of continuity and contiguity of ter-
ritory, that her light of soil extended from the At-
lantic to the Pacific oceans. The French Govern-
ment discovered and explored the Mississippi and
other tributary streams, and made settlements along
their valleys. A dispute arose between England
and France in regard to their territorial rights, and
they went to war.
1 he treaty of Paris, concluded on the 10th of
February, 1763, settled the boundary between
those two nations; and so much of the 7th section
as relates thereto is in these words:
" The confines between the dominions of His
' Britannic Majesty in thatjpart of the world (the
' continent of America) shall be fixed irrevocably
' by a line drawn along the middle of the river
' Mississippi, from its source to the river Iberville,
' and from thence by a line drawn along the middle
' of this river and the Lakes Maurepas and Pont-
' chartrain, to the sea," &c.
By this treaty Great Britain obtained the Cana-
das, Florida, and a portion of Louisiana; she parted
with all her claims west of the Mississippi, received
the full benefit of the doctrine of continuity, and is
therefore estopped now from denying the principle.
By the treaty of Louisiana, dated on the 30th of
April, 1803, we succeeded to all the rights which
France acquired under the treaty of 1763, and have
the full benefit of the doctrine of continuity, as
England once had to any country lying west of the
Mississippi, to which she had claims.
Now 1 will examine very briefly the title which
we have to that territory in our own proper right,
growing out of discoveries'and settlements by this
Government and its citizens.
In June, 1789, Captain Robert Gray, of Boston,
