828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb; 6,
'corded and defined in the convention of 1790,
* (with Spain;) they embrace the right to navigate
* the waters of those countries, to settle in and over
4 any part, of them, and to trade with the inhabit-
* ants and occupants of the same. It is admitted
* that the United States possess the same right; but
c beyond those rights they possess none."
This convention, therefore, between Great Brit-
ain and Spain docs not m any way impair the ulti-
mate sovereignty which Spain had exercised for
more than two centuries over the whole Pacific
oast as far as the Gist degree of north latitude.
The planting- of permanent colonies by Great Brit-
ain is nowhere granted in that treaty, nor is ex-
clusive jurisdiction given to her over any portion
of the soil. The right of fishing, hunting, trap-
ping, and trading with the natives, and erecting
such temporary buildings as might be necessary for
this species of commerce, is all that was granted
by that treaty, is all that its language imports, or
thai British statesmen claimed for it. But this
treaty, whatever it may have been originally, was
wholly abrogated in 1796 by the war between
Great Britain and Spain. Such is the -settled law
of nations, as recognised over and over again by-
Great Britain. In 1815, Lord Bathurst, in negoti-
ating with Mr. Adams, says: "That Great Brit-
* ain knows of no exception to the rule that all
' treaties are put an end to by subsequent war be-
' tween the same parties."
Prior to the late war, the United States enjoyed
the right upon the banks of Newfoundland of land-
ing and drying their fish". Pending the negotiations
of Ghent for concluding a treaty of peace between
Great Britain and the United States, the British
plenipotentiaries reaffirmed the foregoing principle
as to the dissolving of treaties, In volume 9, page
3:21, of the American State Papers, it will be seen
that our ministers, in a communication to the then
Secretary of State, say that the British minister
stated to them "that before they desired any answer
' from us, they felt it incumbent upon them to de-
' clare that the British Government did not deny
' the right of the Americans to the fisheries gene-
' rally, or in the open seas; but that the privileges
i formerly granted by treaty to the United States,
* of fishing within the limits of the British juris-
6 diction, and of landing and drying fish on the
4 shores of the British territories, would not be re
* newed without an equivalent." Hence it will be
seen that, by their own rule, the war between Great
Britain and Spain, in 17%, totally annulled this
treaty.
The next treaty having reference to this subject
which I will notice, is the one between Great Bri-
tain and the United States, bearing date 20th Octo-
ber, 1818. The third section, which is the only
one necessary here to be quoted, is as follows:
u It is agreed that any country that may be claim-
' ed by either party on the northwest coast of
4 America westward of the Stony mountains shall,
4 together with its harbors, bays, and creeks, and
* the navigation of all rivers within the same, he
4 free and open for the term of ten years from the
4 date of the signature of the present convention,
4 to the vessels, citizens, and subject of the two
* powers; it being well understood that this agree-
' ment is not to be construed to the prejudice of any
< claim which either of the two high contracting
1 parties may have to any part of the said country,
< nor shall it be taken to affect the claims of any
4 other power or state to any part of the said coun-
4 try; the only object of the high contracting par-
4 ties in that respect being to prevent disputes and
4 differences among themselves."
The treaty between the same parties of August
6, 1827, winch is a mere prolongation of that of
1818, provides by its first section for the indefinite
continuance of the privileges of free navigation,
hunting and fishing; and the second section thereof
is in the following words:
"Art. 2. It shall be competent, however, to
* either of the contracting parties, in case either
4 should think fit, at any time after the 20th of Oc-
«tober, 1828, on giving due notice of twelve months
4 to the other contracting party, to annul and abro-
' gate this convention; and it shall in such case be
* accordingly entirely annulled and abrogated after
' the expiration of the said term of notice. "
It will be seen by examining the provisions of
all these treaties, that the right of eminent domain
is nowhere granted or disposed of; and that the
mere temporary rights of the trapper, the hunter,
and the fisherman, are all that are alone contem-
plated by them. It will be further observed that
the two Governments, looking to the future settle-
ment of the countiy, when it should become im-
portant that the territorial limits should be defined,
provided by the treaty of 1827 a peaceable mode
for its annulment and dissolution. Giving the
twelve months' notice is the conventional mode
pointed out by the two Governments in the treaty
of 3827 to untie the gordian knot, without resort-
ing to the sword to sever it.
It is contended by some gentlemen on this floor,
and by a portion of the press, that Great Britain
has for years past been regardful of the rights of
other Governments.
It is not my purpose to deal in high-sounding
epithets of denunciation against Great Britain, for
they can ilo no good to the cause; but I desire here
to bring forward a few occurrences in illuslation of
her imperious disposition towards other Powers.
Take, for instance, the Nootka affair. Here
were Portuguese \ cs.sels with a Portuguese owner,
sailing under the Portuguese ilag,and landing in
the Spanish dominions. They aie captured by
the Spanish authorities. The British Government,
in the pride, and I may say insolence of her power,
assumed the act and held Spain responsible; and
why ? Because Spain was too weak,single-handed,
to resist her arbitrary exactions.
Take the case of her whipping the Chinese until
she compelled them to-buy her opium, and then
made them pay the expenses of the war!
Take the ca.se of the Caroline, an American
vessel,anchored to the American shore, at Schlos-
scr, and boarded by British .subjects at midnight,
set on lire, and sent headlong over the falls of Ni-
agara !
Our Government demanded satisfaction for the
invasion of oar territory, and outrage on the rights
of our citizens; but the British Government as-
sumed the act, and no indemnity was given to the
owners of the Caroline, and no atonement made
for the murder of Durfee. Sir Allan McNab was
knighted, and a dinner was given to him, and a
pension to Captain Drew, for the part they bore in
this disgraceful transaction.
If there is one .sin in the conduct of this Gov-
ernment deeper than all others, it is their permit-
tine; this indignity and insult on the part or Great
Britain to pass with impunity. Plow different is
it from the example given to the world in the
JNTootka ease.
Great Britain has a sliding scale not only in re-
gard to her com laws, but she has one also m re-
gard to the faith which she keeps with other na-
tions. She feels the pulse of a nation with whom
she has or expe<tN to have a controveisy, in order
to ascertain how large a dose of her compound of
arrogance acd exaction the patient will stand, and
she deals out the nostrum rtccoidingly.
We are asked how Great Britain can avoid going
to war with us if our citizens settle, north of the
Columbia river, or venture on any part of the ter-
ritory which she claims? My reply is this: that
when she, by bluster and bravado, places herself
in a false position in regard to another nation, and
finds that her demands will not be submitted to,
and that she can expect no benefit from a war, she
will have sufficient addiess to bow herself out of it
with a tolerable grace. Such is her position now.
She claims that which is ours; if we submit, she
will take it, and Iowa and Wisconsin into the bar-
gain. If we do not submit, she, seeing that war
would be more perilous to her than to us, will re-
examine her title-papers, and find and bring to
light some mop with red lines traced upon it, that
will let her out of the difficulty, and cover her re-
treat.
The war-cry that has been raised here and
throughout the country, in the discussion of this
question, I regard as one of the greatest humbugs
of the age. It is a tempest in a teapot, which, like
the innumerable bank panics and war panics gotten
up for the occasion within the last fifteen years, will
have its day, and pass off, leaving those who are
alarmed by it to wonder why they were so need-
lessly excited.
Let the weir prophets avoid the error into which
Miller fell in foretelling the destruction of the earth,
and not set the day for the fulfilment of the prophe-
cy too near at hand.
Great Britain does not desire a war with us, and
we do not desire a war with her. She wants our
bread rather than our blood. The mutual interests
of the two nations are bonds between them to keep
the peace. She must obtain from us our cotton
and provisions-in exchange for her manufactures^
To talk about Great Britain conquering us Is wholly
preposterous. Our,territory extendingfrom ocean
to ocean—our population, numbering twenty mil-
lions of souls, nerved by the conviction that ours
is the best and the only popular government on
earth, we are impregnable to the attacks of any
and all foreign powers. The inevitable result of a
war would be the loss to Great Britain of the Can-
adas. She has done much more by her course in
regard to the Oregon territory to provoke us to a
war than all of our proposed measures can dq to
embroil her in a war with us. In addition to the
other acts of aggression upon our territory, we find
the reasons avowed for renewing the charter to the
Hudson Bay Company in the following extract:
" On the 10th of February, 1837, t&e Hudson
Bay Company applied to the British Government
for "a new lease of their charter for twenty-one
years. The application was made in a letter of
that date, from J. Pelly, Esq., Governor of the
Company, to Lord Glenelg, then Secretary of-
State for the Colonies. This letter sets forth the
grounds of the application. It states all that the
company have done to carry out the purposes of
the British Government. It tells how they have
driven the Americans out of the fur trade, and got
it all for themselves—how they occupy the whole
country by twenty-two permanent establishments,
(this was in 1837,) and many distinct hunting
parties—how they keep six armed vessels, one of
them a steamer, off the coast—how they have in
one place begun farming, and mean to export ag-
ricultural products—how the country is as fine
farming ground as any in America—and, finally,
how they confidently hope that?' with care and
protection, tlie British dominion may not only be
preserved in this country, which it has- been so
much the wish of Russia and America to occupy,1
to the exclusion of British subjects, but British
interest and British influence may be maintained
as paramount on this interesting part of the coast
of the Pacific.' Thus far—and it is very far—
Governor Pelly, speaking to the Government of
the company 's purpose and policy,
" But this is not all. On the 1st of February,
1837, George Simpson, Esq.,.agent of :the com-
pany in America, writes to Governor Pelly on
the same subject. He says, i the possession of
that country (Oregon) to Great Britain may be-
come an object of very great importance, and we
are strengthening their claim to it by forming the
nucleus of a colony, through the establishment of
farms and the settlement of some of our retiring
officers and servants as agriculturists.' This too
went to the Government with the application for
anew lease. Of course the company gottheirlease.
To the British Government, such arguments were
altogether irresistible. But, be it observed, into
the new lease thus granted in 1838, the Govern-
ment introduced a wholly new condition. Lord
Glenelg tells them in his reply, that they may
have their trade monopoly as before,4 but,5 he
adds, 4 it will be indispensable to introduce into
the new charter such conditions as may enable
her Majesty to grant, for the purpose of settle-
ment and colonization, any of the lands comprised
in it.' And accordingly in the charter was inserted
a proviso reserving to the crown, in the largest
terms, a full right to 'establish colonies,' and 'gov-
ern' them, and 'annex tbem to other colonies be-
longing to the crown'—and this in any of the 'lands
granted.' What were these lands so granted ? The
northwest of America not ' under any civil gov-
ernmentof the United States.* That is, every inch
of Oregon, down to latitude 42 degrees.''
Thus it will be seen that the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, under the authority of the British Govern-
ment, is not only settling her retired servants in
that country, but is also preparing prospectively
for establishing colonies there; and still we have
made no war upon that power for her encroach-
ments. Yet the distempered fancy of st>me gentle-
men has not only enabled them to see the "*ur-
drawn dagger," but also to fancy they see Great
Britain shaking her " gory locks" at us ibr our
supposed violation of her rights. The war-spirit
is already sufficiently ardent throughout the coun-
try, and does not require to be fanned into a flame.
The aggressions of Great Britain upon American
rights—her bribing the mercenary Indians in times
past to the murder of helpless women and children,
have fixed a deep-rooted prejudice in the minds of
