334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
arbitration, and especially on the terms proposed,
would be followed by happier consequences. On
the contrary, he believes that any attempt to refer
this question to a third Power, would only involve
it in new difficulties.
In declining this proposition, the President refers
to the sentiment expressed in the note of the un-
dersigned of the 30th August last, to which allu-
sion has already been made, that he "cherishes
the hope that this long-pending controversy may
yet be finnlly adjusted m such a manner as not to
disturb the peace, or interrupt the harmony now
so happily subsisting between the two nations."
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to Mr. Pakenham assurances of his dis-
tinguished consideration.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Right Hon. Richard Pakenham, &c. &c. &c.
Mr. Pakenham to Jilr. Buchanan.
Washington, January 6, 3846.
The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's En-
voy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,
has had the honor to receive the note of the Sec-
retary of State of the United States, dated the 3d
instant, in answer to that of the undersigned dated
27th ultimo, containing a proposal for referring the
question of an equitable partition of the Oiegon
territory to the arbitration of some friendly sover-
eign or State.
The undersigned will take an early opportunity
to transmit this communication to her Majesty's j
Government. j!
The undersigned has the honor to renew to Mr. :
Buchanan the assurance of his distinguished eon- j:
suleration. It. PAlvENHAM.
To the lion. James Buchanan", <fcc., &«., ifcc. j:
Mr. Pakenham io Mr. Buchanan. j:
Washington, January 16, 18-16.
Whii an anxious desire to contribute by every j;
means m Ins power to a satisfactory conclusion of
the question pending between the two Govern- j
nicnls respecting Oregon, the undersigned, her p
Britannic Majesty's linvoy Extraordinary and i
.Minister Plenipotentiary, has reflected on the con- ;j
tenis of the note addressed to him on the 3d in- "
stant by the Secretary of State of the United
States, in answer to thai winch the ur,(lei signed j|
hail tIte honor to address to lum on lhe2~/th of last !
month. I,
The note of the undersigned proposed to the j
Government of the United States, that the whole
question of an equitable paitition of the Oregon ;
territory should be referred to the arbitration of jl
sonic friendly sovereign or State. j,
in his answer, the Secretory of Stale infoimed jj
the undersigned that his proposition could not be |
accepted. That it did not propose to refer to ar- ,
bitiation the question of the title to the Oregon tur- j;
ritory claimed by the two Powers respectively. I1
That in proposing to refer to a friendly sovereign |
or State merely the partition or equitable division !'
of the territory between the parties, it assumes the
fact that the title of Gieat Britain to a portion of i|
the territory is valid, and thus takes for granted the
very question in dispute. That under tiiis propo- <
sition the very terms of the submission would con- ,
tain an express acknowledgment of the right of
Great Britain to a portion of the territory, and '
would necessarily preclude the United States from
churning the whole territory before the arbitrator;
and this, too, the Hecietary of State goes on to ob- j,
serve, in the face of Ins note to the undersigned of ■
30th August, by which the President had asserted j.
in the most solemn form the title of the Untied [
States to the whole territory. _
11 is not the purpose of the undersigned in the ^
present note to renew the discussion as to the title ■
of either party, Great Britain or the United States, ,
to the whole or to any part of the Oregon territo-
rv. He must, however, beg leave, with leference jj
to the observation which he lias just quoted, to re-
iniri'i the United States Secretory of State, that if1
the Government of the United States naveformally
advanced a claim to the whole of the Oregon terrt- j
tory, it is no less certain that Great Britain has, m i
a manner equally formal, declared that she, too, j
has rights in the Oregon territory, lucompatib.e
will) the exclusive claim advanced by the United j
States. _ !
This declaration, arising from a conviction equal- '
ly sincere, will, the undersigned is persuaded, be
viewed with the same consideration by the Govern-
ment of the United States, as they expect that their
own declaration should receive at the hands of the
Government of Great Britain. .
This, premised, the object of the undersigned in
addressing to Mr. Buchanan the present communi-
cation is to ascertain from him whether, supposing
the British Government to entertain no objection
■to such a course, it would suit the views of the
United States Government to refer to arbitration,
not, as has already been proposed, the question of
an equitable partition of* the territory, but the
question of title in either of the two Powers to the
whole territory, subject of course to the condition
that if neither should be found, in the opinion of
the arbitrator, to possess a complete title to the
whole territory, there should, in that case, be as-
signed to each that portion of territory which
would, in the opinion of the arbitrating Power, be
called for by a just appreciation of the respective
claims of each.
The undersigned has suggested a reference on
the above principle to some friendly sovereign or
State.
This the undersigned believes to be the course
usually followed ill such cases; it is that which has
already been resorted to by the two Governments,
(and more than once.) But there may be other
forms of arbitration, perhaps, more agreeable to
the Government of the United States.
Theie might be, for instance, a mixed commis-
sion, with an umpire appointed by common con-
sent; or there might be aboard, composed of the
most distinguished civilians and jurists of the time,
appointed m such a manner as should bring all
pending questions to the decision of the most en-
lightened, impartial, and independent minds.
In the. present position of affairs, and feeling how
much the interests of both countries require, an
early as well as an amicable and satisfactory ad-
justment of existing difficulties, the undersigned
earnestly invites the Secretary of State to take the
subject of this note into consideration, with a view
to such an arrangement on the principle of arbitra-
tion as may seem to the Government of the United
Slates to be most just, wise, and expedient.
The undersigned takes advantage of this oppor-
tunity to renew to the Hon. James Buchanan the
assurance of his high consideration.
R. PAKENHAM.
To the Hon. James Buchanan, etc.., &c., &.c.
Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Pakenham.
Department of State,
Washington, February 4, 1846.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States, has the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of the note of Mr. Pakenham, her Britannic
Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary, dated on the 16th ultimo, by
which he again proposes a reference of the Ore-
gon question to arbitration. Under his present
proposition, the powers of the arbitrator would
not, as in his last.be limited in terms to the di-
vision of the tenitory between the parties, but
would extend to the question of their conflicting
titles. There is, however, a condition annexed to
this offer, which exposes it to the same objection,
in point of fact, if not in form, which was promi-
nently presented ill the answer of the undersigned
lo Mi. Pakenham's last, proposal. This condi-
tion is, " that if neither [party] should be found,
in the opinion of the arbitrator, to possess a com-
plete title to the whole territory, there should, in
that case, be assigned to each that portion of ter-
ritory which would, in ihe opinion of the arbi-
trating power, be called for by a just appreciation
of the respective claims of each. If the Govern-
ment of the United States should consent to an ar-
bitration upon such a condition, this might, and
probably would, be construed into an intimation,
if not a direct invitation, to the arbitrator to di-
vide the territory between the parties. Were it
possible for the President, under any circum-
stances, to consent to refer the subject to arbitra-
tion, the title, and the title alone, detached from
every other consideration, is the only question
which could be submitted. If not confined to a
single point, so strong is the natural disposition of
arbitrators to please both parties, that in almost
eveiy instance, whether of national or of individ-
i ual controversies, they make a compromising
award. We have a memorable example of this in
our last arbitration with Great Britain. Notwith-
standing that the arbitrator, tinder the terms of
the submission, was clearly and explicitly confined
to the decision of which was the line of high-
lands described in the treaty of peace of 1783, yet,
instead of pursuing any range of highlands what-
ever, he advised that the line should rim aloiig the
bed of a river, and actually divided the territory in
dispute between the parties by " the middle of the
deepest channel of the St. John's."
The undersigned might content himself, in an-
swer to the present proposition, with a reference
to the observations contained in his last note to
Mr. Pakenham, of the 3d ultimo. In that it was
plainly intimated not only that there are other
conclusive reasons for declining the proposition,"
independently of the one which had been promi-
nently stated, but it was expressly'asserted as the
belief of the President, "that any attempt to re-
fer this question to a third Power would only in-
volve it in new difficulties."
The undersigned wdl, however, proceed to state
a single reason which, apart from the intrinsic dif-
ficulty of selecting a suitable arbitrator, as well aa
other considerations that might be adduced, is con-
clusive on the mind of the President against a ref-
erence of tliis question to arbitration, in any form
which can be devised, no matter what may be the
character of the arbitrator—whether sovereign,
citizen, or subject. This .reason is, that he does
not believe the territorial rights of this nation to be
a proper subject for arbitration. It may be ti-ue,
that, under peculiar circumstances, if the interests
at stake were comparatively small, and if both par-
ties stood upon an equal "footing, there might be-
no insuperable objection to such a course. But
what is the extent of territory in dispute on the
present occasion? It embraces nearly thirteen de-
grees of latitude along the northwest coast of the
Pacific, and stretches eastward to the summit of
the Rocky mountains. Within its limits several
powerful and prosperous States of the Union may
be embraced. It lies contiguous on this continent
to the acknowledged territory of the United States,
and is destined, at no distant day, to be peopled by
our citizens. This territory presents the avenue
through which the commerce of our western States
can be profitably Conducted* with Asia and the
western coasts of this continent; and its ports the
only harbors belonging to the United States to
which our numerous whalers and other vessels in
that region can rcsoit. And yet, vast as are its
dimensions, it contains not a single safe and com-
modious harbor from its southern.extremity until
we approach the 49th parallel of latitude.
It is far from the intention of the undersigned
again to open the discussion of the conflicting
claims of the two Powers to the Oregon territory.
It is sufficient for him to state the continued convic-
tion of the President, that the United States hold
the best title in existence to the whole of this ter-
ritory. Under this conviction, he cannot consent
to jeopard for his country all the great interests in-
volved, and by any possibility, however remote, to
deprive the republic of all the good harbors on the
coast, by referring the question to arbitration.
Neither is the territory in dispute of equal, or
nearly equal value to the two Powers. Whilst it
is invaluable to the United States, it is of compar-
atively small importance to Great Britain. To her
Oregon would be but a distant colonial possession
of doubtful value; and which, from the natural pro-
gress of human events, she would not probably
long enough enjoy to derive from it essential bene-
fits; whilst to tlic United States it would become an
integral and essential portion of the republic. The
gain to Great Britain she would never sensibly feel;
whilst the loss to the United States would be irrep-
arable.
The undersigned is perfectly aware that such
considerations can have no bearing upon the ques-
tion of the tiile of either party. They are pre-
sented solely for the purpose of explaining the
views of the President m his refusal to adopt any
measure which should withdraw our title from the
control of the Government and people ofthe United
States, and place it within the discretion of any
arbitrator, no matter how intelligent and respect-
able.
The President cordially concurs with the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain in desiring that thepres-
ent controversy may be amieably adjusted. Of
this he has given the strongest proof before the
