888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 0,
that war was inevitable. What he had said was, j
that he was afraid that war would take place, and ;
he would add that every day increased his appre- 1
hensions. He flight now, since the information
called for by Congress had been laid before them
by the President—he might now say that all that
he had stated on the 15th day of December in re-
lation to this subject had been fully borne out. He
might now say theie was then strong cause for ap-
prehension, and that there now is still stronger
cause. That the armaments of Great Britain were
prepared with a view of being called into use against
this country no man could doubt. He would say
to his honorable friend from Florida that his first
impressions not only remained, but had become
strengthened by the "indications which had since
exhibited themselves. Notwithstanding the mild
tone of the English journals, he was not to be de- j
ceived by a few soft words in an English news- !
paper. It only went to show that the war fever j
was permitted in some measure to subside; but ;
this circumstance ottered no satisfactory evidence i
to his mind that the danger of war was more re- !
mote. But the honorable Senator was mistaken 1
in supposing that he had at any time asserted that j
war was inevitable, and much more so in sup- j
posing him to be an advocate of war. i
Mr. WESTCOTT said he had not imputed to I
the honorable Senator a desire for war. He had !
merely referred to the argument made use of by
the Senator that it wouluv be utterly impossible to
keep the settlers in Oregon from hostile collisions,
and that this would very probably lead to v;<v.
But if there were those (and no one couhl doubt
there were) who seriously apprehended that war
was inevitable, it appeared to him that they, at
least, must be in favor of*thc immediate adoption
of this measure, not as a war measure, but one
which, if the storm which threatened burst not
upon us, if the peace of the country remained un-
broken, would £>c free from the objection of bcm:r ■;
a wasteful and extravagant expenditure of public j]
money. It was not as a wor measure, he repeat- I;
ed, that he raised his humble voice in favor of this 'j
bill. If the people of this country were armed i
and prepared at all points, from Maine to Texas;
if they had a naval force superior to that of Eng- ;
land; if they had an overflowing treasury, and
everything was in the best possible condition for |
meeting an enemy, still he would consider the man !
who could do most towards preserving the peace ;
of the count! y would deserve the highest reward
which his countrymen could bestow upon him. j
Mr. Westcott having concluded, the cjuesrion ,
was about to be put upon the pending motion for ,
postponement; when
Mr. DICKINSON suggested that, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Aiihirs was not I
now m his seat, and would be absent the greater
part of the week, the bill had better be passed by j
informally for the present. \
Mr. MANGUM objected. He desired that the j
vote should be taken. j
Mr. HAYWOOD said he presumed there was j
no expectation entertained by the honorable chair- j
man of the Naval Committee (who was now un- !
avoidably absent) that the question would be taken ■
to-day; and he hoped, therefore, that the motion
would not be pressed. He would prefer that the
bill be laid upon the table, to be taken up again
whenever it should be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM said he would state the reason
why lie desired that the vote should be taken. _ He
was uttcily opposed to the passage of the bill at
this time, and he believed that wa<J the sense of i;
the majority of the Senate. He would vote sgainst j
laying it on the table until the other question had j'
been tested. j1
Mr. SEVIER stated that he had conversed with ||
the chairman of the committee from which the bill j!
was reported, and that it had been agreed that it !,
should be postponed until certain other questions i;
had been disposed of. !<
Mr. YULEE observed that, as he had urged
the passage of the bill at an early day, he deemed
it proper to state that he was now favorable to the
postponement of its consideration either to the day
named by the Senator from Missouri, or to some j!
earlier day; and he was so because the course of j,
the discussion upon the bill had been calculated to \<
confuse the Senate in reference to its details. He
was desirous that it should be taken up and con-
sidered in a practical manner, and not treated as a
political question. His great desire was to increase
the strength and efficiency of the navy by adding
to the steam branch of the service, if possible, with-
out increasing the annual expenditure for the na-
val service. He thought this might be done by
giving a judicious direction to the sum annually
appropriated. He hoped it would be postponed,
that they might have time to consider the details
of the bill with a view of so directing the applica-
tion of any appropriation which might be made
as to ensure its economical expenditure.
Mr. DICKINSON remarked that it would be
somewhat unusual to take a vote upon postpone-
ment in the absence of the chairman; and he thought
it could do no great mischief, at all events, to pass
it by informally. The chairman might be in his
place by Thursday.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he was desirous of
saying a few words in relation to this subject; and
he would do so now only for the fact that the Sec-
retary of the Navy had not yet had time to com-
municate the information asked for by a resolution
which he had the honor of submitting a few days
ago. Ho hoped the bill would be passed by in-
formally for the present.
Mr. MANGUM said he was desirous that the
sense of the {Senate should be tested now upon the
question of postponement to a future day for con-
sideration—not that he was opposed to the adop-
tion of a suitable measure for placing the navy m
a proper condition, but there were gentlemen who
represented this bill as being a peace measure, and
otiiors who represented it as being a war measure,
while, as iie believed, a large majouty of that body
weie utterly opposed to the course which the ne-
gotiations had taken, and especially that portion
of them which was developed m the last corres-
pondence. As he believed that the spirit mani-
fested in that correspondence was not satisfactory
to a majority of that body, he was desirous that,
in the piesent crisis, if it were a crisis, there should
be a distinct manifestation of the sense of the Sen-
ate. He believed, and he spoke for himself only,
that a system of delusion, winch could not be alto-
Kethrr disguised, had been attempted to be kept
up, m order to affright, to irritate, to arouse the
peopie of this country, while the man who is at
the head of the Government entertained no more
idea of getting into a war than he (Mr. M.) did of
encouraging such a course. And he would take
the responsibility of saying (and such was the es-
wnm'e which he cnteitamed of the ability with
which the thing had been conducted) that if he had
morii confidence in the sagacity and statesmanship
of tiiu.se who ha\e the control of public affairs, he
would feel much less anxiety than he now felt.
When this measure was introduced by the chair-
man of the naval committee, it was very properly
met by the Senator from Missouri, and other Sen-
ators, on the ground that, if it were designed as a
war measure, it was but a drop in the bucket. If,
on the other hand, it were in reality only a peace
measure, and all difficulties were soon to be set-
tled amicably, as he had no doubt the Administra-
tion expected, he was unwilling that the public
mind should be kept in a state of excitement, agi-
tation, and alarm.
He thought that, in the present state of the pub-
lic mind, they ought not to be discussing those lit-
tle measures. If they were now in the condition
which the papers recently laid before Congress
seemed to indicate, every man must admit that
it was a more critical position than they had here-
tofoic occupied; and yet he had not a particle of
doubt that the main cause which had contributed
to bring us into that condition, was the mystifica-
tion, the drumming up for effect, which was very
early commenced, when no man even supposed
that we could got into a war for a slip of territory
at one end of the earth—wh.cn no man doubted
that the affairs of the country, if entrusted to safe
hands, were m a perfectly safe condition.
He was wjlimg, however, that the bill should lie
upon the tabic, and he hoped it would never be
token up unfil they had more light shed upon the
position in which they stood. *
Mr. BAGKY said he had, on a former occasion,
expressed his views in relation to this bill, and he
would now have left it to take its fate, without say-
ing a word upon the subject, had it not been for
what he must term the very extraordinary remarks
of the Senator fiom North Carolina. It was true
the bill had been advocated by some of its ftiends
as a war measure, and by others as a peacc meas-
ure. In both aspects of the question he had ex-
pressed his views clearly and distinctly, and upon
these points he did not differ with the honorable
Senator who had just spoken. As a peace** meas-
ure it was entirely too large, and as a war measure
it was too small. But there was something due,
emphatically due, to those who were engaged in
administering the Government of this country at
present; and so far from agreeing with the Senator
in regard to the disclosures made by the last^ cor-
respondence, he could see in the conduct and man-
agement of the negotiations much to admire. He
approved of the course taken by the Executive
from beginning to end.
What was it*that had been developed ? It was
that compromise, that arbitration in every form in
which it had been presented had been rejected, and,
in his opinion, properly rejected. What was the
great point involved in the proposition to arbitrate ?
Had it come to this, that the United States were
expected to submit the question of the integrity of
her territory to foreign arbitrament ? Did this Gov-
ernment, he asked, stand in that light and trivial
point of view before the nations of the world, that
it was expected to submit a question touching her
rights to the dictum of a monarch? Much as he
respected crowned heads, he would as soon think
of going to trial in a case at law before a packed
jury. He would rather place his interests in the"
hands of those who had less affinity with the op-
posite party. With respect to the opinion of the '
gentleman from North Carolina regarding the Ad-
ministration, it was only natural that he should
withhold his confidence. That Administration had
been formed against the views, the wishes, and the
exertions of the political church to which the Sen- •
ator belonged. He regretted to hear, emanating
from so respectable a source, the remarks which
the Senator had thought proper to use. He had
lived in pretty bad times, and nad seen the Govern-
ment entrusted to those who differed from him in
political faith; but, under that state of things, he
did not think it. his right, much less his duty, to
express a want of confidence. He thought re-
marks of that kind had a tendency to produce bad
effects either in peace or war. It had always been
his course to stand by the country, no matter into
whose hands the Government for the time being
might fall. He would agree that the bill should be-
laia upon the table; and he would further agree
with tne Senator that it should never be taken up
until there was an evident necessity for increasing
the naval establishment of the country. He was
not only opposed to the bill, bathe was determined
not to vote one dollar beyond the ordinary sum for
the support of the naval establishment, unless a
war should take place, which he had not, since the
very commencement of the Oregon controversy,
believed for one moment would be the case. He
fixed his confidence upon the intelligence and sense
of justice-of both countries. And he did not now
think he could be mistaken in supposing that, be-
fore the discussion of the question was ended, there
would be a peaceable and amicable adjustment.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved that the Senate
adjourn; but withdrew the motion temporarily, at
the request of
Mr. ALLEN, who rose for the purpose of re-
plying to one remark of the Senator from North
Carolina. The Senator had said he believed there
was a majority of that body who disapproved of the
course which the negotiations had taken, as devel-
oped in the late correspondence.
Mr. MANGUM. I spoke with reference to the
whole correspondence.
Mr. ALLEN. I can only say I utterly disagree
with the Senator, in the opinion which he express-
ed, that there is a majority here who disapprove of
it. And if the Senator wishes to try the question,
let him submit a resolution.
Mr. MANGUM. What I meant to say was not
perhaps clearly understood. As it was said with-
out any sort of preparation, I will repeat what I
meant to say. I have no authority to speak for any
other than myself, nor perhaps have I a knowledge
more than is merely conjectural as to the opinions
of the Senate upon this point; but I do entertain
the opinion most strongly that there would be found
a majority of this body who believe that the nego-
tiations have not been conducted in the most wise
and judicious manner. That is my belief. ^ And,
in reference to the rejection of the proposition
arbitration, I do not confine myself to the simple
fact of its rejection, but I consider also the manner in
which it was rejected as, perhaps, more objection-
