340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
nopoly in the "British ports. It would be little less
than madness in us to desire a repeal of these laws.
At this point of his argument, his hour expired.
Mr. ADAMS said, the occasion on which he had
spoken, which, in the estimation of his excellent
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,]
should have taken away from him (Mr. A.) the
right of addressing- this committee at this time, and
which,he believed, was the only occasion on which
he had addressed this House at this session at all,
was upon the bill reported here from the Commit-
tee on MiUtnry Affairs, for the purpose of raising
two additional regiments for the army. It was so
far from being the question now before the com-
mittee, that the main drift of the few observations
he had then submitted, was a complaint that he
had understood, by a general report current
throughout the city, that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs had determined not to report the notice
which was now before the House. Upon that oc-
casion, the chairman of that committee [Mr. C. J.
Xnxjersoll] stated that no such determination had
absolutely been taken, and that no member of that
committee had been authorized to make such a
declaration to this House. Whereupon, it might
be within the remembrance of some of the mem-
bers of this committee, if not all of them, that he
(Mr. A.) stated that he was very glad to hear it,
and he hoped that within the course of a very few
days that report would be made, and that it would
be made the first subject of consideration in this
House, as one of many highly important measures i
which would necessarily follow, if that should be i
adopted. Sir, (said Mr. A.,) to my great gratifi- *
Upon this, however, I shall have but little to
say 111 addition to what I have said before; adopt-
ing as far as the committee will permit all the ar-
guments of all gentlemen who have maintained the
same side of the question. But, sir, in the course
of this debate, even before what has fallen from
the honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. King]
to-day, I think I have heard a number of gentlemen
who have spoken, drawn rather too much into per-
sonalities upon this question. I have been charged
even before this day with inconsistency in my
own course; and sometimes it has been intimated
that I have been actuated bv motives not of the
purest and most patriotic kind for having at a for-
! mer time entertained the opinion that Great Brit-
1 ain has some right upon this question.
Mr A. proceeded to notice these personal allu-
sions, and to present his interpretation of the sub-
sisting convention between Great Britain and the
United States. The situation of his health (he
said) was such that he must ask an apology from
this committee for anything desultory which it was
possible he might s ay, for reasons with which he
should not trouble the committee. He had recent-
ly within a few days past been urged by a number
of his friends to say something of the reasons why
the termination of this convention should take
place; bat feeling the extreme burden under which
lie labored m addressing the committee, he had
come into this House rather despairing of his op-
portunity fot taking any pait in this debate. And
lie should not now have attempted it, had it not
been for the personal appeal made to him—he con-
fessed in a manner which surprised him—from a
cation, within three days after that time, that re- |j genUfmnn with whom his relations had always
P01*t was made by the chairman of the Committee j j been of the most friendly character, and who hitli-
on foreign Aliairs; and, as I then expressed my i. erto has observed the rules which that friendly
desire, it has been the first subject ot material im- jj relation prescribed. That gentleman commenced,
portance taken^up by this House, and under their jj by what he conceived to be a disorderly appeal to
consideration from day to day to the present. At
that time, when I addressed the House, sir, I stated
that I was not in a condition to address? this House
for any length of time—that 1 had neither the power
of body or of mind; and now, the situation under
which I rise, for various reasons not necessary for
me to detail to the House, make me far more in-
competent to address this committee than I was
then, upon any subject whatever, for any length
of time.
Sir, (said Mr. A.,) at that time I suited express-
ly that, after great deliberation and with great re-
luctance, I had twehe months os>-o declared to tins
House that my mind was made up that the time
was come for g'
the termination
at the expiration of twelve months: that 1 ho con-
tinued then of the same opinion, and was ready
for passing any resolution lor giving that notice. *
Sir, since that time this House has been engaged
with all the ability—1 must say unsurpassable—
and with all the patriotism, unsurpassed, as I be-
lieve, by any people on the face of the world, in
the consideration of that very question. 1 have
endeavored to keep my mind as tar as possible as
impartial on this .subject as if it had not been made
up before; I have listened with attention—all the
attention I could command—to the speakers on
both sides of the question; and if my mind had nof
been made up in the most positive and inflexible
manner to the opinion that time was come for the
htm, (Mr. A.,) contrary to, and in violation of,
the rules of this House, by putting a question to
him (Mr. A.) instead ot* addressing the Chair, or
at least, of addressing the Chair, and stating that
bo had a question to put to him, (Mr. A.) What
right had the gentleman to ask him any question?
Mr. K.1JNG rose for explanation, and Mr. A.
yielding the floor, stated that he had addressed the
('hair, saying, with all due respect, he should like
to ask tiie honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts a question. The Chair made no objection,
and, as he conceived, nssunted, and he (?&r. Iv.)
propounded it. He did not think there was any-
v< , ..thing unparliamentary or disrespectful in it; he jj
l* giving to Great Britain the notice of i1 certainly intended nothing disrespectful io the gen- \[
on of the convention of the year 18:27 tleman from Mnswhus-Us. |j
Mr. ADAMS (resuming.) ! believe the gentle- !■
man that he did not intend anything disrespectful, •]
and perhaps nothing unparliamentary. Accord- jj
ing to my ideas of the rules of this House, it was ji
unparliamentary, though I did not understand it jj
to be intended as disrespectful, and therefore I an- ||
swered the question. 1 answered it as specifically, jj
as undi^guisedly, as clearly as my heart and mind 11
could permit me to; and then he said * * * jj
(This portion of the .sentence was lost to the re- |t
porter, j !;
1 think he might have concluded, from what he !;
knew of me before that time, what my position was; !;
and he mi<rht have made any argument he thought
inferrible from it, without making thaWdirect per-
notice to be given to Great Britain, I do not know Ij sonai appeal. I refer to this now because, as I said
what would have been the result of this debate
upon my mmd. I mean to say that evei ything in
the nature of argument, everything in the nature
of fact, everything that can ha\ e the power of per-
suasion upon the human mind, has been in my
opinion, brought forward and laid before this
House in this debate; and T say, not upon one side
of the question, but upon the other. 1 cannot un-
before, it is perhaps the final and the only reason
why I venture to addicss the committee at this
time. 1 have st.id, before this question arose, to j
the House—1 have said, in urging the Committee ;
on Foreign Affairs to pur us m a situation to meet |
the question, that 1 was ready to vote for the notice '
to Great Britain to terminate this convention. 1 '
have not entered into all the reasons that have j
dertake to draw the balance of ability between the ji brought me to that conclusion; i did not think it i
arguments on the two sides; but I say that, in my ij necessary; I was willing to leave upon the balance j
estimation, there never was a debate m a delibera- !• of the debate which has taken place in this House !
tive body where a subject has been more thorough-
ly and more completely exhausted than this has
been. It has left me. sir, where I was; it has left
me with a conviction, foitified by all that has been
said in this deliberation, that the time has come
for giving thi« notice to the Government of Great
Britain; that the convention of 1897 shall be ter-
minated at the expiration of the twelve months
from the notice being given by the President of the
United States to the British Government of the
determination of these United States to put an end
to that agreement,
-upon the arguments that have taken place on both
sides—I was willing to leave it to the House, and ii
to sav £{ay"—yes, to say uay5'—to any of the ji
propositions brought before the House to terminate ! j
the convention of 1827, for which the largest ma- ij
jority of this House can be obtained—to any of the 11
propositions, from the direct, positive proposition n
'"reported by the chairman of the Committee on <\
Foreign Affairs, down to the last, of all, if there is j|
any difference in substance between them—down jj
to the last and most timid of all which have been ;!
presented to this House. The more positive, the ■ }
better suited to my mind. But, by way of a com-
promise with the opinions of other members of this
committee, with the desire that when wecome to
this important determination we should show as
strong a majority of this House as possible, I would
vote for the least positive, for the most conciliatory
that has been offered, or that can be offered. I want
the termination of that convention. As to the mode
and manner of doing it, I am willing to do it in
the most conciliatory manner to Great Britain; I
am willing to accompany it with all but a supplica-
tion that negotiation may be continued between the
two parties and brought to a successful result. I
am willing to do all that, provided this and the
other House of Congress shall say that this con-
vention may no longer continue*
Sir, there has been so much said on the question
of title in this case, that I believe it would be a waste
of time for me to say anything more about it, un-
less I refer to a little book you have there upon
your table, which you sometimes employ to ad-
minister a solemn oath to every member of this
House to support the Constitution of the United
States. If you have it, be so good as to pass it to
j the Clerk, and I will ask him to read what I con-
| ceive to be the foundation of our title.
| If the Clerk will be so good as to read the 26th,
: 27th, and 28th verses of the 1st chapter of Gen-
! esis, the committee will see what I consider to be
! the foundation of the title of the United States,
j The Clerk read accordingly as follows:
; "26. And God said, Let us make man in our
| ' image, after our likeness; and let them have do-
4 minion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl
' of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the
' earth, and over every creeping thing that creep-
; * eth upon the earth.
j " 27. So God created man in his own image, in
| ' the image of God created he him: male and fe-
( * male created he them.
i il 28. And God blessed them, and God said unto
! £ them, Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the
! 4 earth, and subdue it; and have dominion over the
> 4 fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and
j 4 over every living thing that moveth upon the
' ' earth."
That, sir, (continued Mr. A.} in my judgment,
is the foundation not only of our title to the terri-
tory of Oregon, but the foundation^ of all human
title to all human possessions. It is the founda-
tion of the title by which you occupy that chair;
it is the foundation of the title by which we are
now called to occupy the territory of Oregon; and
we cannot do it without putting a close to any
agreement which wc have made with Great Brit-
ain that wc will not occupy it.
And here I beg leave to repeat an idea that I
have already expressed before, and that is, that
there is a very great misapprehension of the real
merits of this case founded on the misnomer which
declares that convention to be a convention of joint
occupation. Sir, it is not a convention of joint oc-
cupation. It is a convention of non-occupation—a
promise on the part of both parties that neither of
the parties will occupy the territory for an indefinite
space; first for ten years; then until the notice shall
be given from one party to the other that the con-
vention shall be terminated-—that is to say, that
the restriction, the fetter upon our hands shall be
thrown off, which prevents occupation, and pre-
vents the carrying into execution the law of God,
which the Clerk has read fVom the Holy Scrip-
tures. Now, if this controversy in relation to
the territory of Oregon was with any other than
a Christian nation, I could not cite that book.
With the Chinese, and all nations who do not ad-
mit the canon of Scripture, it would be quite a dif-
ferent question. It would be a different question
between us and the Indian savages, who occupy that
country as far as there is anv right of occupation,
for they do not believe this 'book. I suppose the
mass of this House believe this book. I see them
go up and take their oath of office upon it; and
many of the southern members kiss the book in
token, I suppose, of their respect for it. It is be-
tween Christian nations that the foundation of title
to land is laid in the first chapter of Genesis, and it
is in this book that the title to jurisdiction, to emi-
nent domain, to individual property, had its foun-
dation—ail of which flow from other sources sub-
sequent to that which the Clerk read.
Now I will ask the Clerk to read another pas-
sage of that book; and that is, I think, the'8th
verse of the 2d Psalm. . * -
