1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
was in-order to a mere motion to suspend the rules.
He thought the Chair was under a misapprehen-
sion as to- the applicability of the previous question
in such a case.
The SPEAKER.' The question is not debata-
ble; nor is the motion to suspend the rules, inas-
much as it relates to the priority of business, de-
batable.
Mr. HOUSTON. Therefore, the demand for
the previous question is not in order.
The SPEAKER, read the rule, and said the
Chair would repeat that that rule, as well as all
others, is susceptible of being suspended by a vote
of two-thirds, if the House will come to order.
[The House tried for a moment to do so, but the
experiment failed.]
The SPEAKER continuing. No debate is in
order, pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURT inquired of the Speaker, whether a
motion to lay the motion to suspend the role on
the table would be in order?
The SPEAKER said it would.
Mr. BURT submitted that motion.
Mr. PAYNE asked tho yeas imd nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Benton, Biggs,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brockenbrough,
Milton Brown, Burt, John G. Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chipman,Cobb,
Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Durgari,
Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Dobbin, Dockery,
John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing. Garvin,
Graham, Grider, Hogo, Isaac E. Holmes, Hop-
kins, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard,
Joseph R. ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Thomas B.
King, Leake, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay, Me.Cou-
ncil, McHcnry, McKay, Marsh, John 1'. Mar-
tin, Miller, Payne,Pendleton, Reid, Rliett, Runic,
Russell, Sohenck, Seddon, A. D. Sims, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Jacob
Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, Trcdway, Vance,
Woodward, Yancey, and Young—7i.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Aslimun,
Bnlcer, Rarringer, James Black, Blanchard, Brink-
erhoff, Brodhcad, Wm. G. Brown, Bulling Ion,
Will. W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Calh-
cart, Clarke, Collin, Constable, Cullom, Culver,
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Darragh, Do
Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Douglass, Dunlup, Ed-
sall, JSilsworth, Erdman, Faran, Poster, Fries,
Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Grmnell, Grovor, Hamlin, Hampton, Harmanson,
Harper, Henley, Herriek, Hilliard, Elias B.
Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston, S. D. Hub-
bard, Hungerlbrd, Washington Hunt, James B,
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Kennedy, Daniel P.
Kina;, Preston King, Lawrence, Leib, La Sere,
Lewis, Levin, McClcan, MoCleUaml, McCler-
nand, McCrate, McDowell, McGaughey, Mc-
llvaine, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, Mosclcy,
Niven, Norris, Owen,Parish, Perrill,Perry,Pettit,
Phelps, Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rcllb,
Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, Sawyer,
Scaminon, Seaman, Severance, Leonard H. Sims,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith,Stanton, Stewart, St. John, Strohm,
Strong, Tlnbodeaux, Thomasson, Benj. Thomp-
son, James Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo,
Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilmot,
Winthrop, Woodruff, Wood worth, Wright, and
Yost—126'.
So the motion was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
Mr. PAYNE inquired of the Chair what its de-
cision was?
The SPEAKER. That it requires two-tl\irds
' to suspend the rule.
Mr. PAYNE asked for the reading of the rule.
The SPEAKER said it had been read, and the
Chair had given its decision; but the rule could
be read again, if no objection was made.
And it was read.
Mr. PAYNE said there was another rule, which
read as follows:
" No standing rale or order of the House shall
' be rescinded or changed without one day's notice
' being given of the motion therefor."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of the
rule; but has decided that two-thirds may suspend
that, or any other rule.
Mr. PAYNE. I appeal from the decision. Can
I debate it ?
The SPEAKER. No. The Chair-wilj call the
gentleman's attention to another rule—(i. e.,_that
which provides that no debate shall be entertained
after a demand for the previous question.)
Mr. PAYNE. Well, then, without debate, I ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, and I demand
the yeas and nays, (which were refused.)
The SPEAKER, stated the point of order and his
decision.
And thereupon the question, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affwintd.
And the question then recurring on the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked whether lie was
not at liberty to modify his motion?
The SPEAKER said, Yes, at any time before
the demand for tho previous question had been
scc-onded.
Whereupon Mr. INGERSOLL so modified his
motion as to suspend tho rule until to-morrow at
three o'clock.
Mr. BOYD. If in order, I move to suspend the
rules that the (louse may resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole oil the state of tho Union.
The SPEAK ICR. There is already a motion
pending to suspend the rules; and two motions to
that effect cannot be entertained at the same time.
The SPEA K ICR was about to put the question.
Mr. ASHMtifs" u mi led to know what it was?
The SPEAKER. It is on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [\tr.(!. J. K'Of.usoi.i.,*]
that the rule hniiiin^ the delule lo one hour be sus-
pended until to-moirow at three o'clock.
And t|ie question being taken oil the demand for
the previous question, tin; affirmative \ote was an-
nounced as liti.
Pending the negative vole—
Mr. SOHICNC'v roue to inquire whether, even
if the hour-rule should be suspended, the commit-
tee would not, when !he hour of three arrived, be
compelled to vote, iu puisuanre of the older \v liich
the House had adopted'
The SPEAK ICR. That is a question for the
chairman of the comniittee, not for I lie Speaker, to
decide.
The negative vote was "given up."
So there was a second to the, demand for the
previous question.
And the main question was ordered to be now-
taken.
Mr. BOYD demanded the yeas and nays; winch
were ordered.
And the question, "Shall the rule be suspend-
ed," was taken, and decided as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Asbmun, Ba-
ker, Bianchard, William G. Brown, Bullington,
William W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Catli-
eart. Collin, Cullom, Cuher, Cunningham, Dan-
iel, De. Mott, Dixon, Douglass, ICrdman, Faran,
Garvin, Giddings, Grinnell, llamhn, 1 lenley, ller-
l-iek, Billiard, ICIias 15. Holmes, Hough, Samuel
D. Hubbard, liungerford, Washington Hunt, C.
J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James li. Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Mc-
Clean, McGaughey, Mellvaiiie, Baiclay Martin,
Morns, Moseley, Norris, Owen, Pettit, Phelps,
Price, Ramsey, Riiter, Julius Rockwell, Root,
Scammon, Severance, Leonard H. Sims, CalebB.
Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stewart, St. John,
Thomasson, Tilden, Wentworth, White," Wilmot,
Yell, and Yost—1>9.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Barringer, Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, Ben-
ton, Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Biocke,nbrou°h,Brodhead,
Milton Brown, Burt, John G. Chapman, Augus-
tus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Constable,
Cranston, Crozier, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Jeffer-
son Davis, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dockery, Dun-
lap, Edsall, Ellsworth, John H. Ewing, Edwin
H. Ewing, Ficklin, Foot, Fries, Gentry, "Giles,
Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Grover,
Hampton, Haralson. Harmanson, Harper, Hoge,
Hopkins, John W. Houston, George S. Houston;
Edmund W. Hubard, James B. Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Thomas Butler King, Lawrence,
Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClelland, McCrate, McDowell, McHenry,
Marsh, John P. Martin, Moulton, Niven, Parish,
Payne, Pendleton, Perrill, Perry, Pollock, Rath-
bun, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, John A. Rockwell, Bunk,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Schenck, Seaman,
Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweath-
er, Stephens, Strohm, Strong, Thibodeaux, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts,
Toomfcs, Towns, Tredway, Trumbo, Vance, Vin-
ton, Wheaton, Williams, Woodruff, Woodward,
Wright, Yancey, and Young—126.
So the rule was not suspended.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of tho Union, (Mr. Tibbatts in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion of notice, and of the amendments thereto
pending.
Mr. HARALSON next addressed thecommittee,
(in a speech which will appear hereafter in the
Appendix.) He tlftught it would have been in-
finitely better for the interests of the country if
this debate had never taken place, and if the no-
tice to terminate the joint convention of 1827 had
been given according to the recommendation of the
President. In such a course there would have
been nothing looking like a measure of war.
Pie commented on the recent letter of Mr. Mc-
Lane, detailing the conversation with^ the British.
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, with a view to show
the absence of every reasonable doubt that the war-
like preparations made by the Government of
Great Britain had in fact an eye to a rapture with
the United States. He (Mr. II.) desired no war;
his interests, and those of the whole country, he
believed to be 111 opposition to such a resort. But
there were evils greater than war, and amongst
these M as the loss of national honor; and he be-
lieved thai our Government would have been jus-
tified in suspending negotiations until'an explicit
disavowal of the object of these preparations, as
against the United States, had been made.
He spoke in favor of the notice, and expressed
the hope thai we might arrive at an honorable ad-
justment of the difficulty. But if we could not—
if we were to have a fight for the country north of
4<)°.—he was ill favor of a fight for all, and nothing
less than all.
Mr, C. J. INGERSOLL having obtained the
lloor, addressed the committee.
After eighty or ninety speeches on this subject,
lie said it would not bo necessary for him to occu-
py much of the time of the committee. Pie defer-
red so much to the opinions of others who had pre-
ceded him, that he, scarcely thought it necessary
to add anything to what they had said. Though
acting as the oigan of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, it was a matter of perfect indifference to
linn what form might be given to the notice; but
it was necessary that the notice should be given,
for the reason that Great Britain had complete
possession o 1' a portion of the territory of Oregon,
und had expelled eiery Americun adventurer from
it, as had been stated by a number of British au-
thorities.
It was so stated in the article in the Edinburgh
Review on this subject in July last. It had also
been stated, 011 the best authority, that the value of
the timber trade ill north Oregon had been half a
million a year. We had thus, by leaving Great
Britain in possession of the territory for thirty
years, given to her fifteen millions. We had given
to Great Britain fifteen millions to expel us from
Oregon—the same sum which we had given for
the purchase of Louisiana. He would say no more
about the notice, but pass to some of the corolla-
ries of the problem, which, perhaps, it might be
nccessary and proper to notice, particularly as they
had great influence on the public mind.
He would speak first of the peculiar aspect of
this question, as it affected the American nation;
and next, of the aspect which it had in respect to
our foreign relations. Everywhere but in this
country war was an executive measure; but here it
could be declared only by act of Congress; but ter-
ritorial treaties were the subject of legislation in
every country where there is a representative Gov-
ernment. In England, in France, and even in
Germany, according to Mr. Wheaton's work, no
territorial change could be made by treaty in that
Government without the assent of the whole sover-
eignty.
Entertaining this opinion, when the Texas ques-
tion was before the House, he had ventured to sug
