344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
§ est to the Secretary of State that Texas could not
e annexed by the treaty-making power, and that
it mast be done by legislation. It had appeared
that this was the opinion of the President, who had
therefore submitted the question to Congress; and
the vote in the Senate in support of Mr. Webster's
call upon the President for information as to the
state of the negotiation, anil the nearly unanimous
vote of this House for a similar call, had showed
that it was the opinion of Congress that they ought
to superintend the negotiation. In his opinion, it
was the duty of Congress to superintend a negotia-
tion where territory was concerned. It was not
competent for the treaty-making power, in his
opinion, to grant away any part of the territory
claimed by the United States up to 54° 40'. That
power did not extend to the ccssion of any land
which was claimed as a part of the territory of the
United States. The word treaty, which occurred in i
the Constitution, did not contemplate territory, but
commercial arrangements, and, possibly, bound-
ary questions. But a treaty to give away half of
the territory of Oregon would not be valid without
the sanction of this House; and, a mxdto fortiori,
the President had not the power to submit terrilo 1
rial rights to arbitration. The President had no i
right to refer a question concerning territory to any !
sovereign or subjcct. The President might ncgo- i
tiate, but ho could not act without the sanction of |
a large portion of the Senate on any question,nor i
in regard to territorial questions, without the sane- j
tion of the sovereignty. The Secretary of State ]
might therefore have said, in his reply to Mr. Pa- j
kenham's proposition, that it was not in the power j
of the President to concede what he desired. j
When the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. King,] i
this morning read some passages from Vattel, in ,
favor of the arbitration of territorial questions, it |
occurred to him (Mr. I.) that this treatise was writ- i;
ten by a native of Switzerland, and was written in ■ I
England; and that in speaking of iho subject ofar- i|
bitration the writer had reference to his own coun-
try; for arbitration might be a very convenient
mode of settling a dispute in regard to some small
tracts in Switzerland; but in a constitutional, as
well as in a physical view of the subject, a resort
to arbitration m such a case was unsuitable for tins
country; it was unworthy of any cu unity which
could take care of itself. Neither the power nor
the policy of this country would justify smh a
coarse. It had been urged in the course of the
debate, that in the case of the Maine boundary
question, arbitration was resorted to by this Gov-
ernment, but that was a mistake. The question
submitted to the King of Holland was a question
of construction, not of territory, and this Govern-
ment lefused to abide by the award. This power,
in fact, was never exercised by any President.
Here, Mr. I. begged leave to say, with perfect re-
spect for the gentleman who represented that part
of Massachusetts in which Boston was situated,
that there was a remarkable resemblance between
the "civilians and jurists, "and other phrases which
occurred in Mr. Pakenham's letter of the 3 6th Jan-
uary, and the same phrases m the speech of that j
honorable member delivered ten days before. He
(Mr. I.) meant no harm when he suggested that;1
the British Minister might have been indebted tj
to the honorable gentleman for his opinions and
views.
He would now speak of the subject in regard to |
its aspect towards our foreign relations. It was to j;
be remarked, that in nil free States—and most of ij
all in this—there were other powers than the Gov- jj
ernment itself. This had been remarked in regard j:
to this country by De Tocqueville, the best of the !;
foreign writers on the subject of our institutions. j.
Our own sovereignty consisted of associated mdi- ;|
viduals, of minor governments—impenabi tinperio "
—of States, corporations, and parties. It was vam
to dispute that party had great influence upon pub-
lic affairs in this country; and it was true, no duubt,
that party had been influential in bringing about
the present state of things. In all representative
governments there were parties—parties which had
a powerful influence. In England, Sir Robert Peel
was at the head of one party, and Lord John Rus-
sell of another; and in France, parties also existed.
When the gentleman from Georgia spoke of the
party influence brought to bear on this subject by
the Baltimore convention, he said what was partly
true. Our chief magistracy was created by party,
and therefore the assertion of our indisputable title
to Oregon was dictated by party. But there were
two conventions at Baltimore, and one of them
nominated Mr. Clay for the Presidency. If Mr.
Clay had succeeded in the election, he would prob-
ably have been forced by public sentiment to put
in the same claim for Oregon, and in doing so, he
would have actcd consistently with his former
course; for he .would show, under the hand-wri-
ting of Mr. Clay, instructions given to Mr. Galla-
tin, claiming the whole territory long ago. There
must always be parties in a free country. He did
not refer to domestic and local factions, but he
meant to say that the influence of party resulted
from the establishment of popular institutions.
He had been much edified by the discussion
which had taken place here on this subject, and
he concurred with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adam?,] that every argument had been
presented in regard to it, and he did not intend to
repeat the views which had already been taken.
He meant no offence or party crimination when lie
said that the present aspect of the Oregon question
resulted entirely from the gross mismanagement of
the party to which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Win'tiibop] wasattached. But he would
state facts, which for years had been undisputed,
which would show that this was true. The posture
of the piesent Administration would hardly be in-
telligible, and could much less be vindicated, with-
out recurrence to party influence, and to the rela-
tion of parties towards Great Britain. Tiie Oregon
controversy, as it now existed, was the fruit of the
false policy of the Whig party: and if war should
result from it, it would not be produced by Mr.
Polk, hut it would be inherited from Mr. Webster,
j In the first place, the Canadian revolution and con-
j troversy took place under the Administration of
: Mr. Van Buren, and he would say no more in re-
I gaid to that matter now, than he had said foimerly
; to Mr. Van Buren's face—though an admirer of
| that gentleman's general policy—that he acted ex-
tremely wrong on that occasion, in not resisting j
the illegal exactions of Great Britain. And he j
viewed that matter as a considerable item among
the causes which led to the overthrow of the party
which had supported Mr. Van Buren, of which he
himself was one. Out of this controversy arose
the arrest of Alexander McLeod. What he in-
tended to state now consisted of facts not yet gen-
erally known, but which would soon be made
known, for they were in progress of publication,
and he had received them, in no confidence, from
the best authority. When McLeod was arrested,
General Harrison had just died, and Mr. Tyler
was not yet at home as his successor. Air. Web-
ster—who was tk facto the Administration—Mr.
Webster wrote to the Governor of New York, with
his own hand, a letter, and sent it by express,
marked " private," in which the Governor was told
that he must release McLeod, or see the magnifi-
cent commercial emporium laid in ashes. The bril-
liant description given by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia of the prospective destruction of that city in
the case of war was, in a measure, anticipated on
this occasion. McLeod must be released, said the
Secretary of State, or New York must be laid in
ashes. The Governor asked when this would be
done? The reply vrns jorlhwilh. Do you not see
coming on the waves of the sea the Paixhan guns ?
and if McLeod be not released, New York will be
destroyed. But, said the Governor, the power of
pardon is vested in me, and even if he be convicted,
he may be pardoned. Oh no, said the Secretary,
if you even try him you will bring destruction upon
yonrsel ves. The Governor was not entirely driven
from his course by this representation. The next
step taken by the Administration was to appoint a
district attorney who was to be charged with the
defence of Alexander McLeod—the gentleman who
was lately removed from ofnee—and a fee of live
thousand dollars was put into his hands for this
purpose. Application was afterwards made to the
Chief Justice of the State of New York—who was
now sitting as a justice in a neighboring hall [Jus-
tice Kelson J—for the release of McLeod. The
judge^did not think proper to grant the application.
The marshal was about to let him go, when he was
told that he must do it at his peril, and that if Mc-
Leod went out of prison, he should go in. Some
here would recollect that Lord Ashburton arrived I
in this country soon after, and was charged with j
the adjustment of all the difficulties pending be- ]
twecn the two countries. He would not now dwell ,
upon what he would unhesitatingly call the enor- !
initios of the Washington treaty. He had often !
expressed his mind upon that subject here. But
that treaty was now a law—the supreme law of the
land—and the matter was settled# He would re-
mark, however, that by that treaty we gave up the
right of search, we gave up the power of extra-
dition, in consequence of which a poor woman was
not long ago dragged across the Atlantic from this
country to answer for some charge made against
her there. We gave up the northeastern boundary
after Mr. Buchanan had, under a resolution of the.
Senate, drawn an unanswerable argument, which
concluded by the assertion of the validity of our
title in the disputed territory, and after the Senate
had unanimously adopted that conclusion. By this
treaty, the good old Bay State, which he loved with
filial reverencc, was disintegrated, torn asunder..
And even this was not all; for the British minister
who negotiated that treaty, stated on the floor of
the House of Commons that England had no right
whatever to the territory thus taken from us. Lord
Brougham also stated that the British claim had not
a single leg to stand upon, and "that a certain map
marked, which was in possession of George III,
and which was marked by his Majesty's own hand r
showed conclusively that the disputed territory did
not belong to Great Britain; and he further stated
that this map had disappeared from the public
archives.
These pretensions and taunts of the British Govj-
ernment had so much exasperated the people of
this country, that they were determined to submit
to them no longer; it was thus that the Oregon"
question became connected with the proceedings of
the Baltimore convention.
Mr. I. adverted to a statutory enactment which
was the result of that treaty—a good law, perhaps,
in some respects, which took away from the Stales
their criminal jurisdiction in such cases as Mc- -
Leod. But in reference to its object, it was a piti-
ful, and, as one gentleman had pronounced it, a
damnable law. The two Houses of Congress
seemed to vie with each other in regard to this
matter in the exhibition of fidelity to Lord Ash-
burton; and the bill which was Drought forward
while Lord Ashburton was here became a law.
One word more upon this subject. He would call
upon the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] who had preceded -him as chairman
of the Committee on Foreign AfJairs, to sustain
him in some statements which he was about to
make. Though Lord Ashburton came here with
full power to adjust the Oregon question, yet U
was adjourned. It was a gross absurdity thus to
separate the northeastern from the northwestern
boundary question. They should have been kept
indivisible. The giving up of one would render
more difficult the settlement of the other. He
would call upon those gentlemen here who were
acquainted with the facts, to say whether he was
right or not in regard to what he would now state,
Mr. Webster sent a note to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, asking an outfit and salary for a
special minister to England, to settle the Oregon
question. The committee rejected the application.
These were facts which no one would dispute, and
he did not state them from any hostility to that
gentleman, whose abilities he had always greatly
admired, but with whom he had never agreed po-
litically from the time when he first met him in
public life thirly-diree years ago.
He would call to the recollection of those who
read the newspapers Mr. Webster's Baltimore
speech, made at the public dinner there given to
him, in which he strongly recommended a com-
mercial treaty with England, and brought forward
the policy of a free trade as a fair equivalent for
Oregon.
Then came Mr. Pakenharn as Minister of
Great Britain to the United States. Pie came not-
to settle the Oregon question; but, after having
been fifteen years in Mexico, he was sent here tor
look after the Texas and Mexican questions.
Here commenced some difficulties in the party to
which he (Mr. I.) belonged. The Texan question'
was a great aggravation of the difficulties with-
that party, and they were in this House almost in
a minority upon the Texan question; andf> if he
must confess a secret, they were in a minority on
the Oregon question in this Congress. That .ques-
tion greatly embarrassed the party, and the re-
sult was extremely doubtful when the vote- was
taken. But the annexation of Texas was car-
ried, and thai added to their difficulties. _ When
Mr. Pakenham came here, he had in viow thai
