350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
JOINT RESOLUTION of notice to Great Britain
to " annul and abrogate "the convention between
Great Britain and the United States, of the sixth
of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven,
relative to the country " on the northwest coast
of America, westward of the Stony mountains,"
commonly called Oregon.
Resolved by the Senate and House, of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States
cause notice to be given to the Government of Great
Britain, that the convention between the United
States of America and Great Britain, concerning
the territory on the northwest coast of America
west of the Stony or Rocky mountains, of the sixth
day of August eighteen hundred and twenty-seven,
.signed at London, shall be annulled and abrogated
twelve months after giving said notice.
Resolved, That nothing herein contained is in-
tended to interfere with the right and discretion of
the proper authorities of the two contracting par- j
ties to renew or pursue negotiations for an arnica- !
ble settlement of the controversy respecting the ;
Oregon territory. j
Mr. BOWLIN moved a reconsideration of the ]
vote, and demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was '
ordered, and, being taken, the vote was not recon- j
sidercd. And the House ad-journcd. ]
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 10,1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass- j1
ed a joint resolution of notice to Great Britain to i|
annul and abrogate the convention concluded on !j
tiie 6th day of August, 1827, relative to the ooun- j|
try on the northwest coast of America, west of the
Stony mountains, commonly known as the terri-
tory of Oregon, in which the concurrence of the I,
Senate was requested. j|
Also, announcing that the Speaker of the House i|
had signed an enrolled bill, to which the Vice Pros- lt
ident also was requested to affix his signature. j:
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted a series of resolutions j
adopted by the Legislature of the State of Missis- 1
sippi, in relation to the Oregon territory, declaring !I
the approval by that body of the course pursued ,|
by the Executive in relation to the Oregon tern- «:
tory: pledging to the General Government the sup- ;i
port of that State m maintaining the rights of the
United States to said territory; and declaring their !;
assent to the principle of non-interference on the ,
part of any foreign nation in the alfairs of the j|
American continent. i'
In submitting the resolutions, Mr. S. remarked j
that they were declaratory only of the views of!,
that body from which they emanated, and con- '!
tained no instructions to himself or his colleague, ;
[Mr. Chalmers.] This he considered as a high j|
compliment, that while the Legislature of Ins State j!
had acted upon the subject, they had left their Sen- |:
ators to act independently thereon. Mr. S. was a ''
believer in the ris'ht of instruction; and repeated
his gratification that, on this important question, he
and his colleague were left free to act according to
their discretion. He would, however, endeavor to
carry out the will of his constituency. He re-
quested that the resolutions should be read, and
ordered to be printed; and it was so ordered.
Mr. CHALMERS concurred entirely in the
views which had been expressed by his colleague, .
and stated his readiness to yield to the right of in-
struction. Considering that war was second only
to national dishonor, so long as he held a seat
here, he would do nothing which he thought had
a tcndcncy to promote the one while it could be
avoided without tarnishing the other.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted certain resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of the. State of New
York, opposing any reduction of the present rates
of postage; which were laid on the table, and or- |
dered to "be printed.
The bill concerning collectors and other officers ;
of the customs, brought from the House this morn- j
mg for the signature of the Vice President, having ,
been reported duly enrolled by the Committee on ;
Enrolled Bills, the Vice President affixed his '
signature thereto.
Mr. DIX presented two petitions from citizens
of Cayuga county, Now York, praying the abro-
gation of certain treaties made with the Seneca In-
dians; which were referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of several
citizens holding certificates of claims under the
Mexican indemnity, asking that their claims may
be settled; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Orazio De Attellis Santangelo, praying the pay-
ment of the claims of citizens of the United States
to indemnities for spoliations committed on their
property by the government of Mexico.
Mr. D. said that, after due consideration, and
conference with various Senators, he had concluded
to extend to this memorialist the right of petition,
although he did not hold himself responsible for
the views or justice of the claims set forth in the
memorial.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. PENNYBACKERpesented additional doc-
uments m relation to the petition of Roddy Carter;
which were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented the petition of
Phebe Pack, widow of a deceased revolutionary
soldier, asking a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on tensions.
Mr. ASHLEY presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from El Dorado to Warren, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ARCHER submitted a petition of citizens
of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, praying an
amendment of the naturalization laws, so as to
make twenty-one yeuis' residence the pricc of
American suffrage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
iVIr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Samuel Grice, asking to be compensated for a
lighter taken from him, and appropriated to the
use of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of the heir-
at-law of William Shippen, deceased, praying the
payment of un outstanding final settlement certifi-
cate, issued under authoiity of the Continental
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. RREESE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained lca^e to introduce "A bill declaring
the assent of Congress to allow the State of Illi-
nois to impose a tax upon all lands'hereafter sold
by the United States in that State, from and after
the time of such sale; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce "A
bill to provide for the confirmation of certain set-
tlement claims in the St. Helena land district,
Louisiana; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire what further legislation, if
any, is required to prevent the crime of counter-
feiting the legal coin of the United States, or utter-
ing, passing, or having in possession, such coun-
terfeit coins.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
llebolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if not
| incompatible, in his opinion, with the public in-
terest, a copy of the communication dated 17th
| October, 1845, from the agent of the United States
j at Mexico, relative to the payment of the fourth
'and fifth instalments of the Mexican indemnity,
which is referred to in his last annual Message as
having been received at the Department of State
on the 9th November last; and also all information
in his possession relative to said instalments, and
to the payment of the indemnity not communicated
with his message to the Senate of the 3d of Feb-
ruary, 1845, or received since that time; and also,
all proceedings of the State and Trcasuiy Depart-
ments in relation to the collection and payment of
said indemnity, not heretofore communicated.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that 50,000 copies of
the recent message of the President of the United
States, transmitting certain diplomatic correspond-
ence in relation to the Oregon territory, delivered
to the Senate yesterday, be printed for the use of
the Senate; which motion.lles over.
The joint resolution of notice to Great Britain
for the abrogation of the convention for joint oc-.
cupation of Oregon, received from the House this
morning, was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. MAN GUM, the vote taken
yesterday upon concurring in the adverse report
upon the petition of Joseph Radcliff, was recon-
sidered, and the said report was laid upon the
table.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported back the bill to authorize the Presi-
dent to increase the naval establishment of the Uni-
ted States, by adding thereto the naval establish-
ment of the late republic of Texas, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, to whom the subject was re-
ferred, reported a bill for the relief of Nathaniel
Kykendall; which was read, the report was order-
ed to be printed, and the bill passed to a second
reading.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Henry Nor-
thrup, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill for the relief of Pierre Menard and others, of
the State of Illinois, sureties of Felix St. Vrain,
late Indian agent, deceased; which was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. CASS moved that the previous orders be
postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the spe-
cial order, the consideration of the joint resolution
advising the President of the United States to give
the notice of the abrogation of the convention of
August 6th, 1827.
Mr. J. JVI. CLAYTON expressed the hope that
the Senate would conclude their action upon the
bill for the augmentation of the naval force of the
United States, before entering upon the discussion
of the special order.
Mr. CASS remarked that the special order of
the day should, in his opinion, be first acted upon,
as the fate of the naval bill depended much upon
it; and as this was the day assigned for it, he could
see no objection to taking it up.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON again observed that he
did not desire to postpone the consideration of the
Oregon question; but he hoped that the Senator
[Mr. Cass] would postpone his motion for the
present, and in the course of the day the proposed
subject could be taken up.
A division being called for on the question "Shall
the previous order be postponed, in order to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order of
the day?" resulted, ayes 23, noes 22. So the
previous orders were postponed.
The PRESIDENT announced the following
several series of resolutions before the Senate for
debate, to wit:
JOINT RESOLUTION advising the President of the Uni-
ted States to give notice to the Government of Great
Britain that the Government of the United States will, in
vhtue of the second article of the convention of the sixth
of .August, anno Domini eighteen hundred and twenty-
seven, between the two Governments, relative to the
Oicgon territory, annul and abrogate that convention.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States he, and he is hereby,
advised to give, forthwith, notice to the Government of
Great Britain that the Government of the United State's
will, in viitue of the second article of the convention of the
sixth of August, anno Domini eighteen hundied and twen-
ty-seven, between the United States and Great Britain, rel-
ative to the Oregon ten i tory, and after the expiration of
twelve months fiom the day on winch such notice shall
have been received by the Government of Great'Britain,
annul and abrogate that convention.
Also, the following amendment, reported Jan-
uary 8, 1846, by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions: Strike out all after joint resolution, and
insert the following:
To annul and abrogate the convention of the sixth day of
Auyust, enrhteetrinmdred and twenty-seven, between the
United States of America and Great Britain, relative to
the conutiy westward of the Stony or Ilocky mountains.
Resohed by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Spates of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That,
in virtue of the second article of the convention of the sixth
of August, eighteen hundred and twenty seven, between
, the United States of America and Great Britain, relative to
1 the country westward of the Stony or Bocky mountains,
