THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, Ist'Session.
MONDAY FEBRUARY 16, 1846.
Mary Buck; which reports were laid upon the
table.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, *
Ordered, That the Committee'on Patents be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
AlVan C. Goel, and that the same be "referred to a
select committee of five members.
Mr. SEAMAN', from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of Thomas P. Franklin, Nathaniel Bird,
Lawrence Vandyke, and other heirs of J. Van
Valkenberg; wiiich reports were laid upon the
.table.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which the subject was referred
by resolution of the House on the 19th of Decem-
ber last, reported a bill to authorize the relinquish-
ment of the 16th sections in certain cases, and the
selection of other lands in lieu thereof; which bill
was read twiae and committed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to authorize soldiers in
the last war to whom had been allotted bounty
land unfit for cultivation, to surrender the same
and relocate the same quantity, accompanied by a
report in writing; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tions of .Tohn Newton, John Gilleylen, and heirs
of William Arnold, and that the petitions be laid
upon the table.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of the heirs of John Bowen, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to which was referred the pe-
tition of Charles G. Ridgely, reported a bill direct-
ing the mode of settling the claims of Charles G.
Ridgely; which bill was read twice, and commit-
ted.
Mr. McHENRY, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to which the subject had
been referred, reported a bill to enlarge the powers
of the several orphans' courts held in and for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. McH. briefly explained the provisions of
the bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the reading of the
second seetion; which having been read,
Mr. G. moved the following amendment:
Provided, That nothing contained in this or any
other act of Congress shall be so construed as to
give any executor, or administrator, or court, au-
thority to regard or cohsider any persons or slaves
as property.
Mr. G. said be had offered this amendment in
the utmost good faith; and though the bill had
come up at a time when he was totally unprepared,
he desired to make one solemn appeal to the mem-
bers of the House, and if he could obtain their
attention, he would endeavor to make himself un-
derstood. He was aware that this question had
heretofore excited much ill-feeling in the breasts of
members. It was no part of his intention to ad-
dress himself to any other than the feelings of hu-
manity and sincerity.
The question now was, (and it was one that
came home on his amendment,) whether the mem-
bers of the House, in this age, in the year 1846,
would legislate here, in this Hall, for the oppres-
sion and deprivation of their fellow-man of his
God-given and inalienable rights? And he rejoiced
in the present opportunity to set himself right be-
fore the members, and the House, find the coun-
try, as to what might have been a misunderstand-
ing of his course.
The proviso which he had offered did not affect
rights in this District. No. He lejoiced that, on
this occasion, he might say that he was rectus in
curia on this point. The amendment provided
that nothing contained in this or any other act
23
should be so construed as to make persons proper-
ty. Let not any man represent him as saying that
he wished to interfere between master and slave in
this District. He had borne that imputation too
long. The slander had too long been heaped upon
him, and a large portion of the freemen of the
North.
Mr, McHENRY rose to a question of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS, under direction from the Chair,
took his seat.
Mr. McHENRY said his point of order was,
that the amendment was inconsistent with the pro-
visions of the bill, inasmuch as it undertook to say
what should or should not be propei ty.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment was
irregular, and not in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS, with all due rcspect, appealed
from the decision.
The SPEAKER stated the grounds of his de-
cision.
Mr. GIDDINGS contended that his amendment
was perfectly legitimate and germane to a bill
which spoke of property; that it was competent to
say what was regarded as property; and that it did
not mean persons.
Mr. BRODIiEAD Inoved that the appeal be
laid on the table.
Mr. ASHMUN read an extract from the Man-
ual, with a view to show that the question of the
inconsistency of a proposition was not a question
which the Speaker was competent to decide.
The SPEAKER said that point could not now
be discussed, inasmuch as there was a motion
pending to lay the appeal on the table.
And the question having been taken, the appeal
was laid on the table.
The question then lecurred 011 the engrossment
of the bill for a third reading.
And that question having been decided in the af-
firmative, the bill was (by general consent) read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. RATHBUiN asked leave to present certain
joint resolutions of the Legislature of New York, i
the purport of which was not stated.
Objection was made.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the resolutions of
the Legisiatuieof the State of Massachusetts, con-
cerning the naturalization laws, made a report
thereon, concluding with the following resolution:
That no alteration of the naturalization laws is
necessary for the preservation ol' the rights, inter-
ests, and morals of the people, or from the guard-
ing of the ballot-box against every improper influ-
ence.
Ordered, That said report be committed.
Mr. It. moved the printing of 6,000 extra copies.
[Motion laid over.]
A mes&age in writing was icccivcd from the
President of the Unittd States, by the hands of J.
IC. Walker, esq., his private secretary.
Mr. JOSEPli R- LVGERvSOLL said themes-
sage seemed to be short, and might be important.
He suggested, therefore, that, by general consent,
it should be read.
So the message was read.
It transmitted the annual report of the Director of
the Mint at Philadelphia. [Laughter.]
On motion of Mr. McKAY", the report was laid
on the tabie, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. T. B. KING asked to intioduce a joint res-
olution conccrmng the case of the late John Haber-
sham.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRlNKERHOFF asked leave to offer the
following resolution which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to the House, at the earliest
practicable period, the result of the examination of
the principal harbors on Lake Erie by the officers
of the Topographical Bureau; and also that he like-
wise report therewith a statement of the officers or
head of that bureau, touching the comparative ad-
vantages and disadvantages of the several points
on that lake for the establishment of a naval
depot.
Objection was made.
New Series....No. 23.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said he did not often
trouble the house. He hoped that the objection
would be withdrawn.
Mr. W. HUNT suggested to Mr. B. so to mod-
ify the resolution as to include Lake Ontario.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that all the
lakes should be included. /
Mr. BRIN KERHOFF said he would not object
to the modification.
But the objection to the introduction of the reso-
lution having been persisted in, it was not received.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of entertaining a motion to
print an extra number of the report in relation to
the Mint.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. LEVIN, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill relative to tonnage
duties, &c., on canal boats, reported an amendatory
bill, and ame'nded the title so as to read 44 A bill
licensing canal boats.''
^ Mr. GRINNELL said a few words in opposi-
tion to the bill as one of a dangerous chaiacter,
and as affording the means of great frauds upon
the revenue.
Mr. BRODHEAD replied to the objections, and
insisted that the bill had been so amended that it
could not reach the revenue, nor, therefoie, dimin-
ish it.
Mr. GORDON remarked that the provisions of
the bill were not well understood, nor what would
be their effect if adopted.
On his motion, the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN, on leave given, presented
the following communication; which was read, and
ordered to be entered at length on the Journal:
" Augustus C. Dodge, delegate from the Ter-
4 ntory of Iowa, and M. L. Martin, delegate from
4 the Territory of Wisconsin, not having a right
4 to record their suffrages on the Journal of the
' Ilouse on the joint resolution of notice to Great
1 Britain, passed on the 9th instant, and being pen-
4 etrated with a firm conviction of the propriety of
1 the measure, ask the indulgence of the House to
'express their own and the sense of their con-
' stituents, thfe people of the said Territories of
4 Iowa and Wisconsin, in support of the said res-
4 olution of notice, and of the honorable and dig-
4 nified attitude which the Government of their
6 country has assumed in vindication of its rights
' to the Oregon territory, and against the arrogant
4 pietensions of the British Government.'5
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Brodhead of Pennsylvania in
the chair;)
And, on motion of Mr. McK., the committee
took up the bill making appropiidtions for certain
fortifications of the United States.
The reading of the bill through was, on the sug-
gestion of Mr. McKay, dispensed with, and it
was read by sections.
Mr. McKAY, in explanation of the bill, said it
was the annual appropriation bill for fortifications.
It provided simply for old works—for the repair or
completion o f works now in the progress of construc-
tion. There were no new works provided for: any
appropriations for commencing new works would
emanate from the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for that purpose was now on their tabie.
The aggregate amount appropriated by this bill
was about a million of dollars—something like the
average amount of appropriations for fortifications
for a number of years. By the bill of the last
session, $800,000 were appropriated; at the pre-
ceding session, in consequence of the state of the
public treasury, $500,000. Some years before,
the amount had been much larger.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired if there was any forti-
fication ever yet undertaken by this Government
which had been completed ?
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL named several that
were completed.
Mr. McKAY said a number had been completed.
