1846:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
Mr. W. said that there was npw direct commu-
nication from Chicago to Montreal and Cluebec,
and soon would be to Liverpool and all the world.
Indeed, beef is now packed at Chicago for the
British market direct. And yet members call these
lake harbors internal improvements!
^ Mr. W. defended the Hudson and Mississippi
river improvements as absolutely necessary in giv-
ing the great West a choice of the New Orleans
and New York markets, and continued a long while
in urging the claims of the West to further appro-
priations, and in contrasting the amount it had re-
ceived with that of the South and East. But, for
all this, he made no war on any southern or east-
ern appropriation* which he deemed right of itself.
He at length closed, by stating that he hoped that
the present bill would pass, and that it would be
the very last that would be allowed to take prece-
dence of the river and harbor bill. It certainly
would be the last with his consent.
Mr. FICKLIN moved an amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
"For the Cumberland road, in the State of Ohio,
4 fifty thousand dollars; in the State of Indiana,
* one hundred thousand dollars; and in the State
< of Illinois, one hundred thousand dollars; to be
< paid out of any money in the treasury not other-
* wise appropriated."
A question of order being raised against the
amendment,
The CHAIR ruled it out of order, as proposing
to imbody in this an appropriation contained in an-
other bill, and for another class of works.
Mr. WENT WORTH expressed the hope that
if the present chairman [Mr. Brodixead] should
be chairman when the harbor and river bill came
. up, he would make the same decision, as one har-
bor bill had already been vetoed in consequence
The amendment of Mr. McKay was then
adopted.
Mr. S. ADAMS wished, before disposing of the
bill, that the vote should be taken ou each of the
appropriations separately; but after some conver-
sation, waived the request for the present.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill was then
laid aside to be reported to the House.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill making ap-
propriations "for the payment of revolutionary
and other pensioners of the United States for the
year ending 30th June, 1847," was taken up; and
having been read by the Clerk,
Mr. McKAY explained that the bill simply pro-
vided for the payment of pensions now granted
under existing laws. It appropriated between six-
teen and seventeen hundred thousand dollars, and
there were some two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars appropriated by another bill, making about
two millions for pensions, in addition to the in-
definite appropriations under the acts of 1828 and
1832.
Mr McK. pointed out as a defect in the existing
pension laws, to which he hoped the Commit-
tee on Pensions would dircct their attention, the
provisions of the law of 183*2, by which pensions
allowed under it took effect from the 4th of March,
1831. There were numerous claims for pensions
presented, which, if passed upon favorably, went
back to that date; so that a small pension—say
eighty dollars a year—amounted to a very consid-
erable sum for the arrearages, and held out great
temptation to the commission of perjury. He
thought that some amendment should be made in
tlxe law.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the following amend-
ment:
6t Be it further enacted, That the act of Congress
passed July seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, entitled " An act granting half-pay and pen-
sions to widows," and the several acts and resolu-
tions amendatory or explanatory thereof be, and
the same are hereby, amended, so that any widow
who shall have been married previous to the first
day of January, in the year one thousand eight
hundred, shall be entitled to and shall receive such
annuity or pension as, by the provision of said
acts and resolutions hereby amended, she would
now be entitled to receive had she been married
prior to the first day of January, in the year one
thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
pensions granted by this act, and by the acts and
resolutions hereby amended, shall be continued
during the life of such widow, subject in a IT re-
spects (except as is herein otherwise provided) to
the rules, limitations, and conditions in and by
said acts and resolutions made and provided.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons who shall become widows after the passage
of this act, or who shall "be by its provisions en-
titled-to an annuity or pension, tne same shall
commence from and after the death of her or their
said husbands, and not before: Provided, Nothing
herein contained shall operate to the prejudice of
any person who is now entitled to a pension or
pensions, and whose application therefor is on file
in the pension office, under any act or acts or res-
olutions hereby amended.
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no wi-
dow claiming a pension whose husband's name
was borne upon the pension roll at the time of his
decease, shall be required, in any such case, to
furnish any further evidence that said husband was
entitled to a pension; nor shall any evidence in any
case be required to entitle a widow to a pension,
when the evidence is in the archives or possession
of the Government: Provided, That in all cases
where, by any law of the United States, the widow
of any officer or soldier of the Revolution may be
entitled, as such, to a pension, no other or further
proof of her marriage shall be required than rea-
sonable evidence of reputation of such marriage
with the deceased officer or soldier: And provided
further, That all widows of revolutionary officers
and soldiers who have already been placed on the
pension roll shall be entitled to the provisions of
this act without being compelled to make any new
application to the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. McKAY raised the objection to the amend-
ment that it was out of order.
Mr. B.THOMPSON" concurred in the objection,
and founded it on the 81st rule of the House, which
prescribes that
" No appropriation shall be reported in such
s general appropriation bills, or be in order as an
' amendment thereto, for any expenditure not pre-
' viously authorized by law, unless in continuation
' of appropriations for such public works and ob-
' jects as are already in progress, and for the con-
1 tingencics for carrying on the several depart-
< ments of the Cfoverment."
He also objected to it as irrelevant to the imme-
diate object of the bill, and as tending to throw, if
the principle were admitted, the whole system of
pensions into the appropriation bills.
An animated conversation took place upon the
point of order, in which Messrs. THOMPSON,
TIBBATTS, and G. DAVIS participated.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the objection, and
ruled the amendment out of oidcr.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The appeal was briefly discussed by Messrs.
HAMLIN, HOPKINS, TIBBATTS, McDOW-
ELL, FARAN, RHETT, SCHENCK, GAR-
RETT DAVIS, and McKAY.
And pending the question on the appeal,
On motion of Mr. C. B.SMITH, tiie committee
rose, and the chairman reported its action to the
House.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The amendment having been concurred in, this (
bill was ordered to a third reading at this time.
And having been read a third time, and the
question being, " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And thequestion having been taken,the bill was
passed. Whereupon, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
' By Mr. CATHCART; The petition of A. Wilcox and fi5
citizens of Kosciusko county, Indiana, praying Congress to
make a lailroad to Oregon.
j>y xVXr. LUMPKIN: The petition of aiespectable num-
ber of citizens of De Kalb county, Georgia, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail-route from Stone Mountain Depot, on
tiie Georgia lailroad/via Lawrencevihe and Gainesville, to
ClarksviUe, in Habersham county, Georgia: referred to the
Committee on th^ Post Ollice and Post Roads.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of the heirs of Captain
Nehemiah Stokeiy, for commutation pay; leferrcd to the
Committee on Revolutions y Claims.
Ry Mr. TJIOMAS SMITH The papers in relation to the
claim of LydiaLockwood, for a pension, (which papers were
withdrawn from the Pension Office;) referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of Julius Eldred
& Sons, praying remuneration foi services, and the reim-
bursement of expenses, in removing the copper lock from
Lake Superior to Washington city. Also, the petition of
Felicite MeKosky,for anew warrant for land in lieu of lost
laud w an ant No. 1628. for 300 acres of land.
By Mr. BIGGS : The petition of Abraham Twine and 44
others, citizens of Currituck county, North Carolina. Also,
the petition of Joseph. Haisey and 55 others, citizens of Tyr-
rell county, North Carolina, praying an appropriation to re-
open Roanoke inlet, at Nag's head: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Also, the petition of Spencer Daniel
and 44 others, citizens of Cuirituck county, North Caroli-
na, praying the establishment of a post-route from Powell's
Point or Elizabeth City, to Roanoke island and Nag's "head:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. WENTWOXtTlI: The petition of the citizens of
Illinois, assembled in convention at Rockford, Illinois, for
a marine hospital and naval depot at Chicago, and a ship
canal to connect Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. Also, the petition
of George N. Lawrence and other citizens of Kane county,
Illinois, for the abolition of capital punishment: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. A!r-o, the petition of Mary
Stanton, for a pennon: iefened to the Committee on Revo-
lutiouaiy Pensions.
-Hy Mr. PERRY: The memorial of sundry citizens of Ma-
ryland, praying for the adjustment and payment of the awards
and certificates of the Mexican indemnity.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Robert Ellis, of the coun-
ty of Campbell, State of Tennessee, praying Congress to grant
him a pension for disabilities incurred as a soldier in the war
of the Revolution.
By Mr. BRINKERHOEF: The memorial of 48 citizens of
New Haven, Huron county, Ohio, praying the establishment
of a naval depot at Sandusky City, on Lake'Erie: re/erred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
"By Mr. BED1NGER: The petition of Jacob Spade: refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pension*.
By Mr. DELANO: The memonal of 107 voters and citi-
zens of Ohio, piaying Congress for ail appi epilation for the
coii>-ttuction of a who su^pension'hridge acioas the eastern
branch of the Ohio river, at Wheeling.
By Mr. HAMPTON: The petition and papers of J. Speak-
man, asking tor indemnity tor loss sustained by liim in a
contract with the War Department: referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
By Mr. McfLVAlNE: The petition of Craig, Bellas,. &
Co., and *17 other commeicml firms and citizens of Philadel-
phia, praying tliat the hg'nt-honse upon Biandywme bhoals
mav be completed.
By Mr. JAVIES II. JOHNSON: The petition of James
S. Ilovt and 57 other citizens of Newport, Sullivan county,
New Hampshire, for a congress of nations to settle national
disputes : lefeired to the Committee on Foieign Aflans.
By Mr. ABBOTT. The petition of Enoch Pondcro and
00f> others, citizens of Geoigctown. in the State of Massa-
chusetts praying that a eongiessof nations may be insti-
tuted for tiie settlement of national disputes.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of Joseph Dun-
can, of Monroe county, Michigan, foi a pension. Also, the
petition of George Cornelius luid otbeis, citizens of Ann
Aibor, in the State of Michigan, lot the repeal of the third
and fourth sections of the act of 1793, conccrning fugitives
from ju-tice, and persons escaping frohi the service of their
masters.
By Mr. JAMES THOMPSON: The resolutions of the
Pennsylvania Legislature for the improvement of the Alle-
ghany, Ohio, and Mississippi rivers by the National Gov-
ernment, fioni Olean on the Alleghany river, the highest
port of entry in the latter,.to the Gulf of Mexico; and also
recommending a modification of the oneious toils on the
canal ai ound the Falls of the Ohio: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
By Mr. N1 YEN: The petition of Jonathan Brown, of Sul-
livan county, Now Yoik, praying for a pension for services
rendeied during the war of the Revolution*, referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Ai->o, the petition
of Susan Belknap, widow of Gen. Isaac Belknap, of Orange
't countv. New York, piavmg for a pension: referred to the
! Committee on Revolutionary Pens-tons.
By Mr. LEWIS: The petition of Captains Vane and Mc-
AuSey, for the completion of Cattaraugus harbor: referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. MeCLERNAND: The petition of numerous citi-
zens of Jcfieison eountv, Illinois pi <u nig Congress to ostcib-
!v*h an armory and fiundiy at Fort Massac, on the Ohio
river, sn the State of lilim-i*.
By Mr. DODGE: The memorial from the Legislative As-
sembly of the Tenitorv Oi Iowa, piaying the passage of a
law to submit the question of disputed boundary between
that Teuitoiy and the State of Missouri, to the Supreme
Couitof'rlie United States; referred to the Committee on
Territories. Also, the memorial from the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory ot Iowa, asking an appropnation for the
construction of a public wharf at the town of Keokuk; re-
ferred to tiie Committee on Commerce. Also, the memo-
rial from the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Iowa,
asking an appropnation sufficient to pay a competent engi-
neer to make a smVey of the Des Moines livei, and to de-
signate the proper places for dams with a view to the slack
wat^r navigation of that river; referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals. Also, the memorial from the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Iowa, praying an appro-
priation to improve the Agency road, so called: referred to
the Committee on Roads arid Canals.
By Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN: The petition of Zachariah
"Walker, for compensation for services rendered in saving
the records in the Capitol at the time of its conflagration
in 1814.
By Mr. A. JOHNSON: The memorial of Captain David
Rogeis, of Hawkins county, Tennessee, asking compensa-
tion lor services rendered the United Stales in the year
1836; which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
By Mr. TRUMBO • Thepetition ofGiiflin Kelley, of Clark
county, Kentucky, praying for a pension for wounds rccciv-
ed m the service of the United States in the defence of the
northwestern frontier from the attacks of the Indians,
