1B46.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
postponed, and that the Senate resume the consid-
eration of the special order of yesterday.
THE NOTICE.
The Senate then proceeded to tlie consideration
of the joint resolution on the subject of notifying
Great Britain of the termination of the convention
providing for the joint occupancy of the Oregon
territory. .
Mr. ALLEN resumed his remarks, with the
assertion that in the assertion of her claims, Great
Britain had not been influenced so much by her
actual right to what she claimed as by her own
imaginary superiority over us in strength. And
this view entered into the arguments of those
among ourselves who were opposed to a proper
vindication of our rights; who maintained that we
ought to surrender them, because we were not in
a condition to resist the power of Great Britain,
and because, owing to her vast superiority, she
would obtain what she claimed at the point of the
sword. We were therefore not only compelled
to receive the tone of our thoughts and feelings
from her, but also her mandates. All this was well
understood in England; and, in all the parliament-
ary speeches, we never heard of any one who as-
serted that she was not able to carry her purposes
through, or that her power was even likely to be
weakened in a contest with our Democracy. No
one there urged timid counsels in order to paralyze
her arm. She tells us that she has rights in Oregon
which she will cause to be respected; and that if we
adopt certain measures she will consider the act as
cause of war. There is no crouching there, by
declarations that she is not prepared. Had it been
with Mexico, instead of Great Britain, that we
had had to deal, we should have given this notice,
and been in possession of the territory fifteen
years ago. He reasserted that England would
not dare to fight. He did not say that she had not
courage to fight. It would be the height of folly
to charge an Englishman with want of courage.
Great Britain would calculate the effect of the
measure on her own interests, and, if she found
they were not likely to be benefited, she would
find a way to evade a contest. She has colonies
which she cannot afford to lose, while our posses-
sions lie contiguous, and are confined to our soil.
And even could she obtain Oregon, she would no)
be able to retain it twenty-five years, before it
would bo reached and occupied by an advancing
population, which is doubling every few years.
The first act of our Government, in case of war,
would be to expel the British power from all her
possessions on this continent. Knowing this, she
will count the cost before she goes into a war.
He then took a view of the extensive possessions
of Great Britain over the world, and the numerous
population subject to her sway, and the difficulties
sheltad to contend with in the government of her
twenty-seven colonies, consisting of almost entirely
a people foreign in their birth and habits. The
power of the British navy, he represented as
comparatively smaller than it was in 1802 and
1803; and then her security from foreign invasion
was attributable solely to the fact of the twenty-
five miles of ocean which lay between her and
France. Before she could assail us, she would
have to cross three thousand miles of the At-
lantic. We hav« less reason, therefore, for
alarm, than she had when she became so af-
frighted as to change her cabinet, and bring back
the war minister, Mr. Pitt, into her councils, and
to call out her laborers from the field and her me-
chanics from the workshops, to protect herself
from the threatened invasion of Napoleon. All
the armed navies she could collect could not sub-
jugate this country.
He then dwelt on the change which had been
effected in naval armaments by the introduction of
steam, which enabled a small navy to compete
more successfully with a greater numerical force
of ships. History taught us that every commer-
cial nation had crumbled into ruins. Carthage
was destroyed by Rome, and her subjugation
was made more rapid by her national discords
caused by her inability to pay her defenders.
Spain had been deprived of all her colonies.
And at this moment, of all the five allied Powers
of Europe, England was the weakest. A single
defeat ensures her fall. What could be effect-
ed by the energies of a whole people, he illus-
trated by a reference to the victories achieved
by the French armies while she was a republic;
and then instituted comparisons for the purpose of
proving that, in point of durability, our institutions
could be exhibited to great advantage in opposition
to the limited monarchy of England. The changes
in her prime ministers were more frequent than
those of our Presidents. Her parliaments nomi-
nally elected for seven years, but whenever popu-
lar clamor required it, they were dissolved by the
Crown. Within the period of forty years, there
had been thirteen parliaments, averaging to each
only three years and one month.
During the wars of the close of the last century,
she was compelled to incur her heavy debt in order
to pay the foreign navies which she subsidized,
taxing her people to the amount of sixty-five mil-
lions of pounds annually for twelve years. And
notwithstanding she has enjoyed thirty years of
peace, this enormous debt still remains unreduced,
and her taxes amount now to fifty-two millions of
pounds per annum—little less than when she had
all the navies of Europe in her pay. She was at
this moment a pauper; for in one year, when her
taxes amounted to fifty-two millions, the total
value of her exports reached only fifty-one mil-
lions. Yet in this condition of weakness and pov-
erty, she was held up to us as a power from which
wc were to turn and run. Our Government is
strong enough for all the purposes of our destiny,
and nothing is required but to expel the delusion
which has been thrown about the public mind as
to the power of Great Britain. All we have to do
is, to do as her statesmen do—not to depreciate our
own power while we exaggerate hers.
He then took a view of our own institutions,
and their beneficial effect on the people. They
have existed more than half a century, unstained
by the blood of a single individual for political
offences. With twenty millions of people, power-
ful enough to do wrong, and five thousand prisons,
there is not one of these twenty millions incarce-
rated in one of these prisons on any political
charge. A short time since there was one impris-
oned for a political offence, but so strong was the
force of public sympathy in his favor, that even
they who imprisoned him opened the prison doors,
and invited, and urged, and coaxed him to accept
of his liberty. Throughout the remoter sections
of our country, a magistrate is mounted on his
horse, travels to a distant court-house, holds his
court, pronounces judgment, and secures the ex-
ecution without the aid of a sword or even a
cudgel. And this because the hearts of the people
vindicate the supremacy of the laws. It is thus that
wc possess all the elements of the strongest govern-
ment by which mankind was ever banded together.
We then can have no fears of Great Britain.
All this arises from the fact, that instead of being
in the rear of our institutions, the people are always
in advance of those who arc in power. Th"e peo-
ple have no fears of Great Britain; and if in our
national councils is to found something like timid-
ity, it is owing to the fact that delegated power is
always more fearful of responsibility than that
which is primitive. It is the policy of Great Brit-
ain boldly to assert a claim, and then, by giving us
the alternative of yielding or fighting, to obtain the
surrender of a part of it,.
' Mr. ALLEN concluded with giving his opinion
that Great Britain would enter into no war with this
country, unless she could secure the co-operation
of the other European governments. She might
hold out to them that after the subjugation of the
Oregon territory, she would erect it into an inde-
pendent government. Before she will go to war,
she will, at the last moment, invite the mediation
of Russia and Prance—of the former, because of
her contiguous possessions, and of the latter, be-
cause of the sympathy which binds her cabinet to
that of Great Britain. It is our duty to exhibit no
symptoms of quailing to Great Britain, but to treat
her as she has treated us. When she talks of
power, let us talk back to her of power. When
she strips for a fight, let us strip. With the bra-
vest people in the world, what cause have we for
fear. Let this resolution pass—and he knew this
body well enough to be sure that it would pass
easily, and that all the other measures to which it
would lead %vould also pass—and we shall hear no
more of war, unless Great Britain can prevail on
the great Powers of Europe to unite with her m
the establishment of a balance of power on this
continent.
On motion of Mr. J. M. CLAYTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 11, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part— . . .
Mr. HOPKINS remarked that, as it consisted
almost entirely of the general business of the day,
he would move that its farther reading be dis-
pensed with.
And the motion having been agreed to, the fur-
ther reading was dispensed with, and the Journal
was approved.
Mr. MOSELEY introduced to the House his
colleague, Mr. Carroll, (who has been detained
at home by severe indisposition,) and who now,
having been qualified, took his seat.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Patents be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Alvan C. Goell, and that the same be referred to a
select committee, consisting of five members. The
following members were appointed:
Messrs. Payne, McDowell, Julius Rockwell,
Towns, and Hamlin.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following communications:
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting a report of the disbursing agent of the Post
Office Department, exhibiting the receipts and pay-
ments during the calendar year 1845, including the
expenditure of the contingent fund for said de-
partment; which letter and report were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office Department. _
A message from the Piesident of the United
States, by James K. Walker, his private secreta-
ry, notifying that he did yesterday approve and
sign the bill of the House relative to collectors
and other officers of the customs.
Mr. ROBERTS, by leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, in
favor of reducing and graduating the price of the
public lands; for an amendment of the pre-emp-
tion law, by striking therefrom the provision which
requires the pre-emptor to reside five years upon
land after he has paid for it, before he can obtain a.
title; and also for the issuing of patents to all lands
donated to the State of Mississippi; which reso-
lutions were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. T. B. KING rose, and asked leave of the
House to make a personal explanation.
No audible objection having been made,
Mr. KING proceeded to remark, that on Mon-
day last a vote had been taken on the joint resolu-
tion to terminate the convention of 1827 between
the Government of the United States and Great
Britain, in relation to the Oregon territory; and
that, as he had not voted, he deemed it necessary
to say why he had not done, so 
Mi-. RATHBTJN rose, and objected to the gen-
tleman proceeding. I (said Mr. R.) can tell the
House why I did vote for the resolution, and I
should very much like to do so. The gentleman
wished to state why he did not vote. I wish to say
why I did vote; therefore I object to his proceeding.
Mr. KING. I have been permitted by the
House to go on. I understood the House to allow
me to do so.
[Several voices: "No one knew anything about
it."]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the right
to ask leave of the House to make a personal ex-
planation, and it was for the House ^to decide
whether that leave should be granted. The Chair
did not hear any objection, but will put the ques-
tion, "Shall the gentleman have leave to proceed
with his personal explanation?"
Mr. HOPKINS said that, regarding the ques-
tion as an important one, he would demand the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON said that the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. King] had in part proceed-
ed with his personal explanation, when the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Rathbun] rose, and
objected that it was not in order. He (Mr. H.)
presumed that the question would now be, whether
the gentleman from Georgia should be permitted
to proceed. If the Chair sustained the views taken
by the gentleman from New York, then the ques-
tion would not be, as the Speaker had put it, to
grant leave to make a personal explanation, but it
would be, whether the House would allow the
gentleman to proceed in order, he having violated
I the courtesy extended to him.
