358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
The SPEAKER [interposing] said it was not
the province of the Speaker to state whether the
gentleman should have leave to proceed, or to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not refused the gentle-
man leave to make a personal explanation; but the
manner in which the question is put places those
who vote for that explanation in a false position.
The SPEA KERsaid he would then put the ques-
tion in the form of giving the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. King] leave to proceed.
Mr. G. DAVIS. I understood the gentleman
from Georgia to ask leave to make a personal ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood.
The gentleman fiom Georgia [addressing Mr.
King] will state whether the Chaii understood
him rightly.
Mr. KING. The Chair is right. I did ask
leave to make a personal explanation, and a very
short one, too.
Mr. HOPKINS. Did not the gentleman say
that his abject was to explain why he had not
voted?
Mr. KING. Undoubtedly, sir; I did so state.
Mr. L. H. SIMS. Was the gentleman m his
seat when the vote was taken?
Mr. KING. I was not.
The question, " Shall the gentleman have leave
to proceed?" was then taken, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ash-
muiij Barringer, Bell, JBlanchard, Brodhead,Milton
Brown, Wm. G. Brown, Burt, Wm. W. Camp-
bell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Cocke,
Crozier, Culver, Cunningham, Darragh, Gunett
Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Foot, Gently,
Giddings, Grider, Harper, Herriek, Hilhard, Eli as
B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Edmund W.
Hubard, S. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoli, Joseph
R. Ingersoli, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Daniel P. King, La Sere, Lewis, Levin, Long,
Maclay, McClelland, McGaughey, McHenry,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Barclay Martin, Miller, Mose-
ley, Parish, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Sever-
ance, Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens,
Strohm, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Tib-
batts, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
White, Winthrop, Woodward, Wright, and
Young—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Bedmger, Benton, Biggs, Bov/lin, Cath-
cart, Reuben Chapman, Clarke, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dunlap, Edsall,
Ellsworth, Erdman, Ficklin, Gordon, Hamlin,
Harmanson, Henley, Hopkins, Hough, George
S.Houston, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, James II.
Johnson, Lawrence, Ligon, McClean, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Morse, Moulton, Norri^, Payne, Perry,
Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Sawyer, Scam-
nion, L. H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
St. John, Strong, Thomasson, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tredway, Wentworth, Whcaton,
Wick, Williams, Yancey, and Yost—63.
So the House decided that the gentleman should
have leave to proceed.
Mr. KING resumed his remarks. lie said: I
thank the House for its courtesy, and will not
abuse it. Ever since the joint resolution which
passed on Monday was introduced into this House,
I have regarded it as a measure tending to war. It
may not be regarded as a war measure, and I pre-
sume that gentlemen "who voted in its favor did not
regard it in that light. But regarding it as a meas-
ure which may, immediately or remotely, in my
humble judgment, tend to hostilities between Great
Britain and the United States, I desired not to give
my vote either for or against it, until such time as
we might have before us all the information m the
hands of the Executive.
The call for that information was perfectly proper.
It was ample in its scope: and, in my judgment,
should have been answered prompt!v T have no
complaint to make as to the delay which occurred
in the passage of the resolution; but I have com-
plaint to make that the information was not full
and ample. It is evident, on the face of the com-
munication itself, that a very large portion of the
letter of Mr. McLane has been withheld.
Mr. RATHBUN. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[3VIr. King.] will toko ins" seatv The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ratiibun] will state his point
of order.
| Mr. RATHBUN. Itisthis: that any member
making a personal explanation must be confined to
the matter of that personal explanation. The gen-
tleman is discussing the eonespondence between
our Minisler and the British Government. That
matter is neither pertinent, nor proper, nor per-
sonal. The gentleman in this way might speak
an hour.
The SPEAKER., interposing. The Chair will
decide the question at once. The House, by a
considerable majority, had given the gentleman
from Gcoiiiia [Mr. King] leave to proceed, after an
express statement on the part of that gentleman
that he intended to explain the reasons why he
did not vote on the subject of the Oregon question.
Air. RUOD1TEAD. I beg to state thai when
the gentleman from Georgia rose, he distinctly
avowed that he desired to make a personal expla-
nation.
ThcSPE A.KER. The gentleman is not in order.
Mr. KING. I think I can satisfy gentlemen—
Mr. HOUSTON wished to say one word on the
point of older.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, except
an appeal i^ taken from the decision of the Chair.
Mr, HOUSTON. I will, then, gratify the Chair
by appealing from the decision. Mr. H. then ex-
plained his view of the question, with reference to
the original proposition of Mr. King.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
BAKER, HOUSTON, and the SPEAKER par-
ticipated.
Mr. KING said he should have concluded his
remarks long ago, if this interruption had not
taken place.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be true. But the
gentleman has done that which is a violation of the
rules of the House, and therefore it was that he
(Mr. H.) objected. And he wished avote on the
appeal.
Mr. COBB inquired whether an appeal had been
taken?
Mr. HOUSTON informed him.
Mr. COBB wished to sav a few words.
Mr. HOPKINS rose to inquire whether the ap-
peal wos debatable'1
The SPEAKER said, yes, except in a case where
the previous question bad been demanded.
Mr, HOPKINS referred to the second rule, and
to the note appended to the 31st rule.
The SPEAKER (after a moment's examination)
decided that the appeal was not debatable.
The SPEAKER then explained the grounds of
his decision. He said, the gentlemen from Georgia
[Mr. King] rose and stated that he desired to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. KING. And to explain the reason why I
did not vote on the Oregon resolution.
The SPEAKER continued. The first expres-
sion that caught the ear of the Speaker was, that
the gentleman desired leave to make a personal ex-
planation; and then he said that he would state the
reasons why he had not voted on the Oregon reso-
lution. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Rathbun] then rose to a question of order. The
Chair was about to put the question on leave to
1 make a personal explanation, and so announced,
i But the gentle man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
j rose and said, that that mode of putting the ques-
! tion did not express its actual state. If the Chair
1 had been permitted to put the question on leave to
, make a personal explanation, it would have re-
! quired a vote of two-thirds. But, in consequence
i of the objection of the gentleman from Alabama,
j the Chair put the question in this form: "Shall
the gentleman from Georgia have leave to proceed
'with his personal explo nation5" And upon the
' decision of the House then given, the Chair an-
nounced that the gentleman from Georgia was in
t order. From that decision an appeal is taken.
' And the question is, "Shall the decision of the
. Chair stand as the judment of the House?"
! And the question having been taken, the vote
. stood—aves 105, noes not counted.
1 So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
I The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
I will proceed with his remarks.
j Mr. KING proceeded. I am not responsible,
' Mr. Speaker, for the delay which has been occa-
sioned by this question of order. I have no doubt
that gentlemen have motives satisfactory to them-
selves at least, for the course they have pursued.
When I was interrupted, I was going on to say
that the reason why I aid not vote was because the
information transmitted by the Executive was evi-
dently not as full as it should have been. I care
not of how much importance the information which
has been withheld may be; (and I must regard it
in its absence as being of the utmost importance;)
the Executive could have communicated it to this
House, and we could have considered it in secret
session, as wc ought to have done, if it was not
proper that it should be made public. But when
called upon to vote on a measure which I regard
as tending immediately or remotely to hostilities
with a foreign power, 1 must require of the Exec-
utive that he shall lay before this House all the in-
formation requisite to enlighten my mind, and to
enable me to come to a correct and patriotic con-
clusion. And because the Executive has not done
this, I could not conscientiously vote, and there-
fore I did not. I am not disposed to embarrass
him m the management of our foreign relations;
nor am I disposed to withhold from him my vote
whenever, in the view of a candid mind, it may be
necessary to aid him in concluding these negotia-
tions. But when I am callcd upon for such a vote,
he must place in my possession all the information
which he can furnish in relation to the necessity-or
expediency of my giving such a vote. In the ab-
sence of that information, I am opposed to all ao
i tion on the subject. This statement I designed to
i have made when I addressed the committee on
I Monday, but was precluded by the expiration of
the hour allotted me.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to tender
my acknowledgments to the House for the courte-
sy it has extended towards me. This is ail I have
to say, and I should have said it long ago but for
the interruptions that have taken place.
Mr. RATHBUN rose and asked leave to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. R. said the gentleman who had just con-
cluded his personal explanation, and had given to
the House the reasons why he did, notyote upon
the Oregon resolution, was present in the House,
and was fortunate enough to possess himself of
the floor, and to make a speech of an hour upon
the subject under consideration. He (Mr. R.) was
in the House during the whole discussion, and he
made divers and vigorous efforts to obtain the floor
for the same purpose, and failed. He was com-
1 pelled, therefore, to vote without being able to ex-
' plain to the House or to his constituents the rea~
j sons which induced him to vote for the resolution;
and he claimed, therefore, the gentleman haying
| been indulged in making a personal explanation,
j and giving the reasons why he did not see fit to
| vote upon one side or the other, (after making a
; speech of an hour,) certainly that those members
of the House who were here, and who were una-
I ble to obtain the floor, to give the reasons why they
j did vote upon one side or the other, were much
j better entitled to the floor for the purposeof making
i a personal explanation of their votes.
i I hope to be able (said Mr. R.) within the hour
\ to give to the House reasons satisfactory why I
have voted for the resolution, and which I intended
to have given to the House had I been so fortunate
as to have obtained the floor in committee.
Mr. RHETT appealed to Mr. Ratiibun not to
persist in his design. The gentleman from Geor-
i gia, [Mr. King,] who had made his personal ex-
1 planation, was in the minority in this House. The
1 democratic party, of which the gentleman from
! New York was so admirable a member, was in the
! majority; and they were responsible to the country
' for the transaction of the business of the House,
j Although the gentleman from Georgia had insisted
j on the right which the gentleman from New York
! thought he ought not to have, yet he submitted to
; the gentleman [Mr. Rathbun] to take his position
! into due consideration, and not again to open this
! debate.
; Mr. HOUSTON said, he believed that the gen-
| tleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun] had the
! same right to go on as the gentleman from Georgia,
; [Mr. King.] That gentleman, by the remarks he
! had made, had involved in his censure all those
1 members of this House who had voted for the joint
resolution of notice, and had thus made these per-
sonal explanations necessary. He had charged,
i or intimated, that there had been a suppression of
