360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Representatives, entitled "An act making an ap-
propriation to enable the President of the United
S'ates to receive from the State of Texas the ces-
sion of certain property," reported the same with
an amendment.
Mr. BAGrBY, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill authoring the
payment of interest upon 'he advances made by
the State of Alabama for the use of the United
States Government, in the suppression of the Creek
Indian hostilities of 1836-'7; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
"Bill to authorize the Secretary of the Tieasury
to make an arrangement or compromise with Man-
gle M. CXuackenboss, and his co-obligors, or any
of them, for claims on bonds given by them as
sureties to the United States;" which was read a
third time; when
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to strike out the pro-
viso in said bill.
The PRESIDENT informed the gentleman from
Tennessee, that the bill,-haying passed to a third
reading, was not open to amendment, unless by a
motion for recommittal; whereupon the objection
was wihdrawn, and the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of the bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of George Duval, a Cher-
okee Indian, deceased; which was read a sccond
time, considered as in committee of the whole, re-
ported without amendment, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The Senate proceeded, as in committee of the
whole, to the consideration of the " Bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives ofWm. D. Chcever,
deceased," postponed from yesterday; when
Mr. CALHOUN called for the reading of the re-
mainder of the reports which accompanied the bill;
which was ordered.
Mr. PENNYBACKKR submitted afew remarks
in support of the claim set forth m the bill.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The Senate also proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to repeal a part of the act entitled "An
act supplementary to the several laws for the sale
of the public land's," approved 5th of April, 3632,
and for other purposes; which was read a third
time; when
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed the hope that
the further consideration of the bill would be post-
poned; which was agreed to.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the prior orders of
the day be postponed, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order; which
was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT stated that the special order
was the consideration of the joint resolution re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
advising the President of the United States to give
notice to Great Britain of the abrogation of the
convention between the United States and Great
Britain, concluded the 6th day of August, 1827, in
relation to Oregon, together with Mr. Critten-
de.v's amendment thereto, Mr. Hannegan's reso-
lutions relating to the same subject, and Mr. Cal-
houn's amendment to the latter.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then rose, and said, that
before he proceeded to address the Senate on the
subject now under their consideration, he would
ask a reading of the resolution reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The resolution was accordingly read. It is as
follows :
JOINT RESOLUTION advisinz the President of the United
States to give notice to the Government ot Gieat Bntam,
that the Government of the United States \viIJ,m "virtue of
the second article of the convention of the sixth of August,
" anno Domini eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, be-
tween the two Governments, relative to the Oregon ter-
ritoiy, annul and abrogate that convention.
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmericu in Ojiigress assembled, That the
President of the United States be, and he it? hereby, ad v'ised
to give forthwith, notice to the Government of Groat Brit-
ain that the Government of the United States will, in virtue
of the second article of the convention of the sixth of Au-
gust, anno Domini eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, be-
tween the United States and Great Butam, relative to the
Oregon territory, and after tlie expiration of twelve months
fiow the day on which such notice shall have been received I
by the Government ot Great Butam, annul and abrogate that I
convention. j
Also, the following amendment, reported Jan- 1
nary 8, 1846, by the Committee on Foreign Re- j
laiions. Strike out all after joint resolution, and
insert the following :
To annul and .ibioiMte the convention of the sixth day of
Aimn^t ei2hie^n bundled and twenty-seven, between the
United States ot Ameuea and Gteat ftntain, relative to
the couiitty wo-twaid oi the ."tlony or Rocky mountains.
Resolved hy the Setwte <!nd Hon se of Representative: of the
United Siate^ cf + .n-enca v> Con^n-is asceml!ed, Thai, in
value of the second aitiele of tho convention of the sixth of ji
August eichi-'cn hundred and nvcntv-seven, between the ji
United State-- of Ameiioa and Gic.it ihitdiii, relative to the !j
countiy westward oi the Ftonv or "Rorky mountains, the j
United States of Ameuea do now think fit to annul and ab- I!
io< ate that convention, and the said convention thereby j|
accordingly entirely annulled and alnogated • Provided, i
That tins resolution shall take effect aftei the expiration of ;>
the teun of twelve months from the day on which due notice
shall have been given to Gteat Britain of the passage of this
re->olution. And the Pi evident of the United State-' is hereby
authorized and required to ^ ve such notice; and also at the
expiration ot said convention, to issue Ins proclamation set-
ting foitli that fact.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then remarked, that if he
understood the position of this subject, the Com-
mittee on Foreign delations proposed to strikeout
all the resolution originally introduced by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] and to substi-
tute that amendment in place of it. He desired
now, in order that tiie subject might be more fully
presented to the Senate in all the variety of views
tukeu of it, or at least in one farther variety so far
as related to himself, to move the resolution sub-
mitted by him as a substitute for that amend-
ment—an amendment to the amendment. He
presumed that that would be parliamentary and in
order. He desired, therefore, that that resolution
minht be rend.
The resolution thus alluded to is as follows:
JOINT RESOLUTION concerning the Oregon territory.
this body, proposes to give the notice, without en-
trusting the President of the United States with any
discretionary \ ower whatever on the subject, it'
devolves upon Congress the whole responsibility
of giving the notice. The other proposition, in tro-
duced by my honorable friend from Kentucky, in
the form of an amendment to the amendment of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, throws that
responsibility on the President himself. It gives
to him the right, the authority, to give the notice,
if in his judgment that measure shall seem most ex-
pedient, and best calculated to subserve the great
interests of the country. At the same time, it does
not deny to him the exercise of tlie right to with-
hold the notice altogether, if, in .consequence of
any future developments, or of anything which
has already occurred, it should seem to him most
advisable not to give the notice. It differs also from
the other resolution in another important particu-
lar; and that is, that it holds out distinctly, or at
all events by necessary implication, the idea that
negotiations between this country and England
have not yet been entirely closed; and, in my judg-
ment, it amounts to a virtual recommendation that
the President should continue negotiations, with a
view to the peaceable settlement of the great ques-
tion which now agitates the two governments.
Of the two propositions, I have no hesitation in
saying that I decidedly prefer the amendment which
: has been proposed by my honorable friend from
I Kentucky, to the other proposition, which forces
; us to give the notice immediately, which entrusts
1 the President of the United States with no discre-
tionary power whatever, and which assumes that
Congress is thoroughly acquainted with the sub-
ject, no matter what has occurred in the negotia-
I tions between the British Minister and the Secre-
| tary of State, or what shall occur hereafter. To
I that resolution I say, I have insuperable objections,
1 and in no possible circumstances can I yield it my
Whereas by the convention concluded the twentieth day ; assent; but while I say this, I declare at the same
of October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, between the r time that I make not this opposition from any fac-
dcToftoS and Manif i *>   1 ™ P"* feeli"S ^'hatever on
-•••>- ' - - . 5 . , . ^ . .. , , this great question. 1 have never, at any period
of my public life, enlisted as a party man on'any
great question touching the foreign relations of this
country, nor have those with whom I have been
accustomed to act politically ever taken such a
course. Sir, I recollect well—and there are some
here who will recollect as well as I do—the course
which we all took in reference to the northeastern
boundary, at the time when the award of the King
of the Netherlands was first presented to this body.
On neither side of the House did gentlemen act as
party men. The subject was not discussed by any
years, and afterwards indefinitely extended and continued
in force by another convention of the same parties, conclu-
ded the feivth day of August m the year of our Lord one thou-
sand eight bundled and twenty-seven, it was agreed that
any country that may be claimed by either paity on the
noithwest coast ot Atnenea westward of the Stony or
Tiocky mountains now commonly called the Oregon terri- i
tory, should, together with its liaibois, bays, and creek?, ;
and the navigation of all livers within the '•ome, be "free j
and open"' to the vessel-?, citizens, and subjects of the two ;
powei*, but without prejudice to any claim which either of j
thepaitie-s nought have to any pai t of paid country ; and with 1
this fuithrr piovision, in the second aiuele of the said con-
vention of the sixth of Augu?t eighteen hundred and uven- ,
tv-seven, that enhei paity might abrogate and annul said
convention, on aiving due notice ot twelve months to the i, one on either side of the House as a party meas-
---' - - * '[ ure. After deliberating upon and discussing that
; important measure, we came to a unanimous result,
; and to England we presented at that time an un-
| broken front. And such, too, was precisely the
, case on another memorable occasion, when I had
; the honor of occupying a seat on the floor of this
i Senate, and when it was supposed by many that
! we were on the eve of a war with France, in con-
sequence of her refusal to pay us twenty-five mil-
ions that she had agreed to pay us under Mr.
Rives's treaty. On that occasion there was no
i party division in this body. An honorable Sen-
| ator from Kentucky, no longer a member ^of the
> body, and chairman of the Committee on Foreign
; Relations at the time, drew up a report, at the close
| of which was a resolution that he offered to the
; Senate, and which met with the unanimous appro-
; bation of the members of this body. Yes, we re-
! solved, one and all of us, on that occasion, to stand
' by our own country, and to insist upon our own
! rights. And I need not refer to these two instances
; only: I say, without hazard of contradiction from
j any quarter, that on no occasion since I have
I known the Senate of the United States has it been
| sunk so low as to divide itself into parties and sec-
j tions upon any great question touching the foreign
i relations of the country. I trust in God I shall see
0 a       ,j no such exhibition now. That we may all agree
pancy must cease at the end of twelve months af- ji on one measure in reference to this great subject is
j ter giving the notice. There is also another pro- P perhaps not probable—perhaps not possible. Each
j portion, not now rcgulaily before the Senate, man thinking independently for himself,and ertter-
j which has been, I understand, referred to the Com- ;; taining his own views, will express them. If it be
1 iiuttee on Foieign Relations, and does not properly |] not possible for us to find one common platform on
form the subject of discussion at this time: I al- 1' which we can all stand, I suppose I may safely say
lude to the resolution passed by the House of Rep- : ] that there is no one who will place his foot either
rescntatives. The two propositions now before the !! directly or indirectly upon a party ground.
Senate differ in two important particulars. The one j1 Well, sir, for my own part, in reference to J--"13
reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations of :i great question, I am willing; to say frankly that,
other cont!acting paity :
! And whereas it has now become desirable that the re-
! spective claims of the United States and Great Britain
1 should be definitely settled, and that said terntory may no
I longer than need be lemain subject to the evil consequences
of the divided allegiance ofits American and Bntir-h popula-
tion, and of the confus-ion and conflict of national jurisdic.
tions., dangerous to the cheushed peace and good under-
standing oi the two countnes:
With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for the abroga-
tion of the said convention of the sixth of Aucust, eighteen _    ^.w  _    j
hundied and twentv-seven, m the mode pie*cubed m its " +unf  crr*wf tn navn« wider Mr
second article, and that the attention of the Governments of • ii0138 she ®Siee<l t0 W U* linaer '
both countries may be the more earnestly and immediately
directed to renewed efioits foi the settlement of all their •
differences and disputes m respect to «.aid teintoiy ;
Resoli ed hy the Seiutte and House of Repre^cnt<<tives of the 1
Uyiitcd States of %/lmciica in Cungrt-<$ mumbled^ That the i
President of the United States he, and he is hereby, author- 1
izedj at Ins disetetion. fo give to the Bmt«h Government i
the notice required by its said second aitiele foi the abroga- !
tion of the said convention of the siuh of August, eighteen :
hundred and twenty-seven: Provided, however, That, in or- ]
der to afford ampler tune and opportunitv for the amicable I
settlement and adjustment of all their diffeieiices and dis- j
putes in iecpec1 to said territory, said notice ought not to be :
given till after the close of the present session of Congress, j
Mr. CLAYTON then proceeded to address the
Senate. There are now (said he) before the Sen-
ate of the United States two distinct propositions
for terminating the convention of 1827, providing
| j for the joint occupancy of the territory of Oregon—
' forgiving notice to England that that joint occu-
