1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
whatever opinion I may entertain in regard to the
negotiations between our Secretary of State and
the British Minister, and the manner of conduct-
ing these negotiations—whatever opinion I may
entertain in regard to the policy of the President
of the. United States on this whole subject—yet as
as a Senator of the United States, and "as a patriot,
I mean to stand by him as far as I can do it con-
sistently with principle, and honor. He has rec-
ommended the Congress of the United States to
give this notice to England. Upon his high respon-
sibility, he has made that recommendation; at the
same time he has not given us the slightest inti-
mation in any part of his message, nor in any
other communication to Congress, that he enter-
tains the opinion that that noticc will be attended
by any war with England, or followed up by any
hostile measures whatever on the part of England.
He has not warned the country that there is the
slightest danger of war arising either from the pas-
sage of this resolution, or of a resolution of simi-
lar import, or from any other measure whatever.
He has given us no intimation that there is the
slightest danger whatever. But if I am to judge
from his action, as well as from his words, there
is not, there can be no danger whatever of war
with England. Why, sir, what are the facts? He
has not recommended that the appropriations for
the defences of the country should be increased
one dollar. On the contrary, he has recommend-
ed that the estimates for the year should be re-
duced; and they have been reduced. He has ac
companied that recommendation with another,
and that is, that the tariff of the country shall be
reduced. He has made no proposition whatever
for increasing the revenue by increasing the duties
on any article or articles whatever. Well, what
lias been the conduct of the gentlemen whose duty
it would be, in the event that this country should
be endangered, to recommend to Congress meas-
ures of defence—your officers of the War and
Navy Departments? There is no proposition from
either of them to prepare for war. True it is, that,
after the honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] had introduced his resolutions, and they
had been adopted by the Senate, one of the com-
mittees of this body—the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs—by its chairman, did propose one measure for
increasing to a small extent the navy of the country,
by the addition of three steam frigates, five sloops-
Of-war, and two brigs or schooners. Well, the
measure was accompanied, at the same time, by a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, which dis-
tinctly announced the fact that it was not to be con-
sidered as a war measure, but merely as a peace
measure. The idea that I—arid, I suppose, others—
obtained from that communication was, that the na-
vy of the country ought to be increased, supposing
there was to be no war, either with England or any
other nation; in other words, that the navy of the
country should be increased to the extent proposed
in the bill itself, because that increase was neces-
sary to protect the commerce of the nation. Well,
to what other sources ought we, as Senators of
the United States, to look, in case we should be
called on to prepare for war? Who ought to warn
us? Who ought to give the alarm? As I have
said, the President of the United States has given
no intimations of approaching danger. Tho heads
of departments have given no intimations of ap-
proaching danger. The chairmen of committees of
this body have given no intimations of approach-
ing danger. The leading friends of the Adminis-
tration—those wlio enjoy its confidence—have giv-
en no intimations of approaching danger. We are
therefore precisely in the state described by the
honorable Senator from Michigan and others—tru-
ly described by them—entirely unprotected and
unarmed in case any foreign foe whatever should
choose to make war upon us. It is strictly true-
true to the very letter—that the fortifications of the
country are either in a state of dilapidation, or
that there are no fortifications at all, at points
where they would be eminently demanded in case
of war.
My honorable friend from Florida [Mr. West-
•cott] described the situation of the sea-coast
justly, in my opinion; and so did the honorable
Senator from Michigan; and I thank the honor-
able Senator from Florida for his allusion, partic-
ularly, to the present defenceless condition of my
own section of country. It is, indeed, true, as that
honorable Senator has said, that there is no de-
fence whatever, worthy of being called a defence,
for the great city of Philadelphia, the second com-
mercial city of this Union. It is true that there
is not a single gun mounted between the city of
Wilmington and the Capes; but that there is, as
he remarked, a breakwater harbor at the entrance
of the Delaware bay, built for the protection of the
commerce of this country, capable of affording a
complete protection to the British, or any other
nation, m the event of a war—a point which could
not possibly escape the attention of a sagacious
enemy, because from that point the city of New
York, and all the cities of the coast, as well as the
towns on both sides of the Delaware, and the city
of Philadelphia, could be struck. This is our
condition on the coast. Well, now, in all these
circumstances, with a full knowledge of this sub-
ject—with a full knowledge of the fact, too, that
we have a commercial marine at this moment
equal, I verily believe, to that of England itself—
exposed to the depredations of any enemy, upon
any sea and every sea, in the event of a war—
there is not one friend of the Administration who
stands forward to inform Congress that there is
the slightest danger of a war. I look to these
things, to these matters, as much more significant
of what is to happen than to the published corre-
spondence between the Secretary of State and the
British Minister. If I were to judge from the cor-
respondence between the two Ministers, I should
say, without doubt, that the country was in im-
minent danger of war; because I am not capable,
at this moment, of understanding from it upon
what ground the great question between England
and the United States is to be peaceably settled.
We have refused all arbitration. We have refused
to arbitrate the question of boundary and the ques-
tion of title. We have refused to refer either to
crowned heads or to private citizens. Wo have
rejected every proposition that has thus far come
fiom England; and although we have heard it re-
neatedly asserted on this floor that the tone of the
British press, before the last steamer left England,
was pacific, yet it has hardly escaped the attention
of any intelligent man, reflecting on the subject,
that the sole reason assigned by that press for that
pacific tone wn3 the apprehension—the hope—
perhaps the belief—that we were about to make
sacrifices with a view to the settlement of this
question by affording to England, by a commercial
treaty, certain advantages. Now, I say, that any
man who reposes on such a hope as that, will, in
my judgment, find himself mistaken. I repeat,
then, that if I were to look only to the published
correspondence—and the tone of the British press
does not affect my opinion at all—I should consider
the country to be in imminent danger.
But I look to other facts; and that is, to the con-
duct of those to. whom is entrusted the administra-
tion of our national affairs; and seeing that, I am
bound to say here in mv place, and under the re-
sponsibility of my position, that I cannot entertain
any apprehension of war. Sir, to suppose that the
President of the United States would bring this
country to the verge of a war, and that with so
powerful a nation as England, without giving the
Congress of the United States to understand that
we were in imminent danger of war—to suppose
that he and his cabinet ministers have brought us
to the very vere;e of war, and yet that none of them
has recommended any means for the defence of the
country, knowing at the same time its denuded
condition, would be to suppose what I regard as
utterly impossible. I differ from the Administra-
tion politically—that is, I was not one of those who
united in putting the President in power. But I
have not distrusted his integrity and patriotism so
far, nor will I distrust them so far, as to suppose
that he has seriously harbored the idea of placing
this country in the attitude of war with the most
powerful nation of the earth, whilst he has refused
to give us the slightest intimation that we are in
any such danger; and whilst he, and his officers
who hold power under him, have withheld any
and every proposition for securing the national de-
fence. Sir, I do not hold the measure of notice to
be a measure tending or necessarily leading to war.
The President, under the circumstances which I
have described, asks of me to bestow on him the
power of giving this notice to England. He stands
in a position where he has the full opportunity of
knowing the benefits that are to follow that notice.
He has the facts before him. He has all the data
before him. I have not. He has the opportunity
of free communication with the British Minister
and of understanding the views of the British Gov-
ernment. I have not. The people of the United
States have conferred upon him high responsibili-
ties not entrusted to me; and I will not seek to take
them from him. With a full knowledge, then, of
all the facts of the case, he assumes the responsi-
bility of desiring the power to give the notice; and
I, in all the circumstances of the case as they stand
before me, and for the reasons which I have ex-
pressed and am about further to express, am wil-
ling to entrust him with that power. I will say to
him—" You have all the means of knowing wheth-
er this measure will redound to the honor and
prosperity of the country or not, and at your peril
exercise this power." If he think proper, let him
exercise it. But 1 will not, I cannot vote for the
resolution which compels him to exercise that
power, although he may not be desirous that the
notice should be given. I mean to give my vote
for the resolution which gives him the discretion,
and I will go no further.
Mr. President, I hold that the President of the
United States has it in his power to bring on a war
with England, if to him it shall seem best; and,
although the Constitution of the United States has
given to Congress the sole power to declare war;
yet if the President of the United States chooses
so to negotiate, so to carry on his correspondence
through his Secretary of State with a foreign Pow-
er as to involve us in a war, it will not depend on
any action of ours whether there shall or shall not
be war. Congress has done nothing to bring
things into thc prcsent condition which many hold
to be so perilous. If there be danger in the pres-
ent aspect of our relations with England, that has
not been induced in consequence of any action on
the part of Congress. The whole action on the
subject has been confined to the Executive. Well,
the President may go still further; he may, with-
out the consent of Congress, and as has been done
by others before him, commit actual hostilities. I
cannot shut my eyes to the great fact that it is in
the power of the President of the United States,
no matter what may be the action of Congress on
this or any other question before it, to provoke a
war with England if he be resolved so to do. If
he do, I shall deeply deplore it; but the fault will
not be on my head, nor on the heads of those who
have acted with me. The majority of the nation
have intrusted him with the power—the majority
of the nation therefore only can be censurable for
his acts. But my own course shall be so pursued
in this matter as to lead to what I believe will be
an honorable peace between the two nations. I
am the friend of peace—of an honorable peace;
and I trustand hope, and mustsay that it is my be-
lief, that the President of the United States intends
no war, but, on the contrary, desires an honorable
peace. I do not wish him to make a dishonorable
peace. I do not intend in the course of my re-
marks to submit any opinion whatever on a ques-
tion which is raised in some of the proposed
amendments on the table in regard to the title of
the United States to Oregon. I shall withhold any
opinion, whatever it may be, which I may enter-
tain on that subject, for another place. If the Sen-
ate of the United States chooses to go into a dis-
cussion of that question in executive session, I
shall be free to declare there what I think. But I
hold it to be highly improper to discuss this ques-
tion, and to prejudge any action which the Senate
may choose hereafter to take in reference to the
question of title. When a treaty shall be presented
to this body by the President of the United States, if
he should enter into one and submit it for the appro-
bation of this body, then I shall be ready to ex-
press my views on that question. I do not, then,
say that the President ought to settle it on the
parallel of 49°< or 54° 40', or any other parallel
whatever. Let him decide that question. Let
him enter into his treaty, such an one as pleases
him and those associated with him m power—and
then I shall satisfy myself with expressing my
opinion in regard to that treaty when it shall be
submitted. But this is one of those delicate sub-
jects on which I hold it to be eminently my duty
not to speak until I am properly called upon to
speak. I trust, whatever discussion may arise on
these resolutions, that honorable Senators, know-
ing the possibility, perhaps the probability, that
some treaty between this country and England
may be submitted to us hereafter for our consider-
ation, will forbear to give a definite opinion, at this
stage of the comiduration of the subject, upon the
