862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
question of title to any part or the whole of Oregon.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, indeed, told
us that he considered that we were 44 committed"
upon that question, to the whole of Oregon.
"Committed?" How, sir, "committed?" Com-
mitted, he said with all seriousness, by the resolu-
tion of the Baltimore convention ! I would like to
know how the decision of the Baltimore convention
could commit any Senator of the United States or
anybody else! What was it? A resolution, as I
understand, offered at the time when a great party
in this country had met for the purpose of nomina-
ting a President of the United States—a resolution
whose object undoubtedly was to enlist partisans
in favor of the party that proposed it—a resolution
not discussed, not considered by those who had it
before them—a resolution offered and adopted in
high party times, without a moment's reflection.
And yet the Senator from Ohio comes forward, and
gravely tells us that you—the Senate of the United
States—stand committed by that resolution. Sir,
it has no binding efficacy upon me. It commits
me to nothing; and I hold that it commits nobody
else to anything. Those, sir, who consider them-
selves so committed by such a resolution on a
question of great and abiding interest, are disposed
to regard themselves now as excluded from the
discussion of the question ; if they are disposed to
regard themselves as bound by that decision, they
must act on their own responsibility. I certainly
cannot act with them.
Mr. President, I hold that there is greater dan-
ger of involving this country in a war with Eng-
land, by the withholding the notice which I advo-
cate, and which was proposed by my honorable
friend from Kentucky, than there is by the giving
of the notice in this form. In my humble judg-
ment, the measure, as it stands, is pacific. The
giving of the notice would constitute no ground of
offcnce to England. The leading presses of Eng-
land have so declared their opinion. I have now
on my table a copy of the Manchester Guardian,
which makes the remark, that the notice will prob-
ably be the best means of preserving peace between
the two countries. I will read the following re-
mark of that newspaper, because it contains a sen-
timent in which I fully concur:
"With respect to the notice for terminating the
'joint occupation of Oregon, we are not sure that
4 President Polk may not receive it from the English
4 Government before he can possibly he in a condition
' to s;ive it himself. But, whether given by the one
4 side or the other, we do not conceive that it will
4 add materially, if at all, to the chance of a hostile
4 collision. It has been obvious for some time past,
* that, unless the question can be amicably settled
4 in a very short period, say in twelve months at
1 the latest, hardly anything can prevent war; and,
4 therefore, a decisive step like that of giving notice
4 for putting an end to the subsisting agreement, is
4 rather favorable than otherwise. When both
' Governments know that the alternative is an ar-
4 rangement in a year or war, they will see that
4 there is no time to be lost in useless discussions,
4 and will probably hit upon some compromise to
4 which both can accede. We are aware that this
4 opinion is rather at variance with the views of a
4 large portion of the press, both in England and
4 the United States, by whom the proposal to give
4 notice to terminate the joint occupation is regard-
4 ed as decidedly unfavorable to the preservation of
4 peace; but we see nothing in their arguments to
4 change our own opinions on the subject."
And I have said that is my opinion. I think
that there is niuch greater danger of war between
the two countries by continuing this joint occupa-
tion, as it is called, and withholding the notice,
than there is by giving the notice.
I presume, Mr. President, that I may consider
it as a settled determination on the part of the pres-
ent Congress of the United States to pass some
bill during the present session for the occupation
of Oregon. I do not mean the exclusive occupa-
tion of Oregon. I entertain no idea that the pres-
ent Congress of the United States intends to pass
a bill which shall be equivalent to a declaration of
war against England, by shutting her out from
the entire possession of any part of Oregon. I
have no idea that the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States will assent to
such a measure; but I presume that a bill similar
in tenor to the laws passed by the Parliament of
England on this subject will be passed; that the
jurisdiction of Iowa, or of some portion of our
country, will be extended over the territory, as
Great Britain has extended that of Canada over
her subjects in that territory; and that our own
citizens now there, and those who may hereafter
go there, will be protected in the possession of
their own rights by American tribunals and Amer-
ican officers. I take it for granted that some such
measure as that will be adopted. I have not heard
any opinion in opposition to that expressed in any
quarter. That measure seems to be due; it is due
to the honor of the country and the safety of our
people, who have gone to Oregon at this stage of
the negotiations between the two countries. Well,
then, iooking at things as they probably will be—
as they certainly will be at the close of the present
session of Congress—I put it to honorable gentle-
men on this, as well as on the other side of the
House, which of the two courses is most likely to
endanger the pacific relations between this country
and England—the giving of the notice in the form
and in the shape in which my friend from Ken-
tucky has proposed it, or, on the other hand, the
refusal to comply with the recommendations of
the President of the United States in any form i
whatever. Why, we must undoubtedly establish
tribunals of justice in Oregon. The English have
done so. We must do so for the protection of our
people. We shall have sheriffs, and constables,
and deputies to execute processes—to enforce the
administration of justice in that territory. The !
British have judges, and marshals, and constables, ;
and deputies there to enforce the administration
of justice. Well, now, how can it escape a think-
ing intellect that, in this state of things—if this
joint occupancy is to continue—the danger of col-
lision between the two countries must increase
every day. I will not say that the danger of
collision is unavoidable, and that in no possible
state of things can the event be different from what I
now imagine it will be. But I do feel confident—
knowing as I do the character of our own western
settlers, those who will go to Oregon—understand-
ing as we all do the feeling of our own people who
are about to emigrate to that territory, and of those
who have already gone there—the conflicting views
of our countrymen and the British in Oregon on
all questions, and especially on the great principles
of civil and republican liberty—knowing this dif-
ference of opinion, I say that I hold that the dan-
ger of collision between the two classes of settlers,
and consequently between this nation and Great
Britain, will daily increase, if this joint occupancy
be permitted to continue. It is, or will be, pre-
cisely as my honorable friend from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] described it—a "double-headed govern-
ment;" and there will be as great danger of colli-
sion between the two classes of inhabitants as if
there were no organized government at all, and the
country were in a state of absolute anarchy, and
; Judge Lynch the only resident judicial authority.
We can all very readily understand this. An
American is sued for a debt by a British settler,
or he is presented for an assault and battery, or
for homicide, or any other crime. Do you sup-
pose that the American will submit to the British
judge'1 Do you not suppose that he will, in all
human probability, appeal to his countrymen to
rescue him from the hands of any British consta-
ble, or sheriff, or marshal, who shall seek to seize
him,and lead him before the British judge? Re-
verse the case, and suppose that the prosecuting
party is an American, the alleged culprit an Eng-
lishman, do you suppose that he will submit it to
an American judge ? Will he not appeal for aid
to his countrymen to rescue him from the hands
of the American officers of justice ?
Sir, if this joint occupancy be permitted any
longer to continue, there will soon be collisions be-
tween armed posses of Englishmen and Americans
in Oregon—blood will be shed, and then what will
happen? Our countrymen will come to us with <
their story, and the Englishmen will s;o to the Brit-
ish Parliament; and the story of neither partv will
be softened in the recital. These things will in-
flame the passions of men on both sides; and al-
ready there are certain men in this country who
are seeking to fan into an open flame the prevailing
apprehensions of war. In these circumstances the
danger will increase, and my anxious fear is, that,
by the continuance of this state of thmgs, we will
be driven into a war. But one evil is certain under
this joint occupation; and I hold it to be a great \
fact, and worthy the consideration of this Senate ;
in taking a vote on these resolutions. Already the \
apprehension of war has decreased and almost par-
alyzed the business of the country*, already the
capital of traders is withdrawing itself into chests,
and drawers, and old stockings; already the busi-
ness men of the community are alarmed; and the
longer this state of things continues, the greater
will be the alarm; from day to day, and from
month to month, the tendency to paralyze the bu-
siness of the country will increase. We have at
this time a commerce of 2,417,000 tons of shipping.
England has 2,420,759 tons; so that we are nearly—
nay, it is my opinion we are completely—on a par
with her. I doubt, sir, whether England has a
greater commercial marine, or greater interests to
protect than us; if so, I would like to know in
what it consists. We have more than seven hun-
dred whale ships in the Pacific ocean; we have an
extensive Indian commerce; and a great and daily-
growing commerce with China. And does any
man suppose that in the present distracted state of
our relations with England, and the long time that
must elapse if this notice is not given, that the own-
ers of these ships, on their return, will send them
back on voyages—that the owners of these India-
men will dare to send them on a three years' cruise ?
Why, it is even now difficult to effect insurance on
them. My ardent wish is for an honorable and
speedy settlement of this question. I hold that the
giving of the notice will present the question to the
view of those whose duty it is to attend to it—the
Secretary of State and the President; that they will
be induced to come to some settlement, and that
speedily. But it is my fear that, if the notice fkils,
the President of the United States, feeling (I will
not say mortified) that his recommendation in re-
gard to England is not complied with, that his
measuies are not accepted, his serious proposals
slighted and neglected, may resolve, for reasons
best known to himself, to say, " I will take no fur-
ther steps in this business; f have done all I could,
and now the responsibility rests on Congress; and
if it does not do its duty, things must remain as
they are until a Congress comes in that will pos-
sess the determination to give the notice. Until this
is done, things must remain as they are." Sir, I say
nothing as one authorized; I do-not give my rea-
sons ex cathedra, I fear the first effect of refusing
to give the notice will be to induce the President to
stop all negotiation, and appeal to the country—to
appeal to that most dangerous of all tribunals,
party—and excite the inflammatory zeal of the peo-
ple, and stir up their ancient feelings of antipathy
to England, leaving commerce paralyzed by the
daily increasing fear of war. Should such take
place, I fear many a man would be sent here who
would be disposed to go farther, and do more, than
I propose in giving this pacific notice. At the same
tune, it is due to myself to say that I do not enter-
tain the idea that men will ever be sent here with
instructions to go beyond 54° 40f. I do not hope
nor believe that any man would come here, in-
structed by the people of the United States to go
for any measures that would tend to produce a
war with England.
Mr. President, I have said this much to explain,
very briefly, some of the reasons that will induce
me to vote for the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, and in opposition to those offered by
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. But I might not have troubled the Senate
with any remarks at this time, but for the very ex-
traordinary course indulged in in his observations
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.J That
gentleman is the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations of this body—the leading mem-
ber of the leading committee of the first delibera-
tive assembly in the world. What falls from him,
officially, will go abroad over the country, and not
stop there. What he says here will be transmitted
by the first steamer that goes to England, and be
read with great attention, concern, and resentment
by every intelligent Englishman. It will go over
Europe, and be presumed, from the official po-
sition of the gentleman, to speak the sentiments
of the Senate of the United States, or at least a
considerable portion of it. Sir, the Senator, in a
speech of two days, indulged in denunciations of
England, and assertions that she dare not go to
war with us; that she had become so weak, so im-
becile, as to be^unabie to vindicate her own rights,
fie endeavored to prove that the Government of
England would tumble to pieces in case of a war
with this country. He extolled—and in that I con-
curred with him—the military prowess of our own
