864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Shall drop their blood in approbation
Of what your wisdom shall incite us to:
Therefore take heed how you impawn our person—
How you awake the sleeping sword of war;
We charge you, in the name of God, take heed.
For never two such kingdoms did contend,
Without much fail of blood, whose guiltless drops
Are every one a wo, a sore complaint,
'Jainst him whose wiong give edge unto the swords
That make such waste in brief nuutdlity."
And I say, while I admit—nay, insist that my
countrymen are as brave as any other men on the
face of the earth, and as ready as any others to
vindicate their honor and their rights,—yet I say,
on their behalf, (if any doubt on that question ex-
ists,) to the President and all in authority, " In
the name of God, take heed!" If we are to be
brought into a war with England—a nation more
powerful than Rome was in her palmiest days;
if, at this early stage of our national existence, we
are to be called on to measure our strength with
the greatest Power on earth, in God's name let it
be in a just cause. We will then all strike to-
gether, and I have^ho doubt of the issue. But let
us be assured, beyond all controversy, that we are
in the right. The American people will not make
battle in a bad cause. In a righteous cause—in
defence of their liberties, or what they believe in
their heart and soul to be their own—they can fight
as well as any men that ever trod the battle-field.
Mr. President, if at this time there must come war",
the responsibility of that war will rest upon the
head of the President of the United States and his
Cabinet. And it will be a war, as lias been truly
stated by some other gentleman on this floor, such
as the world has probably never yet seen. It will
be " the carnival of death—the vintage of the
grave." It will be a war between men who pro-
fess to be the disciples of one common faith—the
faith of the Saviour of the world—men allied more
closely in feelings than any other of the races of
mankind—more"closely united in intelligence, and
who approximate more nearly than any others in
their views of government and laws—men who, on
each side, think they "know their rights, and,
knowing, dare maintain them''—skilled in war,
brave, possessed of wealth, richly endowed in all
the means and sinews of war. If there is to be
sach a war, the responsibility will rest where I
have slated. But not on me—not on me, 0 God!
let any portion of the responsibility, and the guilt,
and the sin of that war rest!
Mr. C. then resumed his seat; and then, on
motion of
Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate entered on the
consideration of executive business.
After a short time spent in executive session,
the doors were again opened; and then
The Senate adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 12, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order would be the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. STEPHENS asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, to which he hoped there would be no objec-
tion; and if gentlemen would hear it read, he was
sure there would be none.
The resolution was read as follows;
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House report
the reasons or causc of the delay in the delivery of
the remainder of the copies of Captain Fremont's
Report; which were ordered to be printed by the
House at the last session of Congress, for the use
of the members thereof.
Mr. STEPHENS was understood to say, it
would be remembered that at the last session of
Congress, 10,000 extra copies of this report bad
been ordered. Twelve months had now elapsed.
Only seven copies had been delivered to the mem-
bers, and some of them, he thought, had only re-
ceived three. Doubtless there was some good rea-
son for the delay. But he knew that there was
gieat anxiety in the country to procure this report;
and he had himself received a number of letters—■
Mr. RATHBUN here lose and submitted that,
if debate was to arise, the resolution must lie over.
The question was then taken without further dis-
cussion, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH hoped the committees
would be called for reports.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON said that the
House had already got more business before it
than it was likely to do.
Mr. SEABORN JONES asked Mr. McKay to
withdraw his motion. But Mr. McKay persisted.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
Yeas 42, noes 67.
So the House refused to go into committee.
Mr. SEABORN JONES, by leave, gave notice
of a motion for leave to introduce a bill to amend
the judiciary system of the United States.
Mr. DANIEL (chairman of the Committee of
Claims) rose and said, that inasmuch as the joint
resolution of notice, which had so long engaged
the attention of the committee, was now disposed
of, he should feel it to be his duty, to-morrow and
the next day, to insist on the transaction of busi-
ness on the piivate calendar. He gave this notice
that gentlemen interested in that calendar might be
m their places.
Mr. WENTWORTH, on leave, gave notice of
a bill to provide for the establishment of a general
warehousing system.
Mr. RATHBUN, on leave given, presented res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of New
York, instructing the Senators, and requesting
the Representatives from said State, m the Congress
of the U mted States, to use their best endeavors
to prevent any increase on the present rates of
postage, until the present system shall be fully
tested; which resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. McKAY called for the orders of the day.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act forthe
relief of the legal representativeij of Pierre Menard,
Josiah T. Retts, Jacob Fearnan, and Edmund
Roberts, of the State of Illinois, sureties of Felix
St. Vrain, late Indian agent, deceased," was read
twice, and committed.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
On motion of Mr. G. S. HOUSTON,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the consideration of the
resolution of the House of the 9th ultimo, relative
to an appropriation for a marine hospital at Padu-
cah, in Kentucky.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the memorial
; of the Legislature of the Terntoiy of Iowa, for a I
wharf at the town of Keokuk, and that it be laid ;
upon the table. \
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
j discharged from the consideration of the memorial
of citizens of the State of Indiana, for a naval de-
pot at Toledo, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, the House
j proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution, offered by him on the 10th instant;
which was read, considered, and adopted, as fol-
lows, viz:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War commu-
nicate to this House all information m his posses-
sion respecting the present condition and use of
Fort Dearborn, at Chicago, Illinois, and whether,
without injury to the public service, the said fort
could not be converted into a marine hospital, for
the benefit of seamen on Lake Michigan; and that
he procure from the officers in charge an estimate
of the expense thereof, with an opinion whether
lands reserved for military purposes near said fort
could not be sold without public inconvenience or
detriment, to raise the amount necessary to meet
such expense; and also as to the expediency of es-
tablishing a marine hospital at that place; and also
| as to the expediency of selling the site of said fort
I entirely, for the purpose of applying the proceeds
! to the purchase of grounds further without the
1 business portion of said city."
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS
morial of citizens of Fulton county, Indiana, for
school lands in lieu of section 16, township 30,
north of range 53; and of the memorial of citizens
in the State of Ohio, in favor of granting lands in
limited quantities to actual settlers, and that they
be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Ordered., That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the resolution from the
Legislature of the State of New Hampshire relating
to the subject of distributing the proceeds of the
sales of public lands among the several States, and
that it be committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. ERDMAN presented petitions of citizens
of the counties of Lehigh, Bucks, and Montgom-
ery, in the State of Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a post-route from Pottstown to
Coopcrsburg; which petitions were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which the subject was referred, by reso-
lution of the House on the 13th January last, re-
ported a bill to amend the act approved the 2d of
April, 1844, entitled "An act directing the dispo-
sition of certain unclaimed goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, seized for being illegally imported into
the United States," accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill was read twice, and, after a
brief explanation of its object by Mr. B., was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time to-day.
The said bill being engrossed, was accordingly
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. LEVIN, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which the memorials upon the subject were re-
ferred, reported a bill to establish a dry-dock at
the navy-yard m the city of Philadelphia, accom-
panied by a report; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and adopted,
viz:
Resolved, That the President of the Uni'ed States
be requested to communicate to this House, if in
his opinion not incompatible with the public inter-
est, a copy of the communication dated 17th Octo-
ber, 1845, from the agent of the United States at
Mexico, relative to the payment of the 4th and 5th
instalments of the Mexican indemnity, which is
referred to in his last annual Message as having
been received at the State Department on the 9th
November last, and also all information in his pos-
session relative to the said instalments, and to
the payment of the said indemnity, and to the
measures adopted by the State or Treasury De-
partments in relation thereto, which was not com-
municated in the Message of the President to the
Senate of the 3d of February, 1845, or has been re-
ceived or taken place since that time.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, made an adverse report upon
the petition of A. H. Everett; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made an adverse report upon
the petition of Thomas Harvey; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill declaratory of the powers, and le-
galizing certain acts, of the chief clerk of the Pat-
ent Office; which bill was read twice and engross-
ed, and read a third time and passed; and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, from the Committee
of Claims, made a report upon the case of Josiah
Haskell, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. LEAKE, from the Committee of Claims,
! made a report upon the case of Daniel Steenrodj
| accompanied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
| read twice, and committed.
I [A message was received from the Senate by A.
! Dickens, esq., their Secretary, informing the House
' that the Senate have passed a bill to authorize the
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be j Secretary of the Treasury to make an arrangement
discharged from the consideration of the petition
of citizens of Rhode Island and Massachusetts for
the improvement of the Pawtucket river, and that
it be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the me-
or compromise wilh Mangle M. duackenboss and
his co-obligoi s, or any of them, for claims on bonds
given by them as suieties to the United States.]
Mr. WILLIAM W. CAMPBELL, from the
Joint Committee on the Library, reported the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and Howe of llcp'rcsenlui'ives
