866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Mr. McKAY said that the committee had now !
been twice forced to rise for want of a quorum.
The committee was engaged in the consideration of
a bill making appropriation for a part of the pub-
lic service. It was evident that if this state of
things was suffered to exist—if members would
not be more punctual in their attendance—the
House would not be able to proceed with the pub-
lic business. And in order that the country might
sec who the absentees were, he moved a call of the
House, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHMUN renewed the motion of Mr. Ste-
phens that the House adjourn.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN withdrew his motion.
So the question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. HENLEY inquired of the Chair whether
it would be competent to close the doors of the hall
before the call had been commenced. He had no
idp.i that gentlemen who were not in their seats
when the roll was called, should be permitted to
come in afterwards.
The SPEAKER. It will not be competent to
close the doors until the roll has been called.
Mr. McKAY withdrew his demand for the yeas
and nays on the motion that there be a call of the
House.
And a call of the House was ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked gentlemen if they
once began this call, to go through with it. Mem-
bers not in their places, he was understood to say,
ous;ht to be fined.
Mr. HENLEY inquired of the Speaker, wheth-
er, by a vote of the House, it would not be com-
petent to close the doors before the roll was called.
The SPEAKER was under the impression (he
said) that by a vote of two-thirds it might be done.
Mr. HENLEY then moved a suspension of the
rules, in order that the doors might now be closed.
And the question being taken, the rules weie
suspended.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the motion for a call
of the House be laid on the table. The House
never did consummate it, and never would. It was
time spent in idie folly.
Mr. WENTWORTH insisted on the execution
of the order.
The question was first taken on the motion of
Mr. Pettit, and having been decided in the nega-
tive, the motion for a call of the House was not
laid on the tabic.
The doors of the Hall were then closed.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
After which, the Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
but had not completed it, when
Mr. G. W. JONES, remarking that this pro-
ceeding was all folly and nonsense, and that mem-
bers were coming down from the galleries into the
hall, moved that all further proceedings on the call
be dispensed with.
The motion, by ayes 77, noes 74, was agreed to.
So all further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with.
And the doors of the hall were again opened.
A quorum being now present,
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in commit-
tee.
And the question recurred on the motion of Mr.
G. S. HOUSTON, that the committee rise, (for
the purpose of adopting a resolution to close the
debate.)
Mr. STEPHENS called for tellers, who were
appointed.
And the vote having been taken, stood—ayes 77,
noes 46.
So the committee rose and reported.
Mr. GEO. S. HOUSTON offered a resolution,
in the usual form, providing that all debate on the
pension bill in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union should cease at three o'clock this day.
Mr. H. demanded the previous question; which
was seconded.
And the main question (on the adoption of the
resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. McHENRY asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
And then the resolution was adopted.
Whereupon, on the motion of Air. McKAY, the
House again resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brodhra.d
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
said bill.
The pending question was on the appeal taken
by Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN upon the decision
of the Chair.
Messrs. CHAPMAN, McDOWELL, Mc-
GAUGHEY, and TIBBATTS, [in explanation,]
spoke to the point of order.
After which, the question, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" was taken, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 102, noes 25.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Tibb \tts—
Mr. S. JONES moved an amendment to the
amendment, to add the following:
u Other than such proof as would be sufficient
4 to establish the marriage between the applicant
4 and the deceased pensioner, in civil cases, in a
* court of justice."
Mr. TIBBATTS accepted the amendment to
the amendment, and modified his proposition ac-
cordingly.
[But ten minutes now remained of the time al-
lotted to debate.]
Mr. WENTWORTH rose and remarked that
the time was so short, he would not make a speech,
but would give notice that to-morrow he would
call up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. COBB inquired of his colleague [Mr. Sea-
born Jones] if the amendment proposed by him
did not go to alter the existing law as to the proof
of marriage.
Mr. JONES replied that it did not. It merely
provided that the pi oof should be such as would
be deemed sufficient by the courts in civil cases.
Mr. COBB said if it did not alter the existing
law, it was unnecessary; if it did, it was out of
order, as proposing to create a new charge upon
the treasury.
Mr. JONES said that the Commissioner had
taken upon himself to establish a new law with re-
gard to the proof; his amendment provided that
he should be governed by the law under which
the courts of justice acted.
Mr. McKAY regretted that the amendment was
offered, before it had at least undergone the ex-
amination of one of the standing committees of the
House. It proposed a very important change.
He pointed out the objections to its several pro-
visions, and expressed the hope that the commit-
tee would let the provisions of the law, as it now
stands, remain unaltered.
Mi. COLLAMJ|R rose to address the Chair;
but two minutes ^mly remaining, he resumed his
seat.
Mr. Pv. CHAPMAN moved an amendment to
! the amendment of Mr. Tibbatt% as modified, to
add the following proviso:
j " Jlnd provided, also, That when the name of the
I 4 husband of any such widow is not upon the pen-
] ' sion roll, and the evidence of the service of such
! ' husband does not appear upon the books and
! 4 files of the War Department, no further proof
| 6 should be required of such widow to prove the
• 4 service than her own oath or affirmation of the
6 fact.15
Mr. McGAUGHEY rose to make a suggestion
to Mr. Tibbatts of some modification of his amend-
ment; but before he had finished it,
The CHAIRMAN'S hammer fell, indicating
i the termination^ the debate.
j The question was taken on the amendment to
i the amendment, (tellers having been asked by Mr.
I S. JONES, and refused,) and it was decided in
the negative.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment as
modified,
Mr. STEPHENS moved an amendment to the
amendment, to add thereto the following proviso:
u Provided, That upon a revision of the testi-
' mony in the case of the deceased husband, the
' Commissioner is satisfied that the pension was
' properly granted."
Tellers were asked by Mr. STEPHENS, and
ordered.
And the question being taken, the amendment to
the amendment was adopted—ayes 83, noes 63.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended, was taken, and decided in the affirmative
—ayes 97, noes 31.
So the amendment was adopted in the following
form:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no widow claim-
ing a pension, whose husbend was drawing a pen-
sion at the time of his decease, shall be required,
in any such case, to furnish any further evidence
that said husband was entitled to a pension; nor
shall any evidence in any ckse be required to enti-
tle the widow to a pension, when the evidence is
in the archives of the Government, other than such
proof as would be sufficient to establish the mar-
riage between the applicant and the deceased pen-
sioner in civil eases m a court of justice: Provided,
That upon a revision of the testimony in the case
of the deceased husband, the Commissioner be sat-
isfied that the pension was properly granted.
Mr. TILDEN moved a further amendment, as
follows:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the 4th section of
the act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846, and
for other purposes," shall not be so construed as to
apply to applications for pensions.
[The clause of the general appropriation bill re-
ferred to was called for, and read as follows:
<{ Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from,
and after the passage of this act, no account which
shall have been adjusted by the accounting officer
of the treasury shall be reopened without authori-
ty of law, nor shall the accounting officer of the
treasury act upon any account which shall not be
presented within six years from the date when the
claim first existed, unless the person having the
claim was an infant,"lunatic, orfemme covert, and
then within six years after the removal of the dis-
ability. Provided, That this section shall not ap-
ply to cases where special acts have been passed,
or shall pass, for the relief of individuals."]
Mr. GORDON raised a point of order against
the amendment, on the ground that it made an in-
creased charge upon the treasury in a manner not
authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and declared the amendment in order.
Mr. CHIPMAN was understood to suggest the
propriety of repealing the 4th section of the gen-
eral appropriation bill affected by this amendment,
but submitted no motion.
Mr. CULVER called for the reading-of the de-
cision of the Commissioner of Pensions under that
section of the law.
But objections were made.
Mr. HOLMES (in conformity with the sugges-
tion of Mr. Ciiipman) moved an amendment as a
substitute for the amendment proposed—the repeal
of the 4th section, (above given.)
Mr. RATHBUN raised a point of order against
the amendment to the amendment; but it was
overruled by the Chair: and
The question being taken, the amendment to the
amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the'amendment
of Mr. Tilden,
Mr. BELL moved to amend the amendment by
adding the following:
" Provided further, That said section shall not be
construed to apply to any claim for balances appa-
rent on the books of any of the departments of this
Government due from the Government to any per-
son or persons, unless such person or persons shall
have been notified by the officer having charge of
said books that such balance is so apparent, and
such person shall not apply for its payment within
one year from the time such notice is given."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to the
amendment out of order, as not relating to the sub-
ject of pensions.
Tellers having been called for and refused upon
the amendment,
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 75, nays 30;
No quorum voting.
Tellers were again asked and ordered; and,
The question being taken, the amendment was
adopted: yeas 107, nays not counted.
On motion, the committee then rose and reported
the bill and amendments to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
said amendments, and on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading,
The previous question was demanded, (by whom
the reporter could not learn;)
And, pending this motion,,
The House adjourned.
