THE CONGRESS
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1846.
New Series....No. 24.
The bill Was' laid aside to be reported to the
House, with, a' recommendation that it do not
Thebiil fc>r the relief of James Mains was taken
tip, but - laid over informally on the suggestion of
Mr. BELL, the gentleman who reported it (Mr
Moulton) not being at the moment in his seat.
The bill for the relief of James M. Wyman was
laid over informally for the same reason.
The bill for the relief of William McCauley was
taken up, and, without debate, was laid aside, to
be .reported to the House.
The bill for the relief of John Fieklin came up;
and., after a few suggestions from Messrs. TRUM-
BO, GROVER, and CROZIER, and the correc-
tion of a clerical error, the bill was laid aside, to
be reported to the House.
The committee then rose, and reported its ac-
tion.
The bill for the relief of James Davidson, and
The bill fgr the relief of George D.-Spencer,
Having been ordered to a third reading now,
were severally read a third time and passed.
The House concurred with the Committee of the
Whole in its recommendation that
The bili for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson
So not pass.
So the bill was rejected.
The bill for the relief of John Anderson coming
up on the question of engrossment,
Some discussion followed, in which Messrs.
VANCE, DANIEL", G. DAVIS, (in explanation,)
CHIPMAN, and RELFE, participated. '
Mr. WENT WORTH moved the previous ques-
tion, but withdrew the demand at the request of
9 Mr. THOMASSON, who spoke briefly in favor
ef the claim.
After a suggestion by Mr. VINTON orf a point
of law,
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
which prevailing,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Oliver Sewall and
■5S etlier«, of CliesterviHe, Mo., that the controversy in rela-
tion to Oregon may be submitted to arbitration jf it cannot
be settled by negotiation. Of Thomas Croswell and 35 others,
of Farmington, Me., of the same import.
By Mr I<A SE8JG: A memorial from the surviving volun-
teers and militia who assisted in the defence of 3Veiv Or-
leans in 1814 and 1815: referred to tiie Committee on the
Miiitia.
By Mr. DAVID 3. REIT): The petition of William Cau-
sey, of Guilford' eoiuity, N. C., a soldier of the lest war,
woan4e<l rn.de/ence of liis country, asking to be placcd on
the Invalid pension roll.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 16, 1846.
A. message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed several private bills. Also, that the Presi-
dent of the United States had notified the House
that he had signed and approved an act relative to
" collectors and other officers of the customs."
The Journal was read ar.d approved.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of War, accompanied by a
statement, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, of the measures which have been taken in
relation to the construction of defences at Key
West and the Straits of Florida, and an estimate of
the sum which will permit a rapid progress of the
fortifications at those places; which was read, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senate a
petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an
alteration of the Constitution so as to abolish
slavery in the United States; which was laid on
the table. . .
Also, a petition of merchants and others, citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the construction of
harbors on the eastern side of Reedy island, and
at Bomba hook, in the Delaware river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Eb-
enezer Whitten, praying compensation for his
clothing? and other property destroyed in 1814, by
the blowing up of the United States ship "Adams"
in the Penobscot river; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. F. presented a similar petition of William
Davis, in. behalf of himself and Simon Davis, de-
ceased; which was leferred to the same committee.
Mr. F. submitted an additional document in re-
lation to the petition of James Low; also addition-
al documents in relation to the petition of Ebenezer
Ballard; which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of Eli
Hinds, asoldier in the last war with Gieat Britain,
praying an increase of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. D1X presented petitions of citizens ofOnon-
daga and Yates counties, New York, praying the
abrogation of certain treaties with the Seneca In-
dians; which were referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of John S.
Gilbert and others, proposing ft) construct, at the
several naval stations of the United States, iron
balance floating ilry-docks for the use of the navy;
which was leferied to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. ARCHER presented five memorials of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, praying an amendment of
the naturalization laws, such as will require a resi-
dence of twenty-one years previous to acquiring
the rights of citizenship in the United Suites;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cayuga county, New York, piaying (he
abiogalion of certain treaties made with the Sene-
ca Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of members
of the Legislature of the Slate of Indiana, and other
citizens of that State, praying the removal of the
Land Office from Winmiac to Hjjifaester. in said
State; which was referred to tlic^Sjommiitce on
Public Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of Henry county, Missouri, praying that
an appropriation may be made for improving the
navigation of the western rivers; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. IJREiiSE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the petition ofNa-
hum Ward, reported a joint resolution providing
that the Secretary of the Treasury state, by the
next, session of Congress, whether the loan-office |
certificate claimed by the said JN'ahum Ward was
used for the benefit of the continental or other ser-
vice, and whether it should in justice or equity be
paid by the United States; which was read, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a joint resolution in relation to
the rendition of judgments against the United
States, in certain cases; which was read a first
time.
Mr. A., in accordance with the resolution above
referred to, asked that the Committee on the Ju- i
diciary be discharged from the further eonsidera- |
tion of the petition of the legal representatives of
Elcazer Ripley, and also the petition of Asa An-
drews.
Mr. DAYTON expressed the hope that the
committee would not be discharged, as requested,
until after action had been taken upon the joint
resolution; and moved that the motion to discharge
said committee lie on the table; which was agreed
to.
Mr. ASHLEY nioved that the Committee on
the Judiciary be discharged from the further con-
sideration of documents relative to the payment of
pensions presented on the 14th of January, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions: which was ordered.
Mr. A. iilso moved that the above committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of citizens of Philadelphia, in Relation to
a national Congress to settle all international diffi-
culties; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the chiefs and delegates of the Wyandotte In-
dians, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
to pay for improvements on the Wyandotte lands
in Ohio and Michigan, in accordance with a val-
uation made in pursuance of the fifth article of the
treaty between the United States and the Wyan-
dotte Indians, made at Upper Sandusky, March
17, 1842; which bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Samuel Putney and Hugh Riddle, repoi ted
a bill for their relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following bills from the House of Representatives,
viz;
An act to amend the act approved 2d of April,
1844, entitled " An act directing the disposition of
certain unclaimed goods, wares, and merchandise,
seized for being illegally imported into the United
States;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of Joseph Kemble; which
was read a first and second tune, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Also, an act for the relief of Simington Buffen-
berger, of Ohio; which was read a fiist and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, an act for the relief of James Davidson, of
Fentress county, Tennessee; which was read a
first and second tune, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Also, an act for the relief of George D. Spencer;
which was read a first and second time, and refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Also, an act declaratory of the powers, and le-
galizing certain acts, of the chief clerk of the Patent
Office; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Wm. D.
Cheever, deceased; which was read a third time
and passed.
Also, the bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Geonrc Duval, a Cherokee Indian; which
was read a third time and passed.
Also, a bill to repeal a partof the act entitled " An
act supplementary to the several laws for the sale
of the public lands," approved 5th of April, 1632,
and for other purposes; which was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
prior orders of the day be postponed, and that the
Senate resume the consideration of the " hill pro-
viding for the adjustment of all suspended pre-
emption claims in the several States.and Territo-
ries."
Mr. ATCHISON expressed the hope that the
regular order of business would not be interrupted,
but that the calendar would be proceeded with.
Mr. HUNTINGTON also was opposed to any
digression from the calendar, unless for good rea-
son. As to the bill in question, it was an impor-
tant one, and required a good deal of deliberation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said that it was
important that the bill which he proposed to take
up should be passed, not only to the State^ of
Louisiana, but to all the States and Territories.
It did not settle the claims referred to, but merely
provided for a commission who should settle
them.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone the prior orders, it was negatived.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he had ob-
served that a report had beed presented by the
committee this morning, on the claim of the Wy-
