870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, 16,
andotte Indians against the United States. That
bill, or rather the report, had been founded on a
petition of a portion of these Indians, setting forth
very clearly a statement of their case, with an ar-
gument upon it. He moved that the petition be
ordered to be printed with the report of the com-
mittee.
The motion was then put and adopted.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
"bill for the relief of Elijah White which was
read a second time, and being under consideration
as in committee of the whole,
Mr. PEARCE made a brief statement of the
facts presented by the claimant in this case, and
then proceeded to advert to the act of 1834, reg-
ulating intercourse with the Indian ^tribes, con-
feuding that White had no right to claim indem-
nity under it. White was not, in his (Mr. P.'s)
opinion, within the limits covered by that act
when the robbery was committed, and he had
failed m showing that he was "lawfully within"
the country.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
Mr. ATCHISON remarked that the business
hour had nearly expired, and moved that the bill
be laid on the table; which was ordered.
Mr. A. also moved that the Senate proceed to
the special order; which motion was agreed to.
OREGON THE NOTICE.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the consid-
eration of the special order of the day—the joint
resolution annulling and abrogating the convention
with Great Britain for the joint occupancy of Ore-
gon, and giving notice of the abrogation of the
same, and the amendments thereto.
The question pending being on the amendment
-moved by Mr. Crittenden to the joint resolu-
tion, as reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations,
Mr. HANNEGAN rose to address the Senate,
and said: I understand there are various proposi-
tions m relation to Oregon before the Senate, all
of which, if I correctly understand the rules of the
Senate, it will be in order for me to state, and to
refer to them.
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HANNEGAN proceeded. So far as the
resolution providing for the giving of the notice to
Great Britain is concerned, it is a matter of little
consequence to me whether the form of notice hold
out by the Committee on Foieign Relations, or the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, should prevail. Either the one or the other
would satisfy rae. I regtud the gi\ nig of the no-
tice, at the present session of Congress, as a meas-
ure fraught with the weightiest importance. I con-
sider it of the highest importance in several points
of view. It would be entirely unnecessary, how-
ever, for mc to discuss the various points; and,
indeed, that would be inconsistent witli the course
which I have proscribed for myself to-day. I de-
sire to speak to some other branches of this ques-
tion, particularly and especially to the resolutions
which I had the honor to submit to the Senate, and
the amendments, in the nature of a substitute for
them, which weie offered by the distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] I pre-
fer this course, for the simple reason that the reso-
lutions which I submitted bring the whole subject
of Oregon directly before the Senate. My first res-
olution declares our title to be good to the whole
country included within the limits of 42° and 54°
40', extending eastward to the Rocky mountains,
and thereby united to a great extent with our west-
ern frontier. I declare, by my second resolution,
that there is no power m this Government to alien-
ate the soil or transfer the allegiance of our citizens
to the dominion or control of any foreign Prince or
Power; and by the third resolution I state simply
the substance of them all. I declare it to be in di-
rect violation of the honor, character, and best in-
terest of the American people, to surrenfer that
which is clearly ours. As a substitute—as an
amendment to these resolutions—the Senator from
South Carolina has submitted the following: |
44 Strike out all after the word resolvedand in-
sert:
"That the President of the United States has
the power, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds
of the Senate present concur.
"Resolved, That the power of making treaties
embraces that of settling and fixing boundaries be-
tween the territories and. possessions of the United
States and those of other Powers, in cases of con-
flicting claims between them in refercncc to the
same.
"Resolved, That however clear their claims may
be, in their opinion, to the country included with-
in the parallels of 42 degrees and 54 degrees 40
minutes north latitude, and extending from the
Rocky mountains to the Pacific ocean, known* as
the territory'of Oregon, there now exists, and have
long existed, conflicting claims to the possession
of the same between them and Great Britain, the
adjustment of which lias been frequently the sub-
ject of negotiation between the respective Govern-
ments.
"Resolved, therefore, That the President of the
United States has rightfully the power under the
Constitution, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, provided that two-thirds of the mem-
bers present concur, to adjust by treaty the claims
of the two countries to the said territory, by fixing
a boundary between their respective possessions.
''Resolved, That the President of the United
States, in renewing the offer, in the spirit of peace
and compiomise, to establish the 49th degree of
north latitude os a line between the two countries
to the said territoiy, did not abandon the honor,
, the character, or the best interests of the American
| people, or exceed the power vested in him by the
Constitution to make treaties."
j As to the first of these resolutions, I have, I can
I have no earthly objection. I believe all that is
I substantial in it is in accordance with the letter
I and spirit of the Constitution. As to the last reso-
i lution, I have no answer to make to it. I shall
| not attempt to consider it iivany way. As to the
! second resolution of the Senator from South Caro-
| lma, it contains truths, undoubted truths, provided
! they suited the case. I desire the Senate to ob-
j serve that the Senator from South Carolina in this
i resolution, and throughout his resolutions, in fact,
j uses the word " claims 55 as applicable to the pre-
! tensions of both countries. I use the word " title "
I when speaking of the United States. I think his
' second resolution is utterly inapplicable here, from
the fact, as I consider, that it does not present the
question in its true attitude. We set up no claim,
but we assert a title. It is England who has set
up a claim. Till this hour she never has succeed-
ed in showing a title to one single foot; whilst,
upon the other hand, I hold that our negotiators,
our Executive departments, both bronches of Con-
gress, hundrcdsJw our fellow-citizens all over the
Union, have, at "various intervals, and in rapid
succession, made out and exhibited to the world
as clear a case of title to the country between the
42d and 54th degrees 40 minutes on the Pacific,
with the adjacent islands, as was ever made out
I to the soil and freehold of any country on earth;
l as clear as can be made out by any member of this
| body to the plantation on which stands his habita-
j tion.
! Without losing any time by prefatory remarks,
I will go at once into the evidence of the title
which has already been presented on several oc-
casions. Without stopping, in the course of my
remarks, to name the authority, I may now sim-
ply state, in advance, that the sources from whence
my information has been chiefly obtained are the
works of Humboldt on New Spain, the geogra-
phy of Malte Brun, the writings of several heads
of the State Department, and the speeches deliv-
ered in this body by some members still present,
and to some of which I shall have occasion par-
ticularly to refer before I conclude my remarks.
Humboldt asserts that the first discovery north of
California was made by a Spaniard in the year
1682, ten years ^before ihe discovery of the Strait
of Fuca, or Juan de Fuca. He is disposed to
treat the voyage of Juan de Fuca as apocryphal,
whilst at the same time he gives implicit credence
to the voyage made to the 57th parallel ten years
before by the Spaniard whose name he gives, "but
which I have forgotten—Francisco something. A
more modern examination, and the concurrence of
all authorities at this day, have attached authen-
ticity to the voyage of Juan do Fuca, however
much doubted by Humboldt. I believe that those
who have discussed the title of late have had no
hesitation m giving the fullest credence to the state-
ments of his voynge as made by himself and pub-
lished by another individual. This voyage was
performed in 1G93. Subsequent to that time, and
up to the period of 1774, Spain continued, on va-
rious occasions to send mariners jnto the^e seas asr'
high north as the parallels of 55° and 57°.' It is
unnecessary to recite them. But in the year 1774
occurred the first great voyage upon which the
title is now asserted by this country, and which
title some high authorities amongst us' bold-to be
unquestionable. And so, in my humble Judg-
ment, it is, Perez, in 1774, by the authority of
the Spanish Government, proceeded as high north
as between 55° and 56°. He touched upon the
northwest coast of Washington island—traded
with the natives—took possession in the name of
the King of Spain—coasted down it and on to
Vancouver's island and along its coast, landing
and holding intercourse with the natives at differ-
ent points of the main land,and was the first white
man who anchored his vessel in what is now called
Nootka Sound, which was christened by him Port
San Lorenzo, in honor of the saint on whose
natal day it was first seen. Returning home to
Monterey, with this account of his voyage, the
Spanish viceroy, Bucaidi, two yeais afterwards,
fitted out an expedition, the command of which
was given to Captain Bruno Heceta, who was ac-
companied by this same Perez, and they proceed-
ed to the parallel of 57° north. They erected
monuments, afrixed to them inscriptions, raised
crosses, traded with the natives, took*possession
(in the name of the King of Spain) at every point
from 57° north along the coast wherever th^y
landed.
Now, this was two years before the voyage of «
Captain Cook, on whose discoveries England has.
I', latterly rested her claim solely. She once rested
j! her claim on the discovery of Sir Francis-Drake;
but history gives us sufficient assurance that the
h claim of the discoveries of such a renowned'free-
'j hooter—for he was nothing mrtre, and whose ob-
I ject was pillage-and plunder, not discovery and
acquisition of new territory—is altogether apoc-
ryphal. It is doubtftjl to this moment whether
he ever was as high north as 48°. In opposition
' to this claim, England now comes in with the dis-
coveries ef Cook. She has, for years past, aban-
doned all pretence of claim on' the ground of the
discoveries of Sir Francis Drake. -She claims un-
der the discoveries of Cook, the .Nootka Sound
convention, and the voyage of Vancouver. Cook,
in his own journal, admits that, before he sailed
from England, the account of this last voyage,
published by Quadra, had met his eye in London;
consequently, by his own testimony, the claim
under his alleged discovery is not sustained. Well, '
then, she claims under the Nootka Sound conven-
tion. What was its origin? An Englishman,
named Meares, came to Oregon in the year 1789,
and erected a hut or two fbr the purpose of repair-
ing a vessel, or making a temporary stay with the
design of trading. The Spaniards made a settle-
ment there, in the name of their sovereign, claim-
ing the country. Shortly afterwards, an English
vessel, commanded by an individual named ,
came into Nootka Sound, and found his ship in
such a condition that it was necessary to repair it.
He proceeded to the erection of huts; when the
Spanish authorities seized upon him and his ves-
sel and his cargo, confiscated them, and sent him
a prisoner to Mexico, or to Monterey, (I do not
recollect which,) within the jurisdiction of the
Spanish dominions. Upon this statement being
made to the British Government, a remonstrance
was immediately forwarded to the Spanish Gov-
ernment; and the reply was, that the English sub-
jects had trespassed upon the dominions of Spain.
England armed, and threatened instant hostilities
with Spain, unless she would give redress, not
only for the injury done to the property, fotit for
the assault upon her honor. What was the result?
Spam, then controlled by Charles the Fourth, who
was himself controlled by the infamous Godoy,
the Prince of Peace of Spam, instead of submitting
to these arrogant demands of England, applied
{ directly, under the family compact, to France for -
| assistance in the maintenance of her nationa!-
j rights. She appealed to all Europe in justification
j of that assertion of her title which common con-
I sent had conceded to her from the first discovery
| of that portion of the coast of North America,
j What was the reply of France? That she was
I ready to discharge her obligations under the fam-
i ily compact, and was prevented from doing^ so
I only hy that terrible condition of affairs, which,
' some two or three years afterwards, resulted in the
