1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
catur, of Hull, of Perry, McDonough, Porter, the
Jone'ses, and a glorious host besides. They know
that, although 'England may have a hundred guns
to our one, we have a reliance equal to her on the
larave and high-minded and 'honorable men who
serve the, United States, which has given them the
rank they are entitled to occupy. The Senator
from_ Delaware quoted the words of the great
English monarch when about to set out on the in-
vasion of France; but he certainly did not learn
the rules of warfare from Henry V. He might
have learned his duty, however, from the conduct
of that prince in a case not dissimilar to the pres-
ent. When Henry V. found that his cause was
good, that the title to a disputed territory was clear,
did he hesitate to carry the war into France? No;
the order was to march to the renowned field of
Agincourt—a field which can never be forgotten,
the most glorious England ever saw—where her
forces fought one to ten against the French, and
conquered th-em. Nor does the Senator learn his
rules of warfare from the first of Romans, and the
greatest of men, the great Julius, who,had he been
governed by such rules, would have left the glories
of Pharsalia to his rival Pompey. Nor did he
iearn in the school of the great Frederick, nor of
Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, nor Stanislaus,
nor Kosciusko, nor Napoleon, noi our own immor-
tal Washington. No, sir, he learnt from these the
rules of contest in a struggle for right.
Mr. President, on looking over the course which
has been pursued by the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina on this question, I must con-
fess that I find some inconsistencies which I can-
not easily reconcile. Three years ago last month—
the 24th of January, 1843—he opposed measures
to take possession of Oregon on the ground of the
expense. Hear him:
" But we are told the expense will be small—not
' exceeding one or two hundred thousand dollars.
' Let us not be deceived. What this bill appro-
' priates is but the entering wedge. Let it pass,
' and no one can tell what it will cost. It will de-
' pend, on circumstances. Under the most favor-
' able, on the supposition that there will be no
' resistance on the part of Great Britain, it would
'amount to millions; but if she should resist, and
' we should make it a question of force, 1 hazard
' nothing in saying it would subject the country to
' heavier expenditures, and expose it to greater
' dangers, than any measure which has ever re-
• ceived the sanction of Congress."
Yss, sir, he opposed the measure on the ground
of the expense that would be incurred. The prop-
osition was, that the expense would not exceed
some $100,000 or $200,000, but the Senator esti-
mated it at millions; and then he, in order to obvi-
ate that, proposed the very measure which he now
opposes—the extension of our laws over Oregon.
I cannot, for the life of me, understand what this
course on the part of the Senator from South Caro-
lina indicates, unless it be decided and deadly hos-
tility to the acquirement of any territorial rights in
Oregon beyond that naked title which we hold—
opposition to the reduction to our possession of
any portion of it. The Senator from South Caro-
lina, with that great ability which usually charac-
terizes him, presented on the occasion to which I
have just now alluded a most graphic view of the
financial condition of the country at that time. He
truly represented it as being on the road to ruin—
embarrassed at, every point, and sinking deeper
and deeper at every step. One of the chief causes
of that depressed condition was represented by the
Senator, and properly represented, to be an oppres-
sive system of taxation. But a different state of
things exists now. Happily, for once the predic-
tions of the Senator have not been realized. The
nation is now in a state of unexampled prosperity;
and the cause of that is to be found in the salutary
condition of the currency, just as the reverse was
the cause of former prostration. Well, then, if
the giving of the notice was the proper course in
1843—if it should necessarily precede the adoption I
of measures to take possession—why is it that we !
cannot promptly give the notice now ? I
The Senator from South Carolina suggests a I
different plan. Pie prefers leaving it to the opera- j
tion of time—to the silent and quiet encroachments !
of our hardy and enterprising people to acquire j
that possession for us: and does not every gentle- !
man know that while our hardy and enterprising-j
people are pressing on according to the plan of the j
Senator from South Carolina, they are exposing ■
themselves to great difficulties without the protec-
tion of American laws and American tribunals?
If that state of things continues, is it not clear that
we will soon have many repetitions of the Caro-
line affair ? But will not England see the course
of'this country if it adopts that recommended by
the Senator from South Carolina? Is it not her
custom to be ever on her guard, watching an op-
portunity to press her claims—claims however
feeble and weak? I appeal to the Senator himself
—I invoke that patriotic spirit which animates his
bosom—I ask him, with all solemnity, what course
does he regard as most likely to redound to the
honor of the country, and to the promotion of its
sacred rights? Which will read best on the imper-
ishable page of history, the direct, and bold, and
prompt progress to our object, or the slow and
stealthy? But let me pause. I will not use that
term. I will not so characterize any Sourse of
conduct recommended by the Senator from South
Carolina. For him I entertain unmingled venera-
tion. His great character, identified as it is with
many most glorious scenes in the history of my
country for the last thirty years, I never can cease
to admire. Never hand of mine will be outstretch-
ed in the vain attempt to shake a single laurel from
that venerable brow. I venerate him for his vir-
tues—for his patriotism—for his lofty intellect—
for the spotless purity of his whole private life, on
which the future Plutarch of his country will de-
light to dwell, and from retarding which slander
itself—
" -who^e breath
Hides on the posting; wind, and dotli belie
All corncrs of tile world—"
shrinks cowering and abashed. And if I might be
permitted to oiler an aspiration in connexion with
his future career, it would be to the effect that no-
thing will ever be done by him to mar that brightly
illumined page which the record of his public life
will fill. 1 will not, I cannot use in this connexion
the word stealthy, or any word that could possi-
bly give offence to the Senator from South Caro-
lina. Let me, then, apply the term cu-cvMous to
that line of policy which he has thought proper to
recommend on this question. And I ask, how
would it read in after times, that the first chapter
of the American history was occupied by the reci-
tal of the glorious and successful struggle of a
handful of colonists with the greatest Power of the
world in the resistance of an unjust tax, whilst the
second chapter was blurred and blotted by the sad,
sad story of the mean and c owardly submission of
the descendants of that same race of heroic men,
when they had grown up to number twenty mil-
lions, and occupied the first rank in the scale of
nations? I trust no such chapter will ever dis-
grace our national annals. Such a chapter must
not—will not—he written !
A word or two now about arbitration, which oc-
cupies the attention of a portion of the press. The
rejection of that proposition by the President meets
with decided disapprobation in some quarters, and
I understand that—I speak now of a portion of the
public press, not of the opinion of any honorable
Senator; but with the people, so far from weak-
ening the strength of the Administration, that act
has added to it new vigor and power, if that had
been necessary. To arbitrate—what ? A ques-
tion in which we assert there is no dispute. Sub-
mit to arbitration, as in the case of the Maine con-
troversy, when a crowned head, with all imagin-
able gravity, decided that a certain line should
be drawn from the most northeasternmost point,
although the treaty originating the dispute which
he had professedly taken up decided that that line
should be drawn from the most northwestern
branch of the river. Just imagine a man who has
purchased a farm from his Government, and for
which he holds a patent, consenting, when a pow-
erful and wealthy neighbor makes a claim to his
property, to submit the matter to arbitration!
What opinion would you entertain of the common
sense of that obliging and accommodating dispu-
tant? As to the submission of the case to a se-
lect board of arbitration, that is most absurd. Is
it not likely that the wealth and resources of the
powerful neighbor would be directed to the not
very honorable but subtle policy of addressing
certain arguments to the arbitrators, not unlikely
to prove very satisfactory and sound to some of
them? The country, sir, sustains the President
in this wise and proper rejection of the offer of ar-
bitration. Our claim is settled. We cannot con-
sent to submit it to any arbiter. There is another
point in the course of the Senator from South
Carolina, to which I would allude: I mean his
course on the Texas question, as contrasted with
his course on this Oregon question. He now
stands before his country in the leadership of what
is called the policy of peace. " Peace, peace,
peace—everything that is honorable for peace," is
the cry. When the question of the annexation
of Texas was pending, the honorable Senator, it
appears to me, did not hold peace as so pre-emi-
nently valuable. I refer in proof to his letter—
his celebrated letter—a letter not likely to be for-
gotten—to Mr. King, our Minister at Paris. The
tone and spirit of that letter must have been of-
fensive in the highest degree to Great Britain. If
war comes out of"this Oregon question, for my o v/n
part 1 should not be surprised if that letter would
bo found lying at the foundation of it. It was
shortly after its appcarance that the British Gov-
ernment commenced the augmentation of the de-
fences of that country. The Senator from South
Carolina then planted himself on the highest pos-
sible grounds. Yet he now oilers to buy off Eng-
land by five and a half degrees m Oregon! So far
as the power to make treaties is concerned, it is
peculiarly the sovereign power of the State. Wher-
ever the power of the sovereign is not delegated,
as in Russia and Turkey, of course the. exercise
of all power is unlimited—the Government is ab-
solute. The only recognised will there is that of
the Czar, or the Autocrat, or the Emperor, or the
Sultan. In constitutional monarchies, like those
of England and France, it is different. There,
power is, m some degree, limited. But where the
treaty-making power in England and France be-
gins, and where it ends, I cannot, for the life of
me, discover. In the mixed form of the British
Government, where the monarchical and aristo-
cratical principles alternately prevail, there are
certain checks, it is true; but these checks are
those of the one branch of the Government against
the other, and for all essential purposes they are
; discretionary. There is no power, however ar-
bitrarily exercised on the part of the Government-,
in England, which cannot be justified under the
British constitution, by analogy, at any rate, if not
by precedent drawn from some portion of the tor-
tuous, dark, and troubled history of the country.
Whenever the case demands it, the use of the
word necessity is made to stifle every murmur, and
subdue every manifestation of insulted right. For-
tunately, a different state of things prevails here.
All power—no matter on whom conferred—is be-
stowed from the same source; and the exercise oft
all power has its settled and defined limits—not
the slightest room for the play of that plea used
either by the tyrant or demagogue—necessity.
The Constitution of the United States is to be in-
terpreted by the same rules that are applied to
all other laws. It is by an examination of the
context that we ascertain the spirit and meaning
of the instrument itself; and fortunately for us, for
the hopes of liberty, and mankind, the Constitur
tion of the United States contains, as a portion of
its context, the following definition and restric-
tions of the exercise of all the powers which it
creates:
" The powers not delegated to the United States
' by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
' States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
' to the people."—Article 10th, Amendments.
Here is an express limitation of power, beyond
which we cannot go. Now, then, for my second
resolution. Where is the authority; where is the
power under the Federal Constitution, to alienate
the soil, or to transfer the allegiance of the citizens
of the United States' Does the Constitution bestow,
by implication, the power upon the President or
the Senate to do so > Does the instrument give to
any other branch of the Government a power tran-
scending that bestowed upon the others ? Why,
if it were so, ours would be no longer a limited
government. It is not a question of boundary, be-
cause, efs I have shown, we have a title, England
has none. The question of boundary is but a pre-
text to hide the real object. It is raised simply be-
cause England, powerful and formidable as she is,
demands, and expects us to give. It is true, sir,
that war is a great calamity. But the lessons of
history are all false, its moral but an idle tale, if
there are not greater calamities which can fall upon
men and nations than a war. One of the greatest
calamities, sir, is a purchased and disgraceful peace
