1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Mr. Gr. DAVIS asked for the yeas and nays;
"which were ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS desired to be informed by the
Chair, whether such a bill had been reported to the
House?
The SPEAKER said the Chair could not inform
the gentleman.
But the Clerk (replying through the Speaker)
said no such bill had been reported.
Mr* HARALSON wouldlike to inquire (hesaid)
whether the committee had made a report ?
Mr. McKAY said the committee had made no
report.
The SPEAKER said this discussion was not in
order.
Mr. THOMASSON. I would like to be in-
formed whether such a project has been submitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and wheth-
•er the chairman objects to its printing?
Mr, McKAY, not hearing the question, advan-
ced down the aisle for the purpose of ascertaining
what it was; when
The SPEAKER said these interrogatories were
not in order, the-Clerk having commenced the call
of the roll.
The question " Shall the resolution be laid on
the table?" was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Bayly, Bedinger, Benton, Biggs, James Black,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Brockenbrough, Brod-
head, William G. Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman,
Clark, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Erd-
man, Faran, Fickliii, Poster, Giles, Goodyear,
Gftrdon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson,
Henley, Hoge, IsaacE. Holmes, Hopkins,Hough,
George S. Houston, E. W. Hubard, Hunsrerford,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, James H. John-
son, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
"W. Jones, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake, La
Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, McClelland, MeClernand,
McDowell,' McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay
Martin, Morris, Wiven, Owen, Parish, Payne,
Pernll, Phelps, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Rhett, Rit-
ter, Roberts, Sawyer, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, St. John, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Tredway, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, W ood ward, Yancey, Yell,
and Yost—103.
NAYS—-Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Blancli-
ard, Milton Brown, Buffington, William W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G.
Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier,
Culver, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Edsall,
Edwin H. Ewing, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Grinnell, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, E.
B. Holmes, S. I). Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
D. P. King, Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Long,
McGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Pendleton, Ramsey, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thomas-
son, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop,
and Wright—69.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
[A- message was received from the Senate, by
A. Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
of the passage of certain bills.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
K. Walker, Esq., his private secretary.]
Mr. TIBBATTS offered a resolution providing
that the bill making appropriations for certain har-
bors and rivers be made the special order of the
day for Monday next, and that it take precedence
of all other business.
And on this resolution Mr. T. demanded the
previous question.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that there be a
call of the House, and asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired of the Speaker whether
the resolution, as it related to priority of business,
would not require a vote of two-thirds ?
The SPEAKER so decided.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. G. S. Houston, and it was decided in the
negative.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. NORMS moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson Ar-
nold, Barringer, Bell, Benton, James A. Black,
Brockenbrough, William G. Brown, Augustus A.
Chapman, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cranston, Cul-
lom, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, Dobbin, Picklin,
Gordon, Graham, Grover, Haralson,Harmanson,
Harper, Hilliard, Hoge, Hopkins, George S.B
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King,
Leake, La Sere, Lumpkin, MeClernand, McCon-
nell, McHenry, McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay
Martin, Niven, Norris, Parish,Payne,Price, Reid,
Rhett, Roberts, John A. Rockwell, Seaman, Sed-
don, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, St.
John, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Tred-
way, Wheaton, Woodward, and Yancey—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John CI. Adams, Ash-
mun, Baker, Blanchard, Bowlin, Brodhead, Milton
I Brown, William W. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart,
' John G. Chapman, Chipman, Cocke, Crozier,
Culver, Cummins, Cunningham, Darragh, Gar-
rett Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Doug-
lass, Dunlap, Edsall, Erdman, Edwin H. Ewing,
Faran, Foster,-Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Good-
year, Grinnell, Hampton, Henley, Herrick, Elias
t>. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, Hough, Samuel
D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, "Washington
; Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, .To-
i scph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, [Daniel P. King, T.
i Butler King, Lewis, Ligon, Long, McCIellnnd,
! McDowell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mil-
| ler, Morris, Moseley, Owen, Perrill, Phelps, Ram-
| sey, Rathbun, Julius Rockwcll, Root, Runk, Rus-
| sell, Sawyer, Schenck, Severance, Truman Smith,
i Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
; Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens,
Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benja-
, min Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman,
| Tibbatts, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth,
! White, Wick, Winthrop, Wood, Wright, Yell,
and Yost—101.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question,
i Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved that there be
! a call of the House.
! Which motion was rejected.
j The question then again recurring on the demand
i for the previous question; it was taken, and the
j vote stood ayes 64, noes 50.
! So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
I taken.
| Mr. HARALSON asked the yeas and nays
i thereon, which were ordered.
And the question " Shall this resolution be
adopted?" was then taken, and decided in the
negative as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ash-
mun, Baker, Blanchard, Bowlin, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, William G. Brown, Binfmgton, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cath-
cart, Chipman, Cocke, Crozier, Culver, Cummins,
Cunningham, Darragh, Garrett Davis, DeMott,
Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erd-
man, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran, Foster, Gentry,
Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Grinnell, Harper,
Henley, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, Hough, Sam-
uel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Joseph R. Ingcisoll, Jenkins, Joseph John-
| son, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler King, Leib,
i La Sere, Lewis, Levin, Ligon, Long,McClelland,
j McDowell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
; Moseley, Owen, Perrill, Phelps, Price, Ramsey,
' Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk,
; Russell, Sawyer, Schenck, Seaman, Severance,
: Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Ca-
: leb B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens,
j Strohm, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomasson,
• Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Thur-
' man, Tibbatts, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Went-
! worth, White, Wick, Williams, Winthrop,
j Wright, Yell, Young, and Yost—107.
I NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Bar-
' ringer, Beddinger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James A.
Black, Brockenbrough, John G. Chapman, Au-
gustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Clarke,
Cobb, Collin, Cranston, Cullom, Daniel, Jeffer-
son Davis, Dobbin, Ficklin, Garvin, Gordon,
Graham, Grover, Haralson, Harmanson, Hilliard,
Jioge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, George S.
Houston, E. W. Hubard, Hunter, Andrew john-
son, Preston King, Leake, Lumpkin,MeClernand,
McConnell, McHenry, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barclay Martin, Niven, Norris, Parish, Payne,
Reid, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Seddon, Alexander
D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Jacob
Thompson, Toombs, Tredway, Wheaton, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodward, and Yancey—64
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
resolution was rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked leave to offer another
resolution.
Objected to; the rule allowing a member to offer
only one, except by consent.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING asked that the mes-
sage from the President, before noted, might bo
read. Objected to.
Mr. E. H. EWING (the rules having been sus-
pended for the purpose) introduced the petition of
W. H. Mason; which was appropriately referred.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the folio wing resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Whereas a bill entitled a bill reducing the duties
on imports, and for other purposes, has been laid
before the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House by the Secretary of the Treasury, imbo-
dying his views in relation to the tariff as contain-
ed in his late annual report to Congress: And where-
as it is the parliamentary privilege of every mem-
ber of this House to be present at the session of
any committee thereof, and to be cognizant of their
proceedings and of all matters submitted to the
consideration of such committee: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to communicate to the Clerk
of this House a copy of said bill so furnished by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and that the Cleik
cause the usual number thereof to bo printed for
the use of the members.
Mr. REID moved that the resolution be laid on
the table.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
After a brief conversation on a point of order be-
tween Mr. McCLERNAND and the SPEAKER,
The question was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bayly, Bedinger,
Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowlin, Brocken-
brough, Brodhead, William G.Brown, Burt, Cath-
cart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom,
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jefferson Davis,
De Mott, Dobbin, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erd-
man, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Garvin, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson,
Henley, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, Geo.
S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, J. H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, GeovW. Jones,
S.Jones, Preston King, Leib, La Sere, Ligon,
Lumpkin, McClelland, MeClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, B. Martin,
Moms, Norris, Parish, Payne, Perrill, Phelps,
Price, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Rus-
sell, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, A. D. Sims, L.
H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Sykes, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,Tibbatts,
Tredway, Wentworth,Wheaton,Williams,Wood-
ward, Woodworth, Yancey, and Yell—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Ar-
nold, Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Blanchard,
Milton Brown, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston,
Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockery,
Edwin H. Ewing, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Grinnell, Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, Elias B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
DanielP. King, Lewis, Levin, Long, McGaughey,
McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley,
Pendleton, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rock-
well, Root, Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,Thi-
bodeaux, Thomasson, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
White, Winthrop, Woodruff, Wright, and Young
—66.
