876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fet>.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
and importance of constructing fortifications at St.
Mary's, on the Potomac, and at Thomas's Point,
in the Chesapeake, as estimated and projected by
the board of engineers, and reported November 14,
1822, and by the Engineer Department in Novem-
ber, 1825.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS offered the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to report a bill re-
storing- to the Postmaster General and deputy post-
masters the franking privilege.
Which was read, and debate arising, it was laid
over.
On motion of Mr. LA SERE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into, and report upon, the
defences necessary to protect the coast of the Uni-
ed States along the Gulf of Mexico, and to com-
mand the various approaches to the city of New
Orleans.
Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS,
Resolved, That the Postmaster General report to
this House, with as little delay as possible, at
what rate per annum the expenses of the post
office in Washington City have been increased in
consequence of keeping an account of the free
"mailable matter received at said office, what in-
crease there has been in the number of clerks in
oaid office since the appointment of the present
postmaster, and what increase there has been in
the expenses of said office since his appointment;
and also, that lie state the reason why the evening
mail of members of the House of Representatives
is not now delivered at as early an hour as at for-
mer sessions.
On motion of Mr. HARPER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions inquire into the expediency of increasing
the pension of Jeremiah Sims, of Perry county,
Ohio, a revolutionary soldier.
On motion of Mr. McDOWELL,
'Rpsolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the law reorganizing the Naval depait-
ment of the United States, approved 33st Aup.ust,
1842, as to-authorize the appointment of civilians
to discharge the duties assigned by said law to the
several bureaus created by the same, instead of
officers of the na\y; and report to this House by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. FARAN offered the following resolution;
which was laid on the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to this House, at the earliest practicable pe-
riod, the names of the several depositaries of the
public moneys since the repeal of the law usually
denominated the sub-treasury law; the amounts
deposited, the times when deposited, the securi-
ties taken from the said several depositaries, the
transfers from one depositary to another, the
amounts transferred, and the times when transfer-
red in reference to these depositaries, their names,
services, or compensation.
On motion'of Mr. CUNNINGHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law that the Postmas-
ter General shall, in contracting for carrying llie
mails, so contract as to prohibit mail contractors
from running opposition stages or post-coaches for
the transportation of passengers on the mail-route
of any other contractors; and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARMANSON gave notice of amotion
for leave to introduce a bill to cede all the public
lands lying within the parishes in Louisiana front-
ing on the Mississippi river on its west bank, com-
mencing at the Arkansas line, and running down
the river to the parish of Iberville, to those par-
ishes as a levelling fund.
On motion of Mr. THIBODEAUX,
Resolved, That the resolution of the House of
the 13th January, inquiring of the Secretary of the
Treasury whether frauds have not been committed
on the revenue laws by the importation of syrups
as molasses, &C., and the answer of the Secretary
of the Treasury thereto, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with instructions to
inquire whether such frauds have been commit-
ted.
Mr. IIENLEY offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That from this day, the hour to which
the House shall stand adjourned daily shall be
eleven o'clock, a. m., until otherwise ordered by
the House.
"Which was read, and debate arising thereon, it
was laid over.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Hills-
borough to Canton, in Mississippi.
Resolved, further, That the same committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a post-route from Greensboro5, by Kosciusko,
Caithage, Raleigh, Williamsburg, Columbia, Pearl -
ingion, to Mississippi city, in the State of Missis-
j sippi. *
j Mr. JEFFERSON DAYIS gave notice for leave
j to introduce a bill for a grant of land to construct
j a levee near the bank of the Mississippi river, and
extending from the mouth of the Yazoo river to
the Tennessee line.
Mr. VANCE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House a copy of
the bill prepared by him, entitled "A bill reducing
the duties on imports, and for other purposes,
which he has submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and which purpoits to imbody his
views in relation to a revenue tariff.5'
Which was read, and laid upon the table one
day under the rule.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. CATH-
CART asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill to grant the rights of pie-emption to actual set-
tlers on the lands acquired by treaty from the Mi-
ami Indians, in Indiana; which bill was read, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. C. B. SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the effectual prevention of
the sale of lottery tickets within the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. PARISH,
Resolved, That the President communicate to
this House, so far as consistent with the public
'i welfare, any and all information in his possession
!i touching the interference of Great Britain in the
j! affairs of the Argentine Confederacy, and the ex-
j, isliiig difficulties on the Plate; and also touching
!; the mediation proposed by the charge d'affaires of
!j this Government, and the effect produced on neu-
| tral commerce in South America by the recent
[ interference of England and France in the affairs
of this continent.
Laid over.
On motion of Mr. ST. JOHN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to this House such informa-
tion as may be in possession of the Bureau of Top-
ographical Engineers, touching the comparative
advantages and disadvantages of the several points
on Lake Erie for the establishment of a naval de-
pot on said lake.
On motion of Mr. NORRIS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of paying
■ Samuel Perry the amount deducted from a freight
bill under a contract with McClure & Co. for
transportation of Indian stores, and an additional
amount claimed for detention, and the expenses
incurred thereby.
Mr. SAWYER offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That House bill regulating the ap-
pointment of certain officers be made the special
order of the day for Monday next.
Which was read, and debate arising, it was laid
upon the table.
Mr. CROZIER offered the following, which was
laid upon the table one day, under the rule:
Resolved, That the engineer-in-chief of the topo-
graphical corps, Colonel J. J. Abert, be requested
to transmit to this House such reports of surveys
of the Tennessee river as may belong to his bureau,
now in manuscript, and that the «ani© be printed
for the tse of this House, - - -
Mr. COCKE gave notice of a motion to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of Isaac MeBee, a revolu-
tionary soldier.
Mr. VINTON offered ihe following, which was
read, and debate arising, it was kid over:
Resolved, That fchejomt resolution to amend the
Constitution of the United States be made the spe-
cial order of the day for Wednesday, the 25th of
February instant, at one o'clock, p. m., and that it
then have preference over other business.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr, T. B 
KING obtained leave, and introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of the representatives of John
Habersham, deceased; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. PENDLETON gave notice of a motion fbr
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of James
Green, a revolutionary soldier.
On motion of Mr. J. P. MARTIN, -
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency'^
and propriety of establishing a national foundry at
the falls of Cumberland river, in Kentucky.
On motion of Mr. G. W. J,ONESr
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of ceding to the State of Virginia the county
of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, and
also of ceding to the State of Maryland the county
of Washington, in said District, and that they re-
port by bill or otherwise,
Mr. DIXON offered the following resolution:-
Resolved by the Senate and House cfJUejirccentutives
of the United States cf Jimerica in Congres$ assenibled,
That one set of all the works of which copies Ijave
been distributed to universities and colleges, be also1
distributed to incorporated historical societies.
Which resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HUNGERFORD offered the following re-
solution
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House of the gross amount
of money received from customs in each collection
district in the United States for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30th, 1845, and the expenses paid in each
district attending the collection, of the revenue for
the same period, and a detailed statement of all
other payments from said revenue, if any, which
went to reduce the same to the nett amount stated
in his annual report.
Which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. W. G. BROWN,
Resolved, That the Posimaster General be, and
he is hereby, requested to furnish this House with
a statement showing how often the public mail on
the Cumberland road has been interrupted by the
impassable condition of the Ohio nver at Wheelings
since the 1st January, 1840.
On motion of Mr, J. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post-route from DeKalb,
in the county of Gilmer, to Harrisville, in the coun-
ty of Ritchie, m the State of Virginia.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire and report
on the expediency of introducing into the Post Of-
fice laws a provision for the prepayment of po$t-
age, and the charge of double postage w&en it is
not previously paid.
Which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr GRAHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee of Wayg and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of directing the United States mint and its
branches to convert all foreign coin, which'is or
may be owned by the General Go^rnxneat,'ink>
the legal coin of ihe United States. "
On morion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Resolvedt That the Committee on pie Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post-route week-
ly from Salisbury, North Carolina, crossing the
Yadkin river at Brmgle's Ferry, by Jackson Hill,
thence to Wind Hill, Harrisville, and kawreftce-
ville, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
