1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOSE.
377
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding additional light on the Cape Pear river,
North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. CULVER,
Resolved, That the petition and papers of Thom-
as Showdy, praying for a remuneration for im-
prisonment, &.c., be taken from the files of the
House and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. EBSALL presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey relative to the
act of Congress of March 2d, 1827, concerning pi-
lots; which resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. McILVAINE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania relative to the Alle-
ghany, Ohio, and Mississippi rivers; which reso-
lutions were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. POSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire whether or not law-
office certificate dated May, 1779, for $400, has been
paid or not; and if not, to report a hill for the pay-
ment of the same to Or. J. Gilpin, the present
owner.
On motion of Mr. R ATHBUN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of extending the provisions of an act passed
July 7, 1838, in relation to the widows of revolu-
tionary officers and soldiers, to the widows of all
revolutionary officers and soldiers. ®
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to furnish to this House certified copies
of the papers on file in the office of the Secretary
of the Treasury, relative to the claims of Zenus
King, for services rendered to the. Government.
On motion of Mr. ANDERSON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to furnish this House with certified copies of
the papers on file in the Pension Office, in support
of the petition of Fieelove Waid, widow of In-
crease Waid.
Mr. SEAMAN gave notice of amotion for leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of James Jaies.
Mr. W. HUNT gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a joint resolution to amend the
Constitution of the United States.
On motion of Mr. WOOD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill for the construction of a depot for
the preservation of gunpowder, recommended by
General Scott, and Colonels Totten and Talcott,
in their report to the Secretary of War, at the 2d
session of the 27th Congiess.
On motion of Mr. P. KING,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Ant-
werp, in Jefferson county, New York, by the way
of Shingle Creek, Fowler, Fullersville, Edward
Rufield's, to Causon, St. Lawrence eounty, New
York.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved the following
resolution; which lirs over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy fur-
nish this House the following information, in tab-
ular or other convenient form, with as little delay
as possible:
' 1. What number of naval officers are waiting
orders, including those of all grades, from captain
down to midshipman, both inclusive: the amount
of pay each officer of each grade receives per an-
num while waiting orders; and the total amount
that each officer of each grade has received since
waiting orders up to the end of the last fiscal year.
2. State the amount of money that has been paid
out of the treasury to officers belonging to the navy
in waiting orders since the peace of Ghent, up to
the end of the last fiscal year; at present what por-
tion do the officers of the navy bear to the sailors
and seamen of the navy; if all ships of the navy j
fit for service were in commission, and all the offi- J
cers of the navy ordered into service, what number j
of each grade of officers would be assigned to each j
ship in service. I
3. If the efficiency of the naval service demands t
a reduction of the number of officers in active ser-^y
vice or waiting orders, what provision of law is
necessary to enable the Secretary to effect such a
reduction, with a due regard to its efficiency in
time of peace, and to what extent could such re-
duction be carried through the different grades of
office in the navy at the present time,.having a re-
gard to a peace establishment only.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. CULYER
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the augmentation of the naval force of the
United States, and for other purposes; which was
read twice, and committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. LAW-
RENCE asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill further to amend an act supplementary to " An
act to fix the value of certain moneys of account in
computation at the custom-house;" which was read
twice, and laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE,
Ordered, That the petition of C. W. Bingley be
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. SEAMAN
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill for ihe
relief of John Chapeaud, consul for Syria and Pal-
estine; which bill was read twice, anti committed.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire and re-
port to this House whether deputv postmasters
may not with advantage to the public interest be
elected by the people of their respective towns, and
whether they should not hold their offices during
good behavior, or for a specified period, and not
removable except for cause.
Which was laid on the table.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. DIXON
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a joint reso-
lution relative to the distribution of books to his-
torical societies; which resolution was read twice,
and committed.
On motion of Mr. McHENRY,
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole
House be for the present discharged from the con-
sideration of the bill for the benefit of James Dix-
on, and that the same be recommitted to the Com-
millee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. THOMASSON offered the following reso-
lution: ^
Resolved, That the Secretary of State present, in
the name of the United States, a copy of Force's
American Archives to the Historical Society of
Maryland.
Which was laid upon the table for one day.
On motion of Mr. BELL,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy inform
this House how much hemp has been purchased
for the use of the navy in each year since and in-
cluding the year 18*10; of what country the growth,
and the quantity obuuned from each country; the
various quantities or classcsof hemp, and the price
paid for each; from whom purchased, mid the
manner of making the purchase; also, what steps
have been taken by the department to carry into
cffect the law establishing a hemp agency m Ken-
tucky and Missouri.
Which was agieed to.
Mr. BELL gave notice of a motion for leave to
introduce a bill for the benefit of the tinstees of
the Centre College of Kentucky, who are by that
name trustees for the deaf and dumb asylum of
Kentucky, giving them the privilege of vacating
certain patents and relocating certain lands granted
them by the United Stales.
Mr. TRUMBO offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is .hereby, instructed to submit to this
House his project of a bill establishing the rates of
duties to be imposed on goods, wares, and merchan-
dise imported into the United States.
Which was laid upon the table for one day.
Mr. HUNGERFORD offered the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That 10,000 extra copies of the Presi-
dent's Message, with the accompanying corres-
pondence between this Government and Great
Britain, be printed for the usfe of this House.
Laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to this House all the informa-
tion in the possession of the topographical bureau,
together with such opinion as that bureau is pre-
pared to give, touching the advantages and disad-
vantages of the different points on Lake Erie for
the establishment of a naval depdt.
Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JAMES A. BLACK,
Resolved, That a select committee on retrench-
ment, to consist of nine members, be appointed to
take into consideration the expenditures of the War
Department and the pay of the army.
Resolved further, That said committee have pow-
er to send for persons and papers, and that they
report to this House by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the payment of loan certi-
ficates now outstanding and unpaid, issued under
the authority of the Congress of the Confedera-
tion.
On motion of Mr. I. E, HOLMES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
inquire into the expediency of restoring the pen-
sion navy fund.
Oil motion of Mr. HARALSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route between
Fayette ville, in Fayette county, and Greenville, in
Meriwether ccunty, in the State of Georgia.
On motion of Mi. BUFF1NGTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropiiation for the construction of a
macadamized road from the Cumberland road, at
some point west of the mountains, by way of the
United States arsenal at Pittsburg and Meadville,
to the harbor of Erie, on Lake Erie.
On motion of Mr. DARRAGH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of extending to widows of officers of the United
States army, the provisions of the law which grant
pensions to widows of ofnceis of the United States
navy who die m the public scrvice.
In pursuance of previous notice, and on leave
given,Mr. LUMPKINintioduced a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide for the payment
of horses or other property lost or destroyed m the
military service of the United States, approved
January 18, 1837;'' which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. DOBBIN offered the two following resolu-
tions; which were adopted:
Itesolled, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
changing the time of holding the circuit court at
Raleigh, North Carolina, so that the same maybe
held on the first Mondays in June and December.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route between
Joimsonville or Murchison Mills, in Cumbciland
county, North Carolina, and Harrington, in the
same county.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That in order to secure a more com-
plete and perfect report of the proceedings and de-
bates of Congress, the Clerk cause to be furnished
to the regular reporters of the daily papers in this
city in the** House, not to exceed three for each
paper, one copy of each and every of the docu-
ments printed by order of this House, with the
exception of private bills.
Pending which resolution, after one or two
counts, not determinate, on the demand for the
previous question,
The House adjourned.
Mr. BOWLIN presented the following petitions
on Thursday last:
The petition of Captain George W. Atchison, and 110
others, citizens of St. Louis, chiefly engaged and interested
in tiie navigation of the Mississippi river and its tributaries,
praying Congress to pass a bill now befoie them, entitled
"A bii-1 to amend an act to provide for tlie better security of
the lives of passengers oil board of vessels propelled, in
whole or in part by steam, approved July 7, 18j8." The
petition of Captain William H. Boycc, and others, citi-
zens of St. Louis, interested and engaged chiefly in navi-
