878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
gating the waters of the Mississippi river and its tributaries,
praying the same as above—the passage of said bill. The
petition of Thomas M. Lynn, and 155 others, citizens of St.
Louis, chiefly engaged and inteiested in navigating the
waters of the Mississippi and its tubutaries, praying^ as
above—the passage of said bill. The petition of John B . Sar-
py, and 232 others, citizens of St. Louis, interested and
chiefly engaged m navigating the waters of the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, praying as above—-tile passage of
said bill.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 17, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate sev-
eral messages received yesterday from the Presi-
dent of the United States, viz:
A message transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, communicating the correspond-
ence called for by the resolution of the Senate of
the 25th of February, 1845, between the command-
er of the East India squadron and foreign Powers,
or United States agents abroad, during the years
1842 and 1843, relating to the trade and other in •
terests of this Government; which was read, and,
On motion of Mr. D1X, one thousand copies in
addition to the usual number were oidered to be
printed for the use of the Senate.
Also, a message transmitting a communication
from the Attorney General, relating to a contiaet
entered into by lum with Messrs. Little & Brown,
for certain copies of the proposed edition of the
laws and treaties of the llmted States, in pursuance
of the joint resolution of the 3d of March, 1845;
which was read.
The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Navy, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, com-
municating information concerning the fitness of
the harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in the State
of Michigan, for a naval depot; which was read.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
made m compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
respecting the necessity of a naval armament upon
Lake Superior, and the most economical mode of
providing for the naval defence of that part of the
United States; which was read.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, communicating information concerning the
present means of naval defence on the northern j
lakes; which was read, and laid on the table. j
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, i
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 11th j
instant, in relation to the authority under which j
Emilie Yoss had acted as an agent to procure or re-
ceive the payment of certain instalments of Mexi-
can indemnity, which was read, laid on the table,
and ordered to be piinted.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of the
'Troy and Greenbush railroad association, praying
the reimbursement of the duties paid by them on
certain importations of railroad iron; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. also presented a petition of officers in
the arm v of the United States, praying the estab-
lishment of a military asylum for the support of
invalid soldiers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying the removal of the land
office from Palmyra to Bloomington in said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of Ma-
rv B. Wade, widow of Lieutenant Wade, late in
tfie naval service of the United States, praying a
pension; which, on his motion, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented further documents in rela-
tion to the petition of James Foster, praying to be
allowed remuneration for the illegal seizuie and
condemnation of his vessel and cargo^ by persons
acting under the authority of the British Govern-
ment in Canada; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Isaac Barnes,
praying the right of pre-emption to certain land;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mira M. Alexan-
der, the only heir of George Madison, deceased,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, permission was
granted to Peter Frost to withdraw his petition and
papers.
Mr. FAIRFIELD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether any, and what,
further provisions of law are required to secure to
persons charged with offences against the United
States, which from their nature must be in whole
or in part committed in a foreign country, a full
and fair trial, and to afford persons so charged the
proper means of proving their defence before the
courts of the United States.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing suitable military fortifications for a mil-
itary station at or near the mouth of the Genesee
river, in the State of New York.
Mr. DIX submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing
the harbors, bays, and entries into the creeks, situ-
ated between the harbors of Erie and Buffalo, on
Lake Erie, to be examined and reported upon by a
mixed board of officers of the navy, corps of engi-
neers, and topographical engineers, with a view of
ascertaining the capability of either of the said har-
bors, bays and creeks, of being made a port of ref-
uge, observation, and refitment to such part of the
national marine as may from stress of weather, or
from any other cause, be compelled to seek safety
below the harbor of Erie; and that the said board be
instructed to prepare, at as early a day as practica-
ble, plans and estimates for the improvement and
military defences of the harbor, which in the opin-
ion of said board shall, from position and other lo-
cal facilities, promise the easiest and cheapest at-
tainment of the end contemplated in the first branch
of this resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted adverse reports upon
the petitions of Daniel B. Baiter, Elizabeth Sailor,
and Hector Perkins; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom the matter was referred, reported
a joint resolution authorizing the President of the
United States to remove the difficulties (now exist-
ing) to the speedy removal of the Miami Indians ;
which was read, and oassed to the second reading.
! Mr. PEN NYB ACKER, from the Committee of
; Claims, asked that said committee be discharged
\ from the further consideration of the petition of
| Mary B. Hook, and that it be referred to the Com-
: mittee on Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
! Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
i Ebenezer Ballard, reported a bill for his relief:
j which was read, and, together with the report, was
ordered to be printed.
| Mr. F. also, from the same committee, reported
j a bill for the relief of James Low; which was read,
I and the report and bill were ordered to be printed.
| Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Ju-
. dietary, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
! for the relief of the executor of Benjamin Chaires,
deceased, Gad Humphreys, and Pedro Miranda,
claiming to be the assignees of Jose de la Maya
Arredondo, of the State of Florida; which was
read, passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of George
Gordon, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading, and the report ordered to be
^ printed. !
! Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which j
was referred the bill declaring the assent of Con-
gress to the State of Illinois to impose a tax upon
all lands hereafter sold by the United States in
that State, from and after the time of such sale,
, reported it without amendment. The accompany-
ing report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
; " Bill to extend the powei-s of the Orphans' courts,
j held m and for the District of Columbia," reported
1 the same without amendment.
Mr. H. moved that the prior orders be post-
poned, and that the Senate proceed immediately to
the consideration of the above bill. '
Mr. ATCHISON objected to .the interruption -
of the regular orders; but after explanation by Mr.
; HAYWOOD, he withdrew his objection, and the
I motion to postpone was agreed to.
| The bill was then read, considered as in com-
! mittee of the whole, reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and, by-
unanimous consent, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported, without amendment, the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives au-
thorizing the President to give the required notice
for the abrogation of the second article of the con-
vention of 1827.
Mr. ALLEN remarked, that he had been in-
structed by the Committee on Foreign Relations*
to report back this resolution-, and to move that it
be made the order of the day for one o'clock this
day, in order that it may be connected with the
general matter before the Senate.
The motion to make the joint resolution a spe-
cial order was agreed to.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, asked that the said com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of certain petitions and memorials in relation
to the repeal of the law requiring one of the
: judges of the circuit court of said District to reside
in Alexandria, and that the same, together with a
memorial of the Mayor and Common Council of
Alexandria, be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. NILES moved to postpone the prior orders
of the day, and that the Senate take up the joint
resolution providing for a temporary mail service
in Texas; which motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then read a second
time, considered as in committee of the whole, re-
ported back to the Senate without amendment,
and ordered to a third reading. By unanimous
consent, the joint resolution had a third reading,
and was passed.
Mr. JOHNSON,, of Louisiana,-from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that said committee Be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Carey H. Seely, and that it.be'referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the Senate resume
the consideration of the special orders; which waa
agreed to.
" OREGON THE NOTICE."
Mr. COLQUITT proceeded to address the Sen-
ate, and said: I do not profess to have myself any
knowledge of the views which the President has
not given to the world, which go to support his
recommendations on the subject of Oregon. Re-
lying with the utmost confidence on his honesty,
integrity, and firmness, I am quite ready to act
upon these recommendations. It has been very
properly said that no message that ever emanated
from a j'residentof the United States has met with
more general approbation on the part of the people
than that one to which I now allude. It is able,
dignified, and peaceful. All that he has said, and
all that he has done, and all that he has offered to
do, has met a favorable response from the public.
It would be q. libel upon his character to say that
now he considers what he has done, or what he
has offered to do, as not the best that might or
could have been done for the best interests of the
country and for the happiness of the people. I
am not willing that his political adversaries should
assert, or his political friends insinuate, that he is
secretly endeavoring to plunge this country into a
war, whilst all his public communications breathe
the language of peace. I am not willing that the
public shall considerthat there are gentlemen in the
Halls of Congress that have the private ear of the
i President, and are his especial mouth-pieces, who
i will declare that the tendency of the measures re-
| commended by him will be otherwise "than pacific,
1 or, indeed, that they should pretend to expound
| the views of the Executive at all, whilst he pos-
i sesses daily means of communication with bo'th
• Houses of Congress. If war come, the fault will
i not be on his head. In what he has"already done,
an4 in what he has offered to do, we have a public
guaranty of what he is still willing to io, and the
i ( sacrifices he is still prepared to make in order to
preserve at once the peace and honor of the nation.
