1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
The bloody laurel, even were he capable of win-
ning it, would sit but illy on his brow. The olive-
branch sits more gracefully upon it. He has not
been wafted to his present high position upon the
groans and sighs of widows and orphans, render-
ing it necessary for him to finish his race of glory
in carnage and blood. I know that there have been
misgivings here and elsewhere, that while his com-
munications and his recommendations to Congress
are all peaceful, there is a secret hostility to any
negotiation on the part of the Executive; and the
inflammatory speeches made in the Halls of Con-
gress by some gentlemen have strengthened the
conviction, and given some alarm; but in vindica-
tion of the President, permit me to say, that when-
ever the people shall find that his public and pri-
vate acts are conflicting with each other—that he
acts with disguise and dissimulation—that he is
weak and vacillating, and to be driven from his
dignified and peaceful purpose by inflammatory
speeches made in Congress, it will then be time
enough to convert public applause into public rep-
robation. The spirit, feeling, and character of the
Message have been all well calculated to make xis
all consider not only the question itself, but the
probable result of our final action upon it.
The ardent and uncompromising, stimulated,
doubtless, by courage and national pride, have
drawn a theatrical picture of the future; they have
brought us to gaze upon our laurelled warriors,
planting the standard of freedom on the utmost
verge of the continent laved by the waters of the
Pacific; trampling under their feet in proud con-
tempt the foul pretensions of an ambitious nation.
The prudent and the cautious, actuated by the
laudable purpose of abating these kindling fires of
war, lit up by such flattering descriptions of the
future, have reversed the picture, and called on us
to contemplate scenes of desolation and wo, rav-
aged coasts, plundered cities, an exhausted treas-
ury, and a country sinking deeper and deeper into
misfortune and ruin. Permit me, without being-
urged on by the heated ai dor of the one, or fettered
by the fears and apprehensions of the other, to
consider this question in the spirit of calmness and
prudence. Is Oregon, in truth, on principles of
justice, a territory of the United States? Is our
title to the 54th parallel of latitude unquestionable
and unencumbered ? Is there any difficulty about
it? If you answer these questions in the aflirma-
tive, then there is left for us but one course, the
maintenance of those rights, peaceably if we may,
forcibly if we must. It has been the business of
some to give us very glowing descriptions of the
commercial and agricultural advantages of Oregon,
whi lst .others have in all these respccts depreciated
its value—represented it as a territory unproductive
and sterile. I do not conceive that its value enters
legitimately into a discussion of the question of
right. If every acre were a garden, if every river
were a stream of wealth, if every harbor were the
safe depository and mart for the world's mighty
commerce, if the whole coast were indented with
commodious and safe retreats for the naval arma-
ments of the world,—yet, were our claims not
founded in truth, justice would demand the instant
abandonment of all our pretensions. But if our
title be clear, unquestionable, unencumbered to the
whole territory,—*hen, if it were a bleak and rooky
desert, scarcely habitable by the mountain goat,
honor would require that we should make no sur-
render until first the title had been cancelled by the
last will and testament of the republic.
I propose to divide the issues presented on this
question. There is but one question before us—
that is, of the notice. But with this question of
notice has been blended the assertion of uncom-
promising right,to the whole territory; and, in
consequence of this blending of issues improperly
united, I conceive that many gentlemen have been
placed in an improper position before the country.
Take the issues together—the notice to Great ■
Britain to quit, and the determined assertion with-
out any negotiation or compromise of the rieht to |
the whole territory—what is the result? There j
is but one alternative, and that is war, or an tin- 1
conditional surrender on the part of the British
Government for fear of war. And who can be-
lieve for a moment that that Government will re-
linquish the advantages which it has enjoyed there
without being permitted even the right to nego-
tiate? But divide these issues, and we can all go
for the notice as an unquestionable right—a right
that is necessary—a right that can be peacefully t.
exercised-^ right sanctioned by the stipulations
of the treaty itself. Then what do we ao? We
leave then but one question open, and that is, our
title to the whole of Oregon—whether that title is
so unquestionable and so indisputable, and so free
from doubt and difficulty, that we could not, with-
out a sacrifice of our national honor, make a com-
promise of the boundary with Great Britain. And
I apprehend that when this last issue comes to be
presented—if gentlemen should allow it to be pre-
sented to the American people—it will be found
that the great body of that people is in favor of a
just, honorable, and peaceful arrangement. I know
that it has been said, here and -elsewhere, that we
must go to war, and fight before we give up one
inch of Oregon. I appreciate very highly that
patriotic ardor which impels certain of our ora-
tors to proud assertions of national rights, though
their limits should run into the "misty regions of
doubt and uncertainty. If they are in error, they
are pardonable, because consecrated by the genius
of freedom. Their rashness—if they be rash—is
captivating, because it is the heated outburst of
devotion to their country. Their boldest flights
of daring oratory are stimulated, because they
have stretohed the question beyond its legitimate
limits, and made the giving of the notice the test
of national honor and national courage. I am my-
self favorable to the notice, and shall sustain it as
a measure peaceful, necessary, and proper. I am
myself favorable to an honorable negotiation—an
honorable treaty, if such a one can be made. It
is on this latter point that almost the only differ-
ence—at least, the largest difference—of opinion
exists in the minds of the American Congress.
The blending of these questions has produced this
difficulty, otherwise there would be generally una-
nimity m concurring with the recommendation of
the Executive. Such errors are pardonable, be-
cause they are consecrated by the dictates of feel-
ing—because they arc the sparkling spray, cast
onward by the rushing waves of honor and pa-
triotism. When called upon, I shall also be pre-
pared to make the beat argument in my power
favorable to our claim; but when I make that ar-
gument, will I not be compelled to admit that grave
questions of international law are involved in the ,
discussion, and that while I putmv own construe,- !
tion on them, honorable and patriotic men may
differ fi-om nie as to the. settled doctrines existing
between nations? While I make up my own ar-
gument m favor of our claims, will I not be com-
pelled to admit that many of the facts involved are
contradictory? And while I feel the weight of
testimony to be on our side, still that there is tes-
timony on the other side, which the opposite party
may not be so willing to yield, as weak and im-
becile. The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hannkgan] has made on able and eloquent speech,
and in it he took occasion to insinuate that the
South was not so much for Oregon as they had
been for Texas. I am not disposed to turn the
tables, and say that some gentlemen were not so
much for Texas as they are for Oregon.
Mr. ! 1 \ N.VF.i JAM. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word > The time has now come
when I should give the reason why I was not so
much for Texas. Both Texas and Oregon were
united in the Baltimore convention. Rut I dread-
ed—if Texas went first—I dreaded Punic faith.
Yes, Punic faith.
Mr. COLGtUITT. I feel very much indebted
to the honorable gentleman for his explanation.
He is an able statesman. But it happens that
his reluctance to act was before the Baltimore con-
vention. I do not wish, however, to bandy words.
I was very much pleased with the argument of
the gentleman, but I do not like to bandy words
with the honorable Senator. The honorable Sen-
ator, in his very able speech, relied on the discov-
ery by Spain, and assumed it as a fact undoubt-
ed that the discovery alone, without having been
followed by settlement and occupancy, was a suf-
ficient foundation for tide. But this question
ar;scs—is that a settled doctrine of national law ?
The Senator argues that it is. Another question
arises: If a discovery is a sufficient foundation for
title, must that discovery be made under the sanc-
tion of a Government, or will it be still sufficient,
though made merely in the prosecution of indi-
vidual enterprise ? These are questions, and there
are others also in this controversy, which, al-
though my whole feelings and judgment are in
favor of the American side, yet I must admit, as
an honest man and a statesman, are yet unsettled.
I am compelled to admit, and it seems to me that
every honorable Senator must admit, that these
delicate and important questions have not been so
well settled as no longer to remain open to debate.
Again, when a settlement is made, what must be
its character in order to benefit the country fVom
which the settlers come? Is not that a grave ques-
tion also involved ? Is it settled ? Is it fixed ? Is
it debatable? Again: how far from the locality
where settlement is made will an unquestionable
title extend? Is not that also a debatable ques-
tion ? Is it not likewise involved in thisjfcontro-
versy ? And again, I say, while my own feelings
are favorable to the decision made by our Secreta-
ry of State, and the argument urged yesterday by
the honorable Senator from Indiana—whilst these
are my own convictions—I am compelled to admit
that these are grave questions of international law,
and facts, too, are involved in this matter on which
honest men may well differ before settling down
into conviction. I would not make these re-
marks—I would not have felt myself called upon
to do so—but from the character which the debate
has assumed. It has been assumed that, by the
law of nations, the Spanish title gives us 54° 40';
that discovery is of itself sufficient to give a title
against all the balance of the world. Well, I have
felt myself called upon to make some remarks
upon that view of the question; and I will now
proceed to make another remark, and will offer
some observations to strengthen it. No matter how
strong my convictions may be with regard to the
validity of our title, I am too well acquainted with
the structure of the human mind not to know that
my own individual feelings and wishes may have
some influence on my judgment. I am too well
acquainted with the feelings which sway the hu-
man heart, not to admit that the feelings and
wishes of the people of the country in which I live
may like wise .have some influence on my judg-
ment. There is no arbiter to whom we can
submit—to whom we are willing to submit—in
whose impartial judgment we are willing to confide.
How, then, stands the case? Great Britain and
I the people of the United States put forth their
I claims, each in his own case, and each occupying
the situation of his own advocate olid judge. And
does not everybody see that each putting his own
construction upon international law, and upon facts,
and persisting in it, there is but one mode of set-
tlement, and that will be by the sword ? Arbitra-
tion is out of the question. We cannot find an
arbitator in whom we can confide. We claim the
whole—unquestionable, indisputable right to the
whole country. We know that in individual cases,
where there is no arbiter or tribunal set up to de-
termine the matter in controversy between two
private individuals anywhere, that the man that
refuses to compromise—insisting upon the whole
extent of his claim—who claims judgment for him-
self—determining for himself the extent of his
rights,'—I say that nmn gains the character, or may
gain the character, of obstinate courage, but inevit-
ably loses the prouder characteristic of wisdom,
justice, and moderation. Now, I have always
thought that since the discovery of America the
best settled doctrine, though controverted, was,
that discovery was a sufiicient foundation for "title;
but where discovery was followed by possession,
I presume there can be no dispute. All Europe
making discoveries there, recognised in the natives
the right of occupancy; but the discoverer alons
had the right of making terms with the natives,
either by conquest or purchase; nobody else could
interfere. The discoverer had this right, but held
it subject to the native right of occupancy. But I
say that if you recognise the right of the natives
to occupancy, settlement could not be complete so
long as that occupancy continued. The grant was
good, and you permit me to hold as long as you
choose; while the native remains there, you respect
his right of occupancy, but the discoverer still lias,
in my construction of the law, the right at any
time, by conquest or purchase, to carry out and
perfect his title. That has been my position on that
subject. I had thought that that was more or less
acquiesced in according to the usages of European
nations. I know very well that there have been
some exceptions to this, but as a general rule I be-
lieve that this is correct. I think that the British
minister did well in relying on the riglus conferred
oil the British Government by the Nootka Sound
convention. Now, whether that comcntion was
