580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
-abrogated by the war of 1796, as I am inclined to
think it was, is another question, for, in general,
treaties are not, ipso facto > made void by war—es-
pecially such as make stipulations for territorial
' rights are not abrogated by war, but revive again
on the return of peace, unless some stipulations of
an after treaty be repugnant to it.
Some contend that, before the treaty of Nootka
Sound, the British had as much right norrh of the
Spanish settlement at Nootka as the latter had.
But I am willing to agree with the Secretary of
State in regarding it as a commercial treaty, con-
ferring commercial privileges; and in that view, I
affi not prepared to insist that the war of 1796 did,
or did not, abrogate it. But, sir, another view
was presented by the Senator yesterday. Sup-
pose it was not abrogated, and that some rights or
privileges rem uned not destroyed by the war—such
as the right of fishing, of settling, or carrying on
commerce, of navigation: now that they did ac
quire these rights is true; of their value to them
they are the best judges; for, not only in the de- j
bates of the British Parliament, but in the specch j
was not until the reformation of Luther, which
happened nearly one hundred years after the grant,
of this continent was made, and which grant all
Christendom acknowledged to be valid, that the
power of the Pope began to decline. The first
time it was disputed on this continent was when
the Spanish Minister complained to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain of certain depredations com-
mitted by Sir Francis Drake. Gtueen Elizabeth
says, in reply: "If you have been robbed ofany-
' thing, it shall be restored; but I deny any claim
* which Spain has set up to any territory in Amer-
4 ioa under a gift of the Pope of Rome." This k
the first time when the voice of any Christian po-
tentate was raised against the authority of the
Roman Pontiff. This universally acknowledged
authority of the Pope, previous to the Reformation,
is the reason why England had, up to that time,
put forward no claim to teriitory on the northwest
const.
The probable cause of the treaty between Spain
and England, as is held by the Secretary of State,
was about the right of navigation, &c. The ques-
of the Km* himself, he refers to the subject, and !l tion now arises, Was the Nootka Sound treaty de-
calls attention to the case of the two British ves- ' ' '
sels which were captured by a Spanish man-of-
war, their cargoes taken possession of, and their
crews brought prisoners into a Spanish port.
"What did they dem\nd? They demanded satis-
f iction for the violence committed; they demanded
reparation for the injury sustained; and when
they did so, the Spanish Government replied,
" We have already done so. Your vessel and
property have been restored; and the Viceroy of
Mexico only did the act under the impression "that
you had made an infraction of Spanish rights."
On the 2d of November, in the same year, we
find, from the debates in the British Parliament,
that there was another communication from his
Majesty to the House of Commons, in which he
states, in alluding to the above ca^, that the only
object he had was satisfaction for the violence
committed at Nootka, and without saying any-
thing of sovereignty or jurisdiction, but merely as
to their commercial rights, and the right of fishing
and trading on the coast. That was in Novem-
ber; and in December the House of Commons
vo;ed him their thanks for what he did. What
did they say? That they had acquired anything
in soil or territory? Not at all: but, after present-
ing their thanks to the King for preserving the
peace and effecting the treaty, they speak of hav-
ing secured to his subjects the right of settling; and
trading;, which were the objects sought. In Par-
stroved by the war of 1796? If not, we must ad-
I mit there is an encumbrance on our title. We
| must admit that, to say the least of it; for if that
[ treaty be still in existence, they did obtain the con-
! current right to fish, settle, and trade, on the north-
I west coast of America. Well, I am willing to say,
j with our Secretary of State, that it was a treaty
i such as might be abrogated by the war of 1796;
j but I certainly will pause before I go so far as to
! say it is a treaty so clearly abrogated as to pre-
j vent all negotiation. I will not make so bold an
j assertion. After the war of 1796, Great Britain
; continued to exercise those rights and privileges
I there. From the year 1806 onward, they were
| continually making settlements, fishing, and car-
i rying on the navigation of the coast; and so they
!' continued long before the treaty of 1814 could have
i! reached the British Minister, telling him of the re-
li ncwal of that of 1796. We find them constantly
li exercising these rights afterwards.
On the face of ail this, then, although X concur
with those who say our claims are best, I feel some
diffidence in saying that the Nootka Sound treaty
was abrogated by the war. So far as this Gov-
ernment is concerned, it had some claim before
the cession of the territory by Spain. Bub all
I ask is this, that be thev what they may, in our
own opinions now, considering our own conduct
in relation to its occupancy by others—considering
all the circumstances of the case—while our Gov-
liament, the ministers of the crown said they had ![ ernment is prepared to assert its just rights, let it
made a great acquisition; that they acquired rights | be ready to treat the just claims of others with
they never had before. Pie held that the policy j some respect, instead of kicking people out of Ore-
was long since exploded of taking entire posses- ' - • * .i. -
sion of a country by putting down a cross, or put-
ting up a standard in the king's name; that he
had a right to fish in every sea, and trade on the
coast; and that the doctrine of title from the Pope's
pretended power of ratifying a first discovery, was
entirely exploded. This was his view of the ques-
tion. Mr. Pitt, whose speech has been referred
to, also declared ill Parliament, that he looked on
this concession as almost in the light of a con-
gon, without negotiation. Are we to say, in the
face of the world, that we don't want to fight about
it, that we don't want to negotiate ? Are we to say,
in the same breath, that we don't want^a war, but
that we must have the whole territory? Great
Britain was there a great many years before we
were there. We bought our title to it at a time
when Great Britain was there in possession, and
exercising rights with our knowledge. With our
knowledge? Yes, with our consent and approba-
quest. They had acquired, under the Nootka i| tion. Is that no encumbrance? In view of these
Sound convention, rights which they had not be- |j facts. I feel, sir, that if I rejected negotiation, if I
fore possessed. I have referred to his speeches, ;i claimed the whole up to 54° 40', I would not be
and those of members of Parliament, to show !' just to myself nor to my God. I cannot ^ do it.
they did not acquire any territorial right by the jj But probably there will be some difficulty in set-
treaty, although they frequently put up a claim of !| tling the boundary. Can any man say that a
title under it, while the language of the Spanish ji thing is indisputable that has been in dispute for
Minister was in direct opposition to this claim. I |i
refer to the language of the Minister, to show that '!
the question of sovereignty was not established. 5'
Another remark, although it may not have much
weight with some. At the time the Pope made
the grant to Ferdinand, of America, after its dis-
covery by Columbus, not one of the nations of
Europe £ut acknowledged the sufficiency of such
a title. The power of the Sovereign Pontiff was „ _
acknowledged over all Christendom. Not a sove- ji pute for years ! Such a supposition is^ extrava-
reign but was ready to hold his lands, and pros- ji gant.' No, sir; in saying our title is indisputable,
trate himself on his knees, and receive his crown ji the Secretary of State only pronounces his own
at the hands uf the Pontiff. They held them so. t' judgment, but declares his convictions of the clear-
years? Surely, when our statesmen say that our
title is indisputable, they do not mean that it is ab-
solutely so- they have too much common sense
for that. To suppose that, bavins' got over all the
difficulties of international law—having ex]x>unded
it to his own satisfaction—bavins; weighed the facts
of the case, the President would then pronounce
our title indisputable, while he himself had nego-
tiated on the subject, knowing it had been in dis-
At last this question arose, "Can the operation '
of a law be valid a hundred years after it has !
ceased to be acknowledged?'* All Europe—dukes,
princes, emperors, and among the rest the kings of
England—stooped to the Pontiff to receive their
crowns at his hands; and it wag not until 1493 that
a solitary exception or dispute arose about it. It
ness of our title over that of our adversaries. I
will go that length with him; I am as ready to ex-
press my conviction of the superiority of our title
as any one; but I would pause before affirming
that to be indisputable which even then was in dis-
pute. I do not want to be put in that position be-
fore the world. If our title to 54° 40' is so clear
that there i's no question about it, I "hold that those
who think so ought to go for it,'and take no Jess.
But I do not think that was what had been said by
the Secretary of State, or others, in pronouncing it
unquestionable. In doing so, they only meant to
declare their own convictions. I have been charged
wjth inconsistency, by some warm friends of thfe
President, for saying so; but I say, no matter how
strong my own convictions are as tothe superiority
of our title, I cannot 'say it is unquestionable in the
fullest sense of the term. The Senator fVom In-
diana, much more ably than I could, by a long
course of argument, sought to. j>rove that the title
by discovery is good. Now, with him, I am wil-
ling to say it is; but I muststop to ask,is it indis-
putable ? I might set myself up as ah infallible
expounder of tixe law of nations, andatonce bound
over all the difficulties of the case; but if it hap-
pened that, upon appealing to the world, our inter-
pretation of international law should be disputed-—
that, notwithstanding the strength of the Convic-
tions of the Senator and myself, we were passed
over—what would it matter how we regarded our
title? To put my own construction up<5n inter-
national law is very natural, but to insist upon it,
and act accordingly in the present case, Would be
to force my construction of international law upon
the whole world.
It is, I repeat it, but a strong expression of his
own conviction with regard to the validity of our
claims. He does not mean to assert that thferfe
cannot be any dispute at all upon the subject—for,
immediately after writing this sentence, he turned
abotit and went to negotiating about our title, t
would not write it down, however strong Jny p'et-
suasion of the rectitude of our claifns, that there
was and could be no dispute or question about
them. And I should not hold them my ftiefrdfc
who, if I did, should hold me to thfe Wofds, and
insist upon all consequences which thfey could be
made to draw after them. That was not " back- .
ing one's friends," to put the President into a
corner, and say to him, " Now, si&, you are in a
narrow place; you have said that our,title is clear;
that there can be no Question started about it; we
therefore consider the whole matter setUfed*; We
hold that the line has virtually bedn* and we
meaii forthwith to go and take Oregcift up to that
line." The President never intended his state-
ment to be so taken.
But the warm friends of the President here will
charge me, if 1 say this, with not standing up to the
President—with not supporting and upholding ihb
Chief Magistrate of my country. But on a ques-
tion of title, no matter how strong my own convic-
tion may be, until the principles of national law
shall be more firmly settled—though the Senator
from Indiana has far more knowledge of the ques-
tion, and has, or at least thinks he has, far more
heart in it than I,—I imagine it will count but littlfe
for him or me either to rise here in his place and
to say before the world our title is unquestionable.
When the world shall fix upon the Senator and
myself as infallible expounders of the law of na-
tions, and shall decree that our edict shall stand as
final and definitive, beyond which no monarch or
nation shall proceed without ah appeal to^th6
sword, then our opinions will of great weight
, in the matter. But I greatly fe&r that Europe, in
i'i looking for those great and ^offtprehensdve minds,
ji to whose arbitrament all must bow% may p&sS us
ji by, no matter how strenuously and how loudly w&
j! may cry out our title is clear—our title rs unqueS-
' tionable. I fear that the world may not on that
account be disposed to put it down so. All this isf
a mere begging of the question. I am deciding ift
my own cause. It is natural that I should decide
in'my own favor. But 1 am nor willing to say, I
am so independent and so mighty, and so irresisti-
ble, that all the Powers of Europe must bo W to my
decision.
Mr. President, I have said these things in con-
sequence of the speeches which have been mftde
here and elsewhere on this question. I am myself
in favor of the line of 54° 40'; yet, I am compelled
as a man, as a Christian, and as a state^nlan, to
admit that both the points in the law of nations
and many of the facts on which we rest in Support
of our title, are subjects open to debate.
Let us see how we stand. The first chapter x^ad
to us by the honorable Senator had respect to^our
ability to fight. I cannot equal the eloqaBi>t. gen-
tleman from Indiana. I make no pfeteftsion^ to it;
I cannot draw such a pictute of our n&titsimi strength
