1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
381
and greatness as he did. Not at all. But I agree
to every wt>rd„he said. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator to consider me as just.behind him. Yes, sir,
let him remember that in all that, I am close to his
back. But, allowing all he said to be true, and let
us be ever so strong ancfever so able to fight, that
will not settle the question of national law. We
tnay be able to get. the land, but that will not prove'
we have a title to it. If we go to fighting, I am
inclined to think that—may-be—we should conquer.
Perhaps we mights If it comes to a fight I believe
strongly in the est; but then I. would have the
Sepator remember there are others in the country
who .can fight-besides the men of the West. But
stiE, I own, I have'more reliance on the West. Sir,
I am game. [A laugh.] I always did love a game-
fowl and a blooded horse. • But the chapter read to
us by the Senator reads handsomely—very hand-
somely. It shows that great mistakes have been
made about our national ability. The Senator goes
back to the days of the Revolution, and reminds
us of a great many bloody battles that were fought
in those days; and then, in the last war, too, he
tells us our navy was so triumphant; and so it was,
and we have been sounding and singing its praises
ever since, and celebrating its triumphs, especially
on every 4tb of July, and will do it again, that's
more.
But let us look a little at another chapter, a chap-
ter which respects our honor, moderation, and pru-
dence.
In 1790 the British were making settlements by
their Hudson Bay Company on our northwest
coast, and in her treaty with Spain it was acknowl-
edged that she had rightsof some sort in that coun-
try ; and from 1790 to 1818 she had been carrying on
her trade and navigation along the coast. (This
chapter, remember, is about our honor, and jus-
tice, and moderation—not about fighting at all.
Everybody knows we cannot bo whipped by all
creation; everyone knows that; that is settled.)
Well, sir, in 1818 we made a treaty with Great
Britain, and in that treaty we acknowledged that
Britain had some rights in Oregon. In 1819 we
purchased the Spanish title, and let the British hold
on. Again, in 1826 we made another treaty, and
bought the title of France, and still we let the Brit-
ish hold on. And why.' Do not tell me that our
fathers were afraid ; that will not do. What! The
bpys of those men who signed the Declaration of
Independence—the sons of our revolutionary sires
not willing to fight! But did they negotiate > Did
they treat? Yes; they allowed that Great Britain
had some rights on the northwest coast; and now
we are trying to get rid of that acknowledgment.
Sir, we are far more patriotic than our sires. We
feel the patriotic blood rushing through our hearts
with a vehement fury to which they were quite
strangers. We look down on them with pity, if
not contempt, and say they hod unpatriotic hearts
and cowardly nerves. Sir, this chapter will not
read quite so well.
Let us see a little further. We have bought an
outstanding title, but there is an encumbrance upon
it, and we must respect it.
But what is the next chapter? We have had
one upon honor. We have more willingness to
fight than our. fathers had. We are more disposed
to whip all strangers off our borders than they.
We are keen to wade into a war to a degree they
never could pretend to. I belong myself to the
peace establishment, most decidedly. Yet at home,
most of those who know me, know pretty well
that I can stand up for my rights; that I do not like
to have my toes trodden on. Yet, I am against all
vaporing beforehand. I always, when I was a
boy, despised those of my schoolfellows who were
always making boasting and ranting speeches with
a view to get up quarrels between other boys.
But what is the next chapter? In 184G, we pub- i
lish to the American people that we have got here j
now a most wise and patriotic President and Con- i
gress, who "know their rights, and dare maintain j
them." Before now, all our Presidents and Con- ]
gresses were mere dolts and boobies in- compari- !
son. But now, in both halls of Congress, we have j
men truer than steel, who are willing, ready, ay, j
sir, and anxious and panting, to beard the British !
lion. And what do the people say? What do ,
they think, while we are here so hot for a fight ? |
Why, sir, they remember that, some eight years I
or more ago, we had a man—an old man—at the ;
head of the Government, who.se heart never quailed i
at. the thought of danger—a man of iron will and I
iron nerve. They cannot be made to believe he
was a coward. And did lie negotiate ? Did he
use any means for a peaceful settlement of this
question? I pass by all other names, and I come
to the name of Andrew Jackson. And. I say that
the whole American heart throughout this land
will say, there must have been some great difficulty
in the way, or the'Hero of the Hermitage would
not have negotiated about the matter. He was
not afraid of Groat Britain; he m'et them with no
fortification but a few cotton bags, and drove them
from our soil. We cannot believe the-charm of
British superiority awed his soul. But we now
publish to the world that we are more patriotic
than our predecessors.
No: I go for our title, and will support it as far
as I can; but I must admit that it is a question
which admits of controversy, or we should never
have entered into a controversy about it. And I
am willing to leave the question to that depart-
ment of the Government to which the adjustment
of such questions belongs, and not drive away all
possibility of negotiating it, by relaxing the nerves
of the department and disheartening all its efforts.
I sustain the President in his course; and I will
give my reasons for honoring him in what he has
recommended. While I might say that be is ready
to meet death on the pale horse, and ride down
England and trample her as dust under his feet, I
will say that I have confidence in the Executive.
We have had many speeches made here—and for
what? To toll us and tell the world about the
great West, and the great South, and the great
North; and how chivalrous they are; and how
resolvoti they are never to yield an inch to the
world in arms; all to cheat the President into the
belief that the time for negotiating on this question
of Orecon is gone by- This, in my opinion, is a
class of speeches that do not become us. I say,
on the contrary, that the greater the disposition
exhibited by the Piesident to settle this question,
in an honorable mannei, the more will he win for
himself the alfctionatc gratitude of the wise and
virtuous and Christian portion of the American
people.
I am for the notice. I do not believe, while
this convention continues, that Great Britain will
ever be willing to terminate this question of joint
occupancy of the territory. Why should she'
She has got all she asks under the treaty solemnly
guarantied to her What interest can she possibly
have ill settling it ? Is there anything to dispose
her to do so ? She has got all she wants—joint
occupancy and joint, privileges. It will be wise
that the question shall be settled at once.
But we are told that if it is just and right to give
this notice, then the pence men in both Houses
have got themselves into a false position. For
they say that giving the notice will stop nil avenues
to negotiation; that Great Britain is proud and
haughty, and that the notice will give her such
mortal "olJeneo that she will refuse to negotiate at
all. If she is so whimsical, so fastidious as all
that, I am not for indulging her humors. But I
do not believe any'such thing. To give the notice,
is one of the rights reserved to either party in the
convention itself. If the exercise of our undoubt-
ed right, causes her to take offence, I am not one
to consult her whims. But I do not think that
that sagacious Government will act like the invalid
whose stomach was so much out of order that he
could not take anything upon it at all, and could
not retain even that,.
Bu t, granting that war should be the result of
the notice, shall we*be any better off ten years
hence' Supposing that by delay we should re-
main without war for ten or twenty years, still will
not the notice be war? And do you not suppose
that our posterity will have the same love of peace
and the same indisposition towards the evils of
war that we have ? Why should notice be given
any more then than now? And would they settle
the question any better than we can? They say
yes; because then our population will have multi-
plied in Oregon. Well, and what then > Will that
settle a question of right?—a question of title? Sup-
pose we can out-settle and out-populate the Eng-
lish in Oregon ten to one: Will that abrogate a
national right' Will not the question remain still
untouched? Does the honorable Senator believe,
can he think so of his own Government, as to sup-
pose that because we shall then be strong we will
exact that which now we dare not demand .' Sure-
ly not. No, sir, no; not if we should have a fam-
ily settled on- every twenty acres in Oregon. The
question will be then just where it is now.
It is said that,, if we give this notice, at the- end.
of twelve months, if the question shall not be set-r
tied, there will be war. Well, sir, it is not un-
likely; but th^fioes not'scaje me. If every hon-
orable means oWftttling this controversy in a peace-
ful manner shall have been tried in vain; if Great
Britain shall be unjustand exacting in hardeman ds,
because she is resolved there shall he war-—I say,
let it come. Rut I do not*believe that such will ue
the case. I do not believe that she is any more
anxious for a war than we are. I believe that an
Englishman looks upon a field of blood and slaugh-
ter just as we look at it; and, with her enormous
debt, her grumbling population J her heavy taxes,
and vast expenditures, she is quire as unwilling to
enter on an unnecessary contest as we can be.
While a war will be to us disastrous, highly so, to
her it will be ruinous. Her manufactures require
peace; her commerce requires peace. Her bond-
holders'must become bankrupt, her social order
disturbed, if war should be forced upon her. In
every avenue her interests must suffer, and suffer^
deeply, and she knows it.
But I object to the doctrine that we must fight
any how, and there must be no negotiation. It is
true that, if we give notice, at the end of twelve
months there may be war. But are not twelve
months a long enough time to settle this question?
I should say, if wc cannot settle it in twelve
months, we cannot m twelve years. It is ample
time; and if negotiators cannot settle it in that time,
we will settle it for ouiselves. Before then, I ad-
mit there will probably be some controversy—and
we have no arbitrator; but I do,not fear the result
if wc honorably negotiate. Britain cannot desire -
a war with us. It is impossible. She may be
forced into if, or ambition may lead her into it, or
she may bo taunted and provoked into it. Cut her
manufacturers cannot do without what we can sup-
ply. To cut off the importation of^pur cotton could
not but be very ruinous to that vast interest.
I confoss that I felt my heart beat in unison with
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] in
much that he said to the Senate, when he talked to
us about the outrages of monarchical power in Eu-
rope. I felt my breast throb with the impulse to
rebuke those proud and oppressive Powers who
would draw their strangling arms around the
awakening energies of freedom throughout the
world. I felt in my inmost heart that the Sena-
tor's language was American in its spirit; and I am
an American. When I behold those Powers uni-
ting to crect their bastions on our southern flank,
and securing great commercial points—such as may
give them the command of the whole coast of the
southern continent—my heart beats high in my
bosom with the indignant spirit of a native of Ame-
rica; and I cannot but wish that all who inhabit
this continent should know and understand that
there aic hearts here which can vibrate in sympa-
thy with their own in eveiy effort to resist oppres-
sion. But while I have all these feelings in the
strongest degree, and I feel ready to bid England
an open defiance if she attempts to touch my coun-
try's rights, honor forbids that when I am myown
advocate and my own judge, I should treat the
claims of others against me with disrespect. Hon-
or, sir, our honor forbids it. And if we act on
any other principle, or in any other spirit, no part
of Christendom will hold us justified.
But the only question legitimate^ before us is
the question of notice-to Great Britain. That
alone should have been discussed here; and if I
have been drawn into remarks not strictly apply-
ingto that question, it has been by witnessing v^hat
seems to me to be a systematic effort to produce an
impression throughout this land that the question
of title to 54° 40'is a settled question; that the
Government has drawn that line, and resolved not
to give up a pebble or a sand on this side of it. I
have intended a part of my speech specially to re-
buke that endeavor. I fall out with none, how-
ever, who happen to differ from me in opinion
merely on the question of title.
I go for notice, with or without modification:
but, in consequence of the character of the debate,
I want to be put right upon the record. I go for
honorable negotiation; and I will not follow those
who would breathe in this notice the language of
war. The notice in itself is not a warlike meas-
ure, and could not be so understood were it not
from its connexion with the debate which precedes
