382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
it. I like very much the preamble of the resolu-
tions moved by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] I do not like so well
his resolution giving discretion to the President to
give the notice, but fettered by what he says in re-
lation to time. Could that feature bjifehang-cd I am
ready to go for tho resolution. Anal will go fur-
ther. Notwithstanding the imputation to which
I may expose myself of having a weak head and
an unpatriotic heart, I will add an amendment, de-
claring an earnest desire that the controversy may
be settled by negotiation, so as to preserve the
peace of both nations. There would be no neces-
sity for such an addition, were it not for the dis-
cussions which have taken place, and for the lan-
guage in which certain fiery spirits among us have
indulged. When the President and Congress shall
have shown to the reflecting and virtuous portion
of the country that they have exhausted all hon-
orable and proper means to settle the controversy,
if war shall come, it will find thousands of swords
drawn by an incensed people, ready to light the
Administration through all the darkness and the
horrors of war.
Mr. DIX obtained the floor.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the Senate go into
Executive business; but the motion did not pre-
vail; and thereupon
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 17, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
The SPEAKER announced the following as the
members composing the select committee yester-
day oidered to be appointed on the subject of re-
trenchment of the expenditures of the Wtfr Depart-
ment and the pay of the army:
Messrs. J. A* Black, Cullom, McDowell,
Barringer, Hiimgerford, C. B. Smith, White,
J. Davis, Seddom.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. BAKER, on leave given, introduced a me-
morial from the Legislature of Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
Tlie SPEAKER then proceeded to call for re-
ports from committees.
Mr. S. JONES, m pursuance of previous notice,
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a hill to
amend the judiciary system of the United States;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN gave notice of a motion,
by leave, to introduce bills of the following titles,
viz;
A bill to confirm certain land sales in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, and for other puiposes.
A bill to lay off certain towns on the public lands
in the Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made adverse reports upon the petitions
of William Mathias and citizens of the State of
Ohio, for the payment of claims on the Ottowa
Indians; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. BIGGS, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the claim of Clemens, Bryan,
&■ Co.; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary |
Claims be discharged from the consideration of,
the claim of Elijah W. Brown, and that it be laid j
upon the table. j
On motion of Mr. J., ' |
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary j
Claims be discharged from the consideration of ,
the petition of Clarinda Mix, widow of Amos
Mix, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. ST. JOHN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of '
the petition of Hayne M. Solomon, and that it be j
laid upoij the tabic. I
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Revo- ;
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report upon
the petition of Susan Campbell; which report was
laid upon the table.
?Mr. YANCEY, from the Committed on Private
Land Claims, made a report upon the petition of
Eli Merrill, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. RELFE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to direct the
President of the United States to sell the reserved
mineral lands in the State of Illinois, and in the
Territories of Iowa and Wisconsin, supposed to
contain lead ore, reported an amendatory bill, ac-
companied by a report in writing;
Ordered, lhat the said bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BUFFINGTON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the
case of Joseph De la Francia; which was laid upon
the table.
On motion of Mr. MILTON BROWN,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Benjamin Balch and associates, for the incor-
poration of a national life insurance company; and
that it be ]aid upon the table.
Mr. LEAKE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of Benjamin
Sayre, Thomas Jarrett, and R. A. Clements;
which were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce bo
discharged from the consideration of the petitions
of sundi y captains of vessels on the Potomac river,
praying that the draw in the Potomac river may
be opened for the passage of their vessels; and
that it be referred to the Committe for the District
of Columbia. "*
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of citizens of Edgar county, Illinois, for a
section of land for schools; and that it be laid
upon the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Pa-
cificus Ord; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of George E.
Graves, Joseph T. Atchinson, of the administra-
tors of Colonel John Anderson,'and of James B.
Watson, assignee of P. G. Hambaugh; which re-
ports were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. HOGE,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
from the memorial of B. S. Roberts, and that the
same be laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Joseph Sawyer; which was laid uoon the
table.
On motion of Mr. It.,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Samuel Donthcs, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. R. SMITH gave~notice of a motion for
leave to introduce bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill providing for the publication of the laws
and resolutions of Congress in certain newspapers
of the several States and Territories.
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Pierre Menard, Antoine Peltice, and Jo-
seph Placey.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. WEST-
WORTH asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill to establish the warehousing system; which
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. HILLIARD gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a bill to regulate the diplomatic
service of the United States.
Mr. RICE gave notice of a motion for leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of George Jackson
and others.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Benjamin Crawford; which report was laid upon
the table.
Mr. PAYNE, from the select committee to
which was referred the case of Alvin C. Goeli,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for
his relief, and for other purposes; which bill was ,|
read twice, and committed. ji
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid j!
Pensions, made adverse reports upon the petitions ||
of Joshua Pittman, Littleton Crabtree, and John !l
Asliton; which reports were laid upon the table. !
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made an adverse report upon
the petition of William Anglea; which report was •
laid upon the table. . '•
On motion of Mr. GOODYEAR,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid- Pen-.
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of F. B. De Bellevue;-and thatit berefer-
red to the Committee oil the Judiciary. •
On motion of Mr. GOODYEAR,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of Edith, widow of John Alexander, and Pat-
rick Gap; which petitions were laid upon tho
table.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of David-Hawkins, and that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. SEDDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports upon the cases of
John Dixon, Samuel Coney, Richard Robbins, and
citizens of the State of Alabama, in favor of allow-
ing N. A. Penland back pension; which reports
were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, • .
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petitions of Lucy Forbes, Mary B. Perry, and
other heirs of John Donnell and John Hoge, and;
that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made a report upon the pe-
j tition of William Bean, accompanied by a bill for
1 his relief; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the same committee, made
a report upon the petition of Ebenezer Contans,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. M. L.
MARTIN asked, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill to amend the act entitled "An act to grant a
quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin,
for the purpose of aiding in opening a canal, to .
connect the waters of Lake Michigan with those
of Rock river;-" which bill was read twice,"and
committed.
Mr. G. DAVIS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, made an adverse report upon the res-
| olution of the House of the 13th of January last,
j relative to allowing an outfit to the commissioner
to the Sandwich islands; which report was laid
upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary-
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of Benjamin I. Porter, and that it be laid
upon the table.
Mr. DODGE said that, not having any resolu-
tions to introduce, he would ask the indulgence of
the House to present a memorial from the Council
and House of Representatives of the Territory of
Iowa. It related to the long-contested question of
boundary between that Territory and the State of
Missouri; in reference to which it was known that
there now exists, and had existed for nearly .eight
years, a most unpleasant state of things, and one
which certainly called for the speedy interposition
of Congress. The Legislature of Iowa, anxious to
terminate this unhappy controversy, now came for-
ward and asked this Government—the Territory
being, in strict legal acceptation, a minor—to pass«
law authorizing the Governor of Iowa to accede to
the proposition of the authorities of Missouri, as
contained in the act of her Legislature, approved
25th March, 1845, for the commencement and
speedy determination of such suit as may be ne-
cessary to procure a final decision by the Supreme
Court of the United States upon the true location
of the northern boundary of Missouri. Mr. D.
was glad, from the advances which each of the con-
tending parties had made, that there was now every
prospect of an early and amicable decision of the
matter in dispute: and by a tribunal so august and
authoritative as forever to putitat rest. He moved
that the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Territories, from whom he knew that it would re-
ceive prompt attention, and that it be printed.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BOYD, adverting to the fact that the State
