1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
am sustained by the opinions and acts of General
Jackson, and tne present Executive of the United
States, and I believe also by the entire delegation
in Congress from Tennessee. They might perhaps
oppose it on the score of expediency, but not upon
constitutional grounds. The lands acquired by pur-
chase, however, present quite a different question.
All agree that Congress has no power to collect a
revenue for the States. That power is limited by
the Constitution to the collection of a revenue for
the support of the General Government alone; and
Congress could not, therefore, distribute among: the
States a revenue thus collected. It follows, there-
fore, that Congress could not indirectly distribute
the revenue by first investing it in public lands,
and then selling the lands and distributing their
proceeds.
Then as to the expediency of distributing the
proceeds of this small remnant of refused lands,
acquired by cession—and here it is worthy of re-
mark, that I am not committed to the policy for
the sake of distribution, but in view of the present
state of our finances, as I understand them to be—
T could not perceive any serious objection to the
adoption of that policy, that is, if the treasury was
in a flourishing condition, free from debt, or nearly
so, with a high tariff, greatly above the revenue
point. ^ I did not then, nor do I now, suppose that
the tariff could be suddenly reduced to that point,
if at all, but that it would be, as it was in 1832,
gradually reduced to the proper revenue point. In
this condition of the treasury and of our revenue
laws, unless something was done to prevent it, a
surplus would inevitably accumulate in the treas-
ury, thereby creating a much more dangerous and
perplexing question than the distribution of the
proceeds of these public lands. It was not, then,
for the sake of distribution I threw out this sug-
gestion, but to prevent, if possible, the accumula-
tion of a surplus in the treasury. Seeing, how-
ever, that I was mistaken as to the condition of the
treasury, and that there is yet a considerable bal-
ance of the national debt unpaid, I would not be
in favor of distributing even the proceeds arising
from this small remnant of public lands until that
debt is first paid, a surplus likely to accumulate,
and a flattering prospect for a long continued peacc
with all the nations of the world.
But, Mr. President, it has been charged against
me that I have done great injustice to General Jack-
son, by applying his message 'on the subject of
distributing the surplus revenue to the subject of
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands, and
thus insinuate that in doing this I was misrepresent-
ing the venerated dead, and practising a fraud upon
the living. Sir, this charge has given me more
pain than all the rest. No man who knows me,
and who knows mv deep veneration for the mem-
ory of that illustrious and distinguished soldier,
patriot, and statesman, could believe mc capable
of such an act. Sir, I am the last man who would
intentionally do injustice to General Jackson, or
misrepresent his conduct. That J have not done
so, remains for me to show. In doing this, I would
inquire of my accusers, if they know from what
source the surplus revenue was derived ? Was it
derived exclusively from customs, or from the pub-
lic lands, or from both ? If they can tell which or
what portion was derived from each source, they
can do more than any man or men I have ever
heard of. In 1835, the revenue derived from cus-
toms was $19,391,310 59, and from the public
lands was $14,757,600 75; and in 1836 from cus-
toms, $23,409,940 53, and from the public lands,
$24,877,179 86. In the previous years, the pro-
ceeds of the lands averaged about three and a half
millions per annum. Thus it will be seen that a
considerable portion of the surplus revenue, the
distribution of which was thus recommended by
General Jackson, was derived from the public
lands; and to distribute which was in fact to dis-
tribute a portion of their proceeds. Now, sir, I
ask, if Congress has the power to distribute die
one half, or any other portion of the proceeds of
the public lands, if that power does not extend to
the whole of them,—at what point will my accu-
sers make the distinction ? Will they inform me
what portion may, and what portion cannot, be
distributed? If, sir, they will do this, I will frank-
ly admit that I have done injustice to General Jack-
son; otherwise I cannot, and all their clamor on
this head must fall to the ground.
As to the Oregon territory, my first object, after
my arrival here, was to inform myself as to the
extent of the title of the United States to that ter-
ritory; and, from the examination which I have
been able to make, have come to the conclusion
that the United States is the rightful owner of the
whole of that territory. I had therefore deter-
mined to give my aid and support to all the meas-
ures recommended by the President in his Mes-
sage, with a view to establish and enforce our title
to the whole of that territory; and after the ex-
piration of the notice terminating the joint occupa-
tion of the country, I am prepared to give my
support to a bill organizing a Territorial Govern-
ment, and extending our laws over the whole
country. Sir, as T believe the title of the United
States is indisputable to the whole country, we
must either timidly abandon our right and title, or
we must resort to the necessary means to enforce
and support it. This, in my judgment, is the
only means of bringing the issue to a speedy ter-
mination, and I would adopt it. If war is to be
the result, I, for one, would prefer it now, rather
than to leave it as a legacy to the rising generation.
I am unwilling, even at the hazard of a war, to
sacrifice the interest, of my country.
Mr. President, I presume it is "unnecessary for
me to say that I am opposed to the establishment
of a bank of the United States. My opinions on
this subject have been so often expressed, that it
would be a waste of time to add anything further.
I desire, now to say a few words relative to a per-
sonal matter. Thirty-one of my enemies, mem-
bers of the Legislature of Tennessee, have pub-
lished an address, in which they denounced me in
no measured terms. 1 shall not attempt to answer
or to reply to their charges or denunciations, as the
charges relating to my safrifi.ee of principle have
been fully answered m my preceding remarks.
What I propose to notice now, are the facts upon
which their superstructure is built. To sustain
their malicious charges against me, the thirty-one
members say, "the first remark that must strike
every man, on re id nig Mr. Turney's address, is,
that although Mr. Turney set out with the decla-
ration that he was slandered, abused,and misrepre-
sented, pending the oh>«Mion, he hns wholly failed
to make any denial of the alleged concessions of
principle with which he stood charged.'' It is,
then, upon this supposed adnnssion of mine that
the people are now called upon, by 1 lie potency of
thirty-one. names, to censure and condemn me.
Would to God, Mr. President, yon had an inn-
mate acquaintance with these thirt,v-o>>o members,
headed with the nmw of Haivey ?4. Wattrrson!
And who is he, sir? An opponent of General Jack-
son ""s Administration throughout, as I have always
understood; one who, with zeal, advocated nnd
supported the election of Judge "White. In 1838,
he fixed his heart and eye on a seat in the other
end of this Capitol, and to enable him toller there,
he professed to turn a political somerset, and uni-
ted himself with (he Democratic party, and, by the
aid and contrivance of Mr. Nicholson, he obtained
the object of Ins wishes. In 1841 and the
districts were so changed as to preclude his re-elec-
tion, but he loved ofiiee, and desired to continue in
public life; whereupon he, commenced ennrtmg
Captain Tyler, became a strong Tyler man, nnd
finally obtained an appointment from the Captain,
and was subsequently most justly lejected by this
body. He returned to Tennessee, and is again a
most, flaming Democrat, (peihaps he desires to
come back to Congress.) Tins, Mr. President, is
one of the men who questions my Democracy, and
who has taken into his special keeping the memo-
ry of General Jackson. But, sir, to leturn to their
proof; and to this I say their premises arc false,
as will be seen by their own showing. In speak-
ing of my conduct pending the Senatorial election,
I say that the charges are slanders and misrenrc-
sentations of my course and conduct m that heated
contest. This, they say, is no denial of the truth
of these charges. This, sir, is a sort of special
pleading that I have not been accustomed to. I
say these charges are slanders and misrepresenta-
tions of my conduct. Does this admit or deny
the charges? If I had said that these charges were
false and reproachful—which is the same thing
that is meant by the term slanderous—would my
accusers have said that it was an admission of the
truth of those charges? This, by a perversion of
the meaning of words, is substantially what they
allege. Again: I said my conduct m the election
was misrepresented. Does not this mean that it
had been falsely represented, and to my disadvan-
tage? Should not this be regarded as a flat denial
of the charges? 1 wished to be thus understood,
and thought that I had so expressed myself in clear
and unequivocal terms. I now submit to the judg-
ment of an impartial public to say whether I have
not been slandered and misrepresented in the ad-
dress of the thirty-one members. t
One other precious piece of evidence they refer
to to establish my guilt, and then, sir, you have
the whole testimony before you. In their address
they say: "But no Whig ever ventured to deny
the charge, except some few, on the final ballot-
ing, when their names were called, arose in their
places, and declared their ignorance of any con-
cessions ever having been made by Mr. Turney,
but the body of the "Whigs by their silence or eva-
sions when interrogated, and their efforts to justify
Mr. Turney upon the supposition that the charges
were true." Here, sir, is the mass of evidence
collected by thirty-one of my enemies, and inge-
niously and falsely set forth with a malignant and
wicked design of destroying me m the public es-
timation. What fact is here proven ^ None.
They have suppressed the fact that my friends,
immediately on the charges being made, flatly de-
nied and contradicted these charges on my author-
ity. Could r or my friends have done more ? Put,
sir, to their proof: the Whigs, they say, were
silent, some evaded, some justified on the suppo-
sition that I might be guilty, and some denied.
They make the Whigs their winesses after they
had failed to prove anything by them. They, in
eOeet, sav these Whigs _ are great rascals—they
are fraudulently suppressing the truth; and, there-
fore, from their silence we infer Tumey's guilt,
and that those who have denied have spoken false-
ly. This, sir, is the inference they make in order
to affect me. Was it ever allowed in a court of
justice for a man to discredit his own witnesses?
'In the first place (he assertion in this paragraph,
that no Whig ventuicd to deny, &c. until the final
vote was taken, is not true m point of fact; and
these thirty-one members must have known it was
not true, when they made this address. And
again, they say, another portion evaded. Who
they arc, and how they evaded, we are not told.
True, they give the name of Mr. Cullum, of Smith,
as one instance of evasion. Colonel Cullum being
catechised in debate, denied their right thus to in-
terrogate him; bat I am informed that m a con-
versation afieiwards, he told Mr. Watterson he
had no knowledge of the alleged charges; and yet
Mr. Wotteisnn suppresses this fact from his co-
adjutors, and from the public; and now urges
Colonel Cullum's refusal to be catechised as an
evidence of my guilt. He must be a great lover
of truth and fair dealing to resort to so base a trick
to accomplish a wicked design. Who else evaded
they do not condescend to tell us. The third and
last item in this paragraph is this: "And their
efforts to justify Mr. Turney upon the supposi-
tion that tilr charges were true.'' This allegation
is equally dw.-tive untrue P is confidently
bcUe\ed * that not a single member of the Whig
party attempted to justify my making concessions
upon principle, who did not, previous to such at-
tempt, and in the same speech, deny any knowl-
edge of any such concessions being made; for the
truth of which, I will rcf^r the public to the report
of the debates on the, subject. This paragraph^ I
am confident, is a literal' copy from the e duo rial
article previously published in the Nashville Union.
But suppose \\e assume to be correct, all they
allege to be true, and what is it' A portion was
silent, a portion evaded, a portion, on principle,
attempted to justify, on the supposition that it
murht be true, and another portion denied all
knowledge whatever. Would you convict a dog
on such a statement—silent—evaded—justified—
but none said I was guilty, while many testified
to my innocence. This, sir, is the sum and sub-
stance of all the proofs and arguments; and then
they conclude by a most solemn appeal to the
people to arouse their indignation against me that
they may censure and denounce me.
1 cannot close this review without presenting
another fact to the public mind. These gentlemen
seek to destroy me for no other reason than that I
resisted caucus dictation and caucus discipline.
This is my unpardonable sin. Let us examine
their consistency. Who was the caucus nominee?
Air. Nicholson; and what was his position on this
subject5 I am told by several honorable gentle-
men that, in 1839. Judge Grundy was the nominee
