888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
for Senator; that Mr. Nicholson so managed as to
get six or eight Democratic members to pledge
themselves to vote against any man that a certain
gentleman, then high in office m Tennessee, might
deyire to be elected, and this gentleman was known
to be in favor of Judge Grundy. Mr. Nicholson
had also procured a pledge from, if not all, at least
some, of the leading Whigs to give him their en-
tire vote—which, when added to the six or eight
Democrats, would be a majority,and would defeat
the caucus nominee. He was resolved on doing
so,and was prevented only by the few Democrats
declaring for Mr. Grundy, and leaving liim with
none but the Whig support. What is the differ-
ence between his and my case? It is—first, I had
a specific strength in spite of all efforts to the con-
trary; be had none, and was therefore defeated. I
received the Whig vote, and therefore he and his
friends charge that I made pledges to the Whigs;
he had the promise of the Wliig vote, and from his
own argument, of course, he made pledges to the
Whigs. He and his friends allege that this is a
sufficient reason to read me out of the party. The
same judgment for the same offence ought, of
course, to be rendered against him. But he and
his friends may say I have beat him at his own
game, and therefore I must be condemned. If I
did so—and that, too, after he had stocked the
cards upon me—I think I ought to be, as he has
been, pardoned for the offence.
The resolutions presented by Mr. Turney were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the petition of
Harriet L. Catching, praying to be released from
the payment of a judgment obtained against her by
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PENNYBACKER presented the petition
of tlie heir of John Carr, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension due said Carr; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. P. also presented a petition from the heir
of Thomas Hutchison, deceased, a revolutionary
soldier, praying a pension; which also was refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of the heirs of Presley Thornton, de-
ceased, an officer of the revolutionary army, pray-
ing to be allowed commutation pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HANNEGAN piesented the petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying the establishment of a
naval depot at Toledo, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. EVAN'S submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be re-
quired to communicate to the Senate any despatch
or information he may have received from either
of the Ministers of the United States abroad upon
the subject of a ship canal across the isthmus of
Panama, and of opening new channels of commu-
nication with the eastern nations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave, and introduced
a bill to amend the act approved June J7, 1844,
entitled " An act to provide for the adjustment of
laud claims within tlie States of Missouri, Aikan-
sas, and Louisiana, and in those parts of the
States of Mississippi and Alabama south of the
31st degree of north latitude, and between the
Mississippi and Perdido rivers."
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The PRESIDENT announced that the first
business in order was the resolution submitted
several days since by Mr. Hannegan, providing
for the printing of 50,009 copies of the recent Mes-
sage of the President of the United States, trans-
mitting the diplomatic correspondence with rela-
tion to the Oregon territory, together with said
correspondence.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked leave to withdraw
said resolution; which was, on motion, agieed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following reports of standing committees, viz:
The adverse report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, on the petition of Lewis Evans, praying
indemnity for property destroyed by Cherokee In-
dians; which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims, on the petition of Henry Northup; which i
was concurred in. I
Aiso, the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims, on the petition of Isaac Lilly.
Mr. EVANS said that he found this report on
the table this morning, when he found that certain
evidence in support of the claim of the petitioner,
which was on file in the Treasury Department,
had not been obtained for the use of tlie commit-
tee ; he therefore moved that the report be recom-
mitted, in order that the petitioner might have the
benefit of the evidence alluded to; which motion
was agreed to.
The Senate also proceeded to tlie consideration of
the adverse report of the Committee on Pensions,
on the petition of Caroline E. Saunders; which re-
port was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Hannah Branch; which
report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the [Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of James Hyde; which
report was concurred in.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a bill making the annual appropriation for the
payment of revolutionary and other pensions for
the year ending June 30th, 1847.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.
SPECIAL ORDER.
At one o'clock, the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, being the joint res-
olution of Mr. Ai.i.kn, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give no-
tice to Great Britain of the intention of the United
States to annul the convention for the joint occu-
pancy of the Oregon territory, and the resolutions
of Messrs. Hannegan, Calhoun, and Critten-
dex, and the joint resolution passed by the House
of Representatives on the same subject.
The question pending being on the substitute
moved by Mr. Orittknden,
Mr. DIX rose to address the Senate, stating
that, as he understood the Senator from Indiana
desired to make an explanation, he would yield
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I am obliged to the Sena-
tor from New York for affording me this opportu-
nity of offering an explanation—a very brief one,
and one with which I would not have troubled the
Senate, but that in both the " Union" and "In-
telligencer," this morning, I find a statement re-
ported to have been made by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt,] who addressed the Sen-
ate yesterday, in relation to the course which I
pursued upon the Texas treaty. I stated on yes-
terday that that course had been induced by an ap-
prehension in my mind that, if the Texas question
were settled before final action on Oregon, I appre-
hended Punic faith—Punic faith. The Senator
from Georgia will undeistand what that means.
The Senator from Georgia replied that my oppo-
sition to Texas was anterior to the assembling of
the Baltimore convention. Jt is writh reference
only to that point that I desire to explain; and in
support of my statement, I refer to my friend from
! Arkansas on the left, [Mr. Sevier,] and my friend
from Missouri on the right, [Mr. Atchison,] with
both of whom I held repeated conversations, con-
fidential and otherwise. I appeal to both of them
to say whether, up to the time of the Baltimore
convention, I was not, fioin the commencement of
that session of Congress, a decided friend to the
immediate annexation of Texas. What I saw
which induced me to apprehend a breach of faith
at that convention, it is unnecessary at present to
detail. But my friend who sits here, on repeated
occasions, up to the moment at which the final vote
was taken, and when I occupied ray seat there, and
alone of every member of the Senate declined to
vote either way—my friend here, I say, knows that
< he repeatedly urged upon me to vote for the treaty,
! notwithstanding my apprehensions, and that I re-
' fused to do so, for I did apprehend that if Texas
weie brought in—if we annexed Texas without
; some definite action on Oregon—the Baltimore res-
I olutions would be construed to mean all Texas and
, the half of Oregon with certain gentlemen—with
J certain gentlemen. The result will show whether
I was right or not.
Mr. ATCHISON believed that the Senator from
Indiana had stated what, according to his (Mr.
A.'s) recollection, was perfectly true. They had
various conversations upon this subject preceding
the Baltimore convention, and subsequently to it.
Prior to that time the Senator from Indiana had
himself agreed in relation to the vote which they
should give. After that time his friend from In-
diana suggested the course which he intended to
adopt, and asked his (Mr. A.'s) concurrence. But
he (Mr. A.) could not for one moment entertain
the same sentiments that his friend entertained,
although he related circumstances not necessary
to detail to tlie Senate, that somewhat, although
they did not affect his (Mr. A.'s) opinion, did in
his friend's opinion, satisfy him as to the course
he pursued on that subject, and hence he neither
voted for nor against the treaty. The Sen-
ator from Indiana knew that he (Mr. A.) was as
anxious to acquire territory in the South as in tlie
North. In other words, he was as anxious for the
immediate annexation of Texas as he was for the
immediate occupation of Oregon. It was his opin-
ion , and also that of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hannegan,] that both measures should be carried
on pari passu. The House of Representatives
passed a resolution annexing Texas to the United
States, which canie to the Senate and was disposed
of, resulting in the annexation of Texas. The
House of Representatives, immediately after they
had disposed of the resolution annexing Texas to
the United States, passed a bill satisfactory to all
the friends of the immediate occupation of Oregon.
That bill came to the Senate, and strengthened his
belief in the hopes he cherished that good faith
would be observed. But the Senator from Indiana
did not take the same view, and has on frequent
occasions explained to me why he refused to vote
at all.
Mr. SEVIER felt himself called on to make a
statement with reference to the explanatory re-
marks of his friend the Senator from Indiana, with
whom he had been very intimate since he had been
in Congress. He knew that he [Mr. Hannegan]
was a Texas man up to the time of the Baltimore
convention; since then, he had not been as zealous
on that question as before, in consequence, as he
states, of suspicion with regard to certain southern
gentlemen, that they went more for Texas than
Oregon. He (Mr. S.) did not intend to make a
speech on this occasion at all; but he would say
that his surprise had been very great that every
movement made against Oregon—the question be-
ginning with Mr. Jefferson, continued under Mr.
Monroe, and also by Mr. Floyd, of Vtrgima—had
invariably sprung from southern men and slave-
holders; and now, when the question was again
before Congress, the opposition, as formerly, came
from a southern man, and a slaveholding State.
These facts were known to every body. It was to
be regretted that the Senator from Indiana should
have expressed doubts with respect to the integrity
of any part of the country on this question; but
certainly he had some grounds for his opinion.
He did not vote for the Texas treaty, which he
(Mr. S.) and all the Senator's friends regretted.
The reasons for that course he had frankly and
correctly stated.
OREGON "THE NOTICE."
Mr. DIX again rose, and proceeded to address
the Senate on the special order of the day. He
said:
In entering into the debate on the question un-
; der consideration, I feel constrained to differ in
i opinion with two distinguished Senators who have
! preceded me, in relation to the manner in which
! the discussion should be conducted. I allude to
I the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] who opened
I the debate, and the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
' J. M. Clayton,] who followed him. Both took the
I ground, and with equally strong language, that the
; title to Oregon ought not to be drawn into this dis-
1 cusssion;but for totally different reasons—the Sen-
; ator from Ohio, because the time for discussing it
j had gone by; and the Senator from Delaware, be-
s cause the time for discussing it had not arrived,
i With the unfeigned respect which I entertain for
, both Senators, I dissent from their opinions with
| great diffidenceof myown. But I am constrained to
; regard the question of our rights in Oregon, as one
; on" which the propriety of the measures proposed
I peculiarly and eminently depends. AVThat is the
| proposition before the Senate? It is, to give 10
I Great Britain the notice of twelve months, by vir-
!• tue of which the treaty between her and the Unt-
il ted States, stipulating that the territory of Oregon
if shall be free and open to the people of both coun-
