1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
' had been visited, and already examined a few
' miles beyond where my researches during the
' excursion had extended, malting the land I had
' been in doubt about, an island; continuing nearly
' in the same direction about four leagues further
' than had been seen by us, and by the Spaniards
' named Pavida, [Feveda.]"
By turning back to page 204, vol. 2, it will ap-
pear that Vancouver's examination terminated at
50° 6' north latitude; so that the Spaniards, before
his arrival, by his own acknowledgment, had ex-
amined the Strait of Puca to a point north of that
parallel; and by turning to page 249, vol. 2, it will
be seen that, on parting with Sefior Galiano, the
latter furnished him with " a copy of his survey
and other particulars relative to the inlet of the
sea, which contained also that part of the neigh-
boring coast extending northwestward from the
Straits of De Puca, beyond Nootka, to the latitude
of 50O 3', longitude 232° 48'."
What, then, becomes of this complete " case of
discovery, exploration, and settlement,'' in respect
to Quadra and Vancouver's Island, and the Strait
of Fuca? It is proved by Vancouver himself
that the Spaniards had partially surveyed and
mapped the shores of the strait as high as 50° a
year before he arrived on the coast. And if we
turn to his Journal, vol. 2, page 339, it will be seer)
that Galiano and Valdes arrived at Nootka on the
1st of September, three days after him, by a
" route through Queen Charlotte's Sound," round
the northern point of the island, " to the southward
of that which we had navigated," and of course
following its shores more closely than he. " The
strongest possible claim to the exclusive posses-
sion of the island," to use Mr. Pakenham's lan-
guage, is not, therefore, as he asserts, in Great
Britain; but, as shown by Vancouver himself, it
was in Spain then, and is in us now.
But, sir, I have a word to say in relation to the
whole subject of Vancouver's exploration.
It would seem that the Spaniards, in the autumn
of 1793, had become distrustful of Vancouver's
objects in the survey of the northwest coast. At
the bay of St. Francisco, although he had every-
where before been treated with a civility by the
Spaniards, for which his Journal abounded in ex-
pressions of gratitude, he was subjected to restric-
tions, which he denominates " unexpected, ungra-
cious, and degrading " On his arrival at Mon-
terey on the 1st of November, the Spanish com-
mander, Arrillaga, declined holding any verbal
communication with him, but addressed to him
questions in writing as to the objects of his voyage;
to which Vancouver promptly replied—
" That the voyage in which we were engaged
' was for the general use and benefit of mankind,
'and that, under these circumstances, we ought
' rather to be considered as laboring for the good
' of the world in general, than for the advantage of
' any particular sovereign, and that the Court of
'Spain would be more early informed, and as
• much benefited by my labors, as the kingdom of
' Great Britain."—Vol. 4, p. 309.
Here is the confession of Vancouver himself,
that there was no intention of interfering with the
territorial rights of Spain, and that no special ad-
vantages were sought for by Great Britain. It is
the highest evidence, the evidence of cotempora-
neous exposition, against the claims of the British
Plenipotentiary, and it demolishes the whole fabric
of the British title, so far as it is built on Van-
couver's explorations.
"While on this part of the subject, I desire also
to call the attention of the Senate to the manner in
which the Oregon question has been discussed in
the British Parliament by some of the most distin-
guished members of both branches of that body.
I wish to do so, for the purpose of correcting great
inaccuracies, and also for the purpose of showing
how imperfectly the subject appears to be under-
stood by those who, from their elevated positions,
are under the strongest moral obligations to pos-
sess themselves of the truth, in order that the pub-
lic wind of Great Britain may not be misled and
inflamed on their high authority.
In the House of Lords, on the 4th of April last,
immediately after the reception of the President's
inaugural speech, the subject was brought forward
by the Earl of Clarendon, not in the usual form of
a call on her Majesty's Ministers for information,
but in pursuance of a notice which he had given
on the preceding day of his design to invite the
attention of the House to the question. In the
course of his remarks, he undertook to give a
sketch of the claims of Great Britain and the Uni-
ted States to the territory of Oregon. I shall, in
respect to the former, quote his own words from
the London Times, a source to which we may
confidently look for an accurate report of his lord-
ship's remarks. I shall confine myself strictly to
the question of title in all I have to say in refer-
ence to these debates, avoiding carefully all allu-
sion to the offensive language with which they
were in some instances connected:
" In the first place, my Lords, if priority of dis-
' covery could constitute title, our claim would
' be unquestionable; for Sir Francis Drake, when
' he first visited that country in 1558, found all the
' land unappropriated, and took possession of it,
' giving it the title of New Albion. I do not mean
' to say that this constitutes a claim; but owing,
' subsequently, to a seizure of British vessels at
' Nootka, and to a dispute which arose in conse-
' quence, it was arranged by the tieaty of the Es-
' curial that the subjects of the contracting parties
' should not be molested in fishing and making
' settlements in parts not hitherto occupied. In
' 1792, the country adjacent to the Columbia river
' was taken possession of by Cook, and was ex-
' plored in 1813 by the Northwestern Company,
' now called the Hudson Bay Company, who es-
' tablished themselves in Port St. George, under
' the government of British laws, continuing to
' the present day, and being the first estnbhsh-
' ment in that country of a lawful and national
' character, and recognised as such by foreign
'States."
In the paragraph I have read, there are nume-
rous errors m the statement of facts, and I must
ask the indulgence of the Senate while I point
some of them out.
1. Sir Francis Drake arrived on the northwest
coast of America in 1579, and not in 1558, as sta-
ted by Lord Clarendon, making a difference of
twenty-one years in point of time. If this error, of
date, which may possibly be typographical, were
the only one, I should not have troubled the Senate
with any reference to it. But there are graver
misapprehensions in this statement. It will be
seen, that though Lord Clarendon does not ven-
ture to refer to Sir Francis Drake's visit to the
northwest coast as constituting a title of itself, he
presents it as evidence of" priority of discovery.''
Sir, that navigator can, in no just sense, be said to
have visited the disputed territory of which Lord
Clarendonwas speaking. The territory commences
at the 42d parallel of latitude, and runs north to
54° 40'. Sir Francis Drake landed at 38°. He
sailed along the coast north of this parallel, accord-
ing to the best authorities only as high as 43°.
Nor can his visit, in any just sense, be regarded
as a discovery. The bay of St. Francisco, where
he landed, was previously known. The country
had been seen thirty years before as high as the
43d parallel by Ferrclo, who was sent out by the
Viceroy of Mexico, for the express purpose of ex-
ploring and extending the dominion of Spain over
it; and it was taken possession of at or near the
very point where Drake landed, and at various
others, long before the Government of Great Brit-
ain claimed any ri^ht of possession, growing out
of this pretended discovery, and the visits of her
navigators to the northwest coast.
Besides, Drake's expedition was in the nature
of a piratical enterprise, and not an enterprise of
legitimate warfare. England and Spain were at
peace. It is true, the two sovereigns, Elizabeth
and Philip, were engaged in secret plots against
each other—the former by fomenting disturbances
in the Low Countries, and the latter by setting on
, foot rebellions in Ireland; but it was several years
before these intrigues broke out into the open hos-
tility, of which the chief incident was the destruc-
tion of the invincible Armada. (Sir, the con-
tradiction of terms is the work of history, not
mine.) Yet Elizabeth, after Drake's return to
England, on the application of the Spanish ambas-
sador complaining of his piracies, restored a por-
tion of the booty he had taken, and by this resti-
tution admitted the unlawfulness of his expedition.
It is only necessary to look into Hume to see in
what light it basftalways been viewed by the eye
of legitimate history. Sir, it should need some
boldness, one would think, to set up a claim even
to " priority ofdiscovery" on the basis of a trans-
i action like this.
I 2. Lord Clarendon states that the country adja-
cent to the Columbia river was taken possession of
in 1792 by Captain Conk. Sir, Captain Cook never
saw the Columbia river, or landed in the immedi-
ately-adjacent country. His visit was to Nootka
Sound, on the island of Quadra and Vancouver,
separated from the continent by the Strait of Fuca.
His voyage is referred by Lord Clarendon to the
year 1792! It was, in fact, made in 1778, fourteen
years before the Columbia river was entered or
even certainly known to exist. Ten years after
Cook's voyage to the coast, Meares, on whose ex-
plorations the British Government partially rests
its title, reported he could say with certainty, no
such river as the St. Roc (the Columbia) existed.
Four years later still, Vancouver, after a most
careful examination of the coast, came to the same
conclusion, as wc have seen. Sir, Lord Claren-
don evidently confounded the voyage of Cook with
that of Vancouver, without an accurate reference
to either.
3. It is equally erroneous to say. that the North-
west Company explored the country in 1813, and
established themselves in Port St. George. Ex-
plorations had been made, first by Lewis and Clarke,
military officers in the service of the United States,
and then by Thompson and others, in the service
of the British and American Fur companies. But
no particular explorations, I believe, were made
in the year referred to. The stock and property
of the American Company at Astoria weie sold to
the Northwest Company in that year; but the
placc was restored to the United States in 1818,
and no attempt was made by the Government of
Great Britain to extend its laws over any part of
the territory until 1821, eight years after the time
at which Lord Clarendon represents Astoria as
being under the government of British laws, hav-
ing the character of a national establishment of
Great Britain, and recognised as such by foreign
nations. Sir, it has never possessed such a nation-
al character, or been so recognised. If his lord-
ship had taken the trouble to look at the statement
of the British commissioners, (Messrs. Huskisson
and Addington,) in 1826, he would have found
they distinctly denied that it was a "national pos-
session" or a "military post" in the hands of the
Americans; and they endeavored to show by ar-
gument that it was not such in the hands of the
Northwest Company after its purchase. Its res-
toration to us in 1818 is incompatible with the as-
sumption that it has such a national character now.
The assumption is equally inconsistent with the
conditions of the treaties between Great Britain
and the United States, which virtually preclude
such an exclusive exercise of sovereignty on her
part as to give any establishments made by her
subjects a character of nationality. Nay, sir, it
is inconsistent with the claims of Great Britain
herself, whose commissioners, in 1826, expressly
renounced all pretensions to a right of exclusive
sovereignty over any portion of the Oregon terri-
tory. It is difficult to fancy a paragraph of as
many words so replete with error as the one on
which I am commenting.
I regret to say that the subject was presented to
the House of Commons with, if possible, still
greater misrepresentations, and from an equally
distinguished source; though I might not have felt
myself called on to notice them, but for their con-
nexion with the incidents I have been examining,
and particularly the question of title.
The subject was introduced into the House of
Commons by Lord John Russell, much in the
same manner as it was presented to the House of
Lords—not ill the shape of a call for information,
but in the nature of a protest against some of the
positions talcen by the President in his inaugural
speech. This gentleman is a distinguished mem-
ber of the Whig party, a member of a former Min-
istry, and was recently called on by her Majesty
to form another, but did not succeed. I will now
read to the Senate that part of his lordship's re-
marks which relates to the discovery of the Co-
lumbia river, one of the principal historical facts
on which the United States rest their claim to the
Oregon territory:
" Now, it appears that Captain Vancouver was
' sent out by the British Government to discover
< the line of coast, and to take possession of cer-
' tain parts laid down in his instructions; and here
' we come to another part of the claims of the
' United States—to a part of their claims where
1 they put in their claim to discovery upon a trans-
' action which I will now proceed to relate. Itap-
