1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
Mr. WICK said that the proposition before the
committee is to add to the appropriations for the
Seminole Indians the proviso moved by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Culver.] And the
honorable member from Ohio [Mr. G-iddincs]
has supported that amendment in a speech, in the
course of which he has told us, in substance, that
this appropriation is to meet an amount stipulated
to be paid to the Serrrinoles, for certain fugitive
slaves by them surrendered, on our making with
them the treaty of peace, by which the Florida
war was terminated.
Well, sir, I am not very fully informed as to this
matter. I know, however, that I find the country
pledged by treaty stipulation to pay the money to
the Seminoles. Treaties, next to the Constitution,
are the supreme law of the land, and binding upon
the nation and upon this House; and therefore, ad-
mitting the case to be as stated by the honorable
memberfrom Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] weare bound
to vote the appropriation, and to pay it, without
proviso or condition. But my information, slight
as it is, extends further than the statement of the
honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
Sir, we had a war with the Seminoles. During
and about the time of that war slaves, fugitives
from the service of citizens of the United States,
sought a dwelling with the Seminoles. In other
instances they were stolen from our citizens by the
Seminoles. The war, like all other wars, had an
end, and was concluded by treaty. The slaves
were found in possession of the Seminoles, and
were claimed by them as slaves. By the Seminole
laws, as with us, the Seminole claiming a slave
was not bound to surrender him for the good of
his nation without compensation. The American
masters claimed their slaves, and their claim was
paramount, and was of necessity acknowledged,
the slaves being fugitives from service. The ad-
verse claims to these slaves interposed a barrier to
peace. Finally, the matter was adjusted thus:
The United States, pursuant to the benign policy
which they have ever observed towards the Indian
tribes, purchased the claims of the Seminole tribe
to Florida for a large sum of money. The Semi-
noles agreed that out of this sum should be retain-
ed in the hands of the United States the prices of
the fugitive slaves, to be paid from time to time.
"This was arranged so that the specific sum thus
appropriated by the United States, might be thus
designated to, and understood by, the Indians, and
divided amongst those of the tribe who had claim-
ed to be the owners of the slaves. Thus the Seminole
nation constituted the United States a trustee for
the benefit of certain members of the tribe, and the
United States assumed the trust, and solemnly
covenanted by treaty stipulations to see the money
paid. Thus, then, the money which we are called
upon to appropriate is not the price of runaway
slaves, but a part of the purchase money of Flori-
da.
And upon this mere pretence of an occasion, the
honorable member from Ohio, beset by the pains of
parturition, his single idea struggling for birth, has
been safely brought to the li^ht in a new form, and
the committee has been called on to listen to the
most solemn appeals, and each member has been
summoned to the bar of public opinion, and of
God's infallible judgment, to answer for voting for
this appropriation. Sir* the honorable gentleman
had better reserve his appeal for another occasion.
I would respectfully commend to him the advicc
given out West, by a benevolent Frenchman, to
his neighbor. His neighbor had a lawsuit. I<irst,
the court decided against him. On a new trial, a
jury decided against him. On another new trial,
arbitrators decided against him. From the award
of arbitrators there is no appeal. He made his
complaint to my French friend, and asked his ad-
vice. "Sare," (said my Frenchman,) "1 would
advise yott to appeal to posterity and the immortal
gods." The honorable member from Ohio will do
well to make his appeal to some non-existent, or
imaginary tribunal; for while our Constitution
sanctions the holding to service of persons by
the people of certain States, the existence of the
Union will depend upon the recognition of that
rio-ht, and fhe enforcement thereof in the non-slave-
holding States, whenever they are constitutionally
called upon to act touching the same. And although
vast numbers may be found to condemn slavery on
principles of morals and political economy, few are
so blind, so ignorant, and fanatical as to justify a
breach of faith, pledged to a poor helpless tribe of
Indians, too powerless to resent our injustice, be-
cause in so doing we may indirectly do justice in a
pecuniary point of view to a slaveholder touching
his claim to a slave's labor.
Sir, our people arc honest. They find the coun-
try bound by treaty for a sum of money. They
have confidence in the treaty-making power, and
that the debt is just. But even if they knew it to
be unjust, yet would they pay so small a sum as
this, rather than suffer their honor to be impugned.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the member from Indi-
ana vote to tax his constituents to pay for the ar-
rest and reclamation of fugitive slaves?
Mr. WICK. When my country by treaty
pledges its faith for the payment of money to a
nation, or tribe, too weak to resist, or to see itself
righted, I will vote to tax my constituents to raise
the money to pay the debt without fearing their
disapprobation, and without reference to the con-
sideration of the pledge. Were I to disregard the
obligations of treaties, or of the Constitution, from
what I know of my constituents, I believe they
would regret having placed their honor and politi-
cal interests in my keeping.
Mr. SAWYEll said he would not have troubled
the committee with a word, had it not been for
some remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Giddings.]
He had asked his colleague some questions in re-
gard to this appropriation—whether it was the
tact, and whether the gentleman could show it,
that any portion of it was for the payment for fu-
gitive slaves. His colleague haa retorted upon
him by saying that he (Mr. S.) ought to have
known the pro\isions of that bill. Well, now, he
undertook to say that the gentleman did him in-
justice, and to say that there were no such provis-
ions in this bill, and no such provisions m the
treaty on which the bill is predicated.
Mr. GIDDINGS interposed, and (Mr. S. yield-
ing the floor for explanation") said the gentleman
had wholly misapprehended his remarks. He lind
stated to his colleague definitely that the facts to
which he had referred were witnessed by the nr- j
chives of the nation. He had said nothing about the
bill, but that this treaty was entered into in con-
sideration of those facts which he had related, lie
did not say that Ins colleague should have known
the bill, but that he should have known the facts
within the archives of the Government on which
the treaty was based, and appiopriations for car-
rying out which treaty were found m this bill.
Mr. SAWYER resumed. It was a verv saga-
cious way (he said) of getting out of the difficulty
of answering a question, by meeting it with gen-
eral declamation, and by charging him (Mr. S.)
with being ignorant of (he facts connected with
the legislation of the country in which they were
now engaged. Now, he charged the gentleman
that he was making denunciations against him
(Mr. S.) and other members of the IIcuisc, upon
certain facts winch lie alleged, and that he has
been called upon repeatedly to produce those facts,
which hp utterly fails to do, attempting to excuse
himself, by saying that they arc in the archives of
the Government, 111 so w place, he does not know
where. The gentleman takes this course for the
sake of advancing his own interests, and the in-
terests of his friend, Mr. Behb, whom his party
has got up as a candidate for governor; and he
asks, in a threatening, menacing tone, whether
gentlemen will vote these appropiiations, which
arc necessary to preserve the faith of our Govern-
ment, as pledged by its own treaty with these
poor Indians. He (Mr. S.) told tiie gentleman
that he should vote for these appropriations, and
upon the principle that it was required by justice
to a class of men who were entitled at least to as
much of our respect as were the negroes, towards
whom the gentleman's sympathy was so wonder-
fully drawn out. It was but a few years since
that gentleman and his party cried out, "Lo! the
poor Indians!" And this candidate whom they
have up, Mr. S. had seen shed tears over the injus-
tice and inhumanity perpetrated (as they alleged)
by the Democrats on this race of men. They are
now endeavoring (said Mr. S.) to place us irt a
false position before the people of Ohio, in order
that they may get for the gentleman's particular
candidate every abolition vote in the State. He
had no doubt but they would get many of those
votes; there was where they belonged. He cared
not what new system was got up—whether of anti-
masonry, abolition, nativism, or anything of the
kind—the gentleman's party came out for it, pro-
claiming that it was some great scheme of justice
or of reform. They might change their name as
often as they pleased; it was one great common
object that all the different sections of that party
had in view. They take circuitous routes: por-
tions of them break off from the great body of the
party, but, like chickens at night, they come home
to roost; in other words, when the day of ballot-
ing comes, you see Whigeiy, Anti-masonry, and
every other faction ever raised in this country
joined hand in hand. That was the object of the
denunciations of the gentleman a few minutes ago
—of his declamations on the subject of "fugitive
slaves," the M African slave-trade," "piracy,"&c.
Mr. S. said there was a new principle of science
which he had read of, and which was about to be
propagated in this country, which he considered
applicable to the gentleman's ease, and which
would illustrate why it was that he had but one
single idea in his head, and that was negro first and
negro last. It was said that a single drop of blood,
by examining it with a microscope, was found to
be composed of millions of animalcules, and what
those animalculce are in a particular individual, de-
pends upon his peculiar temperament. Now, he
took it that a drop of the gentleman's blood, held
up and examined, would exhibit thousands and
millions of great negroes, standing up m battle ar-
ray, warlike and ferocious; and when a proposi-
tion like this, or any proposition which the gentle-
man's prolific imagination can, by anv possibility,
connect with the subject of slavery, is brought up,
you see these animalcukc—these negroes of which
the gentleman's blood is composed—thrown into
great confusion, and dashing against each other;
and that is what sets the gentleman in motion.
That doctrinc was the only one on which he could
account for the single idea which the gentleman
had m his head, and which brought him into
this House, time after time, repeating the same
speech on this one subject.
Mr. BROC [CENBR'OUGH said he was not dis-
posed to advocate this appropriation on account of
any peculiar love on the part of the people he rep-
resented for the Seminole Indians; but inasmuch
as some gentlemen might be induced to believe
that, as alleged, this appiopriation was for the
payment of these Indians for fugitive slaves; and
as it might be supposed that they might have been
the slaves of his constituents, he wished to call
the attention of gentlemen to the bill itself, to the
treaty under which the bill was required, and to
the treaty of Payne's Landing. He had not ex-
amined the archives of the Government with all
that care and particularity upon this subject which
had been professed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gipdings,! but he spoke of the treaty before
them here, and he submitted it was not for this
House to say that that treaty was entered into for
another consideration than tliat which it bore upon
its face, and which was obvious to all, when they
took the pains to examine it. They found that
the consideration was first to the Creeks for their
land, because the land had been guarantied to-the
Creeks by a former treaty, and afterwards our
Government had placed the Seminoles upon the
' same land. This fact appeared from the treaty,
and was told them by the President of the United
States, when he communicated the treaty to the
Senate, and was concuned in by the Senate of the
United States; and he did not feel disposed to go
back to question facts furnished upon such author-
ity, on the mere ipse dixit of any man, however
respectable he might be.
The other appropriations provided for by the
treaty of Payne's Landing, were not for fugitive
slaves, or slaves of any kind. Mr. B. read from
the treaty, and from tlie bill under consideration,
designed to carry the treaty into execution, the sec-
tions appropriating specifically for improvements of
the lands of the Indians, for pay of blacksmith, &c.
Mr. GIDDINGS made an inquiry with reference
to one provision of the treaty of Payne's Landing.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH, in reply, read the
clause of the treaty in question, as follows:
"Art. 10. The Seminoles, being anxious to be
relieved from repeated vexatious demands for
slaves, and other property, alleged to have been
stolen and destroyed by them, so that they remove
unembarrassed to their new homes, the United States
stipulate to have the same properly investigated,
and to liquidate such as may be satisfactorily es-
tablished, provided the amount does not exceed seven
thousand dollars
