1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
it be to the limited extent I have stated. During
the last thirty years, all rights have been suspend-
ed by treaty arrangements between the only two
Powers who can, with any face, set up a claim to
the exercise of sovereignty over the territory to
which it attaches. In the consideration of national
interests in territorial possessions, it is a narrow
view to bind down sovereign States to all the rigor-
ous technicalities of private tenures. Great prin-
ciples of national right, viewed liberally, and ap-
plied according to the proclaimed intentions of the
parties, are the only guides worthy of statesmen
or Governments in the settlement of questions of
sovereignty over the unoccupied portions of the
earth we inhabit. The object of Spain, in respect
to the northwest eoast, was settlement—permanent
occupation. The object of Great Britain was com-
merce, traffic, transient occupation. Tested by the
principles I have stated, i cannot hesitate to con-
eider the Spanish title to the northwest coast of
America, which has of late been so much dispar-
aged , as vesting rights in us which are unimpeach-
able.
I said at the commencement of my remarks that
one of my objects was, to defend the Spanish title,
by stating the historical facts on which it rests. I
have performed the task which I allotted to myself,
i will only add that, with what I have said, I am
content, so far as I am concerned, to leave the whole
question where it now is, in the hands of the Ad-
ministration, relying on its firmness and its sense
of rectitude to sustain our just rights, and to respect
the just rights of others.
So conscious is Great Britain of the invalidity of
her title, that she does net venture to assert a right
to the exclusive sovereignty of any portion of the
territory. In 182fi she claimed only a right of joint
occupancy, in common with other powers; but
denied the right of exclusive dominion in the Uni-
ted States. While insisting that she was entitled
"to place her claims at least upon a parity with
those of the United States," she has constantly re-
fused to divide the territory at the 49th parallel of
latitude, the boundary between her and us from the
Lake of the Woods to the Rocky mountains—a
line which would have severed the coast, and the
country in immediate contiguity with it, into two
parts so nearly equal, as to leave her no reasonable
ground, even on the score of an equitable division,
for the continuance of a controversy. Her desire
for territorial extension in this quarter is for the
purpose of establishing her colonial dominion over
districts of country bordering on us, and confining
our settlements within narrower limits. Our con-
test for territorial rights, which we consider indis-
putable, has no object but to enable our citizens to
extend themselves to our natural boundary—the
Pacific. Her interest is remote and contingent-,
ours is direct and certain. Hers is the interest of
a State in a distant country which she wishes to
colonize; ours is the interest of a country in its
own proper territory and settlements. She is not
content with subjecting to her sway the fertile and
opulent regions of the East; but she comes now
thousands of miles across the ocean to dispute with
us the dominion of the uninhabited wilderness, and
curtail the area for our expansion. With the least
disposition on her part to listen to the suggestions
of reason and justice, this question would long ago
have been settled on the fair and honorable terms
of compromise—nay, sir, on the terms of conces-
sion—which we have more than once proposed.
I am sure that in the course of our Government
in relation to Great Britain, in our negotiations,
and in the treaties which have been formed between
us, no evidence will be found of a desire on our
part to encroach on her rights, or to adjust any of
the questions which have arisen between us on
other terms than those of justice and hbei ality.
The settlement of the northeastern boundary—one
of the most delicate and difficult that has ever arisen
between us—-affords a striking evidence of our de-
sire to maintain with her the most friendly under-
standing. We ceded to her a portion of territory
which she deemed of vital importance as a means
of military communication between the Canadas
and her Atlantic provinces, and which will give her
a great advantage in a contest with us. The meas-
ure was sustained by the constituted authorities
of the country, and I have no desire or intention to
call its wisdom in question. But it proves that we
were not unwilling to afford Great Britain any fa-
cility she required for consolidating her North
American possessions—acting in peaee as though
war was not to be cxpccted between the two coun-
tries. If we had cherished any ambitious designs in
respect to them—if we had had any other wish than
that of continuing on terms of amity with her and
them—this great military advantage would never
have been conceded to her.
On the other hand, I regret to say that her course
towards us has been a course of perpetual encroach-
ment. But, sir, I will not look back upon what is
past for the purpose of reviving disturbing recol-
lections. Yet I am constrained to say, that in re-
spcct to Oregon, I consider her legislation as a vir-
tual infraction of the conventions of 1818 and 1827.
By an act of Parliament passed in 1821, she has
extended the jurisdiction, power, and authority of
her courts of judicature in Upper Canada over the
whole Indian territory in IMorth America, "not
within her own provinces, or within any civil gov-
ernment of the United States," and of course em-
bracing the territory of Oregon. She has given
them cognizance of every wrong and injury to the
person and to property, real or personal, commit-
ted within the territory, and has declared that every
person whatsoever (not British subjects alone, but
every person whatsoever) residing m it shall be
amenable to these courts. Nay, sir, she has au-
thorized the crown to establish courts within the
territory itself, with power to try criminal offences
not punishable with death, and also civil causes to
a limited amount—I believe «CSU0—about §1,000.
She has thus assumed to exercise over this terri-
tory one of the highest attributes of national sov-
ereignty—that of deciding upon rights of piopcrty
and punishing violations of the criminal laws she
has extended over them. She could hardly have
asserted a more absolute sovereignty than she has
done by this extension of her laws and the juris- '
diction of her courts over a territory in which she [
admits that she has no other right but that of a
joint occupancy. I am aware that she has dis- 1
avowed the intention of enlornng her criminal laws j
against citizens of the United States. But if Sen- 1
ators will turn to the documents accompanying the ;
President's Message, they will see that the Hud-
son's Hay Company haa a much more summary
method of disposing of American nti/.cns, who es-
tablish themselves on the north side of the Colum-
bia, m the neighborhood of its settlements. Their I
condition is not bettered, if this exemption from
the operation of the British statute is to be ex-
changed for a forcible process of ejection without I
law. ;
Under these circumstances, what is the duly of j
the United States? As 1 do not intend to intrude ;
myself on the attention of the Senate again, without !
absolute necessity, on any question relating to Ore-
gon, I desire to say now that I .shall vote for the ,
notice to terminate the convention of 3818, con- ,
tinued in force by that of 18i27—a convention which
Great Britain treats as recognising a right of joint
occupancy, but which has m reality been for her
an exclusive occupancy of the whole temtory .
north of the Columbia. 1 am m favor of extend- .
ing the authority of our laws and the jurisdic-
tion of our courts over the territory; and m doing .
so, 1 would, while the convention is in force, ape- |
cially except British subjects, and direct them, I
when charged with infractions of our laws, to be j
delivered up to the nearest British authorities. I
would make this reservation, for the express pur- •
pose of preventing, as far as possible, a conflict of .
jurisdiction, and to avoid all cause for imputing to j
us a disregard of treaties, or a desire to produce eoi- !
lision or disagreement of any sort. And in order '
to facilitate the extension of the authority of the '
Union over our fellow citizens in that remote dis-
trict of our country, and to remove, as far as pos- i
sible, the obstacles to a more free and efficient in- j
tercourse between us and them, I would establish ;
at once a chain of military posts, with competent 1
garrisons and armaments, from the remotest navi-
gable waters which How into the Mississippi, to
the eastern face of the Rocky mountains, stopping
there so long as the convention continues m force.
Duty, honor, policy—ail demand these measures
at our hands ; and I trust they will be executed
with promptitude and decision.
"Will these measures producc war? I cannot be-
lieve that they will. I cannot believe it, because
they furnish no just ground of provocation. The
right to give the notice is reserved by treaty. The
right of extending our laws over Oregon is a right
which Great Britain has already exercised for a
quarter of a century. The establishment of a chain
of posts to the Rocky mountains wholly within
our own territory, invades no right in others. It
has been inferred, from an expression in a public
document, that there is danger of an immediate
war, and that a sudden blow maybe struck. Sir, I
cannot believe it, A war waged against us on ac-
count of any one or all of the measures referred to,
would be a war of plain, unmixed aggression. No
nation, in the present age, could embark in such a
contest, without drawing down upon herself the con-
demnation of all civilized communities. She would
find herself opposed and restrained by public opin-
ion, which, in our day, rules the conduct of nations
more powerfully than the arm of force. I hold,
therefore, immediate war to be out of the question.
Nor can eventual war take place, unless the asser-
tion of our just rights shall be forcibly resisted. I
do not pretend to pass judgment on what (he fu-
ture may bring forth. Collisions may grow out
of these measures—collisions ripening, through in-
fluences and events which we may be unable to
control, into open waifaie. I should deeply de-
plore such a result. The interests of humanity,
great principles of political right, self-government,
freedom, individual rights, all suffer when the voice
of the hiw is silenced by the tumult of war. <4In-
ter arma silent /eges," is an adage, of the truth of
which histoiy has furnished too many fatal proofs.
I would do much to avert such a calamity. I would
do anything not inconsistent with the public honor,
to avoid a contest which would be disastrous to
both parties, no matter what should be its final issue.
But beyond this I never can go. And if exemp-
tion from war can only be purchased by a surren-
der of our just nghN, I cannot consent to make
the purchase. But if war cannot be averted, I
trust we shall not commit the great error of under-
valuing our adwrsaiy. With some opportunity
of observing the condition of Great Britain near
at hand, I have no hesitation m saying that she
was never capable of greater efforts than she is at
the present moment. 1 know that her inordinate
distention contains within itself an element of vi-
ta! weakness. It is not in the order of human so-
ciety that .so extended a dominion should remain
h ng unbroken. But I have not yet been able
to delect, in the condition of her body politic,
the unerimg symptoms of that decay which pre-
cedes and works out the dissolution of empires.
She has great abuses to struggle against. The
Senator from Ohio has well and graphically de-
scribed them. She has enormous burdens to sus-
tain; but she has great strength to bear them.
1*1 cr soldiets are not like those of Rome in her lat-
ter days, enervated in vigor and relaxed in dis-
cipline. You will find them in every quarter of the
globe, under the fiery heat of the equator, and
amid the frosts of the arctic circle, braving the ele-
ments, and setting danger and toil, in every form,
at defiancc. But, sir, I pretend not, with my nar-
row foresight, to look into the future. It is pos-
sible that her hour may bo near at hand. But we
know that the last snuggle of the strong man is
always the most desperate, and sometimes the most
dangerous to the antagonist who has brought him
to the ground.
1 say this m no spirit of timidity. I- say it in
a spirit of prudent forecast—with the desire that
we may go into the contest, if it shall come, with
the assurance that we have to deal with a strong
adversary and not a weak one; and that our prep-
aration may be commensurate with the means of
offence to which we shall be exposed. I have no
doubt of our ability both to defend ourselves, and
to give back effective blows in return. We were
never so strong as we are at the present moment:
strong in our position, strong in our means, strong
i:i the spirit and energy of our people. Our de-
I fenceless condition has been greatly overstated.
We have been told that our coast is denuded. I
I have heard, whether on this floor or elsewhere I
do not know, that there is scarcely a gun mounted
for the defence of the commercial metropolis of
my own State. There* cannot be a greater error.
There are hundreds of guns, of heavy calibre, in
the city of New York, ready, at the very hour in
which I speak, to receive an assailant, and as
many more, which can be placcd in position in
an emergency, and this independently of guns
afloat. In thirty days I believe the city might be
rendered, with a skilful engineer, and with the
means which might be placed at his command,
prepared—well prepared—against a maritime as-
sault. But, sir, I turn away from all these fore-
