404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
bodings of evil. I have confidence in the contin-
uance oi' peace. The good sense of both countries
will revolt at a contest which can bring no e;ood
to either, and secure an adjustment of existing dif-
ficulties on terms houorahie to both. Such is my
conviction. But, sir, if I rim deceived, then I
have only to say that, v\li;ie X would be constrain-
ed by nothing but ovemtiuis: necessity to take up
the sword, yet, if the necessity shall come. I trust
we shall never consent to lay it down until the
rights ar.d the honor of the country shall have
been fully vindicated.
When Mr. Dix resumed his seat,
Mr. ALLEN moved that the Senate proceed to
executive business; but
Mr. BENTON signifying his desire to address
the Senate, the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. BRNTON said: I propose to speak to a
branch of this question—not the branch of it on
which the Senator from New York on my vi lit
[Mr. Dix] lias just spoken. If 1 had intendeiTto
ha\e spoken on that branch, I .should have given
up the design after hearing his speech of yester-
day and to-day. Or. has left nothing forme to
say on the point of title, familiar as I have been
with that subject for thu ty years. He has placed
the American title to the Columbia, and to the
coast north of it, on ground from which it can
never he removed, and which must put an etid to
the argument wherever that speech is read. A
speech more perfect in its proofs—better sustained
by history—more crowded with material pertinent I
to the issue—more satisfactory to all the lovers of I
truth and justice—more judiciously conceived and !
victoriously executed, I have never heard deliver- |
ed; and 1 make iny congratulations to that Sen- '
ator on the service whii h he has rendered to his '!
country, and tiie honor he has gained fur himself 1
by Us delivery. Leaving the questn.n of title where '
he lias placed it, I propose to say something on a j
different part of the subject—on the aged ami bar- ;
ren negotiations which'produce no fnnt on the 11
joint-use convention of 1818, which produces such :
evil fruit for us—and on the, necessity of our ta- i
king measures to preserve our rights and interests !
on tile western slope of our continent. !
Mr. President, after thirty years of negotiation, '
wo have made no progress m the settlement of the' '
Oregon question; v.-e are now where we were, so !i
far as the understanding of the two parties is eon- :i
cerned, precisely w here we were m J'111, at the
conclusion of the Ghent treaty. In thirty years ''
we have made no advance, and are now standing fi
still, time and circumstances working against us i
all the while. In tins condition of impassibility, I!
the President has judged it right, without break- |l
ing off negotiation's, to lay the whole subject before j
Congress, and to leconnnend the adoption of the
legislative measures which he deems necessary for
the preservation of our rights and interests on the
coast of the Pacific. I concur with the President
in what he has done—both in what he has offered
—in w!iat lie lias rejected—and 1:1 what he has
recommended to Congress to do.
I think the President did light to renew the offer
of compromise which his preaeccssors had made.
It has had a good ei'fcct at home and abroad. It
has united the pul.be mind at borne, and it'has
quieted the coudition v/hit h the niisapntehension
of the niougiiral address had produced in Ureal
Britain. It
has ini.ii d our own people for ihe
event, be it what it may; and it has produced ;
abroad a state of feeling highly favorable to f, ,end- ;
ly negotiation. These are (Treat points gained by i
toe renewal of the liberal oflcr of comprom.se, and , i
I rejoice that v*e have gained them. !
'lite President has uedined the offer of arbitra- !
tion made by Great Britain. I dunk he did right
to do so. "fhe interest at stake is too iarce for n
that species of settlement. Tcrri'onal rights to a ;
country large enough for a great kingdom is not a ]
subject for individual arbitrament, whether of'
crowned heads, or of citizens or subjects. .Small i
matters may be referred. Things not worth a con- ■
test may be referred. Hut an empire of territory, 1
with great rivers and harbors, contiguous to, and !
indispensable to, one cf the parties, holdup a !'
claim for fifty years, which it feels to be valid! is 'i
not a matter for arbitration. No such imperial
territory ever was submitted to arbitration and in
all probability never will be. The previous Ad
Ministration rejected it: I thought it did ri>ht.
i a Prefent Administration rejects it again: I think !i
it does right. lam against arbitration under all >'
| forms, and in favor of continuing to negotiate un-
| der the better auspices which die adoption of the
j President's recommendations will lend to our
cause.
The President recommends four measures; 1.
A notice for terminating the convention of joint
use. 2. An extension of law and government to
the inhabitants of the disputed territory. 3. The
protection of military posts, and military escort to
the emigrants who go there. 4. Tiie establish-
ment of a monthly mail. He reserves for a future
occasion the recommendation of land grants to the
emigrants.
I concur with the President in nil these recom-
mendations. They seem to propose nothing but
what we have a right to do—nothing but what is
necessary to the preservation of our rights and
interests—nothing to which Great Britain can ob-
! joct.
| One of these measures—that of the military sta-
i tions and escort—has already received the sanction
of the Senate- the extension of our law to our
people is to he nothing but the copy of the British
act: and as foi the mails, it is a mere police regu-
lation, good for all parties, and which may not
even take the form of a mail line. The mounted
regiment, if raised, and the military posts, if es-
tablished, will furnish, without expense, the safest
and surest conveyance. l^our or five mounted
men, armed and supplied at each post, subject to
military subordination, and relic\ed by fresh men
j and fresh horses at each post, and able to protect
and defend themselves in traversing a wdderness
; country, exposed to savages, and all the accidents
of flood and Held, will be the safest and surest
m;nl, and will cost nothing.
These three measuies need no vindication: I
proceed to the one that does.
The termination of the joint-use convention is
the contested point. Tf is on this point that we
have some diversify of opinion, and on which it is
proper that ench should contribute what he can to
that miannmty which it is so desirable to attain.
For myself, my own mind has been made up upon
it for twenty-eight years—Horn the day of the pro-
mulgation of the convention itself. I was then a
practising lawyer on the west bank of the Mis-
sissippi, and had no place either in the Statu oi
national council.-5; but 1 occupied a position, c;eo-
gruphieally, to make me observant of the political
movements which concerned the Great West,
and to render me sensitive, to the mischief which
meht grow out of these, movements. I then saw,
and saw at once, the evils of this convention, and
I wroie down and published what I saw; and if
it was not for the egotism which the exhibition
would imply, I would now read what I then wrote
as my present speech for getting rid of a treaty
whieh I condemned from the first moment of its
revelotion to my view. It appeared to me then,
and time has proved the correctness of my view, to
be a treaty < f unmixed mischief to the united
States; delusive and fallacious in its terms of re-
c;pro''iiy; uncnu'i, unjoM, and one-sided in its
operation; fatal to our immediate possession of
the Columbia; dangerous to our ultimate title;
entailing u« m a disadvantageous and sinister
connexion; and precisely calculate!} to accomplish
the object which it "professed to prevent. The pro-
f"ssed object of il:o convenuon was to prevent
i-ispvJcs an>- o'iffi rrticcs amojig themselvesand the
moans of tlus pretention was to mix up the peo-
ple of the two countries m the joint use of rivers,
harbors, countries, Indian trade, and intercourse,
in a wilderness region, several ibousond miles dis-
tant from metropolitan authority, and without law
or government to control or direct them. Sir, the
ppniarchs could no; live together under such cir-
cumstances' and it was m vain to expect that fur-
tiaders—British and American fur-traders—could
be more hoimomous than they. A private indi-
\idujd in 1838, I condemned this joint-use conten-
tion from the moment that I first saw it; a member
of the Senate when it wes renewed in 1823,1 spoke
and voifcd ogamst it. My name stands recorded
against it in the executive Journal; not altogether,
but fdmost solitary and alone, it stands so record-
ed. Cobb of Georgia, Eaton of Tennessee, Ellis!
of Mississippi, Kane of Illinois, and Johnson and
Rowan of Kentuck}*, voted with me; and we seven
then constituted the totality of the small phalanx
which condemned a treaty which now receives
such universal condemnation. I have been against
this joint convention from the beginning, J hays '
never seen the day that I would not have termi*
nated it if I could; and I rejoice that the time lias
now arrived to see it terminated.
That convention has done us great mischief, first,
in depriving us of the benefits of the Ghent treaty
in relation to the Columbia. By the first article of
that treaty, we had a right to the restitution of that
river, which had been taken from us during the war.
As early as the month of July, 1815—within six
months after the ratification of the treaty—Presi-
dent Madison took measures for its restoration.
He applied for an order to that effect to the British
Charged'Affaires at that time in Washington, Mr.
Anthony St. John Baker, who declined giving it,
on the ground of want of instructions from home.
Application was then made to the British Ministry
in London, and by them the order was given.
Our right to restoration, and to be the party in
possession while treating* of the title, and until the
question of title was dccidcd, was amply admitted
by Lord Castlereagh. This was in February, 1818.
On the first day of October of that year, Mr. Pre-
vost, the United States agent for the purpose, was
carried to the Columbia m a British sloop-of-war,
and the restitution of the country was formally
made to him. All was then safe for the United
States, and we might have proceeded at our leisure,
and without question from any quarter, to occupy,
settle, and govern the Columbia like any other ter-
ritory of the United States. Unfortunately, in the
very moment that our agent was receiving the
country under the Ghent treaty, our Ministers were
giving it back under a new treaty in London. The
convention for the joint use of each other's territo-
ries west of the Rocky mountains was signed on
the 20th day of the same October; and if it had
been a convention for the total surrender of the Co-
lumbia to the British, and the total expulsion of
Americans from it, it could not have been more
effectual for that purpose than it was. All Ameri-
cans were immediately expelled from the country,
and all appeals to our Congress to give protection
to our countrymen there, were met by the stipula-
tions of this convention, which gave the British
equal rights therewith ourselves. We lost every-
thing, and gained nothing, under this delusive con-
vention, which was, m fact, both a geographical
and apolitical blunder. It stipulated for ,the joint
and free use of " all navigable rivers" claimed by
cither party in that region,as if each party possess-
ed several such rivers there, when there was but
one such river, and that belonged to the United
States. It stipulated for the free and joint use of
" all harbors," as if there were many harbors to
be used; when, in fact, there was but one that
either party could use in the prosecution of their
business, and that one was ours—the mouth of the
Columbia. It stipulated for the free and joint use
of "all territories which each party claimed west-
ward of the Rocky mountains, when all experience
proved that no American could go upon British
ground to hunt or trade with Indians, and that the
only effcct of this partnership m territory would be
to lose the whole benefit of our own, without gain-
ing the slightest use of theirs.
Sxr, 1 have a document in my hands—a message
from President Jackson to the Senate, in the year
1831—m relation to the British establishments on
the Columbia river, and the manner in which the
Hudson Bay Company carried on the fur trade
there; and in which it may be seen in what man-
ner the joint-use convention had operated up to
that time. Under the imposing caption of " all nav-
igable rivers," it shows that the Columbia alone
had been used, and that it had been monopolized
by the British from the sea to the mountains.
Under the head of 44 all harbors," it shows that
the harbor at the mouth of ihe Columbia alone had
been used, and that by the British,for the free ex-
port of furs, and the free import of goods, on which
they would have paid us large duties, had it not
been for this fine convention. Under the head of
" ail territories," it shows that we had lost all—
that the British had overrun the whole valley of
the Columbia, penetrated into California, entered
all the recesses of the Rocky mountains,, driven
our people everywhere out of the field, and actu-
ally pursued them down upon the head waters of
the Missouri river. It shows that our fur trade
was utterly destroyed in that quarter; and one of
the informations communicated by President Jack-
son—a paper furnished by the two most compe-
tent men m America to furnish such, a statement
(Governor Cass of Michigan, and Governor Clark
