1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
of Missouri)—stated that, in our struggles for the
fur trade on the Upper Missouri, in the Rocky
mountains, and on the Columbia, we had suffered
a loss, up to that time, (1830,) of at least five hun-
dred lives, and more than five hundred thousand
dollars of property. This was the effect, in great
part, of the joint-use convention; and in this con-
dition things remained, the British in exclusive
possession of our territory, our river, and our har-
bor; until the year 1842, when the heroic popula-
tion of the West commenced that emigration to the
Columbia which now, after thirty years of Gov-
ernment neglect, is beginning to recover the coun-
try which diplomacy had lost. Yes, sir, diplomacy
lost us the country; the energy of the western peo-
ple is beginning to recover it.
Mr. President, how brief are the lessons of ex-
perience! How slight and transient are the les-
sons read to us by history, and even by our own
history. All this tragedy of errrors of thirty years
on the Columbia—this non-execution of the Ghent
treaty—this mixing up of British and American
traders, with equal rights and privileges m each
other's territories—and this catastrophe of life and
property to Americans on their own ground—all
this is nothing but the re-enactment of the old
scenes in the territory northwest of the Ohio, after
the treaty of peace, and Jay's treaty. Then, as
now, military posts were retained, which ought to
have been surrendered under the treaty of peace.
Then, as now, a treaty (Mr. Jay's) gave British
and American traders equal rights of trade in the
territories of each other. Then, as now, the
Americans were driven from their own territories,
with great loss of life and property; and fierce In-
dian wars were excited against our frontiers. Mr.
Jefferson labored to procure the abrogation of the
joint-use clause m Mr. Jay's treaty: his instruc-
tions to our Ministers in London, in 1807, would
serve for the present day, with a mere change of
names and dates. Here is an extract from them:
"CJnder the third articlc of the treaty of 1794,
4 as it has been expounded, Indian traders on each
* side have a right to trade with the tribes within
* the limits of the other party, with an exception
* of the country covered by the ehai ter of the Iiud-
4 son Bay Company.
"This article is found, in its operation, to be
* very detrimental to the United States.
u It gives to the Britsh traders dealing with the
* Indians on our side of the boundary opportunities
' of gaining an influence which it cannot be doubt-
* ed they have frequently employed in stirring up
* the Indians against the United States.
" The mixture of British traders with American
' traders produces collisions and heart-burnings,
* with mutual efforts to make the Indians their par-
4 tisans, and sometimes their avengers, against the
* property and persons of their rivals.
** The animosity of the British traders, in such
* eases, against their rivals, is easily extended
4 against tfie United States, and the Indian parti-
* sans still more readily pass from avindictivespirit
' against the American traders to a hostile one
4 against the nation to which they belong.
" These evils are not even attended with any
* real reciprocity of advantage to American traders,
<it being a fact that they never go among the In-
1 dians on the British side for the purpose of traf-
* fic; and it being moreover known that such a
* traffic is rendered unsafe by the sway possessed
i over the Indians by the Northwest Company of
* British traders, ana by the preventive measures
* employed by their interested jealousies. It is,
4 indeed, certain that no British trader, not of the
* company, can with advantage, or, it is said, even
4 with safety, participate in the trade with the In-
* dians within the British limits."
This is the way the joint-use treaty of Mr. Jay
operated forty years ago; the joint-use convention
of 1818 only differs fro.m it in its aggravations in
jeoparding our title to a whole country and entan-
gling* us in a most disastrous connexion. Fortu-
nately, we have a right to terminate the present
joint-use convention*, that of Mr. Jay was only
terminated by the war of 1812,'and was one of the
causes of that war.
Always unjust, unequal, and injurious to ns, this
joint-use convention has now become impossible.
The Americans have returned to the Columbia.
They are not to be driven out again, nor will they
continue penned up on the south side of the river.
The two people are there, mixed up together, with-
out law or government, and subject to all the dis-
orders which such a state of anarchy and such a
mixture of different nations must produce. The
patriarchs could not live together under such cir-
cumstances. Abram and Lot, although they were
brethren, and sent to the chosen spot by the Deity
himself, could not live together in the wilderness
without strife. They had to separate to avoid con-
tention. It must be so with the British and Ameri-
cans on the Columbia, and worse. The two peo-
ple can neither live together without law and gov-
ernment, nor with double law and government.
The condition is impossible. Collisions, violence,
bloodshed must ensue, if we leave the people as
they are. It is our duty to prevent these mischiefs,
and we become responsible for all that may happen
if we do not pievent them.
The first step is, to terminate the joint conven-
tion, and to recover our right to the complete pos-
session of the Columbia under the Ghent treaty.
We have a right to the possession of that river and
its valley under the treaty of Ghent. We hold a
treaty with the British for our right of possession,
and we have the amplest admission of a British
Minister, Lord Castlereagh, of our right to be the
party in possession while treating of the title, and
until the title is decided. Let us resume these great
rights, so improvidently lost for thirty years by
the delusive convention of 1818. The notice is
necessary to this resumption, and I rejoice that the
moment is at hand for giung it.
The notice is a peace measure, and can operate
no wny but beneficially. It will give us the imme-
diate and exclusive possession of one-half the con-
tested country, with the ri^ht of possession until
the title to the whole is decided. This will sepa-
rate the people, and keep peace among them, and j
will bung to conclusion this aged and bairon nego-
tiation, which has pioduced no fruit in thirty years.
It will change the condition of parties, ami make
the British themselves desire negotiation. As long
as things remain as they are, they are content.
They have the exclusive possession of three-fourths
of the country, and the joint use of the remaining
fourth: this i-i all they ask, and more than they ask,
in the way of territory. They have the free use
of the river and its harbor, for the export of their
furs and the hnpoi tat ion of goods from Kuropc and
Asia, wjthoutpaymgofdulies: this is all they could
ask in the way of navigation. They have law for
the government of their people: we have none.
And, more than ail, they nave an excuse for not
complying with the (them treaty—an excuse which
must tail them as soon as the notice takes effect,
and leave them under the necessity of evacuating
the country, or violating a treaty for the execution
of which we hold their order. As things are, the
British are content. They want no change. The
joint convention, while it stands, gives them all they
ask, and more too. They fear its termination: they
fear the notice! But they aie not going to make
war for the notice. It will make them treat, not
fight.
The times are propitious to negotiation; the
state of the question is fhvorable to amicable ad-
justment. The two countries are not only at
peace, but in good humor with each other. So
far as I can see, both Governments are for pcace.
The question is free from exasperation. No cir-
cumstances attend it which inflame the blood, ex-
cite the passions, rouse resentments, or involve
the point ofhonor, more difficult to be settled than
a question of property. Wc should take advan-
tage of this propitious state of time and temper to
settle the question while it is free from exaspera-
tion. If the joint convention continues, exaspera-
tion must ensue. Collisions must take place be-
tween the British and Americans mixed up to-
gether. These collisions must involve the two
countries. The angry passions will be roused
on both sides, and friendly negotiation, now so
natural and so easy, may become difficult and im-
possible. I believe the only effect of the notice
will be to accelerate negotiation, and to convince
the considerate and thinking men of each country
that the time has come for final and amicable set-
tlement. Under these convictions, I vote for the
notice; but I also vote for it under the full convic- j
tion that it is our right and duty to give it; that
Great Britain has no right to take offence at it;
and that, so far as it depends upon me, it shall be
given regardless of consequences.
Mr. DICKINSON next obtained the floor, and
moved an adjournment; which motion was neg-
atived—yeas 18, nays 19.
Mr. ALLEN moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration .of executive business, stating
that there was one matter of importance to at-
tend to, which should be considered as early as
practicable.
Mr. A.'s motion prevailing, the Senate went
into executive session; and, after a short time
spent therein, the doors were opened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 19, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading having been dispensed with)
was approved.
The SPEAKETi said the first business in order
would be tiie call of the committees for reports.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That John Anderson, of Michigan,
have leave to withdraw his papers and petition.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Job Hawkins, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which biil was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. DOBBIN, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report upon the memorial of Isaac
G. Farlec, who contests the seat of John Runk as
a member of the House of Representatives of the
Twenty-ninth Congress from the third congres-
sional district of the State of New Jersey, accom-
panied by the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That Isaac G. Farlce is not entitled to
a peat in this House as a Representative from the
State of New Jersey.
Mr. CHASE ropoited the views of a minority
of said Committee of Elections upon the memo-
rial of Isaac G. Farloe, accompanied by the fol-
lowing resolutions, viz:
lhsvlvcd, That John Runk is not entitled to a
s^at upon this door.
/Solved, That Isaac G. Farlce, haung received
a majority of the le<ral votes of the legally qual-
ified voters of the third congressional district of
New Jersey, is entitled to his scat upon this floor.
The two reports were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
And Mr. DOBBIN gave notice of his inten-
tion to call up the subject at as early a day as
practicable.
Mr. CLARKE, on leave granted, offered the fol-
io wing'preamble and resolution; which were agreed
to, viz:
Whereas, by a law of Congress, approved July
7th, 1838, the sum of $5,000 was appropriated for
the purpose of building alight-house, either on Pea
island or Boddy's island, North Carolina, as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall deem most for the
public interest:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
he requested to furnish this House with informa-
tion of what has been done under said law, and also
to lay before it copies of any correspondence which
may have passed between his department and the
former and the piesent collectors of Washington
and Ocracokc, North Carolina.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the fullowing resolution,
winch was adopted:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions
transmit to the Clerk of this House the papers on
file in his office, connected with the application of
William Paton, of Kentucky, a soldier of the re-
volutionary war, for a pension.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
A message from the President, heretofore re-
ceived, was read, and is as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
In compliance with the request of the House of
Representatives in the resolution of the 19th instant,
asking information relative to the Mexican indem-
nity, I communicate herewith a report from the Sec-
retary of State, with the papers accompanying it.
J. K. POLK.
Ordered, That said message be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A letter from the Governor of Wisconsin, trans-
mitting a copy of the resolutions of the Legislature
of said Temtury, relativ e to the extinguishment of
the Indian title to the land north of the Fox river.
