406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
and also relative to a light-house on Grassy Island,
near the mouth of Fox river. '
Ordered, That the said resolutions relating to the
extinguishment of the said Indian title be laid upon
the table; and that said r&solutions relating to the
light-house, near the mouth of Fox river, be refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 3d of March last,
a report of a naval court of inquiry, appointed to
in\estia;ate the expenditures of the Florida squad-
ron^ under the command of Lieutenant John T.
Mclaughlin; which letter and report were referred
to the Committee on Expenditures of the Navy
Department.
The resolution from the Senate entitled "A res-
olution for temporary mail service in Texas,".was
taken up, read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ATKINSON rose and asked that the House
would extend a favor personal to himself. But
twice 111 a month, by the rules of the House, were
resolutions in order, and 011 each of those days he
had been so unfortunate as to be confined lo a bed
ot sickness. Ho held a resolution which had been
prepared and in his desk for a month, calculated to
produce a benefit to the public, as well as to many
meritorious individuals, and he respectfully asked
the unanimous consent of the House to oiler the
following resolution .-
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of hav-
ing completed and fitted for service theship-of-thc- !
line ]New York, and the frigate St. Lawrence, now :
011 (he stocks at Gosport, Virginia, and that they 1
have leave to report by hill 01* others ise. |
No objection being made, the resolution was re- '
ceired and adopted.
Mr. JOHN P. MARTIN , from the Committee >
021 Mileage, reported the following hill: !
pe it cnacted by the Senate and House of Represent- J
atives oj the Lnitcd Slates of .Imcrica hi Congreis !
assembled, Thai no Senator shall receive, or be al- j
lowed, any travel fees whatsoever for attending ;
any called executive session of the Senate, unless !
lie shall have actually travelled and performed the j
journey for attending such meetings, and that no !
constructive travel to attend such executive session !
shall be made, or in any case allowed. i
The bill having been read twice by its title, j
Mr. MARTIN" moved that it be referred to the j
Committee of tin; Whole 011 the state of the Union,
and that it be made the special order ot' the day
for Monday next.
Mr. RRETT was understood to object to ma- j
king a speeh)l order. ' !
Mr. HOPKINS said, that as the hill did not in- j
crease the expense, but rather diminished it, it was i
not necessary that it should go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MARTIN thereupon withdrew the motion
to commit.
And the SPEAKER said the question would be
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a thud
reading.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that the bill should
be made the special order for Monday, and that m
the mean time it should be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the reading of the bill;
and it was read.
Mr. MARTIN said that, by the decision of the
Attorney General, Senators were allowed con-
struct e mileage every fourth year, at an expense
to the Government of about §35,000. They re-
ceived their regular mileage, coming here and go-
ing home; and it was unjust that they should re-
ceive more. The same leasons which had induced
the committee to report the bill of yesterday, le-
ducing the mileage of members of Congress, had
governed their action in reporting the bill now un-
der consideration. ;
Mr. HAMLIN inquired whether it wr.s in order
to amend the bill ? I
The SPEAKER. Certainly. j
Ml*. HAMLIN inquired whether it would be in !
order to add to this bill the bill reported yesterday !
to 1 egulate the mileage of members of Congress, as :
an amendment ? !'
The SPEAKER said the motion would not be i!
m order, because the bill proponed as an amend- !!
ment had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DOUGLASS said lie was satisfied that some
amendment was necessary, in order that the bill,
whilst u operated justly, might, at the same time,
accomplish the object which the mover had in
v!c\v. He moved, therefore, that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
So the question was on that motion, and on
making the bill the special order of the day for
Monday next.
Mr. HOPKINS said this was a very simple bill.
He did not know what amendments might, in the
judgment of other members, be necessary; but it
seemed to him that there existed an indispensable
nece&sitv for present action upon it. This thing
of allowing members of the Senate, if they ad-
journed to-day, and, under the proclamation of the
President, commenced another session to-morrow,
their mileage to and from their residences to the
seat of Government, was an idea so absurd, pre-
posterous, and absolutely unjust, as not to be
longer tolerated. If the members of the Senate
did not receive compensation adequate to their
services, let this House take the responsibility of
increasing that compensation by a plain act of
legislation. But to do it in this form, by mere con-
struction, for constructive journeys which were
never performed, and never could be performed,
did seem 10 be spoiling with all his ideas of law,
of legislation, and of justice; and he trusted that
the House never would consent to send the bill to
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union. It piesented but one single point, whether
the House would allow double mileage to Senators
lor nu-io eoiiMructive journeys never performed,
and lu^ei expected to be performed. This was
the single and simple proposition, and he hoped
the House would eel on the bill whilst it had it in
its posjM_ssion. He should consider its commit-
ment as an abandonment of it for the session, and
as sanctioning a construction of the law which, in
his opinion, ought never to have been given to it;
but which, since it had been given, called for the
interposition of this House.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that the object he had in
view m moving the commitment of the bill was
not to defeat it. He was in favor of its general
purpose. He did not thmk that a member of either
House ought to receive pay for constructive travel
in eases where one session might run into another.
And be would be willing now to vote for a bill
to piohihit double mileage in such a case. But
when it was proposed, as by this bill, to declare
that a member of the Senate should not have pay
unless he had actually travelled to his home and
back again, the result, he thought, might be this:
that if the business 01 the health of the Senator re-
quired that he should travel in any other direction,
or that he should remain at another point, (some
six months intervening,) he would still be cut off
fiwin his mileage, bcause he had not actually trav-
elled to his home and back again. Surely, in such
a case, the Senator ought not to be deprived of his
mileage. Ife thought the proper provision would
he this: that a Senator should not be entitled to
double mill ago in any case where one session ran
into another, he being a member of the preceding !
^session. He repeated the expression of his belief
tnat to make the bill just, and still to make it meet
the object for which it was designed, some amend-
ment was necessary. Therefore it was, that he
was in favor of commitment.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES said the first ques-
tion which presented itself to his mind was this:
y. hat immediate necessity was there for thus press-
ing^ hill through, the provisions of which in all
probability would not be called into operation for
four years to come' The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Hopkins] had said that the bill was one of
gicat smipiiut), and theiefore it ought to pass.
Xo-vv, if there was any one thing which more than
another he (Mr. Holmes) dreaded in legislation, it
was this comprehensive simplicity. The bill might,
or might not, embrace a very simple proposition;
but the result ultimately would be injurious, as
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] had
shown. All that was asked was that the bill should
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to take its chance with another bill of
a kindred character, to which a similar disposition
had yesterday been given; and that thus, when
the subject came up, ft should be considered in all
its parts. Pie hoped the House would proceed
with more circumspection on all these propositions
of "comprehensive simplicity."
Mr. HENLEY desired only to say, that to refer
this bill now, was to defeat it. It would be recol-
lected that at the last session of Congress a bill was
passed this House regulating and reducing the
mileage of members of Congress. That bill was
defeated in the Senate, perhaps for want of time—
a very convenient apology, in many cases. He
would' say to the House that as reference would be
delay, and as delay would be defeat, and as it was
a very simple proposition, and obviously right and
proper in every point of view, and could as well be
decided now as at any other period, he trusted that
the motion to refer would not prevail, and that the
hill would be immediately put upon its passage.
The necessity for this bill was based upon the fact
that some Senators drew at the last session what
has usually been called constructive mileage, by a
construction put upon the law by the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, as the presiding officer
of the Senate; and he had been told—though he
did not vouch for the fact—that this was the inva-
riable construction which had been placed upon it
in the Senate; and that a portion of the Senators
had, at each successive Executive session, drawn
mileage in conformity with that construction. He
was certain that about one-half the Senators in at-
tendance at the Executive session commencing on
the 4th of March last, did claim and receive this
extraordinary mileage. What,sir, (saidMr. H.,)
is this constructive mileage? It is an imaginary
trip which those Senators are supposed to have ta-
ken from this capital to their homes, and back
again, between the third and fourth of March.
They were here and in their places on the third of
March, and late in the night of that day the twen-
ty-eighth Congress terminated. Upon the next
day the Senate commenced its session for the con-
sideration of Executive business, and those same
Senators were then present; and the "VicePresident
says the legal construction of the law is, that they
j are supposed in this short space of time to have
| visited their homes and returned. That any such
j construction as this could have been intended by
j those who made the law, to have been placed upon
it, he could not for a moment believe. Nothing
could be more absurd; and not even in the days of
the Arabian Nights could anything be more fabu-
lous. The possession of the celebrated lamp of
j Aladdin could scarcely have enabled these Senators
1 to have performed this extraordinary journey. He
was no lawyer, and could not, therefore, say that
the view taken of this law by the President of the
Senate was wrong. He did not think, however,
it was common sense—even though it might be
["common] law;" hence the importance of the
passage of the bill now under consideration. This
was an abuse which had grown up under that uni-
versal tendency to extravagance and increased ex-
penditure which attachesitself to all Governments,
and which it is our duty at all times to guard against
with great vigilance and care. It was a measure of
retrenchment, which, though small in itself, might
be the entering wedge to others of greater import-
ance, If this bill should be referred and defeated,
he should then have no hope of carrying any meas-
ure of retrenchment hereafter.
He trusted the bill would be immediately passed
and sent to the Senate; and that it would shortly
be followed by the other bill now in committee to
regulate the mileage of the members of both Houses
of Congress; and that these would be the forerun-
ners of other salutary measures of retrenchment
and reform, running through all the departments
of the Government, from the highest to the low-
est. This was beginning at home. It was the
true commencement of reform.
He would tell gentlemen who had any curiosity
about it, that there was no political capital to be
made out of this question, for there was about an
equal number of whig and democratic Senators who
received this extra mileage, though he believed
the democrats had got a trifle the most money,
having, he supposed, been a little the swiftest on
foot, and consequently travelled the greatest dis-
tance.
Mr. McKAY said, he did not think the bill
would bear the construction which had been placed
upon it by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglass.] It certainly did, by its terms, entitle
any Senator who might actually have travelled to
a distance to the allowance authorized by law.
