1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
There were, as gentlemen knew, two classes of
Senators—the old and the new. The new Sena-
tors who came here for the first time, would have
travelled the distance, and would of course be en-
titled to their mileage. The law, therefore, would
apply only to the class of older Senators who were
here at the close of the legislative session of Con-
gress, who did not return home, but who took
their seats at the commencement of the extra
session. He proposed, therefore, that the hill
should be made the special order of the day for
Monday next. The reason was this: if the House
agreed to that motion, he would follow it up by
another, to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the consideration
of the other bill referred to it yesterday, regulating
the mileage of members of both Houses, and to
make that bill also the special order. The House
would thus have the whole matter before them.
This subject of mileage was an old acquaint-
ance of members who had served in Congress for
some years past. It had attracted a good deal of
public attention. It had frequently been up for
consideration, and the House had repeatedly acted
upon it. He believed the Journal would bear him
out in the assertion, that on every direct vote
which had been taken there had been a large,
an overwhelming majority found in favor of some
immediate legislation. It was known that there
were great abuses existing as to the manner in
which gentlemen charged. A Senator and .a mem -
ber, living in the same village, and travelling the
same distance, would compute their mileage ac-
cording to a different rule. Mr. McK. adverted
to such a case. This was wrong; there should
be some uniform rule by which the computation
should be regulated.
As the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Henley]
had stated, this subject had been up during the
last Congress; and on a vote taken by yeas ;md
nays, only some eight or ten gentlemen were found
voting in the negative. And he would now pre-
dict that, if a direct vote could be laken on any
bill imbodying a proper regulation of the mileage
of members, there would not be more than ten
or twelve men who would record their votes
against it.
He demanded the previous question; but. at the
request of
Mr. PETTIT, the demand was withdrawn.
Mr. P. then said he would offer an amend-
ment; which he sent to the Clerk's table.
It was read. It related to the removal of the.
seat of Government to some point northwest of the
Ohio.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der, unless the pending motion to commit the bill
was withdrawn.
Mr. DOUGLASS would not withdraw the mo-
tion (he said) for this purpose.
The SPEAKER (apparently understanding the
motion to have been withdrawn) decided, 011 a
suggestion from some member, neither seen nor
heard by the reporter, that the amendment was
not in order, because it was irrelevant.
Mr. PETTIT. The Speaker has already ruled
the amendment out of order.
Mr. G. DAVIS rose to make the point of order.
Mr. PETTIT called him to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. PETTIT. The Speaker has so decided.
But I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PETTIT. Well, sir, I do not intend to
keep it long; but I wish to express my contempt
for all such miserable, drivelling attempts at re-
trenchment and reform. They always make more
noise out of doors than they effect good here. I
know of no Senator or Representative who has
grown rich upon his mileage or his pay. So utterly
do I deprecate and detest this system of demagogue-
ism—of electioneering for Buncombe—that I would
sooner, and I avow it here, I would sooner vote to
double the pay than to reduce it. I have done.
Mr. J. P. MARTIN was understood to say,
that, for his own part, he detested this system of
putting our hands into the public treasury, and
taking from it the moneys wrung from the hard
earnings of the people. He had not come here to
plunder the treasury of the nation; and when gen-
tlemen were thrusting their long, bony, gaunt fin-
gers into it, they must not undertake to prevent
him from exposing the abuse, by crying out that
it was demagogueism or an appeal to Buncombe.
He occupied here the ground of a man attempting
to legislate foiSShe interests of his constituents and
of the country. And he scorned the allusion that
had been made to anything like demagogueism on
his part. If the remark was intended to apply to
him, it was unjust and untrue.
Mr. PETTIT said he had no reference to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Martin,] or to
any other particular individual.
Mr. MARTIN continued. The bill was one
whose passage had been demanded by the people,
as had been that of the other bill which he reported
yesterday, and which would effect conjointly a sa-
ving, in four years, to the public treasury of some-
thing like $250,000.
He came not here for any purposes of dema-
gogueism. He came to carry out what he believed
to be the interests of the people. And he intended
to pursue that course so long as he remained a
member of this body.
Mr. SEVERANCE said a few words, of which
nothing could be heard distinctly on the left of the
Chair. The reporter thinks Mr. S. expressed his
concurrence in the views of Mr. McKay, and his
belief that great abuses existed in the milenge sys-
tem, which ought to be speedily remedied.
The SPEAKER here interposed with the re-
murk that the motion to commit having been with-
drawn, the question before the House was on ma-
king the bill the special order for Monday next;
and thai being a motion touching the priority of
business, wns nol, bv the rule, debatable.
Mr. DOUGLASS (correcting the misapprehen-
sion of the Speaker before adverted to) said he had
not withdrawn his motion to commit.
The SPEAKER Then the gentleman from
Maine |Mt\ Sr.vr,ua\TrE] will proceed.
Mr. SEVKRANCE hoped the bill would not
be committed, but that it, and the other bill also,
would be passed without delay.
Mr. HARALSON said that this question of
reference enabled him to say a few words in rela-
tion to the business of the House. During the
past week the House had been occupied m the
consideration of bills coming from the Committee
of Ways and Means—general appropriation bills—
which nught be acted on a month hence with as
much propriety as nt this time; and now, forsooth,
the chairman of that committee [Mr. McKay]
oroposcd to make this mileage hill the special or-
der of the day for Monday next. He (Mr. H.)
desired that the House should see how this course
of proceeding was operating. The Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was now en-
gaged in the consideration of the Indian appropri-
ation bill; it had been so engaged for two or three
days; and from the intimations of debate and prop-
ositions of amendment given Inst evening, it was
probable that the bill might occupy this day and
to-morrow also. The next thing we should hear,
would be a proposition on the port of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to take up
the Military Academy, or some other general ap-
propriation bill, thus appropriating to himself and
his committee the whole of the valuable time of
the House.
There were other bills besides these, and this
mileage bill, which demanded prompt and speedy
notion. He would refer, for instance, to some of
the measures reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. As to the importance of action on
these bills, every gentleman could form his own
conjecture. For the last day or two he had been
endeavoring to bring them up; but they had been
made to give place to bills, for the passage of which
there was no immediate necessity. He had him-
self no objection to this proposition about mileage;
on the contrary, he should, when it came regu-
larly before the House, give it his hearty support. ;
But he objected to making it the special order of
the day for Monday. There was much to be done
which, he thought, would justly claim priority
over that measure. He trusted, however, that the
bill would be either committed or acted on at once,
and that he miarht be allowed to call up some of
the measures which, in his judgment, claimed the
immediate attention of the House.
[Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had ex-
amined an enrolled bill of the House entitled An
act to enlarge the powers of the several Orphans'
courts in and for the District of Columbia, and
found the same to be truly enioiled; when the
Speaker signed the said bill.]
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that if members
were anxious that this bill should pass immediate-
ly, he was for taking it up to-day. It would be
remembered that only a few daysago it had been
proved conclusively to this House that there was a
majority—a large majority—iji favor of taking up
the river and harbor bill. Under a republican gov-
ernment the majority had the right to rule; and if
that bill was to be served as it had been served at
the last session—if it was to be kicked about by its
pretended friends—to be put off from day to day
to the very last of the session, and then, at that
late period, to have provisions attached to it which
the men who offered them knew would cause it to
be vetoed and sent back to this House at too late
an hour to admit of its being revised—if, he said,
gentlemen allowed this to be done, he, for one,
would tell them that they would not bg doing their
duty. If gentlemen wished to pass this mileage
bill, let them take it up now. If they wished to
pass it for the purpose of reflecting credit upon
themselves or their party, let them act upon it at
once.
But (concluded Mr. W.) I desire to give notice,
that on Tuesday next we intend to move to take
up the harbor bill; we intend to put every man to
his test, to know whether he is for us or against
us; and I believe that a majority of this House will
be found ready to come up to the support of that
bill.
A division of the question was here asked and
ordered—first, on the motion to commit, and sec-
ondly, on the special order.
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to commit; which were ordered.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said he intended to vote
against making this bill the special order for Mon-
day next, or any other day. He was opposed the
other day to making a bill reported by his friend
near him [Mr. Haralson] from the Military Com*
mittcc a special order; and his objections to giving
that bill such a preference applied with equal, if not
more force, to this one. lie was willing to consid-
er and pass upon it now. It was before the House,
and he was anxious to have it disposed of at this
time. He was ready to vote for such a measure,
hut unwilling to tie the hands of this House in such
a way as to prevent them from considering any bill
it might prefer. He hoped it would be at once dis-
posed of. Having said this much, he would yield
the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired of the Speaker what
vote the commitment required?
The SPEAKER said a vote of a majority only.
But the other branch of the motion (for the special
order) would require a vote of two-thirds.
The question, " Shall this bill be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was then taken, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Bow-
iin, Brinkcrhoff, Brockenbrough, John G. Chap-
man, Jefferson Davis, Douglass, Ficklin, Hoge,
Tsaac E. Holmes, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Kennedy,
La Sere, McClernand, McDowell, Marsh, Morse,
Parish, Pettit, Relfe, Roberts, Sawyer, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Thibodeaux, Jacob Thompson,
Towns, Vinton, and Wentworth—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John duincy Adams,
Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black,
James A. Black, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Wm.
G. Brown, Buflington, Burt, William W.Camp-
bell, Carroll, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Constable, Cranston, Crozier,
Cnllom, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel,
Darragh, Garrett Davis, De Mott, Dixon, Dobbin,
Dunlap, Edsall, Erdman, John H. Ewing, Faran,
Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Good-
year, Gordon, Graham, Grinnell, Grover, Hamlin,
Hampton, Haralson, Harmanson, Harper, Hen-
ley, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough,
George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hud-
son, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, Jas. H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thos.
Butler King. Lawrence, Leake, Lewis, Levin,
Long, McClelland, McConnell, McGaughey, Mc-
Ilvaine, McKay, John P. Martin, Barclay Martin,
Miller, Morris, Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Norris,
Owen, Payne, Pendleton, Pernll, Price, Rathbun,
Reid, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
