408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. IS,
Runic, Russell, Seammon, Seaman, Seddon, Sev-
erance, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Smis,
Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith,Caleb B. Smith, St. John, Strohm, Stroll",
Sykes, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Trumbo, Whea-
ton, White, Wick, Williams, Wmthrop, Wright,
Yell, Young, and Yost—140.
So the House decided that the bill should not be
committed.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the bill be made the special order for Monday next.
Mr. McKAY said he had submitted that mo-
tion; but if it was the pleasure of the House to act
upon the bill now, he would not embarrass it by
any motion of that kind. He would, therefore,
withdraw it and substitute for it a demand for the |
previous question. J
Which previous question would have operated
on the now pending question, " Shall this bill be j
engrossed for a third reading'?" |
But Mr. McKAY withdrew the demand on a .
pled™ of renewal, at the request of
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, who said that he !
hod no objection to make to the end sought to be |
attained by this bill; but he thought that the man- j
ner in which it had been drawn up would prevent :
the accomplishment of that end. The abuse to be j
corrected was this: that where, as the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douclass] had said, one ses- !
sion ran into another, the Senator in such case :
should not have another mileage, because it was
impossible for him, in the interim, to have travel-;
led over the distance. j
Suppose a case. Suppose that Congress should i
adjourn on the 1st of June, and that the President, I
on the 20th of June, should conclude a treaty,say j
for example on the Oregon territory. Upon thin i
treaty the action of the Senate was desired, and •
that body was convened to executive session on !
the 1st or the 10th of July; seme of the members ;
of the Senate might probably have gone to the j
Virginia springs, or to some other part of the
country where their business or their health might j
call them: were these Senators to be cut out of j
their mileasre' Surely no man thought of proposing j
such a thing. I
Mr. MARTIN (turning to Mr. Thompson-, and !
his reply therefore imperfectly heard) was under-
stood to say, that where Senators had actually
travelled the distance, their mileage would be
paid.
Mr. THOMPSON proceeded. It was wrong so
to limit it. Suppose that the session of Congress
should close on the 1st of July, and that the Sena-
tor should not so home, but chose to remain here,
or had to attend to the business of lus constituents,
that certainly should not deprive him of his mile-
age. He desired to oft'er an amendment in this
respect. He knew the abuse which the chairman
of the committee wished to correct; and he (Mr.
T.) went with him for its correction—that was to
say, that where it was not possible for Senators to
have travelled the distance, they should not receive
mileage. The gentleman spoke, of executive ses-
sions called upon the inauguration of the President
every four years. These sessions were convened
on the 4th of March, Congress closing its session
on the night of the 3d.
Mr. MARTIN was understood to assent to this
exposition of the object of the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. The gentleman
wished to cut off mileage from Senators m those
cases where they could not go home and back
again. But wherever there was a bona fide ad-
journment, and members went where they pleased,
it was not proposed to cut them oft". He (Mr. T.)
did not suppose that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Mileage, or the committee itself, or the
House, contemplated any such thing, because in
that case it would be manifestly wrong. Senators
in such cases were entitled to their mileage, and,
whether their business induced them to stay here
or to go home or elsewhere, was not a proper sub-
ject of inquiry. They were entitled to their mile-
age, and their constituents were ready to award it
to them. He, therefore, offered the following
amendment, and renewed the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Strike out from the word " unless" to the word
" meeting," inclusiie, and insert:
" Where the same shall be called to meet imme-
diately after the adjournment of a preceding ses-
Mr. THOMAS SMITH appealed to Mr. T. to
withdraw the demand, that he (Mr. S.) might say
a few words.
Mr. THOMPSON replied that, the choice was
not left to him, as he was under pledge to Mr.
McKay.
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to inquire if the " morn-
ing hour" had not expired.
The SPEAKEPi replied in the affirmative.
And so the bill parsed from under the considera-
tion of the House for this day.
Mr. TIBBATTS, with a view, he said, to en-
able the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs (Mr. IKnu.sov] to bring up lus bills,
moved that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, on leave, withdrew cer-
tain papers from the files of the House.
Mr. IIENLI-V* made an ineffectual effort to have
the call of the committees for reports concluded.
The motion of Mr. Tibbatts having been agreed
to, the PIou^c resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Daniel, of
North Carolina, in the Chair.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the hill creating a
corps of sappers and miners; eriving notice, that if
that bill should be taken up, and disposed of, he
would then move that the committee .take up the
lull providing for the organization of two regiments
of mounted iiflemen.
Mr. McKAY suirgpRtcd, that when the. commit-
tee rose yesterday, it had under consideration the
Indian appropriation bill, and that, before the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hakal-
«ov] could he acted upon, it would be necessary
to postpone the consideration of that bill.
Mr. llAIlAI.SON accordingly submitted that
motion.
And the question being taken, (by tellers,) the
Mite stood, nyes.VJ, noes 59.
No quorum voting.
But a hbcial quoium was obviously present.
Mr. McKAY called for another count; at the
same time expressing the hope that the committee
would first dispose of the Indian appropriation bill;
afier which it could take up any business it might
think proper.
Mr. HARALSON then said, that upon this in-
timation from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. McKay,] he (Mr. H.)
would not, press his motion; but would withdraw
it under the expectation—
[Cries of "no bargains, understandings, nor ex-
pectations. "]
Mr. HARALSON concluded: under the expec-
tation that the bills ho had designated would be
taken up so soon as the committee had disposed of
the Indian appropriation bill.
So the committee resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30th, 1847.
The pending question was on the following
amendment, heretofore offered by Mi. White:
" That the Winnebago Indians have the right
' and privilege of conducting their own business
' in their own way, without any obstruction by
' the Indian agents, sub-agents, or other officers of
' the Government, and that they be allowed to em-
' ploy such preachers, schoolmasters, formers, me-
' chanics, and artisans, as are provided in the sev-
' eral treaties with said Winnebago Indians, in
• such manner as the chiefs of said tribes may de-
' cide; and also that the interest due and to become
' due on the amounts stipulated to be secured to
\ ' the half-breeds of said tribe be paid to said half-
! ' breeds regularly every year, according: to said
j 1 stipulations in the said treaties contained."
Mr. M. L. MARTIN offered the following as
a substitute for the amendment:
" To defray the expense of holding a treaty with
1 the Menomonie Indians for the purchase of their
'lands north of Fox river, in the Territory of
' Wisconsin, two thousand dollars."
Mr. M. explained m a few words the object of
the amendment, and was understood to say that it
had been before the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and that the appropriation met with the recom-
mendation of that committee.
In relation to the proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. White,] he (Mr. M.) did
not wish to exclude from this bill any proper
amendment; but the treaty held with th© Winne-
ba oes designated the manner in -which the money
for their schools should be appropriated; it was
left to the discretion of the President. The House
could not by this bill repeal a treaty stipulation.
Mr. M. read the fourth article of the treaty.-
Mr. WHITE said, he hoped the substitute
would not be adopted. Some time since, he had
given notice to the House of his intention to in-
troduce a bill relating to this subject; bat knowing
the difficulty of accomplishing anything in that
way, he had taken the opportunity of offering an
amendment to this appropriation bill, for the pur-
pose of reaching the complaints that had come to
him from this individual tribe. If the gentleman
who offered the substitute would look into the
treaty with that tribe of Indians, made in 1837,
he would find that it was not left discretionary
with the President of the United States, or any-
body else to appropriate money, or to order ap-
propriations. But some officers of the Govern-
ment had taken upon themselves to order these
appropriations, or to put tlieni off altogether. The
treaty of 1837 stipulated for the appropriation of
#2,800 for purposes of education. The Winne-
bagoes had not had this money. It had passed
into the hands of some individuals; who those
individuals are, he had not been informed,nor did
he care. Mr. W. read from the bill various items
of appropriation, as provided for under the treaty,
i->a r-.C for the
viz:* for "purposes of education, $2,800; for
support of an interpreter, $500; of a miller, $600",
for medical service and medicine, $600. This, he
said, was part of the interest secured to these
Indians, to be paid upon an amount of 011,000,
which was to be invested under this treaty for
the benefit of these Indians. It was merely to
cany out the provisions of this treaty that he had
offered the amendment. If it was passed, and was
not required as absolutely necessary, it could do
no harm; and if the privileges and powers prom-
i lsed them, under the treaty, were not enjoyed by
I them, certainly it was needed. He had before
| him several documents in relation to this matter
■ which were somewhat important, as they showed
'the fact most conclusively that, for some reason
not known to him, (Mr. W.,)and he presumed
not known to this House, or to the country, or to
the officers of our Government, the Governor of
Iowa refused to permit a Catholic priest or school-
master tp enter into the territory belonging to these
Indians to preach to or to instruct them. Now it
was well known by gentlemen who resided in the
neighborhood of the Indians, that all these Indians
were of the Catholic persuasion; and was it not
wrong and highly improper for this Government to
'engage in a persecution against any particular reli-
gious denomination ? Pie had before him a letter
of Governor Chambers of the 22d of April, 1844,
to tlie Indian agent, in which he directed that
agent to prevent the establishing any school with-
in that territory which shall he taught by a Catho-
lic. He bad also before him statements showing
, that the money which is secured to be paid to these
i Indians was paid to certain chiefs of that tribe, or
' rather to the traders of that tribe, and the chiefs
are indebted to these traders generally for the
whole amount of the appropriation; the result of
which was, that the money is applied to the pay-
ment of these debts created by the warriors, chiefs,
or a few head-men, and never reaches the nation
at all. He did not know how it was with refer-
ence to other tribes; he had therefore confined his
amendment to this tribe, concerning which he had
received information. The amendment certainly
could not be objectionable, because, if the Govern-
ment officers discharged properly their duties, it
would be entirely inoperative; if they did not, let
them understand that it is the wish of this House
that the provisions of this treaty shall be carried
I out-
j He was at a loss to know why the chairman of
I the Committee of Ways and Means, who reported
i this bill, and who declared in his remarks yester-
day that he was in favor of some plan that should
secure the appropriation of this money to the ben-
efit of these Indians, as was intended, should be
opposed to the proposition which he presented.
The gentleman had stated that there was over s
million of dollars proposed to be appropriated by
this bill; and yet he was unwilling that a single
dollar of it should be protected, and be made cer-
tain of reaching its proper destination for the bene-
fit of the Indians.
