410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
this bill? This was simply a bill appropriating
what was required under existing treaties with
the Indian tribes. He could not understand the
gentleman from North Carolina as wishing this
Government to apply its retrenchment upon what
it had solemnly agreed to give to the Indians.
"We could not so do without a violation of the
treaties we have made with miserable, dependant
tribes of Indians. Though he (Mr. H.) went as
far for retrenchment as the gentleman, and proba-
bly one step farther, yet he should hesitate long
before he should single out this bill to make it the
•first subject of retrenchment, and especially that
portion of the bill to which his remarks were di-
rected, which went to give the Indians their annu-
ity to which they were entitled under the solemn
treaties by which this Government had pledged its
faith to them. Now, this bill was a bill making
appropriations to carry out and execute our con-
tracts with the Indian tribes, of moneys which we
had agreed in our treaties with them that we would
pay them annually. He was informed that the
gentleman had been for several years a member of
the Committee on Indian Affairs of this House.
Nov/ that gentleman's understanding and correct
notions of legislation generally would at once lead
him to conclude, as it did lum (Mr. H.) and every
fair-thinking man, that this bill was not the bill
on which to commence the correction of these
abuses. If abuses exist here, his honorable friend
from Mississippi, the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affans, [Mr. Thompson,] would not
only feel it his pride but his duty to bring in a bill
for their correction. The gentleman [Mr.Thomp-
son] asked him, in what respect? He had our In-
dian relations under his special charge; and know-
ing his capacity to comprehend all their intrica-
cies, Mr. H. might have asked him that question,
with great confidence that he would be prepared
to give a prompt and satisfactory answer. But
lie asked the gentleman from iNorth Carolina, [Mr.
Graham,] as well as his friend from Mississippi,
if there was a dereliction of duty anywhere, to
look at their own doors and see if none of it lay
there;. If these abuses exist—if these frauds so
gioss were staring them in the face, what had the
gentleman from North Carolina been doing, f<u*
so long a peiiod of time, when he had had the
honor of representing so ably the interests of the
Government and of the Indians upon the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.1 And why did not that
committee now bring m a bill correcting these
abuses ? It had not long since been decided as a
rule of this House, that affirmative legislation could
not be made in your general appropriation bills;
yet, now they were called upon gravely to de-
lay this bill, the object of which was merely to
give to these Indians what we had agreed to give,
in order to get information, and to enable them to
determine whether they could not, as members of
the Indian committee, bring forward a bill correct-
ing these abuses and frauds, and regulating the
application of these appropriations. jNow, as far
as the Committee of Ways and Means were con-
cerned, [Mr. Houston is a member of that com-
mittee,] they had not the charge of this thing at
all. They had merely and only to bring forward
the appropriations asked for by our Government
under its express stipulations with the Indian
tribes; and the matter of providing for the correc-
tion of abuses and frauds practised upon the In-
dians belonged to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
who undoubtedly had upon their table all the proof
of such frauds, if they existed.
He hoped that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina would not persist in his motion to postpone
action upon this bill. It had been under consider-
ation for several days; and as there was nothing
in the bill which could be reached, except from such
legislation as must come from another committee,
he asked, why oppose this bill, which we were
bound to pass, or we violated our faith with the
Indians. The objections which were made to it were
all of a piece. They did not apply directly to the
bill, but to other points arising out of our Indian
relations, which did not come within the jurisdic-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
which should not be incorporated into an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. S. ADAMS said the simple proposition be-
fore the House, as presented again and again, was,
whether they should make an appropriation to pay
a debt due from this Government to various tribes
of Indians ? He wished to call the attention of the
committee for a moment to one of the suggestions
which had been made, and which seemed to obtain
to a considerable extent in this House, that it was
exceedingly wrong that this Government should
pay the tribes of Indians according to our treaty
stipulations with them, in consequence of those
tribes having been diminished since the treaties
were entered into. And one case had been present-
ed several times, and remarked upon, where $65,000
were paid to a tribe of Indians who now number
650. The whole argument (said Mr. A.) was
founded on a false supposition. What was the
consideration for which this Government entered
into this contract? It was that these Indians sold
their usufruct in the lands to an amouut equivalent
to that which was agreed to be given them. Then,
what did it matter whether they had increased in
number, or diminished, since the time of that sale?
Why did this House go into the inquiry whether
we shall pay these tribes, as \\c agreed to, in con-
sequence of their having been diminished? This
Government had received its equivalent, as we were
bound to suppose, and it was bound to pay the
consideration which it had solemnly agreed to. If
an individual having but two heirs, has a right to
leave §100,000, or a larger estate to them, had not
these remaining Indians the same right to the estate
left them by their ancestors'* lie insisted, there-
fore, that it was the duty of the House, with as
little delay as possible, to pass this bill. The faith
of the nation was pledged by the supreme law of
the land to make the appropriations proposed in it.
The Committee of Ways and Means had reported
no other provisions than we were bound to pay, as
all acknowledged. Why, then, should they go into
this in\estimation, whether men speculate, or not,
upon the poor Indians? Here was not the place
to raise a hue-and-cry again-st speculation. If the
agent of the Government, who is appointed to see
that the money for these Indians is expended pro-
perly, has been derelict to his duty, it was the
duty of the Government to inquire into the matter.
If these errors and frauds exist which have been
alleged, let them go into a system of legislation to
sccuie their collection; but let them not trammel
the passage, of this bill by resolutions of inquiry
and propositions of that sort. They should do one
thing at a time; they should act upon the subject
which is legitimately before them. He was, there-
fore, for the passage of the bill without unnecessa-
ry amendment or postponement. He thought the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin was
proper, and should be adopted.
Mr. DARRAGH made a few general remarks
(in a tone and from a position in which they were
inaudible in any connected form at the Speaker's
left) upon the extent of the treaty-making- power,
and of the obligations which its actions imposed
upon Congress; referring, by way of illustration,
to the Ashburton treaty. He protested against the
principle, that because a treaty was made, this
House was bound to carry it into effect. He con-
sidered it an anti-democratic principle, and hoped
it would never be sanctioned by Congress.
Mr. L. H. SIMS (who, unfortunately, was also
imperfectly heard) rose to ask this committee what
would be thought of the American Congress, if
they were disposed to violate the stipulations of a
treaty with a Power competent to enforce their
rights under that treaty ' He asked this commit-
tee, through their chairman, what had the Ameri-
can Government or the people of the United States
received from the vavious tribes? and in what man-
ner had they attempted to remunerate them? And
were not we bound, in greater sacredness and
strictness, if possible, to carry out to the fullest
extent our treaty stipulations with the poor, unfor-
tunate Indians, than to meet our engagements with
other nations? We had received their lands from
them, and wc should be willing to pay them every
cent of the small consideration we have agreed to
pay for them.
Gentlemen remote from these Indian tribes—as
many of the members of this committee were—un-
acquainted with the successful and unsuccessful
operation of this Government, and the management
of their domestic affairs, might form erroneous
opinions on the subject; but a better knowledge of
these tribes would convince them, and would con-
vince the gentleman from New York, that they
were incompetent to the regulation of their own af-
fairs. He referred to the Cherokees as one of the
most advanced tribes, but removed from the centre
of civilization, and thrown upon our frontier, when
entrusted with the management of their own con-
cerns, civil, political, and religious, great dangers
had ensued. This Government should retain the
right at all times to regulate their concerns. The
Government was bound to carry out its treaty stip-
ulations with them; and it was bound, further, to
keep them in check, and to preserve that order and
decorum which were necessary for the influence of
the laws of the Anieripan Government upon them.
It was inhumanity, and it showed an utter destitu-
tion of the milk of human kindness, for any man,
who was acquainted with the condition of these
tribes, to say that they should be left to govern
themselves, and to expend in their own way the
money which the Government appropriated to
them. If gentlemen could see them herding with
the beasts of the field, and eating the offal at their
feet, they would know at once that they were in-
competent for self-government. If tfiere were
abuses, they should be reported by the proper offi-
cers to this House, and measures should be taken
to correct them. But when a bill was brought for-
ward by a committee, who had investigated the
subject thoroughly, who were looking to the inter-
ests of this nation, and of the various tribes of In-
dians committed to their care, and who were de-
sirous of promoting their harmony, peace, and
prosperity, he was willing to admit that gentlemen
had done their duty on the subject, and to sustain
the bill until a different state of'facts was made out
by incontrovertible evidence. Pie was not one of
the members of this House who had been willing
to believe that the honorable chairman of (he Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would attempt to press
upon this House anything improper, or which
would subvert or violate the good faith of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. GRAHAM observed that it was said that
this bill comes from a very able committee of this
House, at the head of which was his colleague,
[Mr. McKay,] and if he was disposed to bestow
confidence, he should upon him and upon this com-
mittee as highly as upon any body. It was fur-
ther said, however, that, coming from this commit-
tee, gentlemen would not investigate it, but take it
upon faith. There was where they differed. No
man, no committee, did his (Mr. G.'s) thinking
here,. He investigated for himself. He listened
with deference to the opinions of others, and treated
them with respect at all times; but no matter how
high, how low, or how many, he did not make his
bow and say " amen," before he understood it.
He was asked by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] in very good nature, why, when
he (Mr. G.) was a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, a few years ago, he had not cor-
rected all the abuses that existed in the Indian De-
partment. He would tell that honorable gentleman
that he did humbly think that he had contributed
to the correction of some of them, although a good
many remained which could not be corrected. JBut,
as the gentleman lived in a country where they
ploughed, and planted, and farmed a good deal, he
very well knew that in good strong ground, no
matter how much you plough, weeds will grow- in
the summertime; and, in like manner, where there
is a good fat treasury, weeds will spring up by this
Indian Department, particularly when ploughed by
speculators.
The gentleman says, why oppose this bill now?
He (Mr. G.) had no doubt but the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs would do
what he thought proper and right; but he asked,
from his experience in this House, whether they
had not heard this old song over and over again?
Let us pass this bill now; to-morrow, or at some
convenient season, we will correct it. The money
is gone; where is the use of locking the door when
the horse is stolen? It was idle, if they did not
intend to begin their work of reform on the appro-
priation bills; and it was utterly astonishing, when
a million and a quarter of dollars were going out of
the treasury, that they were to be told, " Why,
just make the appropriation now, and afterwards
you can correct abuses." He could not; he would
not. He could not repudiate the faith of the Gov-
ernment; but he trusted in God he should repudi-
ate fiaud to the day of judgment.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON replied to Mr.
Graham. The gentleman (said Mr. H.) says he
thinks for himself, and seems to rebuke that spirit,
which, to some extent, has prevailed^ in this House
on the part of others, of taking bills and giving
them their support, because reported from the stand-
