1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
state of the Union, with a view to take up the bill
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
to establish a line of military posts on the route to
Oregon.
[Voices, " No—private bills to-day." " The
war is over."]
The question was taken, and this motion was
rejected.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH, 011 leave, offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a tri-monthly mail, by
steamboat, from Jacksonville, via St. Augustine,
New Smyrna, Indian river, Miami river, and Key
West, to Havana, and a similar mail route from
Key West, via Charlotte's Harbor, Tampa Bay,
Cedar Keys, St. Mark's river, and Apalachicola,
to Pensacola; and whether it would be most expe-
dient to carry such mail in public war-steamers, or
in the vessels of private contractors, susceptible of
being- converted into war-steamers when required.
Mr. DOBBIN offered the following amendment,
which was accepted by Mr. Brockenbrough as a
modification:
Resolved, also, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route be-
tween Fayetteville, in Cumberland county, and
Smithfield, in Johnston county, in the State of
North Carolina.
And thus modified, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON,on leave, offered the
following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to report to this House a copy of any contract
in his department, with any person or persons, for
the removal of the Miami Indians in Indiana, and
also report if any money has been paid upon such
contract, andif so, how much, and to whom paid;
and also to report if said Indians have boon re-
moved, and if not, the cause why said removal
has been delayed; and if any change or transfer of
said contract has been matle, to report the same
without delay.
Mr. BEDINGER asked leave to offer the follow-
ing; which was read for information :
Resolved That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing the "ColumbiaFoundry,'Mn the Distrist, of
Columbia, near Georgetown, as a model foundry
for the manufactuie of ordnance for the United
States.
Objected to.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Zacha-
riah Lawrence; which report was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOGE, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Conrad House
and J. Wilkinson; which report was laid upon the
table.
Mr, MORRIS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made a report upon the petition of the hens
of John Whitsett, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. A. D. SIIVIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
the Orphan's Asylum and Female Free School of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, accompa-
nied by a report; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the Senate bill en-
titled "An act to authorize the Secretary of the
* Treasury to make an arrangement or cornpro-
* mise with Mangle M. Qjiaekenboss and his co-
« obligors, or any of them, for claims on bonds
* given by them as sureties to the United States,"
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. HILLIARD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made a report upon
the case of William B. Stokes, surviving partner
of J. N. C. Stockton & Co., accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the resolution from the Senate entitled "A resolu-
tion providing for temporary mail service in Tex-
as," reported the same without amendment.
Ordered, That the said resolution be committed.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion ofW. Vannoy, William Harris, and William
P. Moore; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. E. H, EWING made a report upon the
case of the heirs and legal representatives of Colo-
nel Francis Vigo, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the bill for the re-
lief of Jacob L. Vance, reported the same with an
amendment, accompanied by a report in writing;;
which was committed to a committee of the whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. STEPHEN" ADAA4S, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, made a report upon the
petition of Solomon Russell, in Somerset, Maine,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Aflairs, to which was referred the petition of Wil-
liam J. Price, reported a hill for his relief; which
bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. CATTICART, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the memorial of the
Legislature of Iowa, for the removal of the Win-
nebago Indians; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. C , from the same committee, made a report
upon the petition of J. & L. Ward, accompanied
by a bill for their relief; which bill was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. FARAN cave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to reorganize the district and
circuit courts of the United States in the State of
Ohio.
Mr. LEAKE, from the Committee of Claim**,
made, an adverse report upon the petition of James
K. l>lunl; which report was hud upon the table.
Mr. 1TERRICK, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, to whom was referred the sub-
ject, reported a hill for the relief of the legal repre-
srntati\es of Tarlton Woodson, deceased; which
bill was read twice, and committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. COCKE
asked, obtained leave, and introduced bills of the
following titles;
A hill for the relief of James Green;
A bill for the relief of Israel McBeo, of the coun-
ty of Grander, in the State of Tennessee;
Which hills were read twice and committed.
Mr.MclIKNRY,by leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, rela-
tive to a bridge at Wheeling, over the Ohio river;
which was referred to the" Committee on Roads
and Canals.
M i • 1IKNLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
to wim-h was referred the bill from the Senate enti-
tled uAn act fur the relief of Charles G. Pnye,"
reported the same without amendment; which bill,
after a few remarks from Messrs. T1ENLRY,
HOPKINS, D. P. KING, TIIURMAN, and
GROVKR, was, on motion of Mr. G., laid upon
the tahl \
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the case of
Thomas Thody; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. THURMAN, on leave given, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads arc hereby instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post route
from LocustGiove, in Adams county, in the State
of Ohio, by Marble Furnace, Tranquillity, and
\oungs\ille, to Eckmansville, in said county of
Adams.
Mr. ASHMUN gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of the soldiers of
the 4th regiment of infantry who served in the last
war with Great Britain.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. PRICE
asked, obtained leave, and introduced a bill for the '
relief of George Jackson and others; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, (the morning hour
having expired,) the House determined to proceed
to the consideration of private business.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 13th instant, a statement of
the residences of the several clerks and other per-
sons in the employment of that department at the
time of their employment; which letter and state-
ments were laid upon the table.
II. A letter from the Secretary of War trans-
mitting, in obedience to the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 16th instant, a report
touching the comparative advantages and disadvan-
tages of the several points on Lake Erie for the es-
tablishment of a naval depot on said lake; which
letter and report were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES asked leave to make a re-
port from the select committee on the rules.
Objected to.
Mr. YANCEY asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That when this House adjourns, it
stands adjourned until Tuesday next, in honor of
the memory and in respect to the anniversary of
the birth-day of George Washington, the father of
his country.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. YANCEY. Objection made, sir' By whom?
I would like the gentleman to show his face.
Mr. HUNGERFORD. I show my face, and I
object. Are you Satisfied ?
The resolution was not received.
The House then passed to the consideration of
the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Gibson com-
ing up on the question of engrossment—
Propositions for amendment and recommitment
were made by Messrs. ASHMUN and RATH-
BUN.
After a few remarks from Messrs. DANIEL,
GIDDINGS, (m inquirv,) RATH BUN, BROCK-
ENBROUGH , S. JONES, HUNGERFORD, and
GORDON—
The bill, on motion of Mr. M. BROWN—by
ayes 75, noes 42—was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. YANCEY, the rules were
suspended, and the following resolution, again of-
fered by him, was introduced and adopted:
Resolved, That when this House adjourns, it
•stands adjourned until Tuesday next, m honor of
the memory and in respect to the anniversary of
the birth-day of George Washington, the father of
his country.
The bill for the relief of Lyon & Howard, which
had heretofore been reported from the Committee
of the Whole, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, coming up on the question of concurrence
in that recommendation—
The cjuestion was taken; and the recommenda-
tion of tne committcc having been concurred m, the
bill was rejected.
Subsequently, on a suggestion by Mr. P. KING,
and on a motion to that effect made (for Mr. K.'s
accommodation) by Mr. BRINKERHOFF, the
vote was reconsidered, and the bill again took its
place at the foot of the calendar.
The bill for the relief of William Macauley was
read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of John Ficklin coming up
on the question of concurrence in the amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole,
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
was read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House re-
sohed itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Vinton, of Ohio, in the Chair.)
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, the,
committee proceeded to the consideration of the
bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel William
Grayson.
A discussion followed, in which Messrs. JO-
SEPH JOHNSON, CLARKE, ADAMS, BAY-
LY, BRINKERHOFF, HUBARD, and COL-
LAMER, participated.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House, with a re-
commendation that it do not pass.
After a few remarks from Mr. E. H. EWING,
The committee, on motion of Mr. SEDDON,
rose, and reported progress on!}'.
Mr. CLARKE moved a reconsideration of (lie
vote by which the bill for the relief of Charles M.
Gibson had been laid on the table.
And, pending this motion,
The House adjourned.
