1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Lands, to whom were referred certain resolutions
of the General Assembly of Arkansas, re'ported a
bill to amend the act approved June 17, 1844, for
the adjudication of private land claims before the
courts, and for other purposes; which was read
a first time.
Mr. A. also, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, made adverse reports upon the petitions of
Edward S. Osgood and Caleb Greene.
Mr. YULEE moved that the prior orders of the
day be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill providing for the ad-
justment of all suspended pre-emption claims in
the several States and Territories.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON objected to the depar-
ture by the Senate from the calendar. He stated
that it would be recollected that he had given no-
tice of his intention to call up on the 23d instant
the bill to provide for the ascertainment of claims
of American citizens for spoliations prior to the
31st of July, 1801. The Senate had made it the
special order for that day; but having adjourned
over yesterday, he had intended to call up the bill
this evening; but the few moments which remained
before the time for the special order would arrive,
would render it impossible for him to go into a
statement of the grounds on which that bill was
reported. He had risen merely to state three rea-
sons for delay; and for the information of the claim-
ants, he would add, that it was his intention to
take the earliest opportunity of calling it up. He
•was exceedingly anxious to have this bill consid-
ered; but, on consultation with many of his brother
Senators, he was confirmed in the opinion that it
would be useless to make the attempt at this time.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed several bills, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was asked; also announcing that the
President of the United States had signed and ap-
proved an act to enlarge the powers of the seveial
Orphans'courts for the District of Columbia.]
Mr. DAYTON opposed the motion to postpone
the prior order; as also did
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, who said, that in conse-
quence of the frequent interruption of the regular
order of business, one of the first bills of the session
had not yet been actcd upon, and he had flattered
himself that if the Senate did travel out of the cal-
endar, it would take some action upon that bill.
Mr. YULEE remarked that it would take but
little time to act upon the bill which he proposed
to take up; it required no explanation, would meet
with no opposition, and might have been consid-
ered in the time already spent by the Senate in
considering his motion.
Mr. H. JOHNSON said he would barely re-
mark, that a letter had been received from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, stating the pressing necessity
which existed for the passage of this bill. It would
not be necessary to read that letter. There would
be no discussion on the bill.
The Senate, however, refused to postpone the
prior order.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The following bills, reported from the House of
Representatives this morning, were taken up for
consideration, viz:
An act for the relief of Wm. McCauleyj which
was read and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. . . , ,
An act making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fuffillina: treaty stipulations with the various
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1847; which
was read, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance
An'act for the relief of John Ficklin; which
was read and referred to the Committee on Pen-
S1<An act to regulate the mileage of Senators; which
was read.
Mr WESTCOTT moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Retrenchment and Re-
Mr. SPEIGHT moved, as an amendment, its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEVIER considered the Library Commit-
tee the most appropriate reference. Members of
the House were in the habit of procuring books
from the Senate Library, and he was led to believe
that the privilege was frequently so abused as to
demand investigation into the subject. He there-
fore moved the reference of the bill to the Library-
Committee.
Mr. WESTCOTT hoped the Senator from Ar-
kansas would not persist in his motion. If there
were abuses connected with the library let them
be corrected by special action.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion.
Mr. LEWIS hoped the bill would be referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WESTCOTT could not see the propriety
of referring the subject to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. He did not understand that any matter of
law was involved therein.
Mr. BREESE remarked, that the bill in ques-
tion proposed to change one of the standing laws
of Congress, and that the Judiciary Committee
therefore was the appropriate refcrencc.
The question being taken on Mr. Westcott's
motion to refer to the Committee on Retrench-
ment, was decided in the negative.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
decided in the affirmative.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the adverse report of the Committee on Pensions,
on the petition of Daniel B. Baker; which was
concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution reported from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary on the 16th instant, in relation to the peti-
tion of Nahum Ward; which resolution was agreed
to.
Also, the resolution reported from the Commit-
tee on Indian Aflmrs, in relation to the removal of
the Miami Indians.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that the Miami Indians
were a small tribe, who received u large annuity
from the Government—that they were desirous of
lemoving west of the Mississippi river—were in-
debted to ciu/.ens of the United States to a large
amount, and wished to pay those debts by a por-
tion of their annuities. The resolution under con-
sideration proposed merely to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to retain—at the request of
the Indians—a portion of their annuities lor the
purpose of the settlement of their debts.
The question being taken upon the resolution, it
was agreed to.
The Senate also proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
AstiLKY on the J9lh instant; which was agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Iloads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Pine
Bluffs, Jefferson county, via Pnncelon and Dallas-
port, to Washington,"Hempstead county, in the
State of Arkansas; also, a post-ioute from Bates-
ville, up Passe Bayou, via the residence of John
Martin, to Salem, the county seat of Pulton coun-
ty, in said State.
The Senate also considered the following reso-
lution, submitted a few days since by Mr. Evans;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be required
to communicate to the Senate any despatch or in-
formation he may have received lrom either of the
Ministers of the United States abroad upon the sub-
ject of a ship canal across the Isthmus of Panama,
and of opening new channels of communication
with the Eastern nations.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The hour of one having arrived—
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the special order, being the
joint resolution of Mr. Allen', as amended by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give
notice to Great Britain of the intention of the Gov-
ernment of the United Suites to annul the conven-
tion of the joint occupancy of the Oregon territory,
the resolutions of Messrs. Hannxcan, Calhoun,
and Crittenden, and the joint resolution from the
House of Representatives on the same subject.
The question being on the substitute moved by
Mr. Crittenden—
Mr. DICKINSON" rose and addressed the Sen-
ate, observing that the question to be discussed was
interesting and important, not merely in its own
nature or on its own account, but from its bearing
on the well-being of a great system. Although
apparently confined to a mere question of bound-
ary, it spread in its consequences far beyond the
ken of human vision. In order to form a dispas-
sionate judgment in regard to it, we must trace
hack the pathway of discovery and civilization
from its earliest date on this western continent.
Towards the close of the fifteenth century the
adventurous spirit of the age was tracing its way
along the coast of Africa, in the hope of discover-
ing in that way a nearer route to the treasures and
commerce of the East; and the ardor of the ex-
plorers was stimulated by a bull from Pope Nicho-
las V, who granted to the crown of Portugal, whose
subjects should prosecute successfully then* dis-
coveries in pagan regions, the right of conquest and
the right of trade m all heathen countries they
should discover in that direction. About the same
time, after the return of Columbus, Ferdinand and
Isabella obtained ftom Pope Alexander "VI, a grant
to the united crowns of Castile and Leon of all lands
not previously discovered by Christian people,
and which should be taken possession of under
their authority. In consequence of this, there took
place between the Governments of Spain and Por-
tugal the celebrated partition of the ocean by a line
drawn three hundred and seventy leagues west of
the Azores; all countries lying east of that line to
be the property of Portugal, and all west of it to
Spain. The results of the discovenes of Colum-
bus gave a great stimulus to the Court of Spain in
favor of geographical discovery, the extent of her
dominions by conquest, and tlie spreading of her
superstition, with all its idle vagaries, among bar-
barous and unenlightened nations^
In 1512, Ponce de Leon set out in an expedition
of three vessels, to search among the newly-found
islands of the west for a far-celebrated spring, which
was to endue those who drank of its waters with
perpetual youth and beauty. Leon, in prosecuting
this search, discovered Floiida. Balboa, the Gov-
ernor of Santa Maria, set out afterwards, penetra-
ting where Darien now is, in search of a western
ocean and of gold, and discovered the Pacific, into
whose waves he entered to his waist, taking pos-
session of them in the name of the king his mas-
ter.
In 1520, Magellan, a Portuguese, discovered the
Stiaits which bear his name, and sailed through
them into the broad Pacific. Mexico had previ-
ously been discovered in 1518 and conquered by
Spain. The Spanish Government from that time
went on prosecuting her discovciics with great
vigor, and especially on the northwest coast of
Amcriea.
From this period of 1520 down to 1810, Mr. D.
said he had collected, from all sources within his
reach, historic facts bearingon our title to Oregon.
But since this entire ground had been gone over
with so much learning, clearness, and ability by
his colleague, [Mr. Dix,] he should gladly pass
over this branch of the subject, alluding only to a
few isolated facts and dates, for the purpose of
establishing certain points of argument from which
he should afterwards draw his deductions in regard
to the question of our right to Oregon. A.nd to
relieve the Senate from all doubt as to what he be-
lieved to be the extent of those rights, he would
; state, at once, and m the outset, that when h©
should in this argument speak of Oregon, he meant
the country on the northwest coast and west of the
Rocky mountains, extending from latitude 42° to
latitude 54° 40'. And, if gentlemen would honor
him with their attention, he hoped in the end very
clearly to show where the respective rights to that
entire country actually lay. And he would state
here that he could not believe that Great Britain or
any Christian nation would go to war for an un-
profitable wrong. He should discuss the question
of our rights with the same freedom as he should
if the ultima ratio was in a court of justice, rather
than the Held of battle, could nations agree to es-
tablish such a court for the settlement of their re-
spective rights, instead of appealing to the last re-
sort of monarchs and of governments. He be-
lieved that neither Great Britain nor our own Gov-
ernment would ever commit the crime of fighting
for a territory which did not belong to them. He
should therefore endeavor to show whose this ter-
ritory of Oregon rightfully was.
Territory might be acquired—1st, by treaty; 2d,
by conquest; 3d, by discovery; 4th, by contiguity
The two first of these sources needed no explana-
tion. In regard to title drawn from discovery, he
would take the liberty of reading from an author-
ity on international "law—he meant the work of
