416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
Martens, Professor of Law in the University of
Gottingen. [Mr. D. here read briefly from that
work, to show how far discovery conferred title.]
The rights resulting from discovery were subject
to certain rules, depending, in part, upon the cir-
cumstances of each case, and pailly on general
principles, applicable to all cases. A general piin-
ciple admitted on this subject was, that the discov-
ery of the great and leading features of an unknown
country was to be held as the d iscovery of the coun-
try. The discovery of the mouth of a river or of
the stream itself, conferred the title by discovery,
not only to the entire valley diained by such river,'
with all its branches, but beyond this, of the re-
gion in which the river flowed as far as its natural
and physical or its political boundaries.
Contiguity might come in aid of discovery, and
when the new territory lay contiguous to a coun-
try already discovered and possessed, discovery
alone may convey a good title. Contiguity, even
without discovery, might convey title when a por-
tion of the contiguous country was occupied by
any political Power, if necessity and the interest
and convenience of that Power required that it
should belong to it. The law of nations, which
was but another name for certain great principles
derived from experience, from religion, from mo-
rality, and civilization, gave a country discovered
to the country whose citizens made the discovery
as ajust reward of its enterprise.
Kor did a more perfect discovery by others who
followed, supersede the right acquired by the first
discoverers. Although the lirst discovery might
not have been_minute, nor carried into detail, pro-
vided the leading physical features of the country
were discovered, tiie country was deemed to have
been already so discovered as to vesta title to it m
the first party who made the exploration. Under
these admitted principles ot'national law, he would
prosecute the inquiry, Who was the rightful dis-
coverer of Oregon ?
It was not necessary that occupation should fol-
low discovery immediately; a leasonahle time was
allowed for this. Lut there must be cwdcnccof
intention to occupy. It was a question of good
faith. And hence it was that Mr. D. bad referred
to the caily discoveries on this continent. He did
not say th.it the l/apal authority gave a just and
valid title to a territory; but those who first receiv-
ed such grants from the Pope fully beliei ed 111 his
authority to make them. E\ery voyage connected
with this discovery Was an emanation from the
Government of Snatn. And their public acts show-
ed fully that it was their intention to take and hold
the countries granted them on that authority.
Spain showed this by the most resolute acts of
sovereignty, and by a persevering course of dis-
covery along the whole northwest coast of this
continent.
Mr. 0. would refer to a few, and but a few,
names in support of this position. And here it
w.is woithy of leniark that every voyage of dis-
covery made by .Spanish subjects was an emana-
tion from the Spanish Government. From the very
first keel that cut the waters of the Pacific down to
the latest voyage of discovery under a Spanish
commander, they all were acting under orders from
the Spanish throne. The voyages had 110 other
object but discovery and acquisition of new terri-
tory. In this respect, the voyages on which Spam
relied for her title differed in toto from those on
which Great Britain attempted to base hers.
This career of discovery had been entered on by
Spain in 1543. It had been attempted m 1540 by
At varado, but the effort failed, for, just as he was j
ready to set out on his expedition, Alvarado died. :
The next attempt was made in 1543. In the pre- !
vious year a Greek pilot, by the name of Juan de j
Fuca, entered the straits which now bore his name <
in 1540. Some doubt had been attempted to be |
thrown round Fuca's own account of this discov-
ery; but Mr. D. would quote on that subject a high
authority, and one of British origin, too. It was
to be found in the London Quarterly Review for j
1816. [Here Mr. D. read from the Review an ex- \
tract, in which the doubts expressed on the subject ;
of Fuca's discoveries were resisted and dispelled.] I
This, he said, ought certainly to be authority with i
the advocates of the British claim. In London j
there was but one party in all that respected their !
foreign policy, and this article was written and pub- !
lished under the very eye of the Ministry.
*n 1603, Biscano discovered the coast as high as
43°, under authority from the Court of Madrid to
make discoveries and settlements, and establish
garrisons by Spanish authority. In 1608, at the
close of his expedition, he died, and for a century
and a half the Spanish discoveries were brought
to a stand, m consequence of the kingdom being
torn by intestine commotion and engrossed by her
wars with all Europe. But after the peace of 1763,
the spirit of enterprise again revived, and the ex-
plorations were resumed; and so thoroughly was
it determined to enter into the system as a part of
the permanent policy of the kingdom, that in New
Mexico a new department of Government was es-
tablished, entitled t( The Marine Department of
San Bias," with the express design of prosecuting
discoveries on the northwest coast. This showed
a continued determination, on the part of Spain,
to adhere to the rights she obtained by discovery,
and to possess herself of all the western portion
of this continent.
From 1503, as far down as 1775, no other Power
thought of setting up any claim to any part of it.
In 1775, Pere?, a Spanish navigator, sat out on
an expedition of discovery, with instructions to go
as high as latitude 60°. He did not reach quite
so high, but went as far as 54° north. After him,
Heceta and Quadra engaged m expeditions of a
similar charactcr. Ileceta went as high as 50°,
and discovered the mouth of the Columbia, but
did not enter the rh ci. lie afterwards discovered
and traccd the coast down from 45° to 42°.
In 1789, it had been ascertained by agents of
Spain, that the Russians were exploring and ma-
king settlements on the coast in latitude 60°. These
settlements were apprehended to be in the neigh-
borhood of the rights of Spain on the north, and
Martinez was sent to ascertain the state of facts,
and report it to his Government. He went ac-
coidingly, and found Russians making settlements
on ihe coastnear Prince Willium'sSound. In con-
sequence of .Martinez's report, a protest and re-
monstrance was addressed by Spain to the Russian
Empress, and in reply she said that her subjects
should not encroach on the territories of Spanish
America. Ilere was an oificial recognition by the
Russian Government, that the temtory on the
northwest coast of America was " Spanish Ameri-
ca." jNot only was tins public acknowledgment
made by Russia, but Spain herself performed the
most unequivocal acts of sovereignty m legard to
these territories. The ship Columbia having put
into the island of Juan Fernandez in distress, was
allowed by the Spanish commandant to remain
there and refit; whereupon, for not having seized
both on the vessel and her crew as intiuders, the
officer was cashiered by his Government.
Martinez carried to his sovereign the news that
two Russian ships were on the northwest coast,
apparently with a design of taking possession of
Nootka Sound; in consequence of which he was
immediately despatched to prevent such an event,
and Ins second and thnd -voyages were expressly
intended to counteract the design and prevent the
Russians fiom taking possession. lie was sent
with orders to erect a fort and «*eize any vessels
which should attempt to enter the harbor. It was
in consequence of these orders that he subsequently
seized the \essels of John Meares.
Down to 1715, and even as late as 1789, Spain
expressly claimed the whole northwest coast. She
exercised every act of authority and sovereign
power; she erected crosses, performed mass, and
took solemn possession of the countiy from point
to point. She had a chart of the coast; not, it was
true, minutely particular, but coriect in all the ma-
terial points, which were then well known, and,
according to the usual practice of the Spanish peo-
ple, named after all the saints in their calendar.
They had previously discovered and taken pos-
session of Mcxico and California, and she also
owned Louisiana, and therefore the whole of this
northwest territory was contiguous to the posses-
sions of Spain.
In 1800 she transferred Louisiana to France.
This was the Spanish title to Oregon m 1803: she
had diswnered and explored the coast and expel-
led all others from its occupation. She had every
title to the country short of full permanent occu-
pation and settlement. And had the Americans no
interest in this claim ?
Gray and Kendnck made their voyage from Bos-
ton in 1788, entered the Straits of Fuca, and spent
a whole season at Nootka. Captain Gray return-
ed in 1792. He not only discovered the mouth of
the river, but entered and sailed into it.
In 1803 France transferred Louisiana to us, with
an undefined western boundary; and it was left a
questionable point, even with the British Govern-
ment itself, whether the transfer did not pass the
whole northwest coast to us. Whether it did carry
with Louisiana proper this whole northwest terri-
tory or not, it was so claimed by us. The Ameri-
can Congress authorized Mr. Jefferson to take pos-
session of the country under that transfer; and ac-
cordingly Lewis and Clarke did take possession by
his orders. They entered the country from the
east, and traced down both branches of the Colum-
bia to their junction, and pursued its main couise
thence to the ocean: they discovered the mouth of
the river and erected a fort there, called Fort Con-
cert.
In 1808 Mr. Henry made an establishment up
the river; and in 1810 John Jacob Astor formed a
fur company in New York, and settled and built a
fort on the South Cape, at the mouth of the river,
which, after the founder, was called Astoria. In
1813 this settlement was taken hy the British, but
restored in 1818 under the stipulations of the treaty
of Ghent. A question arising in regard to the
Louisiana treaty, by which we received from
Franco the title of Spain to Louisiana, Spain in
1819 made a treaty with us respecting the Floridas,
in which she relinquished to the United States all
her right, whatever it might be, to the territories
on the northwest coast of North America.
And now, Mr. D. asked, what was the British
title to Oregon ? Prima facie our title was good;
for if the country did not pass to us by the treaty
of 1803, it certainly did by the treaty of 1819.
Great Britain urged the visit of Drake in 1578;
but Drake never sailed higher than 43°, and never
made a landing on the coast north of 38°.
She pleaded, again, the voyage of Captain Cook
in 1778, who went to Nootka, and examined the
adjaccnt waters and islands.
She relied greatly on the voyage of John Meares,
a British lieutenant, but in the employment at the
time of the Portuguese Governnunt. Meares
claimed to have discovered the Straits of Fuca, but
he did not do more than look into a strait which
the Spaniards had discovered long before; and solar
was he from being the discoverer of Columbia riv-
er, he sailed along the coast past the spot, and
positively denied that any such river was in ex-
istence.
She further relied on the voyage of Vancouver,
in 1792; and lastly on the discovery of Frazer'g
river by McKenzie.
She admitted the priority of the Spanish discov-
eries, but insisted that her own discoveries were
more perfect; but a more perfect examination and
survey of what was already known gave her no
title as a discoverer.
He would take up these British discoveries, and
examine them in order.
The voyages of Cook and Vancouver alone were
undertaken by order of the British Government,
and even they were undertaken for other objects
than discovery. As to the rest, they were the
voyages of mere cruiseis, and their discoveries, if
any, were purely accidental. As to Drake, he
was little other than a sea-robber, a perfect bucca-
nier, cruising not only against the Spanish posses-
sions and settlements, but against the commerce
of the world. Yet such was the morality of the
Court of Elizabeth, that she tolerated a pirate and
homicide like Drake, becausc his deeds were sup-
posed to be of advantage to the realm. However,
no reliance was now placed by the British Govern-
ment on the alleged discoveries of Drake; so he
would pass by them without further remark.
The next was Captain Cook; but he was not em-
ployed on a duty of this kind. In proof of this,
Mr. D. would refer to the occasion of his voyage,
and to his specific instructions.
In 1745, the Parliament of Great Britain offered
a reward of <€20,000 sterling to the discoverer of
a northwest passage to India. And in 1776, she
made a like offer of <£20,000, in addition, to any one
who should discover an opening through the conti-
nent from the Atlantic to the Pacific, above the
latitude of 52°. To make the discovery of this
latter passage, was the avowed object of Cook's
voyage. What was the language of his instruc-
tions from his Government? They were, that he
should 14 take possession of convenient places not
4 before discovered or visited by any civilized Pow-
! ei\"
The discoveries of the Spaniards were well known
