418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
merit of the country did not believe, not one among
her own statesmen believed, that she had a title.
Mr. Clay, who was then Secretary of State of the
United. States, said that Great Britain had not
made out even a color of a title. It will be seen,
and I call attention to the proceedings, that the
treaty of Ghent provided for the restoration of
rights, not to the citizens of this Government, but
to the Government itself; and herein it differed
from the convention of Nootka Sound, inasmuch
as the latter provided for the restoration of certain
rights to the subjects of Great Britain, and not to
the Government. Then, sir, if Astoria had been
taken fiom citizens of this Government only, they
were bound, on application, to restore it under the
treaty of Ghent. And it was accordingly restored
to our Government: and the admission of Lord
Castlerea^h was, that it must be admitted that we
had the right belonging: to the party in possession;
and both the treaty of Ghent and this declaration
show that it was restored, not as the property of
subjects or citizens, not as the property of the Pa-
cific Fur Company, but as the property of the
Government of the United States, it was restored
to this Government through its agent.
Up to this time I think the world might well
have said that our title was clear and unquestion-
able. Up to this time Great Britain had no claim
to the territory whatever beyond the rights which
she derived from the Nootka Sound convention.
In 1818, she did not deem that she had even a
possessory right, but admitted that both title and
possession were in us. So far we iiad successful-
ly resisted her arms, and had been restored to our
title; but fourteen fatal days afterwards we con-
sented to enter into negotiations with her, and,
as usual, fell a prey to the sapping and mining of j
her diplomacy. The treaty of 1818, which it is '
contended is a treaty for joint occupancy, is not
one in reality for joint occupation at all, but a treaty :
for permission to trade and to fish upon the coast. It
gives to Great Britain no right to exercise sose- '
reignty. You will perceive we were already in
possession; she had piaccd us in possession; she
had no rights there, unless she gained them under
the treaty of 1818, winch she calls a treaty of oc-
cupation. The language of that treaty is worthy
of examination. [Mr. D. here read a portion of
the treaty, and then continued:] Now I tlunk I
may well ask where Great Hntain obtained her
right to exercise acts of sovereignty in that terri-
tory. It js said she is in actual occupation; per-
haps it may be considered practical occupation, in-
asmuch as her subjects are there, though by mere
permission and not by conquest. She has no more
right to exercise any act of sovereignty in that ter-
ritory under the Nootka Sound convention, or the
convention of 18J 8, than she has to exercise acts
of sovereignty within the District of Columbia.
Suppose you give the right to the subjects of Great
Britain to navigate the Potomac, or any other
river in the United States, will that give the right
to the Government of Great Britain to exercise
acts of sovereignty upon those rivers? Suppose
you £>ive them the right of carrying on trade in the
District of Columbia: 1 ask trmiphantly where will
they get their warrant for bringing their jurisdic-
tion with them, and exercising acts of sovereignty
over then subjects within the District? I deny
in the broadest manner the principle that any such
right would be conferred. I attack them in then-
own fortified position, that they have not even the
color of a right. I do not deny but that certain
usufructuary rights will appertain to the subjects,
but I deny that the Government, as such, will ac-
quire any right whatever.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, a few
days ago, was pleased to say that this was the
fruit of " barren negotiation." Would to Heaven
the negotiation had been barren !
Mr. BENTON (without rising from his seat)
remarked that the negotiations had lasted thirty
years, and he had designated them, therefore, aged
and barren.
Mr. DICKINSON continued. I am glad it has
been thus barren, and 1 am prepared to show that
it will produce no fruit, such as is anticipated by
Great Britain. To return to the convention of
1818: It gave no rights whatever to the British
Government as such; but it has been, as was well
and ably said by the Senator from Missouri, the
source of difficulty to us  But for that convention,
we should now be in peaceful and quiet occupa-
tion of the territory. It produced very deleterious
consequences to this country, and has in some
degree fortified the claim set up by the British ne-
gotiators: which claim, as late as 1818, they did
not consider worthy of being called even a pos-
sessory right, but which has grown into a right
which it seems she cannot now be deprived of with-
out war. "What is the true state of her title? Legally
they are not in occupation of the territory at all;
they have no rights as a Government, though they
assume the right of extending the jurisdiction of
their courts not only over their own subjects, but
over the whole territory, and over all persons
therein. They have erected extensive fortifica-
tions, and are now literally in the armed occupa-
tion of the country, and in the exorcise of the
highest acts of sovereignty, showing a disposition
to hold it peaceably if they can, otherwise forcibly.
How did they possess themselves of these privi-
leges? I have already shown the manner. With
what intention have they done so? This I will
proceed to show. An agent of the Hudson Bay
Company wrote home to his Government thus:
" The title of Great Britain may hereafter become
of great consequence, and we are strengthening
her claim." They me making what was once no
claim a claim, and next a right, and lastly a title.
Sir, they are doing as they have done in the East
Indies—converting a small trading post into a ter-
ritorial possession, over which they exercise un-
limited jurisdiction. What was a few years ago
a small trading post in the East Indies, they have
converted into a colony whose limits contain a
hundred millions of human beings.
But if this territory is ours, it is material now to
inquire- whether it is worth having. Great Britain
sometimes describes it as a fertile region, and some-
times as a cold and barren waste. And I would
remark, if it be a waste to her, why does she not
yield it up5 It has been called on this floor, I be-
lieve, the Siberia of America. If it is ours, the
question is, whether it is worth preserving? Let
us examine for a moment its position. It stretches
for nearly a thousand miles along the Pueific coast,
the distance from the coast to the Rocky moun-
tains \atying fiom live to se\en hundred miles,
comprising a tract of country nearly equal in ex-
tent to one-half of the States of this Union, its
climate, from what we can gather m regard to it,
is in all respects better than that of New England.
It contains all the necessaries of enjoyment from
the coast to where the Almighty has fixed a bar-
rier between the headwaters of the Mississippi and
those of the Columbia. Within that region plants
spring spontaneously; flowers bloom and shed
their fragrance; the humming-bird performs its
round in the month of March. The country looks
out upon the Pacific ocean, offering facilities for
commercc unsurpassed; containing rivers naviga-
ble for one hundred miles, and some of the best
harbors in the known world; affording everything
that is interesting for the eye to look upon, the
mind to conceive, and the heart to enjoy. A coun-
try which will give us the China trade m as many
weeks as it now takes months to perform the jour-
ney, and without the dangers of a passage around
the capes. A country which will give us the trade
of Japan, the Dutch East India possessions, and,
in fact, a limitless commcrcc. And the question
is gravely raised whether it is worthy of preserva-
tion, or whether it shall be yielded up. 3t is the
advantages of this great commercial possession
which forms the reason why Great Britain desires
to deprive us of it. She sees that the commerce of
the world, if divided into eight parts, belongs five
parts of it to herself and us; and by further allot-
ment, as between ourselves, two of those five parts
are ours; and she sees, too, that, from our growing
importance, if we possess ourselves of this territory,
we shall be in possession of both oceans. She sees
that we will be her succcssors, as we are now the
competitors for her trident; and it is for this rea-
son that she wishes to limit us to the possession of
a portion of the territory.
But we are told, as usual, that there will be war
unless the country be divided. Sir, I said at the
commencement, that I would discuss the question
with the same freedom as though it were one to be
decided before a judicial tribunal; and while I depre-
cate war, 1 as equally deplore a craven and pur-
chased peace. Neither the one nor the other is ne-
cessary. If we have rights, shall we not assert them?
I have shown, not by my arguments alone, but by
the admissions of Great Britain, that she has no
rights beyond those which appertain to her sub-
jects individually. These we have never interfered
with; but she has herself broken the treaty, by the
exercise of acts of sovereignty, which she has a
right only to exercise within her own dominions,
or within a country where it is stipulated that she
shall be entitled to exercise them.
We are told that this state of things must be ter-
minated by peaceable, honorable negotiation. I
hope it may oe. Peaceable negotiation becomes
us; honorable negotiation should accompany it,
and travel along with it. If the territory is ours,
then, are we to give it up, or any portion of it, by
peaceable negotiation ? If we do so, will it be by
honoroble negotiation? If any portion of it be-
belonged to Great Britain, I say, yield it up; give
her her just rights. But if, on a full examination,
wo can maintain, in the face of the civilized world,
that it is ours, it would be an act of injustice to-
wards ourselves to surrender it. Sir, we have the
right to call upon Great Britain to give up her pre-
tended claim. But if she have rights which she
can maintain before the nations of the earth, and
can show that our claim is unfounded, she has the
same right to call upon us to yield it up. But who
is there"that believes that Great Britain will break
the peace of the world, when she cannot show that
she has any right, except the permission to her
subjects to trade there, which permission may be
terminated in a single year by giving notice, and
then all her rights must cease. She is in possess-
ion, I admit, and I must say she is rather a cap-
tious tenant; but let those purchase her off who
will; that is not my policy. Her rights, such as
they are, I will also admit, in the language of Lord
John Russell, must be respected. No one desires,
I apprehend, to treat them otherwise than with re-
spect, until they are terminated by notice. I will
respect those rights in all their bearings, and grant
her all that was demanded or expected by Great
Britain herself at the time that the convention was
formed. This she has amply received, by the en-
joyment of the right to occupy hitherto, and by
the same privilege for a year to come. But I deny
that the British Government has any permanent
right there at all. She has shown that she has
none. After the convention of Nootka Sound, she
gamed no new rights, except what she gained by
the convention of 1818.
But we come now to a new branch of the sub-
ject, and we are told that we must come down to
the 49th degree of north latitude; that must be the
parallel. Why, there is no such question before
the people; there is no such question before this
Government. Why should that parallel be adopt-
ed? For speculative purposes? It has been re-
peatedly offered by our Government, and as often
rejected. The last time it was offered, her Majes-
ty's Minister declared that he hoped this Govern-
ment would make an offer more consistent with
honor and equity. He returned this answer at
once, without referring to his Government. Does
it become our honor, dignity, or self-respect as a
nation, to keep constantly harping before the peo-
ple of this country and the world that the 49th
parallel must be the dividing line? that we will give
them that line, though they have declared they
will not rcccive it? How does this question arise?
We have a right to Oregon; if our right embraces
the whole, shall we not claim the whole? It will
be time enough for us to say we will give Great
Britain a part when she makes out a title to a part.
Shall we force her to take the territory which she
says she will not take? I, for one, will not. I
have sufficient respect for this Government to with-
hold me from the adoption of such a course; and
I have sufficient respect for the Government of
Great Britain to restrain me from indulging in any
unjust aspersions; but I have not sufficient liking
for that Government to offer to bestow upon it that
to which we have a sufficient title.
But we are told that we must negotiate. Cer-
tainly; negotiate, and see what claim Great Britain
can set up. It might well have been the only
question, in the first place, Will you give the no-
tice? Is it proper or just to terminate the conven-
tion, which is not a joint convention? Sir, that
might well have been the question; but it is not.
It has assumed a broader, wider range, and not
only the foreign, but the domestic policy of this
Government has been drawn into the discussion.
But on what ground is it to be discussed? The
difference between this Government and that of
Great Britain in their relative positions can be seen
at a glance. Her Government is central; the power
