1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
410
is confided to her Ministry; there lies her strength.
Where lies our strength? In the great masses of
the American people. They know what concerns
their dearest and best interests, and to them those
interests may well be confided,,n6t because they
are more sagacious, but because, instead of tolera-
ting a star-chamber policy in the disposal of ques-
tions of this sort, they require that they shall be
openly and fearlessly discussed. They objcct to
their discussion in secret session, and the dispo-
sal of them by a process in which our Government
cannot put forth its full strength, as it can in its
representative capacity. Why was it that the
tone of the President of the United States was ap-
proved in what he said in regard to our foreign re-
lations? It was not because he said our title was
clear and unquestionable; it was not that he was
the choice of the people over his distinguished
competitor; not merely that they believed he would
act upon the principles thus avowed, and in ac-
cordance with those of his predecessor, that he
would submit to nothing that was not right: but it
was because he had spoken their own language,
the language which they unhesitatingly approved.
But it is said we must not discuss thi«s question,
because the news from abroad is pacific; because
the dueen's speech is pacific; because the language
used in Parliament is pacific; because the tone of i
the public press in Great Britain is pacific. Sir, I
concede all this; but, beginning with the Queen's
speech, I here remark, that, when our whole policy
is made to depend upon the Queen's speech, or
upon the sentiments of British statesmen, or upon
the press of Great Britain, wc might as well at
once go back to a state of colonial servitude. Sir,
what is the Gtueen's speceh? It is a formula which
is not changed in three sentences for centuries;
and this is the. speech from which we are to take
our line of conduct! But the language in Parliament
is pacific, certainly. Whoever knew an instance in
which Great Britain, a question of foreign policy
being agitated, paiaded it before the world > Her
energies are differently employed. Look to the
Foreign Office for matters of that.kind. The Biit-
ish Premier comes into Parliament with every ex-
pression calculated and weighed well before utter-
ed. In the Clueen'.s speech she intimates that she
would like a little more naval force. The Premier,
in his place in Parliament, sees nothing that will
disturb the peaceful relations of the, country. I le
trusts that peace will be preserved: so do I; and,
therefore, my language is pacific. Hut 1 trust that
Great Britain will yield up her claim—a chum as-
serted without right, and attempted to be main-
tained without evidence. Hence it is that I be-
lieve we shall have no war upon this subjcct.
Whenever Great Britain shall propose a commer-
cial treaty, interesting to tins Government, I hope
we shall meet her half-way; I hope, wc shall meet
her in the same spirit of concession, of compro-
mise, and good feeling which should characteiizc
two great nations. I hope we shall enter into it
in a spirit which becomes us as a nation: but 1 can
see nothing in the tone of the British press, in the
debates in Parliament, or in the G.uecn\s speech,
(in which we are told she emphasized certain pas-
sages,) to induce us to hesitate or waver in the as-
sertion of our right to Oregon. Sir, I take for
granted if she has rights she will insist upon them;
I hope she will. If we have rights, shall we not
insist upon them ?
But she is going to throw open her ports. I am
glad to hear it. But what induces her to do this >
Does she do it out of the love and affection which
she bears to the American people ? Or docs she do
it to still the cry of hunger which ascends to Hea-
ven from millions of her starving subjects? or docs
she do it because she beholds her monarchy totter-
ing upon its pedestal ? Does she do it for the pur-
pose of allowing famine to purchase its crust in the
market? I am glad she has come to the conclu-
sion; hut what warrant have we to suppose that
she will continue that policy when the present pres-
sure is removed? She has been induced to adopt
this policy, not because she has relinquished her
claims upon Oregon, nor because she has a leaning
towards the interests of this country. It can be
viewed in no other light than as a renewal of the
lease of despotism, which she sees is drawing to a
close, and will be terminated unless she change her
policy. Sir? it is a question between the Govern-
ment and suffering thousands of her subjects. The
aristocracy, long as they have been clinging to their
prescriptive rights, have been compelled to give
way; and there is some hope that they may be in- |
duced to grant more favorable measiues towards j
their suffering population. I hope it may be so; !
but I see nothing in all this which gives assurance i
that it will not be withdrawn when its immediate j
object is accomplished. It is nothing more than a !
masterly stroke of policy. She has not been moved j
to it by anything on this side of the water. I would
not have any angry or vindictive course adopted ;
on the part of this Government towards her, but I j
would have it proceed in its own course of policy, I
and leave commercial treaties with leeiproeal ad- I
vantages to take care of themseh es. The Almighty j
has created mouths there, and materials to feed j
them here. The territories of this continent are j
destined for the production of that material, not j
under her Government, but under a Government i
of freedom.
A single word upon the tone of the British press.
It is stated in the public prints that the Govern-
ment of Great Britain has eensuied its able Min-
ister in this country—able, for able he is, and let
me turn for a moment to what I ha\e pnssed over
in the course, of my remai ks, and show th.it he did
not claim that Great Britain had any title to the
Oregon territory. [Here JVh. D. read from the
ofKcial correspondence of Mr. Pakenham with his
Government.] What I want to give the Senate
the benefit of is the ingenuity of the British Min-
ister. He has diverted himself, and drawn the
attention of the Secretary away from the subject
in a manner which renders him worthy of a wreath
which adorned the brow of a Talleyrand. It was
foimrrlv said that the world is sometimes deceived
by ambiguous truths, and the Butirdi Mmis-tei has
adroitly contrived to nestle down truths in a mass
of ingenious words in such a manner as to qualify
them eminently for deception. lint it is said that
the Minister has been censured. Sir Robert Peel
was not prepared to sav whcthei Mr. Pakenham
ought to have submitted the question to his Gov-
ernment or not betore rejecting the oiler of the 49th
parallel; in short, be was evidently not prep ired
to say anything, ff he had told us what mxtuic-
tions had been given byLoid AJnuheu to Mr.
Pakenham, we should h;iv<- known whenna y, r
were likely to incur the disuha-.me of the Bnti-'h
(lovet anient.
Sir, this discussion can decci\c no one: it shall
not decern* me. 1 long lor the secrets of no Cab-
inet, but 1 long for the insti uennns under which
Mr. Pakenham refused that oiler. What does the
London Times sav upon tins subject ' it declares
that Groat Britain could not, with any propitety,
accept the temtory so lesineted and truncated as
to be depiivcd of the na\ i<„>.Uiou of the Columbia.
I ought to n\ui one word from the same paper, the
Timo«, in defrnee of Air. Pakenham.
(\ir. I">. read the passage rdeired to ]
Now, in regard to the diplomacy upon this sub-
ject, (continued Mr. D.O it has not always been
barren, I will admit. Some yi.u^ ago we were
involved m some difficulty; we had the northeast-
ern boundary, the Caroline, the right o( seat eh,
and the Oregon temtory: all these, question.* were
then at issue, and how" h.ive they been disposed
of? U is worthy of a little attention while we
look the history <>f the matter over. The tell-
ings of experience are always valuable. In the
first place, we entered into ai nitration. The ques-
tion of the northeastern boundary was referred to
the King of the Netherlands, who was directed by
the parties to follow certain highlands; and, in-
stead of doing so, lie plunged us into the bottom of
the St. John's mer. Vvre entered into negotia-
tions: they resulted in what5 In the taking a
larger poition of kiritoiy fiom us than Great
Britain claimed, and ihe paying for it by the Uni-
ted States, to the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts, the sum ofs,300,0Q0 from the national treas-
ury. That was the disposition of one question.
The Caroline was another. What became of that?
How did it. arise ?
There were, border difficulties existing between
Canada and the State of New York—hostilities
having been exchanged to some extent between
the parties, at least as it was supposed, when an
armed company, under the direction of the Cana-
dian authorities, came over and seized a steamboat
lying within the territory of the United States.
While the hands were asleep on board, they cut. it
out, murdered a portion of the hands, and one who
came on shore was shot down within the jurisdic-
tion of the State of New York. The boat and her
crew were sent over the falls of Niagara. That
was a question which, the time, raised the in-
dignation not only of the people of New York,
but of the whole American people. The attention
of the authorities of New "York and of the United
States were directed to the subject; reparation was
demanded, and how was it procured? The Fed-
eral Government made use of every exertion in its
power to arrest the prosecution of the individual
who declared himself to be the murderer of one of
the citizens of New York: and but for the firmness
of the Executive and Judiciary of that Slate, they
would have taken away McLeod, who was charged
with that murder, and would have given, him the
benefit of other tribunals less interested in procu-
ring his punishment. It was an issue between the
Federal ami a State Government. What repara-
tion ha.s been made for that outrage* I have heard
it said that the counsel who defended him weie
paid by the nation. I make not this charge; I
hope, for the honor of the nation, it may not be so.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is totally false:
Mi. DICKINSON. I am happy to hear it. I
believe, however, if i ha\e been rightly informed
—and 1 wish to be correct in regard to "the history
of the pan—I have understood, I say, that the
Federal Government insisted upon its right of
taking possession of the individual, and thus pre-
venting New York from holding jurisdiction in the
case of this individual, who declared that he held
the death missile which terminated the life of a
citizen of that State. Does the Senator wish to
explain ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Not at present; I do not
want to intcmipt the Senator. I shall think it ne-
cessary perh ips to call on him hereafter for the
authority upon winch he makes this statement.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 allude to the correspond-
ence between the Governor of the State of New
York and Mr. Webster, the Secretary of State of
the United States. I uo not endorse the author-
ity. 1 do not say it is true. I do not recollect the
| Unas of that correspondence, and I only allude to
i it that the statement, which was made I believe in
, the other House recently, and which 1 now repeat,
might be conti.uhcled if untrue, that the Federal
(<\u ernment dn eeted the Attorney General of the
; United Suites to pioeced to New York, and that
! Mr. Webster expressed the hope that McLcod
•would be given up. I will endeavor to refer to
, the authority, though I have it not now before me.
] I do not intend to misrepresent the facts, nor do I
| wish to distort the truth in legard to the part taken
! by the distinguiwhed Senator, who discharged with
i {ire,it ability the duties of Secretary of State.
] At the suggestion of Mr. HAYWOOD, Mr.
! Dickivson', without concluding his speech, yielded
I the floor for a motion that the Senate proceed to
• the consideration of Executive business. The mo-
tion was agreed to, and the Senate thereupon went
; into Executive session, and after some time spent
! therein, the doors were opened,
1 And the Senate adjourned until to-morrow at
! twelve o'clot k.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Ti/ksday, February 2-1, 1S4G.
The Journal of Saturday was read in part, and
(the further rending thereof having, on motion of
Mr. Hamt in", been dispensed with) was approved.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill for the relief of Doctor Page
had on Saturday last been laid on the table.
Mr. H. said he made the motion at the request
of a gentleman who had voted in the negative.
The motion (the consideration of which was
postponed) was entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER said the business fust in order
would be the call of the States for petitions.
On motion of Mr. ROBERT SMITH,
Ordered, That the petition of Peter Shafer be re-
committed to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. ANDERSON,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions
transmit to the Clerk of this House copies of the
papers on file in his office connected with the ap-
plication of the heirs of Elizabeth Conklm, of New
i York, for a pension.
I HARBORS AND RIVERS.
| The SPEAKER having again stated what the
i regular business of the day was—
! Air. TIBBATTS rose and said, that as gentle-
