420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
men could present their petitions under the rule,
and as their presentation m the House -was there-
fore a mere loss of time, he moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. ]\fr. T. gave notice that his
object was, should that motion prevail, to move to
take up the bill making appropriations for harbors
and rivers.
The SPEAKER put the question, and there was
clearly a majority voting- against the motion, and
the Speaker was so announcing; when
Mr. TIBBATTS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. John Q.. Adams, Arnold, Ba-
ker, Bowlin,Boyd, Brinlcerhoff, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Wm. "VV. Campbell, .Tolm H. Campbell,
Carroll, Cathcart, Chase, Cocke, Coilamer, Cran-
ston, Crozier, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham,
Delano, DoMott, Dillingham, Dunlap, EdsulfjElls-
worth, Erdman, Faran, Foot, Pries, Garvin, Gid-
dings, Giles, Goodyear, Glider, Grinneil, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Henley, Hcrriek, Elias B. Holme's,
Hough, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James C. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, Seaborn .Tones,
Kennedy, Thomas Butler King, Leib, La Sere,
Lewis, Levin, Ligon, McClelland, McDowell,Mc-
Gaughey, Mc.Henry, Me[lvaine, McKay, Marsh,
Miller,Morris, Moseley, Owen, Pendleton, Pernll,
Rathbun, Relfe, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seaman, Severance,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, C.
B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens, yt.
John, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson,
James Thompson, 7'hunnan, Tibbatts, Toombs,
Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, White, Wick, Win-
throp, AVoodruff, "Wright, Veil, and Yomw-—10(i.
NAYS—Messrs. fcVphen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Barrin^cr, TVdinger, Bell, Benton, Jas.
Black, James A. Black, Ih-ockenbrougli, Buffing-
ton, Burt, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Clarke, Cobb, Cnllom, Daniel, Dobbin, John If.
Ewing, Edward TI. Ewmg, Gentry, Gordon,Gia-
ham, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Hilhard,
Hog-e, Hopkins, George S. Houston, llunter, J.
II. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Daniel P. King, Preston King, Leake, Lumpkin,
McClean, McClernand, MeConnell, Barclay Mar-
tin, Moulton, Xon-is, Parish, Payne, Perry, Price,
Reid, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Runic, Russell, Scam-
mon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H.
Sims, Strong-, Sykes, Towns, Trumho, Wheaton,
Woodward, Woodworth, and Yost—67.
So the motion was agreed to.
Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr.
Thomas Smith in the chair.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the hill making- an ap-
propriation for the improvement of certain lunbors
and rivers.
Mr. RATHBTJjNf moved that the committee
take up the bill providing for the appointment of
clerks.
Mr. HARALSON gave notice that if the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Tib-
batts] should not prevail, he, wouid move that
the committee take up the bill pro\idiug for the
organic ition of tv, o regimen ts of mounted riflemen.
Mr. COBB (to Mr. Haralson.) Is your's an
Oregon bill
If any answer was made, the reporter did not
hear if.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
motion of Mr. Tibbatts, and the vote stood'—
ayes 82, noes 60.
So the motion was agreed to.
_ And the committee proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for certain
harbors and rivers.
The bill having been read thiough,
Mr. McCONNELL, remarking that the act was
born m sin and brought forth in iniquity—a remark
which he did not design to have any application to
the committee who reported it—moved that it be
laiii aside, and that the committee proceed to the
consideration of the bill in relation to the appoint-
ment of clerks.
Mi. COBB asked for a division of the motion;
which was ordered.
?le 1'iestion on the motion that the bill be
laid aside, was taken, and decided in the negative-
ayes 63, noes 88.
j So the committee decided that the bill should not
i be mid aside.
I Mr. M^COXNELL then moved to strike out
j the first clause thereof.
; Mr. McC. made a few remarks, which gtive rise
I to much merriment; but such was the uproar in
( the hall, that much of what he said was lost at the
reporter's desk. As far as heard, he said—
I make this motion from the promptings of na-
ture, of common honesty, and of justice to the
constituents I have the honor to represent in this
hall. There are no moneys that are deposited in
the vaults of the treasury of the United States, un-
less they have come stained with the sweat of hon-
est industry and laborious enterprise. There is
one of the sections of this hill wnich is reported,
(he did not sneak disrespeotfullv of the committee
who reported the hill—the Commitlec on Com-
merce,) which proposed to appropriate, "for the
purchase of the residue of the stock held by indi-
vidual stockholders in the Louisville and Portland
Canal Company, such sum <w may be neckss \ky-,"
it maybe one million; it maybe nro; it may be
fifty; it may be five hundred millions—provided
flte President can contiact with these stockjobbers
and individual plunderers, who are lying in wait
at all the commercial points throughout our vast
republic, to take advantage of the laboring classes.
[ protest against any action upon this bill, for this,
| if for no other reason. No member of this House,
i no member of this committee, knows the. amount
! of money to be taken from the treasury of the
1 United States to perfect and complete the contem-
! plated object of tins bill. It is nflagi-ant and stu-
' pendens outrage, in my opinion. (By-the-by, I
' contemplate, at the erulicst period, introducing a
; bill oiuno ]t;o acrcs of land to all the laboring
1 classes—lujruls of families, widows or males—if
i they will cultivate it.) .And. as carrying out the
i idea of duty to God, our fellows, and our coun-
tiy, this concern should not pass. And if any
j man upon this iloor can give his consent to this
j blank appropriation, * * * This bill
: would run round the globe. It was longer than
i "Long John*' "Wkn'tworth himself.
. He protested ngainst action being had; and he
J appealed to the IIousc, on the principles of com-
i mon sense, common justice, common right, and
| he invoked them to have mercy upon a common
| constituency—that they would not rob and plun-
; der us for fortifications on Lake Michigan, or any
1 other lake, that is as long as the original John
i himself.
I give it up, sir.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. iVlcCoNNEu., and it was rejected.
Mr. RHETT inquired of the Chair whether this
bill was debatable at any stage on an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN's reply could not be heard.
Mr. RHETT suggested that the usual way had
been I o move to strike out the enacting clause of the
lull, and then to debate its merits. Me was not
prepared to-day (by reason of indisposition) to say
, anything on the subject, but he should probably be
i able to do so to-morrow: and, m the meantime, if
; any gentleman desired to take the floor, he (Mr.
i R.) wouid yield it.
| Some conversation followed, the Chairman
; storing that a motion to strike out the enacting
; clansc of the. bill would not now be in order,
j Mr. RHETT said, he wished to say to his west-
1 em friends, to gentlemen in favor of this bill, that
j he hoped they would assign some good reason why
. it should pass.
| The CHAIRMAN was understood to say,
(though the committee was in such a state of co'n-
' fusion as to render hearing a very difficult matter)
'■ that the gentleman must submit some motion be-
fore proceeding with any remarks.
Mr. RHETT said that, in order that the debate
might be opened, he would move to strike out all
after the enacting clause, for the purpose of bring-
ing the flatter before the committee, and of thus
enabling gentlemen to discuss the merits of the
bill.
I Mr. R. then called attention to the item of appro-
■ priation for the purchase of the residue of the
' stock held by individual stockholders in the Lou-
j isville and Portland Canal Company: and an inter-
j estuig conversation as to the value of that stock,
and the amount that was required for its purchase,
i followed, in which Messrs. RHETT, WENT-
' WORTH, and TIBBATTS, participated.
Mr. R. called upon those associated with him
in the Democratic party to have the generosity to
allow those who still followed the ancient land-
marks, as they existed in the days of Jefferson,
Madison, and Jackson, to express their views be-
fore the question on the hill was taken. If there
was any member here who could satisfy any con-
scientious mind that this bill ought to pass, he
would be a very extraordinary man.
Mr. THOMASSON wished to see the landmarks
to which the gentleman had alluded drawn tight,
that members might toe the mark. Mr. T, ■under-
stood that, even under the Administrations to which
the gentleman had referred, all those works which
were considered national in their character had been
subjects of care, and of appropriation too, on the
part of each and every one of those Administra-
tions.
Mr. T. gave some facts in relation to the value
and condition of the stock of the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company.
Lot gentlemen say that it was Democratic to
withhold all appropriations for these great Western
rivers—let them say that it was pure Whigery to
make them—and they would find rathera stale and
barren account of Representatives from the valley
of the west in the next Congress. He wished the
question made plainly and distinctly, and he, for
one, was willing to abide the result. He ad-
mitted that the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. KhettJ had acted consistently, and that he
did stand on the true party ground, as he under-
stood the party doctrine; and he (Mr. T.) wanted
that gentleman to require of his friends to vote.that
doctrine, so that the people of the West should no
longer have one doctrine preached to them, and
another practised upon them.
Mr. CP. O'/JEI! moved to amend the bill in the
97th and 98th lines, by adding the following words:
" For the continuation of the canal around the
Muscle Shoals in the Tennessee river, and remov-
ing obstructions in Raid river, above said shoal,
$250,000, to be expended under the direction of the
War Department."
Mr. C. sustained this proposition at considerable
lengtlu Disclaiming any offensive intention to-
wards the committee who reported it, ho thought
the bill did great injustice to the several sections of
the Union, and that nothing like a comprehensive
or statesmanlike view of the subject hadheen taken
of it. He examined the construction of the com-
mittee, in connexion with the provisions of the bill,
to show the partial and exclusive character of the
latter. He adverted to the history of this object of
appropriation, and in so doing alluded to a former
donation of 400,000 acres to the State of Alabama
for this purpose, contending that that fund had been
so applied as to fail to accomplish the object for
which it was intended.
This called up, in repeated explanations, Messrs.
McCONNELL, G. S. HOUSTON, and CHAP-
MAN.
Mr. CROZIER replied to an objection which
might be urged against the amendment—the
pro liability that it might bring down a veto on
the bill. So far from it, he contended that it
would be a means of bolstering up many weaker
objects of appropriation. He proceeded to argue
the importance of the canal, as a national work,
as a link of intercommunication, and to demon-
strate its agency in drawing- more closely the
bands of the Union. The bill made large appro-
priations for the lakes, and some appropriations,it
was true, for western rivers. Amongst the latter,
however, were those rivers only which emptied di-
rectly into the Mississippi. Hence it might be as-
sumed that Congress had power to make appropri-
ations for the removal of obstructions in sueh west-
ern rivers only as might empty into the Mississip-
pi. If any gentleman entertained such an idea,
Mr. C. thought a closer investigation of the sub-
ject would induce him to abandon it. Such an idea
could not be regarded as the conception of the judg-
ment, but as the mere offspring of a lean and hun-
gry fancy. If the Committee on Commerce had
desired to report a bill which would be satisfactory
to the House and to the Executive, it was their
duty to have looked over the entire length and
breadth of the land, and to make appropriations
for the works in each one of the States of the
Union. Not having done this, he thought they
had fallen short of the discharge of their duty.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN, in relation to remarks
mads by Mr. McCosnell, and other gentlemen,
