3840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
entered into an explanation in defence of his State
against the charges made upon her, and in main-
tenance (by a detailed statement of the facts in the
case) of the position that the 400,000 acres of land
appropriated by the General Government to the
State of Alabama, in 1828, as a trust fund for the
improvement of the Muscle Shoals, had been faith-
fully and judiciously applied, (although it had failed
fully to accomplish the object of the appropria-
tion,) and also in vindicatian of the President of
the United States for the vote then given by him in
favor of that appropriation.
In reference to the amendment under consid-
eration, Mr. C. said he concurred with the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Crozier,] that that
noble river, stretching through the States of Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Alabama, and running into
Georgia, North Carolina, and Virginia, was as
important as any among all the objects of appro-
priation contained in this bill, and he should vote
for this amendment. He had last year been asked
by a gentleman from Kentucky, when he had of-
fered a similar amendment, whether, if the amend-
ment were adopted, he would vote for the bill.
The main question of the bill was not now under
consideration. When that came up, he would
take occasion, if he said anything-, to say (and lie
would do as he said) whether he should vote for
this bill. He chose not to gratify the gentleman
by answering this question now, lest it should influ-
ence his vote upon the amendment, which, if it
prevailed, he wished to prevail on its own merits-,
and lest it should give any countenance to thai
system of log-rollng which he totally detested.
In the course of his remarks, Mr. O. gave way,
for purposes of inquiry and explanation, to Mr.
Wentivorth and Mr. Crozier.
Mr. McCO-NNELL made a brief rejoinder, in
which he repeated the declarations he had made
relative to the manner in which this appropriation
was expended, and again declared most emphati-
cally, disclaiming any disrespect to the committee
from whom it emanated, that this bill, from the be-
ginning of Genesis to the terminus of Revelation,
was the most indiscriminate bundle of plunder,
robbery, log-rolling—disgraceful to American le-
gislation—that had ever been piesented to this
House. If James K. Polk (he said) was the man
contemplated and anticipated by the laboring class-
es throughout this mighty Republic, in case this bill
passed, lie would most especially come the John Ty-
ler over it. In the name of his constituency,he pro-
tested against such a system of legislation-, and al-
though he seldom consumed the time of the House,
he so taught and indoctrinated his constituents,
that they would not have a representative here who
would be guilty of such an act of baseness as to
vote for this hill.
Mr, SCHENCK should vote for the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee; and he was
none the less induced to go for it because it was
not incorporated in the bill as presented to this
House from the committee.
He was proceeding to speak of the vagueness of
the term "inland seas," as used by the President
in his Message; when
Mr. CROZIER interposed with the remark, that
that term originated at the Memphis convention,
where it was used to indicate the Mississippi, Ar-
kansas, Red, Ohio, and Tennessee rivers. The
President, he presumed, intended to apply it to
these rivers.
Mr. SCHENCK, resuming, said that the Com-
mittee on Commerce, this House, and the Congress
of the United States, were now for tlio first time
placed in the unpleasant position of being compel-
led to legislate upon a subject of this kind, with-
out any light, information, suggestion of a wish, or
reference to'this public policy on the part of the
President of the United States. If anything was
to be gathered upon it from any communication
from the departments of the Government, it was
entirely unsanctioned by any recommendations
from the Executive.
Mr. WENT WORTH (Mr. S. yielding for ex-
planation) said he took it for granted that the
President of the United States would allow no
member of his Cabinet to send a recommendation
to this House which he did not approve of. Gov-
ernor Marcy recommended all these works; and
if Mr. Polk did not approve of this recommenda-
tion, let him turn him out of his Cabinet.
Mr. SCHENCK understood perfectly well
where the shoe pinched. We had improvement
and non-improvement Democrats; and it was ne- '
cessary that there should be a recommendation I
from the Secretary of War to bolster up the first |
set, and the President not be involved m it, j
He was further repeating his views of the Mes- [
sage, when— i
Mr. WENTWORTH, with Mr. S.'s leave, i
sent to the Clerk, by whom it was read, the fol-
lowing:
" I refer you to the accompanying report of the
( Secretary of War for information respecting the
4 present situation of the army, and its operations
' during the past year, the state of our defences,
(the condition of the public works, and our rela-
i tions with the various Indian tribes within our i
4 limits, or upon our borders. I invite your utten-
' tion to the suggestions contained in that report
4 in relation to these prominent objects of national
* interest." I
Mr. SCHENCK read other extracts in conncx- I
ion with that, to sustain his position that there j
was no recommendation, not even an allusion, in j
any part of the Message, to the necessity of any ;
action on the part of Congress to meet the just 1
expectations of the country. I
Mr. WEN T WORTH asked the gentleman to j
take the latter part of the Message. We found I
there a high and very deserved eulogy upon Gen- i
eral jackson. Now, if the gentleman would turn
to most of the woiks provided for in this bill, he
would find that, they had been signed, endorsed,
and approved by General Jackson: and if he would :
point to o man on this lloor so ultra in his opposi-
tion to them, and then refer to General Jackson's
Administration, he would find that he was an op-
ponent of that Administration.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. They learned now
(he said) lhat whatever democracy was claimed by
the President of (he United States came not in the
natural way, inn by inoculation from General
Jackson. Jl a eulogy upon General Jackson was
an cmloiyenient of all that, General Jackson had
done, other gentlemen would fmd themselves in-
volved in <*  dilemma when they reteired to his
Mews in regard to a protective lurid', the distnbu-
tiuii of tin- public laiuh, the force bill, and in rela-
tion to a United States Bank, when he said that if
applied to he eoold piesent a plan ol a bank lice
from constitutional objection.
Mr. S. proceeded further to advocate the policy
of internal improvements; and he called on the de-
mocracy of the noitliwest, if they were really m
favor of them, and not alone of improvements at
their own door-sills, to take his view, and go not
alone, for the impiovement of the Ohio, the Mis-
sissippi, or of the northwest, but whatever else
was found in any other quarter of the Union that
is of a national character, n!h cting general inter-
ests, spread abroad o\cr a wide section of country;
for those links in the chain of improvements which
bound more effectually together, and suen«thencd
and cemented the Union, in which all rejoice, winch
system had been called the " American system."
Mr. S. having concluded,
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. RA Til BUN moved a reconsideration of
certain votes; [the object of the motion was not
heard by the reporter, nor was the entry found on
the Journal; but the titles of the bills will be stated
to-niorrow.]
The SPEAKER laid befoic the House sundry
communications, viz:
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmu-
ting a statement prepared in obedience to the reso-
lution of the House of the 16th instant, showing
how often the public mail on the Cumberland road
has been interrupted by the, impassable condition
of the Ohio river at Wheeling since the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1840; which letter and statement were laid
upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a report in relation to the ships New York
ancrSt. Lawrence, in obedience to the resolution of
the House of the 17th February, 3846; which let-
ter and report were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the i6th instant, a
report, showing at what rate per annum the ex-
penses of the post office in this city have been in-
creased in consequence of keeping an account of
the free mailable matter received at said office, what
increase in the number of cletks m said office since
the appointment of the present postmaster, and the
| increase in the expenses of said office since the ap~
i pointment of the present postmaster; also, why the
! evening mail of members of the House is not now
| delivered at as early an hour as at former sessions;
| which letter and report were laid upon the table,
i A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
i in obedience to the resolution of the House of the
lGth instant, certified copies of the papers on file
in the Pension Office in the case of Freelove Waid,
widow of Increase Waid; which letter and copies
were laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, m pursuance of the resolution of the
"House of the 6th instant, certified copies of the
! papers relative to the claim of Zenas King, for
i services rendered to the Government^ which letter
! and copies were laid upon the table.
j A letter from the Commissioner of Patents trans-
I mitting his annual report of the operations of the
! Patent Office for the year 3843; which letter and
report weic referred to the Committee on Patents.
And then the Rouse adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and refericd to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. BRINKKRHOFF: The petition of A. H. Patter-
son, of Delaware, Ohio, praying compensation foi mail
ha<^ manufactured for the u>e of the Post Ollice Department
of the United States- retem <i to the Committee of Claims..
The petition of 01 citi/.em of Pj_\ mouth, and 109 citizens of
Momoeviile, Ohio, piaying the establishment of a naval de-
pot at Sandusky city, 011 Lake Erie- lefeired to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Uy Mi. \V. m;XT: The petition of S\lve«terP. Clarke,
and ItiJ eiti/-en> of Nki'mim county, New York, praying
Con«;re to aholi-li eapit.d punishment in all cases anting
undei (lie laws ot the Cmt< d State-*.
Hy Mr KC VWMOV: The petition of heirs of Joshua
Ti.'i'ton. for commutation pa\ . reicrted to the Committee
on Revolutionary ( hums.
liv Mr. CATllCAHT: The memorial of E M Chamber-
lain, and 1?(> other citi/.eiH of Indiana, asking Congress to
make a arrant of public land to aid ni the cori-uuction ofthe
Butialo and Vhs-*j*Mppi i.nlro.td . reicrred to the Committee
on Roads :md Canals
1)\ Mi. BROCKi:\T.ROr<;n • The memorial and docu-
ments ot John I? Chapman, of Jack-on county, Florida,
pr.u m<r compensation tiom the unexpended balance of the
appropi laiion f<  unpnn mi: l he Choctaw hatehee river, and
Holmes's creek, in Honda, tor lo-ses inclined and sei vices
performed hejond the amount ol his contiactfoi improving
the Choctawhatchee and Holmes's creek. The petition
of James M. Loii< , of Washington county, Florida, praying
that «aid unexpended balance of said appropiiatiori be ap-
plied to the improvement of Holmes'-* creek, in said county:
referred to the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 25, 1846.
The Journal having hrpn partly read,
Mr. SPEIGHT moved th.it the further reading
he suspended; which motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the
annual report of the Commissioner of Patents;
which, on motion of
Mr. CAMERON, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Officc.
Mr. COR WIN presented the petition of Samuel
Lammo, executor of Nathan Lamme, deceased, an
officer in tlio revolutionary army, praying to be al-
lowed his commutation pay: which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Air. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Bimcioft Woodcock, in relation to his patent for a
plough; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Joel
Tetum and sixty-nine others, citizens of Arkan-
sas, prayinsr the establishment of a post-route from
Eldorado, Union county, via William Chapman's
store, Union county, "William F. Bond's store,
Union Parish, Louisiana, and Ouachita city, to
Monroe, in Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. A. also presented the petition of citizens of
Arkansas, praying that the compensation paid to
surveyors of the public land may be increased pro-
portionally to the difficulties of making the sur-
veys ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Land5*.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of Onon-
daga county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain treaties made with the Seneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
