424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
commercial city without injuring herself as much
as she injures us. If she commit acts of rapine,
she sees that she will herself be a sufferer.
It is said that it is a remote territory, and there-
fore the less valuable. Science has annihilated both
time and space, as it regards this continent at least.
The loute to Oregon, when travelled by steam, as
it will be at no distant day, will bring that territory
nearer to us in point of time than some parts of
the United States were some few years since.
What was formerly regarded by superstition as
the messenger of Heaven's vengeance, conveys
now as well the tones of affection ns the cold trans-
actions of business. Everything conspires to show
tis that in this Government our remotest posts are
the most to be relied 011 to sustain and uphold the
Government: not as in the case of a central Gov-
ernment; not as in the case of Great Britain, where
great power consists ill concentration, and the more
she extends the more she is weakened, because
governed by a central power: not so in a Govern-
ment where the executive power is the sovereignty
of the people, and not its master. Where the sov-
ereign power rests with the people, there every ex-
tension gives strength and durability. But within
one of the South American republics, the Argen-
gentme confederation, we see two of these great
Powers, who have for centuries battled against
each other, now undertaking to regulate what they
call the balance of power—enteringmto an arrange-
ment by which they are to regulate the affairs of a
republic with which they are in no way concerned.
It is a part of the same spirit which led them to in-
terpose in the case of Texas annexation; a part of
the same spirit by which they wish to circumscribe
our boundaries upon the northwest enatt. It is a
matter which might as well he met first as last;
and, when met, met with firmness, for it is our
duty not only to assert our rights, but to maintain
them.
Great Britain, we arc told, is a great and power-
ful nation. She certainly is all that; but, sir, is
that any reason why we ahould yield what does
not belong to her"' It is no leas'on, and .should 1
never be advanced as an argument. It would be
as unjust, more so, to go to war with a feeble !
Power, whateier might be the eauscs fur Mar.
She lias great power; she is a great Government:
but it is not always the greatest Government that
gives evidence of the greatest strength. She has i
soldiers within the artie snows, and she has sol- !
diers beneath the burning sun of the equator, but j
that is no reason why she is strong. A profuse I
expenditure is no evidence of substantial wealth: !
nor is there reason to suppose, because she has !
armies in every quarter of the globe, that she is so I
much to be dreaded as some gentlemen would j
have us believe. Nor do [ see any reason to de-
preciate her power. She has been mighty for i
ages. She exerted her power in 1776 against this i
country; and again in 1812. Ts she stronger now j
than then? She has to maintain her possessions : '
she has been constantly increasing her naval and
military force, but there has been "fin increased de-
mand equal to the supply. Should it be our policy
to yield because she is increasing her force : Cer-
tainly not. When she tenders the olive branch,
and proposes peace to us, we should be ready to
accept it; and when she arms let us arm also, and
place our country in a situation to be defendrd. ;
Sir, she understands all tins. She is not to be
deceived by any expressions made use of in Con-
gress or elsewhere. Her great strength lies in a
power centered m her Ministers: it consists in her
diplomacy. She knows well the strong sympathy
that our commercial interests have with hers. She
knows that her commercial, and, in short, all her
interests, are opposed to a war. tihe knows that
her commercial interests would be virtually de-
stroyed by it, and she knows that such interests
will use their influence to prevent a war; and hence
it is that, after having talked of war, and threaten-
ed, she generally waits and allows her diplomacy
to conquer. Sir, it is thirty years since she turn-
ed her guns against us, and I hope it will be thirty
years longer before she will again, because, as a
Christian nation, none of us ought to desire war.
But our rights must be maintained; and if the main-
tenance of those rights produce y/ar. we must re-
gard it as our destiny. But, while we consider the
greatness and the power of the British Govern- j
ment, have we no resources ? Are we a weak and
penurious Government ? I trust not. I am against j
war; I hope we shall have none; but in case it be- '■
comes necessary to defend our possessions, have
we not the power ? Look upon the great lakes,
nn(\ from thence to the Rio del Nnrtc. Go into the
fertile prairies of the West, and from thence to the
kt- Johns, and see twenty millions of people free
and happy; no standing armies to consume the sub-
stance of the Government; no hired soldiers to
stand over industry, and wrench from it its earn-
ings. But, sir, you see millions of men and mil-
lions of arms, millions of swords ready to leap
from their scabbards at a moment's warning, to
defend the interests and honor of the country—
literally, sir, a great standing army; every man
armed and equipped by himself; not a hireling,
hut ready to fight for his own fireside and his altar:
and millions of fair hands, like the mothers and
daughters of the Revolution, ready to feed, and
clothe, and to hind up, if need be, the lacerated
bosom of the soldier.
I ain not willing that the-territory, or any part
of it, shall lie retained against, rights which are
clear and well defined, and which have been ac-
knowledged by the world. But when the. assertion
has been made that Oregon—the whole of Oregon—
is ours; and when it has been declared by an emi-
nent statesman of our own that Great Britain has
not even n "color of claim" to it; considering, too,
whence it is we have derived our rights to it,—shall
we not lament, and lament bitterly, over our loss,
if Oregon shall he finally lost through our neglect?
But then it will be too late; and the country may
reproach our vain lamentations, in the language of
the Moorish mother of Boabdil, when heliad lost
Grenada: "Thou weepest like a woman over that
which thou daredst not defend like a man."
But 1 view this whole question as not a mere
struggle for Oregon. No, sir: it is something far
higher, far greater than a strife about a distant ter-
ritory on the shores of the Pacific. It is a ques-
tion between two great systems; between mon-
archy and republicanism', between the Old World
and the New; between the hereditary darkness of
the Old World and the radiant sunlight of the
New: between the miners mid manufacturers of
Europe and the fertile, prairies of western America.
Prom the commencement of the world there had
been an effort on the part of some men to lord it,
over their fellows by Divine commission. From
this spirit, and the conduct, that grew out of it,
most of the wars in the world have had their origin.
Hence, the inquisition had sprung up; this had
moved its racks and kindled its fagots, till streams
of human blood flowed round its polluted altar. It
was in this same, spirit that the desire hud its origin
which claimed without a title vast legions in the
north, with a \iew to restrain the progress of free-
dom. This it was which caused an inhospitable
coast on the northern seas to be held as an object
of such importance to the monarchies of the Old
World. Great Britain did not want this territory.
It was said that we could not need it, because we
had already territory enough without this addition;
but might not the same be said of that wide-spread
and still grasping empire? It was urged that \vc
had more territory already than we could defend:
but was not this equally true of her > Oregon to
us was an adjacent and a valuable territory; to her
it was but a far distant place of Indian trade. Mr.
I). snid he would preserve it for the adventurous
young who weie fast pressing into it to achieve a
hom>  and a substance; be would keep it for aged
penury which might there find shelter and filial
protection. He would gladly see the principles and
laws of our own fiee Government spreading into
these virgin realms of nature, to fertilize and bless
them with all that made us happy. He would
k'-ep it as a rich reward for the energy and enter-
prise of our hardy frontier men. But he wanted
Oregon for another purpose also: he wanted it for
the down-trodden and the oppiessed from the Old
World, who might here throw off their chains, and
sit down under their own vine and their own fig-
tree, with none to make them afraid. He wanted
it especially for the down-trodden sons of Ireland,
and for England too, when that destined hour
should come, when, like the sea, she should give
up her living dead.
Mr. D. would close by saying, that while he
would use every honorable effort to prevent war,
yet, if this territory of Oregon was clearly ours,
as he believed it was, our right to it must be main-
tained and defended. Better fight for the first foot
than for the last: for the doorsill than for the
hearthstone ; for the hearth than for the altar.
Mr. DAYTON moved that the further considera-
tion of this subject be deferred till next Monday
fortnight. He thought there was no necessity of
deciding on it now; it had already engrossed the
attention of the Senate for a considerable time, to
the exclusion of almost all other business. On the
table and oil the calendar there were some , sixty
bills and resolutions waiting the action of this body;
while in the committees it was understood that
much business was pressing for attention.
Mr, D. was free to confess that his own feelings
had been strongly operated upon by the recent in-
telligence received from England, the tone of which
was seemingly so very friendly and pacific; and he
could not see what necessity there was for so great a
hurry iu pressing this question to a decision at this
moment. The news appeared to him as apparently
evincing a quiet, peaceable spirit on the part of the
British Government and people, and he felt dis-
posed to meet it in the same tone of mind; and
there was no better mode of showing this than by
proving that we were actuated by no such hot haste,
no such rampant zeal, as would push us on to- an
instant decision of questions so grave and impor-
tant as those now before the Senate. He would
add, as a further reason for the postponement, that
it would comport, as he understood, with the views
of individual members of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN said he should be constrained to
vote against the motion. It had been the practice
of this body, and certainly a very worthy one, to
accommodate each other by the postponement for
a day, or sometimes even forseveral days, of a sub-
ject under consideration, wheu any member desired
it in order to complete his preparations for address-
ing the body; and so for the practice had promo-
ted the enlightened discussion of important public
measures, as well as that mutual courtesy which
so eminently characterized the deportment and
proceedings of the Senate; and Mr. A. certainly
had no objection to a brief postponement of the
present discussion if any Senator would say that
he was inclined to speak, but wished a day or two
days' delay, with a view to complete his prepara-
tions for doing so ; and he should make no opposi-
tion to having the subject passed by informally for
sucll a purpose.
But that was not the ground on which the Sen-
ator from New Jersey proposed so remote a post-
ponement of the debate as to two weeks from Mon-
day next. The Senator desired this avowedly as
a matter of general policy. He had reminded the
Senate that there were other matters on its table
waiting for action, (which was very true,) and had
thought that it would be wise in the Senate not to
appear in hot haste to come to a decision on the
pending question.
Mr. A. did not think that the haste had been
great, much less hot. No part of the action of
this Government was unanticipated on the other
side of the water. They have now had the Mes-
sage from the President for two months before
them, recommending the adoption of certain meas-
ures which he deemed proper in the existing pos-
ture of our affairs. So far as the legislation of
Congress was concerned, they have had an oppor-
tunity of observing that the line of policy recom-
mended in the President's Message, has proved the
basis of all our discussions, and there was nothing
m the state of the question, in view of the effect
intended by it, to justify the motion which had
just been made.
As to the news from England, of which they
had heard so much, Mr. A. must be allowed to
say that he differed greatly from the impressions
of some gentlemen, and this he thought would ap-
pear when it came to be more closely examined.
He did not think that the public expressions of
opinion on the floor of the two Houses of the Brit-
ish Parliament, especially those proceeding from
Cabinet Ministers, and much less the language
and tone of the public journals, afforded any proof
at all of what were the real designs of the British
Government. That sagacious Government would
be the last on earth to tell the whole world what
it designed to do before it was prepared to do it.
All that sort of intelligence, drawn from sources
without the walls of Parliament, and drawn from -
! the language of the public prints, ftirnish no evi-
i dence whatever of'the designs of the British Cabi-.
1 net. No stress at all ought to be laid on this sort
J of news, and no importance whatever attached to
I it. If it was worthy of any regard at all, the infer-
.' encs to be drawn from it would be this: that pur-
