1B46.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Mr. T. B. KING, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to amend an act entitled An
act to reorganize the Navy Department, approved
August 31,1845; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. COCKE, from'the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of Ma-
ior P. H. Porter, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. C., from the same committee, made a report
upon the petition of Zachariah Simmons, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
twice and committed. .
On motion of Mr. C.,
Ordered, That the game committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petitions of William
Kin?, Thomas Rowland, Leonard Ward well, John
Brady, and James Bambaugh, and that they be laid
upon the table.
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports upon the cases of James Parker and
James Lloyd; which reports were laid upon the
table.
Mr. B.,from the same committee, made a report
upon the case of James Lee, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. J. H. EWING, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made a report upon the petition
of the heirs of Sergoant-IVlnjor John Chnmpe, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the commencement of
fortifications at New Bedford, Massachusetts, ac-
companied by a report in writing; which bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Samuel M. Hughes; which report was laid upon
the table.
Mr. BRINKERT-JOFF, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made a report upon the memorial
of William F. Ketchum, and reported a joint reso-
lution in relation to his hand-grenade; which reso-
lution was read twice, and committed.
Mr. HUNTER, by leave, presented a memorial
of a committee of citizens of Alexandria, m the
District of Columbia, praying a retrocession of the
county of Alexandira to the State of Virginia;
which was committed to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. PAYNE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to repeal the net
requiring one of the judges of the circuit court for
the District of Columbia hereafter to reside in
Alexandria; which bill was read twice, and or- i
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
the bill being engrossed, was read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Lemuel Cushman, heir of Hannah
Cushman, nnd that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of Daniel Spencer, of Luke Hilton, of
Jonathan Scott, of Hiram Humphreys, of Charles
Sumpsion, of Henrietta M. Hall, and representa-
tives of Richard Hall, and of Jonathan Hall;
which reports were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be. dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Thomas Scott, the Register of the land office at 1
Chilicothe, and that it be referred to the commit-
tee on Public Lands
On motion of Mr. DANIEL,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial
of Samuel Reed, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Private Land- Claims.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of James
Wood, John Felt, Henry Adams, and Catharine
Adams, representatives of Francis Lock and
George Parsons, which report was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOGE, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of James Mc-
Cuchen; which report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the memorial of
the legal representatives of Thomas Murray, jr.,
of Arkansas, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of the heirs of Judith Worthen, and
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made a report upon the petition of
Lewis Hastings, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which bill was read twice, and committed.
Mr. G., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of David Mores and
Henry Sliver; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. G., from the same committee, reported bills
of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of William Pooler;
A bill for the relief of Gideon A. Perry;
A bill providing for the payment of arrearages
of pensions to Anthony Walton Bayard; accom-
panied by a report m each cabe; which bills were
read twice, and committed.
Mr. SEDDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports upon the petitions
of Benjamin Holland, and of Thomas Reed; which
reports were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. YELL,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be. disehaiged from the consideration of the resolu-
tion of the [louse of December 4th, 1S-15, instruct-
ing them to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a national armory at Columbus, Geoi^ui,
and from the consideration of the resnlution of the
House of January 1 'i, l^Iti, rehuive to a muional
foundry in the western pnrt of NY>rth Carolina, and
from the consideration of the resolution of the
Mouse of Kith of February, 1816, relathe to a na-
tional foundry at the falls of Cumbeihmd, in the
State of Kentucky, and from the consideration of
the. memorial of H. ISIuirbart, of Berks county, in
the, State of Pennsylvania, proposing a plan of na-
tional defence; which were laid upon the table. !
[A message was receded from the Senate by |
A. Dickens, Rsq., their Secretary, mfonmni; the
House that the Senate had passed a irsolution en-
titled '* A resolution to authorize the transmission
and presentation of books to the Minister of Jus-
tice of France in exchange for books received from
him."]
ItULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. T. E. HOLMES, from the Select Committee
oh Rules, to winch was referred, on the 27th De-
cember last, the following proposed amendment to
the rules ami orders of the House—viz:
" That upon the engrossment of any bill making
appropriations of money for works of internal im-
provement of any kind or description, it shall be
in the power of any member to call for a division
of the question, so as to take a separate vole of the
House, upon each item of improvement or appro- j
priation contained in suit! bill, or upon such items i
separately, and others collectively, as the member !
making tlie call may specify; and if one-fifth of
the members present second said call, it shall be
the duty of the Speaker to make such divisions of
the question, and put them to vote, accordingly"—
Reported the same without amendment, and rec-
ommended its adoption as one of the standing rules
of this IIot.se.
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the whole subject
be laid on the (able.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
wore ordered.
Some desultory conversation followed, in which
Messrs. SCHENCK, EDWIN H. EWING, and
ISAAC E. HOLMES, participated.
The question was then taken, and the vote re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Bell, Bowlin, Brinker-
hoff, Wm. G. Brown, Buffington, J. H.Campbell,
Carroll, J. G. Chapman, Chipman, Cranston, Cro-
zier, Darmgh, Douglass, J. H. Ewing, E. H.
Ewing, Famn, Giddines, Giles, Harper, Herrick,
Elias B. Holmes, J. W. Houston, Hudson, W.
Hunt, J. B. Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Jenkins, D. P. Kins:, Leib, Lewis, Long:,
McClelland, McGaughev, McHenry, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Moseley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck,
Seaman, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, St. John, Strohm, Thibo-
deaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Toombs, Trum-
bo, Vinton, Wentworth, White,Winthrop, Wood-
ruff, Wright, and Young—69.
NAYS—Messrs. John Qiiiney Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Baker, Benton, James Black,
James A. Black, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Brod-
head, Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
Cocke, Collamer, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dil-
lingham, Dobbin, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman,
Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley,Ilil-
liard, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hough, George S.
Houston, E. W. Hubard, Hungerford, Hunter,
James II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W.Jones, Lawrence, La Sere,
Ligon, McClean, MeClemand, McConnell, Mc-
Crate, McKay, Barclay Martin, Morns, Morse,
Moulton, Morris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill,
Perry, Price, Ileid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, John A.
Rockwell, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon,
Seddon, Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Leonaid
T-T. Sims, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Sykes, Wick,
William*, Wood, Woodworth, Yanccy, Yell, and
Yost—-94.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand fur
the previous questou—
Sonic conversation followed between Mr
WENTWORTH and Mr. BOYD, the latter gen-
tleman declining to withdraw the demand for the
previous question
And some conversation also followed on a point
of oidcr. between Mr. WINTHROP and the
SPEAKER, Mr. W. contending that, under the
rule, one dav's notice of this proposition was le-
quirnl.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution of
instruction, under which the select committee on
the tides had nr-ted, was equivalent to a notice.
Mr. WINTHROP, though not acquiescing, he
said, in the decision, did not appeal from u.
Mr. MoCLELLAND inquired of the Speaker,
whether a vote of two-thirds would be required on
the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER said no; the vote of a majority
only.
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, by general consent,
changed his vote on the motion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, lie having voted in the affirma-
tive under a misapprehension olr the question. He
now voted in the negathe.]
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and the vote stood—ayes 86,
noes 72.
So there was a second.
And on the question of ordering the main ques-
tion, Mr. TIBBATTS and Mr. VINTON asked
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and, be-
inir J'lken, resulted as fallows;
YEAS—Mck<ur. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, ljarr'mgcv, Bedinger, Benton, James
Black, James A. Black, Boyd, Brockenbrough,
William G. Brown, Burt, Augustus A. Chapman,
Ronhen Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cocke, Collin,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jeffer-
son Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dun-
lap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Fickhn,
Foster, Gentry, Giles, Gordon, Graham, Grover,
Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge,
Isaac E. Holmes, George S. Houston, Edmund
W. Hubard, Hungerford, Hunter, James H.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
W. Jones,Thomas B. Kin?, Lawrence, Lealce, La
Sere, Ligon, McClean, McClernand, McConnell,
MoCmfe, McKay, Barclay Martin, Morse, Moul-
ton, Norris, Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill, Perry,
Phelps, Price, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Sykes, Toombs,
Wick, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodward,
Woodworth, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—98.
NAYS—Messrs. John Gluincy Adams, Arnold,
Baker, Bell, Bowlin, Brinkevhoff, Milton Brown,
Buffington, William W. Campbell, John H. Camp-
bell, Carroll, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Chip-
man, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Darrngh, Gar-
rett Davis, Douglass, Jonn H. Ewing, Edwin H.
Ewing, Foot, Giddings, Goodyear, Harper, Her-
rick, Hilhard, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Hous-
