428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
ton, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingeisoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis, Long, McClelland,
McGraughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Moseley, Pendleton, Pollock, Rathbun, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk
Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Al-
bert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, St. John, Strohm,
Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson'
James Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Trumbo'
Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, White, Winthrop!
Wright, and Young—75.
So the House decided that the main question
should now be taken.
"Which main question was 011 concurring in the
report of the committee.
Mr. T fBBATTS inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er the mornins: hour had now expired.
The fePKAKER said it had expired.
Mr. TIBBATTS was understood to indicate a
motion to £0 into committee.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not now
in order.
Mr. TIBBATTS made the point of order. He
said that certain hours had been designated by the
rules for certain business; and he submitted that to
proceed with the consideration of any particular
business beyond the hour specified by the rule,
would require a vote of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER, replying, turned to Mr. T.,
and his voice was partly lost to the reporter. But
the Speaker was understood to decide that, inas-
much as the House had determined that the main
question should now be taken, neither a motion (0
go into committee nor for any other purpose, would j
now be in order.
TIBBATTS did not appeal.
So the question recurred un concurring in the
report of the committee.
Mr. TIBBATTS and Mr. WHITE a«kcd the
yeas and nays, which were ordered; and, being
takeo, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Bainnger, Bedm^er, Bell, Benton,.Tas.
Black, James A. Black, Boyd, Broekcnbrou<?h,
Milton Brown, Wm. G. Brown, Burt, Cathcurt.
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chdpman, Chase,
f'lcuke, CuUin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, De Mott,
Dillinghnm, Dobbin, Dunlap, Edsall, Eidman,
Faran, Eicklin, Fried, Garvin, Gentry, Goodycnr,
Gordon, Graham, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson,
Harmanson, Henley, Milliard, J-foge, Isaac E.
Holmes, Hough, George S. Houston, Edmund W.
Hubard, Uungerford, Hunter, Charles J. Inger-
soll, James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
"W. Jones, Preston King, Thomas Butler King,
Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, McClean, Mc-
Cleriicuid, McConnell, McCrate, McKay, Barclay
Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Norris, Owen,
Pariah, Payne, Perry, Price, Rcid, RJiett, Hitter,
Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, 1
Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, j
Simpson, Robert Smith. Stanton, Sykes, Tihbatts, ]
Toombs, Towns, Whcaton, Wick, "Williams, 1
Wood, Woodruff, "Woodward, Woodworth, Yan- j
cey, Yell, and Yost—106. |
'NAYS—Messrs. John Ctumcy Adams, Arnold,
Bakn\ Bowlin, Brodhead, Bullington, William
"W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John
Cf. Chapman, Clnpman, Cocke, Collamer, Crans-
ton, Crozier, Darragh, Delano, Dixon, Douglass, 1
John PL Ewing, Euwm H. Ewinar, Foot, Gid- 1
ding4*, Haiper, Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, Hudson, "Washington Hum, James i
B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P.
King, Lewis, Long, McClelland, McDowell, ;
McGaughevjMcHenry, Mcllvame, Marsh,Mosc- ;
ley, Perrill, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Julms '
Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, St. John, Strohm, Thibodeaux, 1
Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, JamesThomp- ;
son, Thurman, Trumbo, Vance, Yinton, Went- '
worth, White, Winthrop, Wright, and Youn<r !
—7L I
So the report of the committee was concurred in.
Mr. HOGrE moved a reconsideration of the i
vote, and demanded the previous question. j
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to apoyit of order. The j
morning hour having (he said) expired, he moved !
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the 1
whole on the state of the Union, (with a view to j
take up.the harbor bill.) j
Mr. BRODHEAD requested Mr. T. to with-
mot*on' that the House might take up
and dispose of a certain joint resolution from the
Senate, (hereafter referred to.)
The motion was not withdrawn.
The SPEAKER said that the main question
having now been taken, (i, f., on the resolution of
the committee,) the Chair thought it would he in
order, pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion, to move to go into committee. If that action
should be voted down, the House would then pro-
ceed with the business under consideration.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays on
his motion to go into committee; which were or-
dered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q,. Adams, Arnold, Ba-
ker, Bell, Bowlin, Brinkcrhofi', Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Buflington, William W. Campbell, John
H. Campbell, Carroll, Catheart, John G. Chap-
man, Chipman, Cooke, Cranston, Cro/.icr, Cun-
ningham, Darragh, T)i von, Douglass, Edsall, John
H. Kviiig, Edwin I-J. Kwinir, Faran, Foot, Gen-
try, Giddines, Giles, Goodyear, Herrick, F.has B.
Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler
King, Lewis, Long, McClelland, McDowell,Mc-
Gaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morris,
Moseley, Parish, Phelps, Pollock, Ramsey, Rath-
bun, Kelfe, Julius Rockwctl, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Sawyer, Schenck, Seaman, Truman
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, St. John,
Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman, Tib-
liatts, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth,
White, Winthrop, Woodruff, Wright, and Young
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
A tkmson, Barringcr, Benton, James Black, James
A. Black, Royd, Brockcnbrough, William G.
Brown, Burt, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Collin, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Daniel, Canett Davis, Jefferson Davis, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dunlap, Rrdman,
Fickhn, Fries, Gordon, Graham, Grover, Ham-
lin, Haralson, TIarmanson, Milliard, Hogo, Isaac
|| P,. Holmes, George 8. Houston, F.ilmund W.
|j Jlnbard, Hungerford, Hunter, Joseph R. Jnger-
I; soli, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
j! Johnson, Geo.W. Jones, Preston King,Lawrence,
Lcalce, La Sere, Ligon, McClean, McClernand,
McConnell, McCrate, McKay, Barclay Martin,
Morse, Moullon, A*orris, Owen, Payne, Perrill,
Perry, Price, Tleid, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle,
Scammon, Seddon, Severance, Alexander D.
Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Stanton, Sykcs, Toombs, Towns, Wheaton,
Wick, Willams, Wood, Woodworth, Yancey,
Yell, and Yost—88.
So the House icfused to go into committee.
Whereupon the question recurred on the demand
of Mr. IIogl for the previous question.
The vote, (having been taken by tellers) stood—
yeas 8.1, nays 19.
So there was a second.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays on or-
dering the main question, but withdrew the de-
mand.
And the main question (on the reconsideration)
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays there-
on; which were ordered.
And the question, "Will the House reconsider
the vote by which the report of the Select Com-
mittee was concurred in'" was then taken, and
decided m the negative, as follows:
YE "YS—Messrs Arnold, Baker, Bowlin, Brink-
erhoff, Brodhead, Buffington, William W. Camp-
bell, John H. Campbell,Carroll, Chipman, Cocke,
Collamer, Cranston, Crazier, Cunningham, Dar-
ragh, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Douglass, Edsall,
John TI. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot, Gen-
try, Giddmgs, Goodyear, Hampton, Harper,
Herrick, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jen-
' kins, Daniel P. King, Thos. B. Kins, Leib, Lew-
is, Long, McClelland, McDowell, McGaughey,
I McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Moseley, Perrill,
Phelps, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Julius Rock-
well, John A, Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Strohm, Thibodeaux, Thomas-
son, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
Winthrop, Wright, and
Thurman, Tibbatts,
Wentworth, White,
Young—79.
NAYS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer, Bedinger,
Bell, Benton, James Black, James A. Black,
Boyd, Brockenbrough, Milton Brown, William
G-. Brown, Burt,Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Collin, Consta-
ble, Cullom, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran,
Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Graham,
Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Henley,
Hoge, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard,
Huiigerford, Hunter, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake,
La Sere, Ligon, McClean, McClernand, Mc-
Connell, McCrate, McKay, Barclay Martin,
Morse, Moulton, Norris, Parish, Payne, Perry,
Price, Reid, Rclfe, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexander D.
Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thos. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Toombs, Towns, Whea-
ton, Wick, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
ward, Woodworth, Yancey, and Yell—96.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
Mr. VINTON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, move a further amendment of the rule, so
as to extend its operation to all bills making appro-
priations for light-houses and fortifications, and to
bills imposing duties on imports.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the joint reso-
lution from the Senate (on the Speaker's table) au-
thorizing the transmission and presentation of
books to the Minister of Justice of France, m ex-
change for books received from him, was taken up,
and put on its first and second reading.
Mr. B., remarking that the subject had already
been before the Joint Committee on the Library,
on a reference from the Senate, asked that the reso-
lution be put on its third reading. He would,
however, first ask that a letter from the Chief Jus-
tice, which would explain the whole matter, should
be read.
But a motion to that effect having been made
and agreed to, the resolution was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And then the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Tiiomas Smith, of Indiana, in the chair.)
After an ineffectual effort by Mr. BRODHEAD to
take up the joint resolution above referred to—
The committee resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday, being; the bill
making appropriations for the improvement of
certain
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
Mr. PAYNE said one of his colleagues [Mr.
McConnei.l] had yesterday characterized this bill
in very strong terms, and had condemned it very
earnestly. He thougtht that character and that
condemnation were just. Look at this bill in all
its aspects; examine it in all its details, and he
thought such a bill had never before been presented
to an American Congress. Tn the better days of
the republic, it was believed by some of the most
distinguished statesmen of the country, that this
government has no power to make appropriations
for internal improvements. He was but too sen-
sible that it would be useless for him to make a
constitutional argument upon the subject now be-
fore the House. Gentlemen's opinions were made
up; they had arrived at their own conclusions, from
interest or other considerations; and you might as
well attempt to dissolve the pillars which surround
this hall, as to attempt to change their opinions as
to the powers of this Government to make appro-
priations of this character. But even at this day
he should be glad to know where gentlemen—
where the chairman of the committee who reported
this bill—derived the constitutional power to make
such appropriations. lie supposed it was attempted
to justify it under the power of Congress to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, Mr. P. briefly
gave his views on the constitutional question, and
held that this clause simply gave the power to
j regulate the terms on which barter and intercourse
| with foreign nations should be carried on.
i He was opposed to the new doctrine started
| of late, that the great "inland seas'.' furnished
! a subject upon which they. were authorized to
1 make appropriations. The Constitution of the
