1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
timent. The motive is, I think, a very laudable
one, which suggests to gentlemen the propriety
that anything tending to the preservation of the
peace of the two countries should be communicated
with the utmost despatch. But I do not think
that it is very important that any particular vote
which we may give here should be expedited or
hastened for any such purpose. Not at all. We
are, I think, a little too much in the habit of
the Athenians, in the time of King Philip, when
the inquiry at all times was—"What is Philip
doing? ' I hope we shall treat the subject in a
spirit more worthy of ourselves—without vaunt,
ing—without prejudice or passion; that we shall
look upon it as a great question in which the
peace of the world is concerned, and in which
it is our lot to bear a great and equal part; and that
we shall act without haste, without vaunting, with-
out prejudice, without passion, in a manner"at once
just and patriotic. Then we will be sure to uct in
the right spirit, and all the world may be assured
of that. ^ Our character gives assurance that our
action will be just, patriotic, and what it ought to
be. I think m this all can agree. That is the
best assurance that we can have for the preserva-
tion of peace and the just estimation in which we
fhall be held abroad. That is a fact of which all
the world is cognizant I hope. And whatever—
owing to the form of our institutions—whatever
rnay be the little effervescence that here and there
discloses itself upon full discussion, and upon that
protracted sort of debate to which our institutions
necessarily lead—however turbulent our debates
may have been—I trust that our decision will be
marked by temperance and jnstiec. Such, I be-
lieve, will be the course of this body—such its ul-
timate decision. I think we should not hasten to
the end of this matter. There is no necessity for
it as it relates to ourselves, for the notice proposed
is not to be given until after the expiration of the
present session of Congress. 1 see no necessity
for hastening it. The subject, in the meantime,
is open to negotiation, as a diplomatic question,
between the proper departments of this and of the
other Government. They have their duty to per-
form, and theirs is the primary responsibility on
this great question. To that t hold them. To
that [ trust the people of the United States will
hold them. To that all the world—the public
opinion of Christendom and of civilized mankind
elsewhere—will hold them, and not one jot of that
responsibility am I willing to abate—not one. If
they feel the greatness of their position, let them
also feel their responsibility to the world, and stiil
more especially to their own country. They who
should involve this country in a needless war, will
bear responsibility heavy enough to sink a navy,
sir. Let them be warned. To defend the rights
of their country is one great duty. To protect the
interests of their country is their duty; and of
those interests, peace is the greatest and mightiest
of all. These duties are not inconsistent. It is
no vaunting spirit that is to be acted on here, No
fanaticism m politics must be suffered to guide the
counsels of a great nation upon so solemn and seri-
ous a question. Considerations of a much more
profound, of a higher and nobler character, should
influence those who are entrusted with a nation's
destiny. No hasty conclusions between individ-
ual negotiators; no little pouting and fretting, or
strutting upon the stage, can be any justification
to the Amercan people or before the world at large,
that out of these cabinet squabbles or diplomatic
quarrels two nations and the world shall be set to
war, and to cut cach other's throats. No, sir; the
people of the United States will regard it in a dif-
ferent light. We have no necessity to go to war
to make a character. None. We have a character,
sir. We are not obliged to set up idle pretensions,
lest the world should doubt or mistrust us. It is
the character of republics everywhere to indulge,
perhaps, too much in military spirit; but ours is
known. We have a genealogical title to it. We
have a historical title to it. We have a public and
political character. We have, above all, national
honor, and that is enough without boasting of it.
It is the grand characteristic of a great nation, con-
scious of its character, that it vaunts not—that it
boasts not of its power to do right. When wrong
is attempted, it is not necessary to despise—to vil-
ify other people. There is no necessity of assuring
the people of this country and the world that our
disposition is to preserve the peace of the country;
a disposition that will manifest itself in our action :
to the ultimate limits of our constitutional and
rightful and proper power to render itself effectual
—not improperly—not by needless interference; I
fear that more than anything else. We have no
disposition to rush into war—none; and our course
will ultimately prove so, whatever inferences may
be drawn in any quarter to the contrary. A great
majority of the Senate is anxious—we are all anx-
ious for peace. A majority is decidedly in favor
of preserving the peace of the country honorably,
and of settling this question peaceably and honoia-
bly by compromise, negotiation, arbitration, or by
some other mode known and recognised among na-
tions as a suitable and proper and honorable mode
of settling national questions. For one, I express
my regret at the rejection of the proposition for
arbitration. I do not desire to interfere with those
hands rightfully and constitutionally engaged m the
negotiation of this subject; but I do not know what
right we possess to exalt ourselves above all law
heretofore recognised amongst nations, and to say
that our territorial disputes aie to be placed above all
arbitration. What is this? Upon what ground do
we claim this mi« hty prerogative above all other na-
tions? It is discretionary, certainly, to accept or re-
ject arbitration; but to assume that no territorial dis-
pute of ours shall be submitted to arbitration, is an
interpolation in thatgreatcode of pacification which
the world has adopted, and acted upon from the be-
; ginning. We have ourselves adopted it. The choice
| of an arbiter is another thing. The Adnunistiatiou
may have good reason fur i ejecting the aibitration
of crowned heads. Hut crowned heads, thank God,
are not the only heads in the world, any more than
they aie the best heads or the wisest heads. There
are other heads borne by private citizens, humble
in eveiy other respect but m their motul and intel-
lectual greatness, and the elevation which their
virtues give them. And to such men no one, it
seems to me, could without shame express himself
unwilling to refer the arbitration of this matter.
Why not oifei such an arbitiation ? What a gloi i-
oum homage would this Republic render to its own
be^t principles by accepting the arbitration of a ti i-
bunai composed of men distinguished only for
their talents, know lod^e, science, and moral worth.
That would tend greatly to the elevation of the
age. Neither the steamboat nor the mighty ship,
which, with wonderfully contrived machinesy
ploughs the ocean, defying as it were both wind
and wave, is so wonderful in the world of arts and
mechanics as, m the gie.it progress of setencc and
civilization, would be the sptetaelo of such a tri-
bunal. And fm that great work to have pioceeded
from the hands of this free Government, from re-
publican hands, how majestic the spectacle! it
would have been worth more to the world than all
Oregon, if every inch of it would have been award-
ed to us ; and the proud reputation and character
that would have resulted from that, would have
added to that national honor about winch we talk
so much, and which is the richest mheiit.mce of
nations, afresh lustre that nevei would have faded
away. It would have been a boon far moie -val-
uable than any territory on the northwest coast
of America. These are my sentiments on that
subject. I think, therefore, Mr. President, that
there is no occasion to proceed to vote. We are
well enough known everywhere, I trust, and do
not need any such means of declaring our dispo-
sition and character. 1 would have nothing done
in intemperate haste—nothing unadvisedly. All
that we shall do I would have done wisely, justly,
and in order; and so it will be done. In the con-
fidence of such a character as this, I place my re-
liance.
Mr. WEBSTER. I concur very cordially in
what my friend on my right [Mr. Crittenden]
says. My purpose when I arose was merely to
ascertain whether the question on which we are
deliberating might not be presented in a much
more convenientform than that which it at present
assumes. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
has an amendment pending to the lesolution of the
House. The honorable Senator from Georgia
offers what he would propose as an amendment,
were it in order. It is not in order. The ques-
tion then was, whether it would be well enough
received by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
as to be a substitute for his. He says that, upon
reflection, the first of the resolutions of the honor-
able member irom Georgia seems equivalent to his
own, and, so far, he can have no difficulty in ac-
cepting it; but the second resolution of the gentle-
man from Georgia is a substantive proposition
going somewhat further than his, and therefore
not a natural substitute for it. If, then, it be the
disposition of the House to act upon the subject
a little farther than was proposed by the resolution
of the member from Kentucky, the only question,
I suppose, is, whether it would suit his conve-
nience, and sense of propriety and duty, to with-
draw his resolution, and let this be moved, reserv-
ing to himself the power of acting upon or dis-
posing of the second branch of this proposition
according to his judgment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I accept of the first sec-
tion, and the striking out of my entire resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER. Very well. I do not think
it is of any very particular importance that we
express any opinion in the Senate to-day, or to-
morrow, or this week, or next week. I do sup-
pose that the proceedings of the Senate upon this
whole subject are looked at with infinite interest
at home, and with great lespect fiom abroad.
And I perhaps feci the more strongly than my
honorable friend from Kentucky does, because I
live amongst those who daily experience that evil
—the evil that arises to all the commercial rela-
tions of the country from the present posture of
this affair. I will say a few words more 1 shall
•vote for both the propositions of the member from
Georgia. I am prepared to do that.
Mr. President, at the opening of the session, the
President of the United States,"uncalled for by us,
but in the discharge of what he doubtless consid-
ered to belus official duty, sent to the Senate of
the United States the correspondence between him
and the nixh Government up to that time. It
became a pioper subject of remark in this body,
as well as m the other House—1 say nothing as to
the piopiiety of sending that correspondence here—
1 suppose such a step could be only justified on
the giound that the negotiation had terminated;
for certainly, m the gcneiai practice and history of
government, it is found to be quite inconvenient
j to make public the vaiious letlets m a line of dip-
lomatic correspondence before the end has arrived*
I thought, nevertheless, that as the President, in
the commencement of the session, bad seen lit to
send out the correspondence up to that time, and
as the Senate was about to be called upon to act
on the question of notice, it would be expedient
that the Senate should he m possession of any
subsequent correspondence winch had taken place.
In that motive emanated the call which I made in
the Senate, and which produced the correspond-
ence respecting the offer and rejection successively
of arbitration. Now, without at this time mean-
ing to enter into any sort of examination or remark
in an unfriendly disposition or wish to embarrass
—(nothing could be further from my mind)—the
proceedings of the Government; yet I must say,
that the present position of affairs is such that it is
desirable to know what is the opinion of the Ex-
ecutive. Nobody doubts that the two Houses of
Congiess of the United Slates have a perfect right,
without giving offence to any one, to terminate the
treaty of 1818. That is a right reserved in the
treaty itself, and its exeieise can give no just
ground of complaint to anybody. That is certain.
Hut this position must be taken in connexion with
other circumstances. The proposition for notice
has originated in the other House, and has passed,
but with a qualification there, or an addition, or
whatever else it may properly be called. The
resolution, thus qualified fiom being a resolution
of naked notice to one with conditions, comes
here, and here other propositions are offered, and
they are entertained-—thus far at least—so far as
to be considered quite in order, and fit subjects for
consideration. My honorable friend from Ken-
tucky, in one part of his speech, says that he is
disposed to leave the responsibility exactly where
the Constitution leaves it—where it properly be-
longs—and that they who have the power shall be
answerable. That is certainly a very just senti-
ment, and the influence of that sentiment on my
own mind, fiom the first, has been to raise a doubt
whether we should do anything in the matter but
give or refuse notice. Nevertheless, the proposi-
tions of qualification and modification have been
made in the other House, and m this House; and
it seems to be insisted that we have a right to 
perhaps are expected to—pei haps it is the senti-
ment-—I believe it is of a large majority of the
Senate—say that some qualification should accom-
pany this notice. Still, I really think that, in this
