432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26.
state of things, we have a right to know in what
point of view the Exccutivc Government regards
this notice; or rather, what are the ends and con-
sequences to which, in the judgment of the Ex-
ecutive, the giving of this notice will tend.
When I had the honor of addressing the Sen-
ate on this subject a month or six weeks ago, I
said (what appears to me equally true now) that
the Government of the United States—that the
President of the United States—cannot expect war.
He does not act like the Chief Magistrate of a
great nation, expecting that the country may be
soon invaded. He does not act like a man charged
with the defence of the country, at a moment when
it is m danger of being assailed by the most formi-
dable enemy on earth. There is nothing in his
recommendations to the other House, nor to this,
indicative of such an expectation. There is no-
thing of preparation for defence, indicating that the
President expects war. Well, then, he can cxpect
nothing but a continuance of this dispute, or its
settlement by negotiation. I am bound to suppose
that he expects its settlement by negotiation. What
terms of negotiation ? What basis of negotiation ?
What grounds of negotiation? Every thing that
we hear from the Executive department is " the
whole or none;" and yet negotiation! Sir, it is
in vain to conceal from ourselves, from the coun-
try, or from the world, the gross inconsistency of
this course of conduct. It is the spirit of that cor-
respondence to which my honorable friend has al-
ready alluded, that the whole of Oregon is ours,
and that nothing can be done which admits the
existence of a doubt as to our light to the whole,
or the possibility of a right existing in another; and
yet, we are to negotiate! Pray, what is negotia-
tion > Does the Administration, expect that, by
negotiation, it can persuade the British Government
to surrender the whole territory to us? Is that its
expectation ? It may do that. I cannot say it will j
not. If that is the expectation of our Government, |
why then, of course, it will try its hand at it. I j
wish it success ! Thai is to say, 1 wish the coun-
tiy could be rid of the dispute. Take the whole of'
Oregon, if you can get it, but, at all events, settle '
the question between the two countries faiily and
reasonably- But I say I do not understand the
position m which the Executive government has
placed itself: in favor of negotiation nil the time;
but all the time refusing to take anything less than
the whole! What consideration—what compro-
mise—what basis—what grounds, therefore, for
negotiation? If the Government of the United
States has made up its mind—I speak of the Ex-
ecutive government—that, so far as it is concerned,
it will not treat for anything less than the whole
of Oregon, then it should say so, and throw itself
on the two Houses of Congress and on the coun-
tiy. Tt should say so.
I am entitled to make these remarks, which I
mean in no disrespectful spirit to anybody, be-
cause it cannot bo denied that the effect of this no-
tice is very differently viewed by intelligent gentle-
men, all friends of the Administration, on the floor :
of this Senate. The gentleman from Georgia, |
whose proposition is now thus informally before I
us, lcgdrds the notice as leading to peace—expects
peace fiom it—hopes peace from it—desires to ex-
press such opinions as shall enable the Adminis-
tration, in the conduct of its negotiations, to arrive
at peace. Still it is quite certain that other gentle-
men, and amongst the rest my distinguished friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cars,] arc much le.-bS ardent
in their hopes of peace flowing from the notice.
That gentleman's opinion seems to have been, that,
if we pass this notice, we shall be obliged to take
possession, and that then war will follow. That
is the declaration of the gentleman. His speeches
generally end with the expression of his fear that
war is inevitable—war is inevitable.
Air. CASS. No, Mr. President. But let me
repeat my original proposition, from which I have
never varied a hair's breadth. I repeat it, I hope,
for the last time, in the hope that hereafter 1 will
be neither misrepresented nor misunderstood—not
that I say I have been misrepresented by the hon-
orable Senator. I said that we were called on to
give this notice ; that if we did so, and went on
complying with the other recommendations of the
President, and in the meantime, if withm the year
the question were not settled by negotiation, then
I thought war would come; that if we should ad-
here to our pretensions, and England to hers, in-
sisting on her claim, war must come.
Mr. WEBSTER. The only contingency that
seems likely, then, to interfere in that event which
all deprecate, is, that England will continue to as-
sert her claim. Now, I have no right to ask the
honorable gentleman—
Mr. CASS. Ask me any question you please,
sir.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, then, does he suppose
that England ever will surrender the whole of Ore-
gon in any form of circumstances?
Mr. CASS. 1 have my doubts whether she ever
will. I asserted the same, thing when I foimerly
addressed the Senate, and asked when was it. ever
known that England relinquished a territory or
abandoned a principle? I vary not one hair's
breadth from my former position.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman is of the opin-
ion that we will not recede, and that England will
not give up the whole; and what, then, is more nat-
ural than—not to use the rejected term—that war
is very likely to happen? i confess the argument
of the honorable gentleman, more than his partic-
ular expression, led me to enteitain the idea which
I do entertain, that such was his opinion. To be
sure, I do not mean to charge him with saying that
"war is inevitable." But what he said rung in my
ears ever since, and so I was constantly obliged to
keep up a comparison with that memorable saying
with which a senator of old was accustomed to end
his speeches—Carthago est deleft do. But what I
have to say is merely to repeat that I am desirous
of expressing my judgment on this subject, when-
ever I can do so, without embarrassing the Admin-
istiation. If negotiation be pending, I wish to
hold my tongue. It shall be blistered before I
would say anything derogatory to the title of the
United States whilst the Government of the Uni-
ted States was engaged in negotiating for that
territory on the strength of our titie. Gentlemen
see the embarrassment in which we stand. I
will aid the Administration in all honorable efforts
to obtain all that belongs to us, and all that we can
rightfully and honorably acquire with all my heart
—with all my heart. But, then, I must know
something. Certainly, inasmuch as lam a citizen
of the country, I claim a right, and nothing more,
to know something of the views, purposes, expec-
tations, and objects of the Administration. 1 can-
not reconcile myself to be much longer kept in a
posture of things in which no preparations are
made to defend the country—in which negotia-
tion is held out every day as that course of pro-
ceeding which is expected to bring the question
to a settlement, and to settle the question by Eng-
land giving up the whole matter in dispute. Now
my doubts whether we arrive at that conclusion
are quite as deep and as strong as those of my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] I say for
one, that, in my opinion it is not the judgment
of this country—it is not the judgment of the Sen-
ate, that the Government of the United States
should run the hazard of a war for Oregon, by re-
nouncing, as no longer fit for consideration, the pro-
position of adjustment made by this Government
thirty years ago, and repeated in the face of the
world. I do not say any specific pioposition; but
1 say the general proposition, the general idea, the
gcueial plan of separating the interests of the peo-
ple who live beyond the Rocky mountains, in the
appropriate, language used the other day by the
; member from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] In my
; opinion, it is not the judgment of this country that,
! at the hazard of a war, we shall now reject, as no
j longer proper for our consideration, propositions
some definite form, not because I attach any special
importance to an immediate expression of-an opinion
merely. We have every week an opportunity of
saying what, in a week, almost will lie known all
over the world. But I wisk to put an end to this
annoying and distracting state of things which now
exists in the country. The present condition of
this question is productive of the most serious em-
barrassment. It is proposed to remodel the tariff.
How ? To augment duties or to reduce duties ? If
to augment, is it in prospect of war ? If to reduce,
is it in the confirmed hope of peace ? I want to
know how any gentleman in either House of Con-
gress can act intelligently on such a subject as that
of revenue until he know whether we are to have
settled peace, or whether we are very near to an
outbreak with a powerful foreign State. And if
we look into private affairs, the evil is equally
pressing. Look at the effect on our immense com-
merce. It is easy for gentlemen to say that they
regard the national honor as of greater consequence
than the national commerce. So do I. If the nonor
of the country bo assailed, then, to use the language
of a gentleman in the other House some years ago,
" Perish commerce!" But these arc not interests
with which you can trifle. Surely the American
ships that covcr the ocean—the whole of the sea-
board—the great interests connected with private
life, and every man's daily business and dailybread,
are not to be trifled with by diplomatic forms—by
the pursuit of objects not connected with the sub-
stantial interests of the country. These are the
reasons why I desire an opportunity, as soon as
might be convenient, of expressing an opinion—if
wc arc to express any opinion at all—^and to hear
what weight others might please to give it. If it
be thought better not to express an opinion, then
let all the amendments be withdrawn, and let the
question of naked notice be put. Let us meet that.
That will throw the responsibility solely on the
Executive Government, making it answerable for
the exercise of the power it holds to the fullest ex-
tent. lam either for taking the question on the direct
resolution for notice, or I am for taking it in some
form—if we express any opinion at all—that shall
express the opinion 1 have intimated, and which I
believe to be according to the judgment of the coun-
try and the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. BREESE said he had merely risen, at the
commencement of the debate, to move a postpone-
ment till Monday, and to lay his proposition on
the table. If we look back at thfc ccn^s^of this ,
discussion, we will see that-we^ve n£t<oBserved
a very strict course, and I hope,-the. Senate w'ill ac-
cord to me the same'rights as it has to others. As
a matter personal to'himself he Jhad voted for the
postponement, and he hoped the same courtesy
would be extended to him which had been granted
to others.
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly; I hope so.
Mr. BREESE resumed. There is a manifest
difference, although it may not appear at first view,
between my amendment and the resolution Pr°~
posed by the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. That simply asks that the con-
vention of 1827, which is but incident to that of
1818, should be abrogated. I wish to include the
i latter also, and that m twelve months after the giv-
; ing the notice, untrammelled by any condition
■ whatever, but expressed in courteous terms, and
i destitute of anything m its terms that could give
! offence. .As to the action upon the resolution, as
i far as gentlemen are concerned, I have nothing to
i say. I have drawn the resolution in terms of
made and repeated thirty—twenty years ago. I do ij courtesy, and have a right to expect that it would
' not believe that that is the judgment of the Senate, j be courteously received. All \\ e have to do is to
1 1 have the fullest belief that the proposition of the give the notice, unencumbered by-conditions, di-
! honoiable Senator from Geoi^ia now on your table |j rcctly and positively. I concur with very much
, concurs with the sentiment of a large and decided |i scud by the Senator from Kentucky; but I do not
' majority of the Senate; that's my judgment. [A believe there is any necessity for voting on this
I Senator: " Two-thirds. "J A gentleman near me :| subject to-day or to-morrow. I think it would be
! says two-thirds of the Senate. ] cannot say how ji better that it should be postponed, to give the Sen-
■ that may be; but I say my belief is, that the unc- Ij ate time for consideration before voting. In regard
quivocul judgment of the Senate is as 1 have repre- j to what has been said about the transmission of
sentcd it; and 1 am willing to tiy it tlus day, this the action of the Senate by the steamer
hour, this minute. That resolution expresses the ||
general propriety of settling this question by ad- j;
justment and compromise. Compromise I can un- ji
derstand—arbitration lean comprehend; butnego- jj
tiation, with a resolution to take and not to gne—
negotiation, with a resolution not to settle unless
wc obtain the whole, is what I do not comprehend
;j in diplomacy or matters of government, I wish,
1 therefore, we could get this matter resolved into
land. I cannot concur. In matters of this kind, of
great consequence to my country, I will not stop
to examine the views of transatlantic nations upon
I its propriety; and I was very much pleased with
j the views presented in such elegant and beautiful
I language by the Senator from Kentucky m relation
j to this topic. I am desirous to show why I can-
not vole for the amendment of the Senator from
' Georgia, which the Senator from Massachusetts
