1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
M.r. COBB moved that the House go into com-
mittee on the private calendar.
■ Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL demanded the yeas and
flays.
Pending the question, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HARMANSON: The petition of James Arbuthnot
for confirmation of private land claim.
By Mr. FAEAN: Tlie petition of 37 members of the Ohio
Legislature^ with accompanying papers, tor the division of
the State of Ohio into two judicial districts for the circuit
and district courts of the United States.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH; Sundry petitions from the
citizens of St. Clair, Randolph, Jackson, Union, and Alex-
ander counties, Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail-route from Cairo, by Unity,"Jonesboro', Toledo, Mur-
phys>boro', Georgetown, Sparta, and Athens, to Belleville:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of Sally Baker for a pen-
sion, as the widow of a revolutionary officer.
By Mr. MeCRATJC ■ The petition of William McLoon and
68 others, asking for an appropriation to buoy out Muscle
Ridge channel in the State of Maine : winch was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. PJ?,RRY: The petition of the legal representatives
of Henry Hoffman, pi aying for the bounty offeied by Con-
gress on the 1,5th May, 17")8, to each non-com missioned of-
ficer and private who enlisted to serve during the war of the
Revolution.
By Mr. E. B. IIOLMES : The memoiial of the Common
Council of the city of Rochester, and the petition of James
Kirby and 312 other citizens of Rochester, praying for the
establishment of lurtifieations, and a military dep6t at the
port of Rochester, in the State of New York.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of John Lloyd, praying
compensation for services, &c., m the last war with Groat
Biitam. The petitions of Ira Race and others, in favor of
the same.
ByMr.BOYD: The petition and papers of St. John Low-
ly, tor commutation pay, m consideration of services during
tnu war of tlie Revolution.
By Mr. NORRIS: The petition of Samuel Billings, of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for the allowance ami pay-
ment of a flailing bounty oa the schooner Lurana.
By Mr. McCLEAN : The memorial of citizens of the
State of Pennsjlvania, asking Congress to establish a mail-
route from York to Carlisle, in said 8*tau>, and aboto dnect
that the mail be carried in stages, and at least si\ time* a
week: refei red to the Committee on the Post Olliec and Post
Roads.
By Mi. CUMMINS : The petition ot'IiaM. Laurarice and
62 other citizens of Ohio, asking the establishment of a
mail-ioute tiom Cleveland to Cuyahoga county, Ohio, via
Kojdlton, Hinckly, Granger, and Aharon, to Wadswoith,
in Medina county, Ohio. The petition of Haivuy Edgciton
and 50 other citizens of Ohio, for the same purpose. The
petition of Sherman Blocker and 15 othei citizens of Ohio,
lor the same purpose. The petition of Allen Pardee and 2-1
other citizens of Ohio, for the same purpose. The petition
of Oliver Ingham and 50 otiier citizens of Ohio, for the
same purpose. The petition of George K. Pardee and 62
ether citizens of Ohio, for the same purpose. The petition
of James Morell and 60 other citizens of Ohio, for the same
purpose: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of 412 citizens of Fort
Madison, Iowa, praying an appropriation for the removal of
the obstructions in the Mississippi river, at what are called
the "Upper and Lower Rapids" iu that river : refoirud to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. THURMAN : The petition of 171 citizens of Hock-
ing county, Ohio, praying Congress to give the notice and
adopt the measures in rofeience to Oregon recommended
in the President's Message, and protesting against a surren-
der of any portion of that territory. The memoiial from
135 citizens of the same county, setting forth their opinion
that no question pending between the United States and
Great Britain ought to be settled in such a manner as to ex-
tend the dominion of the British empire, and declaring their
willingness to moot any war, however long or disastrous,
which may he necessity to prevent the occupation of a sin-
gle foot more of the American continent, and more espe-
cially of the Pacific coast*, bj- the power of Great Britain :
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition and paper of Stephen
Briar, of Ohio, claiming a pension • referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. The petition and paper of David
Murphy, of Ohio, for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. The petition from citizens of Ohio,
for a railroad to Oregon; referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
By Mr. BUOCKENBROUGH : The petition of John Go-
mier, for relief for illegal occupation of his land, and leave
to correct an erroneous entry of land at the Tallahassee land
office : referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON: The petition of W. Brooke i
arid others, citizens of Holmes, county, Mississippi, praying
for the release of Alvah Wilson and W. A. McMilhan, as
sureties of W. II. Hmcs, deputy postmaster at Lexington,
Mississippi: which was refei red to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of John Raum and
other citizens of Pope county, Illinois, praying Congress to
establish a national armory and foundry at Fort Massac,
Illinois: referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of Adam Mitchell and
others, asking a remuneration for the Joss on continental
money which was received by his father-in-law, Aithur
Gray, late of Abbeville district, South Carolina, for ser-
vices in the revolutionary war, and which said continental
monev has never been the subject of speculation.
By Mr. JAMES H. JOHNSON : The petition of Miss Nan-
cy Martin, for the five years' pension due to her mother on
her death.
By Mr. FRIES: The petition of Angus McBarre and 122
other citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to establish a national armory and foundiv at Foit
Massac, in the State of Illinois: referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
By Mr. GILES: The memorial of tin* journeymen seenr-
rnakers of the city of Baltimore, in reference to the duties
on imported tobacco and imported segars: refened to the
Committee of Ways and Mean*.
By Mr. RELFE: The proposals from the city authorities
of St. Loni«, Missouri, relating to a fitc for a marine hos-
pital at that city: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. LEIB- The petition of Jacob Boston, of Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a pension in oon-ideration
of his services a< a marine in the navy of the United States
at the siege of Tripoli m 1B04.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of P. R. Hazeltine,
and 54 othois, hbip-owners, masters, and citizens, of Belfast,
State of Maine, asking Concre<s to purchase the monument
located in Belfast bnv, and now owned bv Otho Abbot. TNq.,
for the use of the Government: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of C. II. Tavlor,
and 352 other citizens of the Grand River vallev, in the State
of Michigan, for the establishment at a in.nl-ronte fiom
Grand Rapids, in «aid State, to Milwnukie, in the Tcrvitoiv
of Wisconsin : referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr. BltOOKENPROUGlf: The petition of Eugene
Van Ness and John M. Bru-h, executors of Nehemiah
Buish, deceased, praying eompen-ation for piopertv de-
stroyed by the United States troops at M'canopv, Florida:
referred t<> ihe Committee on Military Affair*. ANo.the pe-
tition of Philip J. Fontaiie, pra\msr lor the payment of a bal-
ance due him on a contract to repair the beacon on T.ove
Kov, near Key West, Flond.i reJeried to the. Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. DELANO; Two p<itifioiiu-~onc sipned by 60. and
tbe other by 101, eirt/.en< and voters of ihe countv of Kuo\,
Ohio; prnvme Con«xre«y for an appropriation for the ereetion
of a wire suspension hridtrc across the western branch of the
Ohio nver, at Wheeling.
Bv Mi. SEDDON; The petition of Jnil'th I\'^le^ton, of
Amelia county, Virginia, that the same provision
heretofore made for the widow* of ihe officers and >ohlier*
of the devolution maybe extended to her: referred to the
Committee on ^evolutional y Pernio^.
Bv Mr. REM'T.: The petition of the inhabitants of the
enmities of Cape (hrariiean, Seolt, New M.nhid, Stodd,nd,
Mississippi, Dunklin, ami Wayne, in i, in relation
to the swamp land- of Me^nun and Arkan-ns; referred to
the Committee of the Whole lh>n=e on the state of the
Union, to whom was rrlerred hill N'o. f)0, lelating to said
swamp InniN.
Bv Mr. ANHFUSO\: The neptnm of "William Conklin
and othei-*, hen* at law of tth/abeth CVniMin, On- a penMon
BvMr. BHOCKF.NIIKOUiJTI • The petition of B.-nnet M.
Doll, of Alaehua, Florida, for payment for pi opem taken foi
the use of the l-nited i^tate-* by troops in the United States
service.
By Mr. LKWftf • The memorial nf the Max or and Com
mon Council of the eity of INiehe-tci. for the fortifieahon of
the port ofBoche«ter, \'exv Voik: reft 1 red to the Commit-
tee on Mihtarv AO-m-..
Bv Mr. .T G (Ml APM \TV • The memorial of Catharine
llodaes. widow of Beniamin Hod<*es, n^kin? payment for a
departed Mnve, under the treaty of Ghent.
Bv Mi. PHFfiPS; T! e n<*tition of Hh/ahcth Taylor,wid-
ow of the late Major Willinm Taxloi, a rewdutionniv pen-
sioner, for nrreais of pension due her late husband: referied
to the Commitfe" on Ho\otntiona«v Pennons. AKo. peti-
tions of Finnei* Voa*-t and .John f\ Kogers, for a chanye of
entries of land entejed hv mi-'take.
BvMr. DPNLAP- The petition of John INToCiudv anil '">1
other citi/.eris of Wa-hin"ton, <«u« rn-e\ county, Ohio. a-sk-
im an appropiintion foi the ereetion of a wire suspension
bridge aero** the Ohio nver, at Wherlinij, Ya.
By Mr. FRfFS- The petition ot Amos lloxxlcy, .Tohn
Frost, and 1-t other citizen1-* of Calhoun eounfx-, Ohio, piax-
inc Contrress to he-tow the public land- to the Static m
whieh they are «itna ed, on condition l<thar thev shall be
laid out in fhrin^ and lots foi the five use of such citi/.ens
(not po««nci<spd of ofhci lamM ikwiII occupy them,allowing
the settler the n?ht to di«no«e of his pnc-^esvion to any one
not po«jse<5sod of other landslefeired to the Committee on
Public Lnndrf.
HOUSE OF RKPUESKNTATTYES.
Saitudvy, February 28, 184G.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
(the further reading lumng, on motion of Mr.
Sims, of South Carolina, been dispensed with) was
approved.
The SPEAKER said the first business in order
would be the call of the committees for reports.
PE KS ON AL E X PLAN ATI ON S.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, asked leave to
make a personal explanation; and leave being
granted, Mr. S, sent to the Clerk's table the Na-
tional Intelligencer ©f the 28th instant, and called
for the reading of the following paragraphs:
"A number of bills had been callcd and objected
4 to, and were, under the rule, passed over without
* consideration; when
" The bill granting a pension to Orris Crosby
* was called and read, as was also the report of the
' committee setting forth the facts in the case, which
t are substantially as follows:
u That, upon the commencement of the war
4 between Great Britain and the United States in
41812, he was in Upper Canada; that he was called
4 upon to take up arms against his country, which
1 lie refused to do; that on the morning of the 7th
' June, 1813, he was arrested by a sergeant's guard,
' and carried by them to Dover, and thence to By-
'arson's creek, where a portion of the British
' forces and their fleet lay; that he was then put in
' irons, and suffered very harsh treatment; that on
* the night of the 17th July he was put on board
' the British fleet, with the avowed intention of
4 compelling him to light in the action that was
(hourly expected; that on the 10th September, just
' before the battle commenced, he was ordered to
i cheer with the others; this he refused to do,
4 whereupon the first lieutenant threatened to shoot
4 him; and when the battle commenced the first
4 lieutenant told him he should fight or he would
{ shoot him; lie still refused, and went below, when
< the lieutenant several times sent for him, and or-
4 dered him to come on deck and fi^ht or be shot;
4 that he utterly refused to fight, upon winch the
! i lieutenant drew a pistol and shot him hi the right
1 breast, the shot passing into the lungs; that he
'fell, and was nearly suffocated with his own
' blood; that the wound thus inflicted occasioned a
4 disability which has increased upon him with age,
' until he finds himself utterly disqualified to obtain
4 a living by labor. The petition is verified by the
4 oath of the petitioner, and the facts stated therein
4 are substantially proven by other disinterested
4 witnesses. Upon this state of facts, lie applied
'at the War Department for a pension, but the
1 Commissioner of Pensions declined granting a
4 pension, upon the "round that the pension laws
4 now in foiee did not authorize him to grant a
1 pension in any ease except when the disability
'was occasioned to the petitioner while he was
' technically in Ihe seivioe of the United States,
'but stating, at the wime time, that his case was a
4 meritoiiouH one, and that Congress would not foil
4 to ^rant jehef. Now in this case li is to be re-
4 marked (snys the committee who reported the
' bill) that a man may as effectually serve his coun-
' iry by refusing, under the penalty of death, to
4 light against it when on board, as a prisoner, a
' hostile vessel, actually engaged, as if he were
4 technically serving in the ranks of his country-
Mnen; and although he certainly docs not come
4 within the letter of the law, yet, in the judgment
' of e\cry one, he must very clearly come within
4 its equity.
" The uncompromising patriotism of Mr. Crosby
' is abundantly proven, not only by the act which
4 occasioned the disability, hut by his character and
' conduct both before and after that event, and is
4 most strongly evinced by his joining the Ameri-
' can army whilst yrt suffering from the effects of
4 his wound, and continuing in the service until the
4 close of the wat. The committee observe that
4 America rewards those whose patriotic devotion
' subjects them to injury from the brutality of a
1 dastard foe, and therefore report a bill for liis re-
'lief, amh-ecommend its passage.
| " After the report in Mr. Crosby's case had
4 been read, the words 'I object,' were indistinctly
' heard.
"Mr. Wentworth rose and said he could scarce-
4 Iv conceive that any member would object to this
'bill; when
"Mr. Sims , of South Carolina, rose and said, 41
object.'
44 Mr. Went worth then said that if the objection
4 to this bill was persisted in, he should feel him-
' self justified in objecting to every other bill on
' the calendar, let their merits be what they might,
'and it would not he worth while to consume the
{time of the committee in calling them over.
44 Mr. Wentwortii persisted, and the commit-
' tee rose,"
Mr. S. proceeded to say: From indications yes-
terday, as well as from the extracts just read from
the Intelligencer, it seemed to be supposed that my
objection to the passing of the bill granting1 a pen-
sion to Orris Crosby proceeded from personal or
captious considerations. Such a supposition is very
far from the fact. My objection looked to general
and important considerations. I regarded the bill
as involving most important principles, and, there-
fore, that it ought not to be passed without proper
consideration.
