1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
reap the reward of their sacrifices and ^alor. Time j
was, sir, when our people unanimously preferred i
death to dishonor—when no British officer dare !
kidnap one of our citizens or burn one of our !
steamboats. But in this cold, cowardly, craven
age? we seem to be trying: the extent and power of
national endurance. Infringements of our rights
are overloeked, exorbitant demands are acquiesced
in, and direct offers of a portion of our country to
Great Britain to purchase a disgraceful and tempo-
rary peace, are not only made, but they are so
universally approved that they excite no surprise;
and the only question is, not shall we cowardly
surrender any portion of our common country,
but how much will satisfy Great Britain ? For this
wide-spread national malady, I prescribe liberal
pensions to the old soldiers as a bounty for the
encouragement of patriotism, which I fear is gross-
ly wanting in the political leaders of the rising gen-
eration. If we ever want men to fight for our ter-
ritorial rights it will help us much that we have
done justice to those who have fought before. My
motto is, do justice to the old soldiers and stand by
our rights. Then, if war come, the result would
certainly redound to our victory and honor. To
doubt this when we know our cause is a just one—
when all say and believe our title to all'of Oregon
is clear and indisputable—would be to question the
courage of our countrymen and doubt the justice of
Almighty God, who crowned the American arms
with success, not that ours might be the only abode
of liberty on earth, but that it mij>ht be the great
centre whence should radiate the light of religious
and political freedom, until the whole world should
be blessed with its illumination.
CHEROKEE INDEMNITY.
Mr. GRAHAM, on leave, offered the following
resolution; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to inform this House as soon as possible what
amount of money is yet due to the Cherokee
Indians from the sum heretofore appropriated by
Congress for their use and benefit; and how, and
in what manner does he propose to dispose of the
Cherokee fund now on hand, and what portion of
said remaining fund does he propose to pay to the
Cherokee Indians still remaining in the State of
JNorth Carolina.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call for re-
ports from committees.
SMITHSONIAN BEQ.UEST.
Mr. OWEN, from the solect committee on the
Smithsonian bequest, reported back the House bill
No. 5, with a substitute, and the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That this report be printed; that the
substitute herewith reported be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed separately in the form of a bill; mid
that the same be made the special order of the day
for the secmul Tuesday in Jlpril next.
Mr. HOUSTON called for a division of the
question, so as to take a separate vote on the pro-
posal to make it the special oider for a particular
day; which was ordered.
And the question on the first branch of the res-
olution was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the hill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
And the question recurring on the second branch
of the resolution,
Mr. OWEN said: I hope the House will suffer ■
me to say one word oil this subject. The money \
appropriated by this bill has been in our treasury }
between seven and eight years; and, in all that j
time, not a dollar of it fias been used in accordance |
with the will of the testator. We cannot suppose [
Congress unwilling to act in such a matter. It has i
heretofore failed, because, in the conflict on other
important subjects, it was delayed, and remained
among the unfinished business. This will again
be its fate, unless we make it the special order for
some day. The committee put it off until April. ;
If even that be too early, let a later day be named.
But, at all events, let some day be fixed when we
may know that the subject will be taken up; so
that we at last escape the just reproach of receiv-
ing money for one of the best purposes on earth,
and then doing nothing with it.
The question was then-'taken on the second
branch of the resolution, and decided in the affirm-
ative—two-thirds \oting therefor.
So the bill was made the special order of the day
for the second Tuesday in April next.
Mr. GENTRY, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the bill provi-
ding for a survey to ascertain the proper location
and cost of constructing a railroad from Chatta-
nooga to Nashville, reported the same without
amendment; ordered, that if be committed.
Mr., SYKES, from the Committee on Patents,
made a report upon the case of Heny M. Shreve,
accompanied by a bill for his relief, and to autho-
rize the purchase of his patent; which was read
and committed.
Mr. HARPER, on leave, presented certain res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Ohio
against any change in the law regulating postage
that will tend to increase the rates of letter postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the ease of Peters, Moore, & Co., reported a bill
for their relief; which bill was twice read, and
committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. ROBERT
SMITH asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Pierre Menard, Autoine Peltier, anil Joseph Placy;
which was twice read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. WICK, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the con-
sideration of the car-'e of ilenry Asbury; and that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his papers,
Mr. T. li. KING, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made a report, upon the, cases of Geov.'C
De Ja Roche and \V. P. S. Hanger, accompanied
by a bill for their relic!*; which bill was read twice
and committed.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committer on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to provide for the pre-
servation of a biid^e across "White river, on the
Cumberland road, m the State; of Indiana, accom-
panied by a report m writing which bill was read
twice and committed.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON", from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, made a report upon
the petition of the heirs of Thomas Krtowlton, ac-
companied by a hill for their relief; which bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. DANIKL P. fvlNCr, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, made a report upon the
case of the grandchildren of M.tjor Geneud Bar-
on De Kalb; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. ISAAC K. MOUSK. from the Committee,
on Private Land Claims, made a report upon the
petition of William M:iy, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which bill was read twice and com-
mit ted.
Mr. CATITCAUT, fiom the Committee on In-
dian Alluirs, lo which was icfeired the petition of
Clark Lillybrid^e, reported a bill for his relief;
which bill was lead twice and committed.
Mr. MeHHNRY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which was referred the
bill for the relief of James Dixon, reported the
same without amendment, accompanied by a re-
port in writing;; which bill wa<* committed.
Mr. BUPl'TNGTON, from the Committee on
the Judiemrv, made an adverse report, upon the
petition of Mai in L. Nourse; which bill was laid
upon the table.
Mr. THOMA^SON", from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, made adverse re-
ports upon the cases of Nathaniel Patton's heirs
and lcpil represeutath es, and of James IT. McHat-
ton and Edward Hemdon; which were laid upon
the table.
Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which the subject was referred, reported
a bill providing for warehousing imports, accom-
panied by a report in writing; which bill was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to change the time for
holdingthe Federal court in the State of North Ca-
rolina: which was read twice, and, having been or-
dered to a third reading now, was read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
Daniel Duggan, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid. Pensions.
HARBOR OF PROVIDENCE.
Mr. TIBBATTS,from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making an appropriation to
improve the harbor of Providence; which bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was recommitted on the 16th
inst., the case of Charles W, Bmgley, of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, reported a bill for his relief;
which bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report upon the petitions of Wil-
liam H. Topping, John P. Converse, and Joseph
Nock; which reports were laid upon the table.
Mr. HUBAIID presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Virginia, in favor of the
justice and piopiiety of immediately providing by
law for the satisfaction of all the Virginia military
land warrants for revolutionary services that are
now unsatisfied; which lesoiution was refeircd to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bill from the Senate en-
titled "A bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of William D. Cover," deceased, reported the
same without amendment; ordered that the said
bill be committed to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
During the process of calling the committee,
Mr, DANIEL made an ineffectual motion lo go
into committee on the private calendar.
The call of the' committee having been conclu-
ded, and amotion having been made fhsthy Mr.
H EN LEY omUhen by" Mr. GORDON, to that
effect, and a^ieed to,
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr Rvihblx, of i\ow York in the
chair,)"and proceeded lo the consideration of the
private calendar.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Wilham Giayson coining up,
The debate heretofore commcnccd was contin-
ued by Messrs. SEDDON m favor of the bill,
CLARKE m opposition, (and BAYLY, JOHN-
SON of Virginia, and IHJiJARD, m explana-
tion,)
Whilst Mr. Clarke was speaking, he was called
to order for irrelevancy by Mr. GORDON.
The CHAIRMAN decided that all matters
touching the bounty lands and policy of the State
of Virginia were out of order.
Mi, CLARKE then, conlinins; himself to the
provisions of the bill, concluded his remarks.
After some further remarks in favor of the bill
by Messrs. BAYLY, JOHNSON, of Virginia, G.
DAVIS, (and SAWYER, in inquiry,)
A motion was mode by Mr. GORDON that the
hill be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Mr. J. (1. ADAMS moved to amend the motion,
as to report the bill to the House without amend-
ment,
Aftci some conversation by Messrs. JOHN Q,.
ADAMS, 1. E. HOLMES, and the CHAIR, on a
point of order,
The question was taken: and, by ayes fi4, noes
GO, the amendment of Mr. Adams was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
to the House.
Mr. HOG 15 moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON asked the yeas and
nays; "which were refused.
The question being taken and decided in the
affirmative, the House adjourned.
j PETITIONS, &c.
j The following Petitions and Memorials were
, presented under the rule, and refeired to the ap-
! propiiate committees:
j By Mi. A. JOHNSON: The petition of David Texail, of
i Tomifsspp, praying Congress to {rrartt him si pension: ie-
: fcricd to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JBy Mr. STRONG: The petition of Atnah Cook, Smnh
■ M. Puvdy, and others, citizens of the county of Chenango,
! New York, for the construction of a railroad ft cm the At-
lantic to the Oregon territory: refened to the Committee
j on Roads and Canals.
, By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Georee IIix, of the
county of Monroe, in the State of Tennessee, prajnig Con-
to grant him compensation for depredations' comimt-
I, ted by Lieutenant Fowler and company, vdnle in the sei-
; vice of the United States in the Cherokee nation, m the
' jeur 1831: referred to tiic Committee of Claims.
