442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of William G. Camen-
tei, and 16 other citizens of Lycoming county, FennsWva-
Snff act°of ma"8 aSM"St a°y alter,ition or eduction of the
By Mr. HARMANSON: The petition of the register of
the land oflice at St. Helena, Louisiana, for an increase of
salary ■ referred to the Committee on Public Lands
By Mr. LA SERE: The memorial and petm";8of Robh
& Hoge, Daran Gueyrouse & Co., J. M. Laynevre !mrt
other, .merchants and traders of New Orleans, nWn* to
the duty on the common wines of Spam: referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. -
March 2,
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 2, 1846.
lhe PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Secretary of War, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, communicating in-
formation respecting fortifications proposed tS be
constructed on Lake Borgne, Louhffana; which
was read.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion adopted by the Senate on the 24th of Feb-
ruary last, papers relating to certain land claims of
John C. Whittell; which was read.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of cit-
izens of Maine, praying the establishment of a
marine hospital within the limits of that State;
which was referred to the Committee oil Com-
merce.
Mr. P. also presented the petition of citizens of
the State of Maine, praying an amendment of the
pre-emption laws in favor of actual settlers on the
public lands; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of cit-
izens of Niagara county, New York, praying the
abrogation of certain treaties made with the Sene-
ca Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of shipmasters
and seamen engaged in the navigation of the lakes,
praying that Cattaraugus harbor may be complet-
ed and lighted; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Roch-
ester, New York, and the petition of citizens of
Monroe county, New York, praying the defence
of Genesee harbor; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial ofPro-
fesaor James P. Espy, togethei with certain docu-
ments in relation to ventilating the Senate chamber,
and praying that a contract for that purpose may
be made with him; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of Theodore
Frelinghuysen and others, engaged in scientific
and literary pursuits, praying that scientific books
may be imported into the United States free of
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of two firms,
manufacturers of cutlery, praying that all foreign
steel may be admitted free of duty; and in case
their prayer should not be granted, praying that
no ad valorem duty should be imposed, and that
the present duties be not increased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. further presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Cayuga county, and one of citizens of
Geiiesee county, New York, praying the abroga-
tion of certain treaties with the Seneca Indians;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr, PENNYBACKER presented the petition
of the licensed pilots of Virginia, praying the re-
peal of the act of March 2, 1837, concerning pi-
lots; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JARNAG-IN" presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Tennessee, praying that Knoxville
and Chattanooga may be made ports of entry, and
that an appropriation may be made for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Tennessee river, by
removing certain obstructions thereto; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. J. also presented a preamble and resolu-
tions passed by the General Assembly of the State
of Tennessee, approving the action or Congress in
relation to the establishment of a naval depot at
Memphis, in that State, and urging the vigorous
prosecution of the work; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted a series of resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Illinois, asserting
the American right and title to the territory of
Oregon, and instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives of said State in Congress
to use their influence in support of the Executive
on this subject, and to give the notice; which reso-
lutions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORWiN presented the petition of citizens
of Ohio, praying that the pension allowed to Sam-
uel Hall, a soldier in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, may be increased; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAYTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the President be requested to in-
form the Senate whether, in his judgment, any
circumstances connected with, or growing out of
the foreign relations of this country, require at this
time an increase of our naval or military force; and
that, m the event of such increase being necessary,
in his judgment, he further inform the Senate (if
in his opinion not incompatible with the public in-
terest) what those circumstances are.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expcdicncy of re-
quiring the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to
be prepared a collection of the instructions which
have been issued since the 17th of August, 3 833,
either by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Com-
missioner of the General Land Oflice, together with
the official opinions of the Attorney General and
the Solicitor of the General Land Office on ques-
tions arising under the land laws since the above
period; and also into the expediency of directing
the Secretary of the Senate to cause the general
public acts of Congress, passed since the second
session of the Twenty-fifth Congress, respecting
the sale and disposition of the public lands, together
with the opinions and instructions above mention-
ed, to be printed for the use of the Senate, like the
former works on the same subject, and to cause
1,500 extra copies to be printed and furnished for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
forming an additional judicial district in the State
of Illinois, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. LEWIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee inquire
into the expediency of making provision for a suit-
able building for holding the Federal courts at the
newly-established seat of government in Alabama.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the
petition of William H. Thomas; which report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of William
H. Thomas, praying to be compensated for pro-
visions furnished to the Cherokee Indians in 1836;
which report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to organize and arm the
militia of Oregon; which was read, and passed to
[ i a second reading.
p Mi. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
j' Oflice and Post Roads, reported u A bill for the
relief of Thomas Rhodes;" which was read, and
ji the accompanying report was ordered to be printed,
j J Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
j1 Claims, to which was referred the petition of Mary
ij Williams, praying remuneration for property de-
; stroyed in consequence of its occupation by a por-
' tiou of the United States army during the Semi-
nole war, reported a bill for her relief; which was
read, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also, from the Committee on Retrench-
ment, moved that Mr. Turney (also a member of
that committee, as also of the Committee of Claims)
be discharged from further service on the latter
committee, in order to enable him to devote his at-
tention to the business before the Committee on
Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PENNYBACKER moved that the vacancy
occasioned in the Committee of Claims by the
withdrawal of Mr, Turkey should be filled by the
Chair; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported "A bill for the relief of James
Erwin, of Arkansas, and others;" which was read,
and ordered to be printed, together with the peti-
tion and accompanying documents.
Mr. SEMPLE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to establish a
post-route from Independence to the Pacific ocean;
which was read, and the report and accompanying
documents were ordered to be printed.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the mo-
tion made on the 16th of February, to dischage the
Committee on the Judiciary from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Asa Andrews; which
motion having been agreed to,
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the petition was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee of Claims on the
petition of Samuel Grice*, which report was concur-
red in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims on the memorial of James L. Sawyer;
which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims on the petition of Robert and William Arm-
strong; which report was concurred in. -
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
petition of Caleb Greene, which had been reported
upon by the Committee of Claims, referred subse-
quently to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
which committee made an adverse report thereon.
Mr. H. JOHNSON moved that the report be re-
committed, with directions to the committee to re-
port a bill for the relief of the petitioner; and some
discussion took place between Mr. H. Johnson
and Mr. Ashley, chairman of the Judiciary'Com-
mittee, in which the former stated that the clerk of
the court of the western district of Louisiana, in
default of any proper place to keep the records of
the court, had formerly kept them at his house.
The court deeming this an unsafe depository, or-
dered him to rent a proper building, for which $180
per annum was to be paid. The Secretary of the
Treasury disallowed the claim of the clerk, stating
that it was within the province of the Marshal to
make that provision, but recommended the peti-
tioner to apply to Congress. It was objected by-
Mr. Ashley, that to pass on an individual appli-
cation of this nature would be to open the door for
the admission of a host of similar claims. The
committee, therefore, declined to act, unless in a
general law. He also denied the authority of the
court to issue the order.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the report was
laid on the table for the present.
[A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed the Senate "bill for the relief of William Elliott,
jr., of Fulton county, Illinois," together with vari-
ous other bills.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
The Senate took up the following bills from the
House of Representatives, reported this morning,
viz:
An act for the relief of Samuel Walker; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Also, an act to change the time of holding the
Federal courts of North Carolina; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, an act for the relief of Charles Benns; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Also, an act for the relief of J. S. Pierce; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Also, an act for the relief of Smith, Thurger &
Co.; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, an act authorizing the payment of certain
claims of the State of Alabama; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
, tee of Claims.
1 Also, an act for the relief of Adam McCullougn;
! which was read a first and second time, and refer-
i red to the Committee of Claims.
