444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and occupied it for half a century, they fell under j| But it is pretended that the convention between
the operation of the British-American principle of ,1 Spain and Great Britain, signed at the Escurial on
international law and conquest, justified by Britain
on prior discovery and continuity, finally added
New York to the British colonies in North Amer-
ica, extending from the sea to the great lakes. Ap-
ply this conjoint British and American exposition
of public law to the Spanish discovery by Perez in
1774, of the Pacific coast of Oregon as claimed by
the United States, including Nootka—of Heceta
and Quadra in 1775, of the mouth of the Columbia
river and of other parts of the coast, as related by
Humboldt in his " New Spain," to the fact of an
actual Spanish occupation of Nootka from 1789 to
1795, when the Spaniards voluntarily abandoned
it, and that no British settlement has since been
made there; apply it to the American discovery and
sailing up of the principal river by Captain Gray
in Ins good ship the Columbia, whose name the
river boars; apply it to the prior settlement by
Spain of California, and other points of the coast
of the Pacific, with a steady and unyielding claim
of title'from 1774 to the whole coast from Califor-
nia to a latitude north of 54° 40'; apply it to the
exploration of Oregon by Lewis and Clarke from
the headwaters of the Columbia to its mouth on
the line of continuity, and to the American settle-
ments made in 1809 and 1811, the latter being As-
toria, at its mouth, and the post on the Okonegan,
600 miles up the river, and one on the Spokan, still
further advanced; nnd on the ICooskooska and the
Willamette, and to the surrender of Astoria to the
United Stales by Great Britain, in virtue of the first
article of the treaty of Ghent, and without any
qualification or reservation whatever; and consider
that all these acts and foundations of title, Span-
ish and American, belong to the United States, and
we find our title perfect to the whole of Oregon
upon those principles of public- law established by
Great Britain herself on the American continent
prior to our Revolution in 1776.
Another view of the subject is equally conclu-
sive.
Great Britain, by virtue of prior discovery, and
of small and dctached settlements made after the
lapse of more than a century, claimed a perfect ti-
tle to, and jurisdiction over, the vast region stretch-
ing from the Atlantic to the Pacific, including Or-
egon, and covered it with her colonial chatters, as
we have seen.
By the treaty of Paris, of 1763, before adverted
to, and by the treaty of peace of 1783, Great Brit-
ain abandoned her ri^ht to all the land covered by
these charters west of the Mississippi river; which,
of necessity, enured to Spain as the owner of Lou-
isiana by the secret treaty of 1762, and of all the
country west to the Pacific, including the whole of
Oregon, because there was no other Power then in
existence to claim against her who had asserted a
claim to, or made a settlement at that time on, that
coast, and the claim of continuity extending east-
ward from the Pacific and westward from the Mis-
sissippi, would lawfully cover the whole spnee.
This tre-ity of 176*3, was to close a war waged
for territorial rights, and it was intended "to re-
i move forever all subjects of dispute with regard
1 to the limits of the British and French territories
' on the continent of ^hncrica^ the secret treaty of
1762 not being then known, by which Spam had
succeeded to the rights of France. It was agreed
by ir—
"That, for the future,'the confines between the do-
' of his Britannic Majesty, and those of his
' most Christian Majesty, in that part of the world,
6 shall be fix^d irrevocably by a line drawn along
s the middle of the river Mississippi, from its source
4 to the river Iberville, and froni thence by a line
' drawn along the middle of this river, and the lakes
' Mauripas and Pontchartrain, to the sea."
Spam at the same time ceded to Great Britain
the 28th of October, 1790, called the <c Nootka con-
vention," which allowed British subjects to make
settlements for trade with the Indians, without
any grant of soil or sovereignty, changes this ob-
vious result. The fourth article of the treaty of
Paris, of 1763, shows the terms appropriately used
by the three Powers, in cession of soil and sov-
ereignty. No terms of grant, or cession of any
sort, being found in the Nootka convention, it must
be deemed, like the convention we are seeking to
annul and abrogate, a mere international arrange-
ment for Indian trade, which can have no influence
on the question of sovereignty and title. Great
Britain was seeking no national sovereignty or
jurisdiction on that coast, but to protect the indi-
vidual property of her subjects there, and commer-
cial privileges, " for the purpose of carrying on
their commerce with the natives of the country, or
of making settlements there,'1 and these subject to
many restrictions, which Spain, as the rightful sov-
ereign of that realm, could alone impose.
It is difficult to misunderstand the relative posi-
tion of the two parties to this convention: Spain
claiming' to be the sovereign of the country, and
Great Britain simply stipulating for the protection
of the private rights of her subjects within it, for
the sole purpose" of trading with the Indians on the
Spanish coast—stipulations which would be inno-
cent and admissible, if applied this very day to the
Atlantic coast of the United States instead of the
Pacific coast. There is no cession of any juris-
diction whatever to be found in that convention.
Indeed, Great Britain, as late as the 16th of De-
cember, 18:2{), declared that she " claims no exclu-
' sive sovereignty over any portion of that territory:
4 her present claim, not in respect to any part, but
' the whole, is limited to a right of joint occupancy
* in common with other States, leaving the right of
' exclusive dominion m abeyance." This, it must
be admitted, is a very vnguc and undefined claim,
the convention reeosni/.ing only the right of British
subjects to trade with the natives only, and even
that subject to restrictions. Yet Great Britain ad-
mits that whatever her title may have been, "either
' on the partof Groat Britain, or on the part of Spain
' prior to the convention of 1790, it was from thencc-
* forward no longer to be traced m vague narratives
' of discoveries, several of them admitted to be apoc-
i ryphal, but in the text and stipulations of thatcon-
4 vcntion itself.'' Why, it may be asked, make
such a convention with Spain, if she had no right
of soil or sovereignty there, if she was not entitled,
on British principles of public law, to the full ben-
efit of all her discoveries and settlements on that
coast, while she was at so much pains and expense
to make this an organized department of her Gov-
ernment, established for that express purpose?
Great Britain, up to that time, had never sent out
a single ^>1 tip for any such purpose. Drake was a
pirate, and navigated the seas for plunder, and in-
stead of a halter, received from his sovereign
knighthood. Cook was sent to discover the much-
wished for western passive to China, and had
strict orders not to take possession of any part of
the coast already discovered or visited by any
European Power. In viunhabiled countries, he
was to erect the proper symbols of possession.
Cook made no discoveries which had not been
made years before by Spanish navigators, except
the Icy Cape. Pure/, was in Nootka Sound in 1774,
and Bodega v Quadra, in 177.% and had named a
mountain, under the parallel of 57°, Mount SanJa-
chi'o, which Cooke saw in 1778, and called Mount
EIgccomb. And it mny be asked, whose right of
; " exclusive dominion" over this country was thus
j "to remain in abeyance?" Did Spain, by that con-
! vention, agree to anything more than this: that.
I whilst the convention existed, her exclusive sov-
Fiorida and all the Spanish possessions east of the _ J
Mississippi; and these parties, by their cessions, !i 61st degree of north latitude, which she had repeat-
left the inference, although not expressed in the 'j edly asserted and insisted on before the Powers of
trcatv, that the territory icest of that river remain- ij Europe, and not questioned by them, should not
ed in the possession of either or both France and , be excrcised 3
Sp.iin. The subsequent cession of Louisiana to ■! But this convention, whatever it may "have been,
France, in 1890, enabled her to cede the same to was abrogated on principles of British law, as pro-
the United States by the treaty of 1803. If not J nounced by one ot her most distinguished mini-
convoyed by that treaty, as not within the limits
of Louisiana, it was within the dominions of Spain;
and that Power, by the Florida treaty of 1819,
ceded all her ''rights, claims, and pretensions" to
the territories on the Pacific north of the 42d de-
gree of north latitude.
convention, and revoked this license of trade and
settlement, and it has never been renewed. No
subsequent treaty between these Powers can be
shown, which, in their terms, or by their spirit
and intention, renews this convention.
The mode, as practised by these very Powers,
of renewing a treaty after a war, is by an express
recital and renewal of it by date or particular de-
scription and confirmation. The second section of
the treaty of Paris of 1763, so often referred to,
shows the mode in which Great Britain, and Spain,
and France, renew treaties. It is in this form:
"The treaties of Westphalia of 1648; those of
( Madrid, between the Crowns of Great Britain
4 and Spain of 1667 and 1670; the treaties of peace
'of Nimequen of 1678 and 1679; of Ryswick of
< 1697; those of peace and of commerce ofUtrecht
' of 1713; that of Baden of 1714; the treaty of triple
' alliance of the Hague of 1717; that of the quad-
'ruple alliance of London of 1718; the definitive
'treaty of Vienna of 1738; the definitive treaty of
< Aix-la-Chapelle of 1748; and that of Madrid be-
'tween the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain of
< 1750; as well as the treaties between the Crowns
1 of Spain and Portugal of the 13th of February,
41668, of the 6th of February, 1715, and of the 12th
< of February, 1761, and that of the 11th of April,
{1713, between France and Portugal, with the
{guaranties of Great Britain, serve as a basis and
' foundation to the peace and to the present treaty;
' and for this purpose they are all renewed and con-
1 firmed in the best form, as well as the treaties lh
(general which subsisted between the high contracting
< parties before the tear, as if they were inserted here
(word for word, so that they are to be exactly observed
lfor the future in their whole tenor," &c.
The treaty of Madrid of 1814, did not revive the
Nootka convention, or any commercial treaty, ex-
cept those relating to commerce between Great
Britain and Old Spain, not including her American
colonies or distant possessions. How, then, it
may well be inquired, can "the text and stipula-
tions of the Nootka convention," which did not
originally grant anything to Great Britain, but
merely permitted British subjects to settle for tra-
! ding purposes upon the northeast coast, and did
not even grant to them the fee simple of their set-
tlements, be now regarded as such a foundation of
title in Great Britain as will justify her in demand-
ing of us, who have succeeded by fair purchase to
all"the rights of Spain, a division of the country?
With equal propriety might a tenant at will, or at
sufferance, who has occupied the premises of
another under a license unmolested for a series of
years, demand of the proprietor, on receiving a
notice to quit, a partition of the farm, or the occu-
pied field.
Another view of this conviction may be urged.
Whilst it was now alleged by Great Britain to be in
full force, why did she" in 1818, before we had ac-
quired the Spanish title, voluntarily enter into this
convention with us on the 20th of October of that
year, so inconsistent as it is with her engagements
with Spain under the Nootlm convention > and
why did she not base her pretensions at that time,
as she does now, on its " text and stipulations,"
and not in " vague narratives of discoveries, some
of them admitted to be apocryphal.V If she really
believed the convention of 1790 was in force, it is
incomprehensible that she should not have urged
it. By neglecting to do so, these inferences are
fair and natural:
First. That Great Britain no longer considered
the Nootka treaty in existence or binding upon
her; otherwise she could not have violated her ob-
ligations to Spain, by covering the same ground
in a treaty with another power.
Srcand. That by transferring her obligations
; from Spain to the United States, Great Britain
thereby acknowledged a right in the United States,
ereignty and jurisdiction over the country up to the !' independently of Spain, as existing in virtue of our
■ 1 - / ..--..t-. i-...a - ' well-known prior discovery, exploration, and set-
tlement.^
Thus forbearing, in 1818, to bring forward her
claim under the !Nootka convention, Great Britain
can now repose on no other right than that gratui-
tously, without any equivalent whatever, g"*"'™
   ,, to her subjects by the convention with lis ot that
ters and statesmen, Lord Bathurst. He said, in i; year, and'indefinitely continued by the converation
his correspondence with our Government 111 1815: i of the 6th of August, 1827; for 1}y the concla
"Great Bntain knows of no exception to the rule
that all treaties are put an end to by a subsequent .n 181g t0 b0 extinct, and not alluded to, was maae an ele-
war between the same parties." The war of 1796, |j ment m the controversy by our own Minwter in t
between Spain and Great Britain, abrogated this i' broughiit forward under instructions from ft
