1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
of the former treaty she considered and treated
that of 1790 as a nullity; and thus regarding it, it
follows as a necessary and inevitable consequence,
that the right of sovereignty, by her own acknowledg-
ment, resided in the United States—a pretence of
claim on her part being inserted in it by her far-
seeing policy, out of -vvnich, by prolonged diplo-
macy, might grow a valuable possession.
Should it be necessary to adduce strong circum-
stantial proof of the conscious want of claim of
Great Britain to any part of the Northwest coast
south of 54° 40', derived from whatever source
she may now choose to select, it may be found in
the most solemn and imposing forms. By the con-
vention between the United States ana Russia,
made on the 17th of April, 1824, the line between
the territories of the two countries was established
at 54° 40'; which, having been thus acknowledged
to be the northern boundary of the territory of the
United States by Russia, the Government of Great
Britain being aware of this arrangement between
the two countries, and wishing to securc the sov-
ereignty and possession of a part of that coast, en-
teied into negotiations with Russia for that object;
and by the convention of the 28th of February,
1825, more than ten months after the date of the
convention between the United States and Russia,
Great Britain accepted a stipulation restricting her
to the coast lying between 54° 40' and 5fi° of north
latitude. In thus accepting this restriction on the
south either Great Britain tacitly relinquished any
pretensions to interfere with the territory of the
United States, or the Russian Government under-
took to prevent such interference (so far as she
could do it by treaty) with the rights of the United
States, so rcccntly acknowledged by herself under
the solemnity of treaty forms. The former is to
be presumed rather than the latter, and a magnan-
imous spirit would attribute such acknowledgment
by the British Government to a consciousness of
the superior title of the United States to that terri-
tory above all other nations—they having there the
entire Spanish title—rather than to the tame sub-
mission of a nation possessing a power more ex-
tensive than that of Rome in the plenitude of her
glory.
Tt may be said that the arrangement between
Great Britain and Russia did not affect any con-
flicting claims as between Great Britain and the
United States, to any territory south of 54° 40';
but the value of this suggestion will be properly
appreciated, when it is considered that in the nego-
tiations between the United States and Russia, no
notice was taken by either party of any claim
whatever of Great Britain to any part of that ter-
ritory, which it is not to be supposed would ha\e
been the case had any known well-founded claim on
the part of Great Britain existed. A nation of her
power would scarcely have been treated with mo
much indifference, not to say disregard, bv the
other contracting parties. Moreover, had Great
Britain considered herself in 1824 as possessing
any right over the territory south of 54° 40', or
had she considered herself as having " a claim not
1 in respect to any part, but to the whole, limited to
' a right, of joint occupancy in common with other
f States,leaving the rightof dominion in abeyance,"
it is not to be imagined, as observed by the present
distinguished Envoy of Great Britain to our Gov-
ernment,in speaking of the pretensions of Spain to
the same territory, that Great Britain "would have
' passively submitted to see the contending claims
* of Russia and the United States to a portion of
1 that terrritory the subject of formal diplomatic
1 transactions between those two nations."
It was important to the interests of the United
States, that an arrangement of this kind should be
made with Russia after we had succeeded to the
title of Spain, as Russia had eight establishments
on that coast, of very considerable antiquity, at
58 and 59 degrees north latitude, composed of set -
eral hundred individuals, and on the principles of
continuity, as established by Great Britain on this
continent, might well claim a more southern bound-
ary; and she was the only Power whose claim we
mi°"ht have found difficult to resist, being cotermi-
nous with us, in our extension north on the same
principle of contiguity. Believing the grounds set
forth to be conclusive of the title of the United
States to the territory in question from latitude 4'2°
to 54° 40' north, it is not considered necessary to
enter into a discussion of many considerations that
have called into action the efforts of able diploma-
tists. It may, however, not be inappropriate to
notice the just remarks of Lord Bathurst in his
communication to our Secretary of State, of the
30th October, J8J5. He said : " It will not be de-
* nied that the main object of the treaty of Ghent
' was the mutual restoration of territory taken by
* either party from the other during the war. As
' a necessary consequence of such a stipulation,
' each party reverted to their boundaries as before the
' war, without reference to the title by which those
( possessions were acquired, or to the mode in which
1 their boundaries had been previously fixed. In point
' of fact, the United States had before acquired posses-
s sion of territories asserted to depend on other titles
' than those winch Great Britain could confer."
Again he says: " It is justly stated bv the Amer-
' ican Minister that the United States did not need
' a new grant of the boundary line. The war did
' notarise out of a contested boundary*, and Great
{ Britain, therefore, by the act of treating with the
' United States, recognised that nation in its former
4 dimensions, excepting so far as the jus belli had
* interfered with them; and it was the object of the
4 treaty of Ghent to cede such rights to temtory as
* the jus belli had conferred."
These remarks being applied to the condition of
the question concerning the territory of Oregon,
in councxion with the first article of the tieaty of
Ghent, will be seen to have a peculiar and power-
ful force.
The jus belli had given to Great Britain the
American settlement of Astoiia at the mouth of the
Columbia river—the symbol of our sovereignty
and title there—the possession of which had been
acquired previously, and rested on " other titles
than Lhose which Great Britain could confei."
The mmn object of the treaty of Ghent was '' the
mutual restoration of all tenitory taken by either
party from the other during the war."
The United States claimed title to the whole ter-
ritory in virtue of discovery, explmation, and set-
tlement; and ''without reference to the title by
which it was acquned," they reverted to the right
as it existed before the war." Before the war, they
had exclusive possession of the territory of Oregon
—of a part in the name of the whole. By the war
we lost it; and by the unconditional surrenihr of
this part on the, 0th of October, I^IH, w iihout any
reservation wlmvever, we were from that moment
again in the exclusive possession, and became sov-
ereigns dejacto, if not de jure, of the whole country
claimed; the Ihitish Government, through their
authorized functionary, admitting, "m the most
ample extent, our right to be reinstated, and to be
the party in possession while treating of the title."
This light of possession we now, and from
thence, have wholly enjoyed, and we cannot be
deprived of the right, except by force, or by a vol-
untary cession on our part. Tfa\ing thus our
sovereignly acknowledged, fourteen days after the
restoration of Astoria, on the 20th of October,
1818, without any equivalent whatever, unless the
concessions in the hrst aitiele of the c.on\ention of
that date were intended by the high contracting
parties as an equivalent, we agrml with Great
Britain that tins territory " .shall, togethei w ith its
i harbors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of
1 all rivers within the same, be, fiec and open for
' the term of ten years from the date of the signa-
i ture of the present convention, to the vessels,
£ citizens, and subjects of the two Powers; it being
' well understood that this agreement is not to he
' construed to the prejudice of any claim which
' either of the (wo liii h contracting parties may
' have to any part of the said country, nor shall it
' be taken to alleet the claims of any other Power
1 or State to any part of the said country; the only
' object of the high contracting paities, in that re-
'spect, being to prevent disputes and differences
" among themselves."
This convention, it will be perceived, admits no
claim on the part of Great, Britain to a foot of ter-
ritory there; and it was rendered necessary and
was executed for the sole leason, as the history of
that time shows, that British tradeis were in the
country in great numbers, enriching themselves
from its wild productions, with whom our own
citizens, allured by the same object, might come in
collision, from which angry disputes and national
|j difficulties might ensue. It was deemed politic to
!! license this use of the country for ten years, as it
ii ,was not then needed for any national purpose, or
;i expected at that day ever to become an important
!; appendage to our Union. The ten years being
about to" expire,the term was indefinitely extended
by the convention of the 6th of August, 1827,
which we now seek to abrogate; and when abro-
gated we are, for the third time, in the exclusive
possession of the country as its legitimate sover-
eign, a trespass upon which, wilfully and by force,
by any other Power, will be an act of war, and
must be so considered*, and a continuance m the
country of the subjects of any foreign Power, un-
less they submit to our laws and jurisdiction, could
not be tolerated.
If it was necessary, in the nascent state of the
Atlantic colonies, for Great Britain to assert, and
promote, and establish by force of arms, and by
arguments from the cannon's mouth, the principle
of continuity to the Pacific; how much more ne-
cessary is it, in this age, with all the improvements
in mechanical philosophy and the arts, by which
space is annihilated and distance reckoned, not by
miles, but by minutes, and with our teeming mil-
lions on the vast plains of the West in search of
the Pacific, thousands of whom have gone to set-
tle upon its shores and upon the fertile banks of
Us rivers, that the full benefit of this principle of
British law should be claimed by us, and we be as
ready to contend for it, even unto war, as she was
with our aid against France. And when it shall
be filled with our people, as it promises soon to be,
no apprehensions of any foreign intruder or tres-
passer, under what flag soever he may make his
entrance, need be entertained.
Relying on the principles of international law
taught the American colonies on the heights of
Abraham and on Braddock's field, Great Britain
cannot complain if we urge them now as against
her who originated them, and gave them efficacy.
By that law which she is estopped from denying,
the territory of Oregon to the Russian line is the
sole and exclusive property of the United States,
subject alone to the possessory title of the Indians
within it. We are the party in possession of it as
against Great Britain, and rightfully, by her own
acknowledgment, from which we cannot he driven
except by conquest or by cession. The first is im-
possible, and the last, it is hoped, will be averted
by the prudence, sagacity, and firmness of our
Counsels.
Considering Jts contiguity to our western settle-
ments, and as the only vent westward for the vast,
surplus of the, rich lands of the Mississippi basin
to the shores of Asia, and its accessibility by rail-
road from the Atlantic States, bringing them also
in close proximity to the same great markets, and
considering that our Republic opens her public
lands to the over-populated countries of Europe,
and offers to all cheap fee-simple farms and the full
enjoyment of our free institutions, she desires Ore-
gon from no selfish or ambitious views, nor in a
craving spirit of mere territorial aggrandizement,
but in order to extend more widely the area of hu-
man freedom, and the means of human happiness,
as an extension of that theatre in which God, in
j his providence, intends to work out. that high des-
! tiny he has assigned, m his own good time, for the
| whole human race.
j By giving this notice, it does not prevent nego-
! Nation, but will stimulate the parties to settle their
differences. There are many things to negotiate
about; many important questions and interests,
which are fit subjects of negotiation; and one of
these is the rights of the Hudson Bay Company;
and I believe the principal part of the difficulty
; with Great Britain is the obligations she is under
j to that company. She renewed their charter in
1828, stipulating on the colonization of that coun-
try. Now, it would be proper for Great Britain
to negotiate on all these matters, and perhaps it
! would be proper to pay this company something
! for their outlays there, and give them the us^ of
I the Columbia river to take their effects away from
! the country, and to facilitate the winding up of their
| affairs. As far as that is concerned, 1 hope ncgo-
t tiations will go on; but if for the purpose of giving
i up any portion of the country, 1 am opposed to it.
It is certain we cannot arbitrate the question, al-
though there are some—among others, the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky—who say that they
would like to witness this matter presented to the
arbitration of a board of distinguished civilians. I
slioxild be much opposed to this; I could not con-
sent to refer the right of the United States to any
power upon earth in any form. But it is not ne-
cessary to say anything about it, as it has been re-
jected by the Government. There is no wish on
the part of tins Government, and there is none on
