446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mine, to refer this dispute to crowned heads or to
Civilians; and there is one fatal objection against
arbitration, which, in the absence of all others is
sufficiently strong to condemn it, that is, you can-
not compel parties to abide by the decision In-
stead of settling and simplifying the question, it
would be likely to render it more complicated than
before; nor could we hare a knowledge of the par-
ties to whom this great question would be refer-
red; and it is perfectly fair to suppose that the
whole subject might be referred, on the part of the
British Government, to one of their Secretaries.
Arbitration is desirable, practicable, and just fre-
quently between individuals, but it is alto°-ether
different with nations. In the arbitration of the
King of the Netherlands how did he act3 Instead
of attending to the terms prescribed, and of fol-
lowing the boundary, he departed from it, and as-
sumed powers not at all conferred upon him. But
I now will read an extract, to show the opinion of
our Secretary of State, in 1818, of the expediency
of arbitration:
, l< The expediency of submitting: a question of
4 territorial right and of boundary in agitation bc-
4 tween two nations to the decision of a third party
1 is unusual, if not entirely new."
Mr. B. read another extract from the instruc-
tions, and added: This was the language of the
then Secretary of State, Mr. Adams, and he was
right. Such questions ought not to be submitted
to foreign Princes, because there is no power to
compel an acquiescence in their award, and because
a refusal might lead to that state of hostilities
which it was the object of the arbitration to avoid.
This mode, then, being out of the question, some
other must be thought of. Here he would take
occasion to refer to the phraseology of the British
Minister, in his letter proposing the arbitration,
the rejection of which has been so freely censured.
Mr. B. then read an extract, for the purpose of
showing that there was no distinct proposition to
refer the question of title. He merely asks if the
United States would be willing to receive such a
proposition if Great Britain should not object to it.
Such a proposition ought not to have been met by
a specific reply, as if it had been a definite proposi-
tion.
We do not want any division of this country at
all. I, for one, am instructed—and feel pleasure
in acting on these instructions—not to assent by my
vote to any arrangement by which any portion of
this territory shall be ceded. I will negotiate in
regard to all other matters growing out of this
question, and shall he disposed to be liberal. I am
willing to allow the Hudson Bay Company certain
advantages for a limited period. I would do no
injustice; and in looking back to our past history,
I believe the greatest enemy of republican princi-
ples cannot put his finger on a single act of national
injustice. It may be said to be the glory of the
American name, that not a single act can be point-
ed out by the most violent enemy, calculated to ,
stamp injustice on the national character. We j
have never done injustice. We have always sought 1
to do justice, and in our national conduct, to carry j
out the golden maxim—" Do unto others as ye i
would they should do unto you." Our reputation j
is pure and unspotted. I wish to do nothing bor- I
dering on the confines of injustice. If the Hudson !
Bay Company have impuitaut interests theie—and j
that they have, I am free to admit—and the British '
Government are responsible for any injury which j
may result to them in consequence of any dUposi- '
Uon of the country which they may make: and if, [
in order to carry on their trade and settle their af- ;
fairs, they desire the use of the river, I would con- !
cede it to them most cordially. I would afford >
them every facility of closing up their affairs, and 1
leaving the country to our exclusive jurisdiction. ,
But to no division of the country could I ever as- 1
feat. We all recollect that memorable display of ,
the wisdom of Solomon, in the case of the child '
claimed by two mothers, and also the display of
true parental affection on the same occasion. The i
true friends of Oregon never can consent to anv '
division of the territory either by the Columbia
nyer or by the 49th parallel. I am sorry, as a ;
friend of the Executive, that he felt bound to offer
that proposition, and I think the error on his part j
consisted in this: that he did not consider it an en- j
tirely new question, so far as he and his Adminis- 1
tration were concerned.- So far as he was con- j
cerned, it was an entirely new question. And I
why? At the convention which assembled for the i
March 2,
purpose of nominating a President and Vice Pres-
ident, Mr. Butler of New York offered the follow-
ing resolution:
^ Resolved, That our title to the whole of the ter-
' ritory of Oregon is clear and unquestionable; that
4 no nortion of the same ought to be ceded to Eng-
' land or any other Power; and that the reoccupa-
' tion of Oregon, and the reannexation of Texas at
' the earliest practicable period, are great American
i measures, which this convention recommends to
' the cordial support of the Democracy of the
' Union."
Now, on that we went before the country. The
present Executive was the candidate of the party
that avowed this right and title to the whole of the
territory of Oregon. That party succeeded.
"Oregon" was the watchword throughout the whole
country. It was not confined to the West, or
Southwest;butinthe northern, middle,and through-
out all the States, it was the rallying cry. "Ore-
gon5'and "Texas,1' were one and undivided. The
Executive was elected on that. How has he re-
deemed his pledge ? He says in his Inaugural Ad-
dress:
" Nor will it become in a less degree my duty to
' assert and maintain, by all constitutional means,
' the right of the United States to that portion of
4 our territory which lies beyond the Rocky moun-
4 tains. Our title to the country of the Oregon is
{ ( clear and unquestionable,9 and already are our
' people preparing to perfect that title, by occupy-
' ing it, with their wives and children."
Such was his explicit and frank avowal, in ac-
cordance with the judgment of the whole country.
Individuals favorable to that proposition at the Bal-
timore convention had been elected by a large ma-
jority, and so it became, in my opinion, as far as
the Administration was concerned, an entirely new
question. Jt never had been before an element in
any political controversy, and for the first time en-
tered as such into the contest of 184-1; and the Pre-
sident in his inaugural states that, in his opinion,
our title " is clear and unquestionable." And he
does not depart from that in his Message delivered
to Congress at the commencement of the present
session. But he says that if it had been a new
question he would not have submitted the propo-
sition. Again I say that I regret that he took that
view and offered a proposition calculated to embai-
rass his fucnds in different parts of the country
who had blamed his predecessors for making that
offer. And I think it would have been better if
the Secretary of State had not met the British Com-
missioner in that spirit of compromise. They set
down with a view of dividing the country—with a
view of making a compromise. I think it would
have been a great deal better to have driven from
the mind of the British Commissioner all idea of a
compromise which might result in the cession of
any portion of the country. But the proposition
was made and was withdrawn. The Message savs:
*' Had this been anew question coming under dis-
4 cussion for the first time, this proposition would
' not have been made. The extraordinary and
4 wholly inadmissible demands of the British Gov-
' emment, and the rejection of the proposition
{ made in deference alone to what had been done
' by my predecessors, and the implied obligation
' which their acts seemed to impose, afford satis-
' factory evidence that no compromise which the
' United States ought to accept, can be effected.
' With this conviction, the proposition of compro-
£ mise which had been made and rejected, was by
' mv direction subsequently withdrawn, and our
' title to the whole Oregon territory asserted, and,
4 as is believed, maintained by irrefragable facts
' and arguments." The President then goes on to
recommend that the notice be given. This ought
first to be carried into effect. 1 hope it will be
carried by the unanimous vote of the Senate. I
should rejoice to see entire union on this question.
In cases of this kind there ought to be no such
thing as party. Party is not an element of the
controversy. This question was in 1844 a party
clement. But it is not now. It was not in the other
House, as the vote by which the resolution now
before us was passed shows. Party lines were not
drawn. Not at all. We should know no party in
this case; and so far we have not. The Presi-
dent says: " At the end of the year's notice, should
4 Congress think proper to make provision for
4 giving that notice, we shall have reached a period
' when the national rights in Oregon must either be
4 abandoned or firmly maintained. The British
* proposition of compromise which would make
* the Columbia the line south of 49°, with the tri-
* fling addition of detached territory to the United
' States north of that river, and would leave on the
* British side two-thirds of the whole Oregon terri-
' tory, including the free navigation of the Colum-
< bia, and all the valuable harbors on the Pacific,
' can never for a moment be entertained by the
* United States, without an abandonment of their
'just and" clear territorial rights, their own self-
respect, and the national honor." I am pretty
well satisfied, therefore, that even if negotiations
were entered into, as proposed in the resolutions
offered by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Col-
quitt,] which I consider highly objectionable, they
could not be productive of any bad result, because
the Piesident thus stands committed to the work
of watching them with vigilance, so as to preserve
unsullied the national honor. Unless the British
come back to us with the proposition we have sub-
mitted, no sort of danger can arise, whatever form
the resolution may take.
The question comes down to this: Are our
rights to be maintained or not? The question is,
if the notice be given, what state of things will
follow? If the subjects of any foreign Sower
would then force themselves into the territory, or
forcibly attempt to remain in a state of rebellion to
our laws, that would be considered an act of war j
and if the British subjects remain in the country
without submitting to our laws, they would be
trespassers; they would become—notwithstanding
their refusal to submit—by the fact of our being in
possession of the country necessarily subject to
our laws, as they are now in every part of the
United States. That would be their condition.
We would hold the undisputed sovereignty of the
whole country, and that we could maintain it, is
certain. No apprehension on that point need be
entertained. If this notice be given, and those
measures recommended by the President be car-
ried out, there will be no sort of danger about our
being able to maintain our rights. Any violent
act of the British Government against us there,
under that state of things, would be an act of war.
Any encroachment on our rights would amount to
that; for we have the admission of Great Britain
herself that we have a right to the possession of
the country. She cannot gainsay that treaty. She
cannot abridge it. She has no right, by chartered
companies or otherwise, to interfere with our ex-
clusive possession. I cannot believe that, with
so clear a title to this country by the admission of
Great Britain herself, and upon the principles
which she hasherselfestablishea,anyportion ofthis
country will ever assent to a division of that ter-
ritory. The common judgment of the country
has given its assent to the declaration that our title
" is clear and unquestionable;" All we have to do
is, to pursue the path of duty and honor, and let
consequences take care of themselves. After all we
have said and done, it would be derogatory to our
character in the extreme to recede a single inch from
the pretensions we have set up, fortified, as they
have been, by the various arguments which have
been so forcibly put and sustained. But it is said
that Great Britain will not recede* That is the
opinion of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
I think history proves that in almost every case
in which England has interposed objections to the
policy of the United States, and we have been firm,
and manifested a disposition to resist her claim,
she has receded. In regard to the acquisition of
Louisiana, did she not object? She was then at
war with France, and might have taken that coun-
try; but in the meantime France ceded it to us.
Great Britain violently protested. But we pur-
, sued the even tenor of our way, kept our object
| steadily in view, consummated it; and what was
j the result5 So with regard to the proceedings
I with Spain in relation to Florida. Hundreds of
I thousands of dollais were voted to the discretion-
lj ary use of the President; Great Britain accused us
ij of territorial aggrandizement—protested against
ij the measure. We pursued our course of policy,
j and Great Britain prudently ceased to complain,
i And even in regard to this surrender of Astoria,
'] to which I have referred, she raised objections,
[I and interposed difficulties; but the restoration
l| was effected, accompanied by the memorable dec-
j laration of Lord Castlereagh, that the United
ij States had a right to be the party in possession
!j while the question of title was under discus-
*1 sion.
