THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1846.
New Series....^Yo. 29.
Mr. DOBBIN then took the floor, and spoke in
defence of the report which he had submitted from
the majority of the committee, (yielding the floor,
for inquiry, to Mr. J1.EAKE and Mr. S. JONES.)
[Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report; and Mr. McDOW-
ELL, on leave given, -withdrew certain papers
from the files of the House.]
Mr. CHIPMAN, afler replying to some of tlie
remarks of Mr. Harper, proceeded to vindicate
the report of the minority.
He had not concluded when he yielded to a mo-
tion that the House adjourn—
Which prevailing, tlie House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 3, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
following information in relation to the maritime
power of each o?the nations of the world:
[The report, among other items of information,
®hows that Great Britain has (exclusive of 14 sail-
ing vessels and 29 steamers in the Indian navy, 26
contract mail-steamers, under control of Govern-
ment, and 72 revenue cutters—total, 134 vessels,
carrying 310 guns) in commission, 371 vessels,
carrying 4,718 guns; building and in ordinary, 300
vessels, mounting 15,054 guns; total, 671 vessels,
mounting 17,772 guns; manned by 40,000 men; of
which vessels, 121 are steamers.
France has in commission 187 vessels; carrying
4,357 guns; building and ordinary, 12!) vessels,
and 4,625 guns; total, 316 vessels, 8,782 £uus;
manned by 27,554 men; of which vessels, 37 are
steamers.
Russia has, (exclusive of the Caspian licet,)
combining those in commission, building, ordina-
ry, &c., 179 vessels, 5,976 guns, manned by 59,000
men, of which vessels, 6 arc steamers.
The United States have m commission 47 ves-
sels, and 1,155 guns; building and ill ordinary, &c„,
30 vessels, and 1,190 guns; total 77 vessels, (of
which 5 are war-steamers,) and 2,345 guns, man-
ned by 8,724 men. This is exclusive of the. United
States revenue vessels, consisting of 13 sailing ves-
sels, total tonnage, 1,443; eight steam vessels, total
tonnage, 3,110—the whole mounting 61 guns, and
manned by 769 men.
Turkey has in commission 31 vessels and 1,520
guns; building and in ordinary, 12 vessels, mount-
ing 692 guns; total, 43 vessels, (of which 3 arc
steamers,) and 3,212 guns; number of men un-
known. '
Egypt has in commission 35 vessels, and 1,448
guns; building and iu ordinary, &c., 3 vessels (of
which one is a steamer,) and 312 guns; totnl 38
vessels, and 1,760 guns; number of men unknown.
Holland has in commission 48 vessels, and 308
guns; building, in ordinary, &c.,86 vessels, and
1,344 guns; total 134 vessels, (of which 4 are
steamers,) and 1,652 guns; number of men un-
known.
Sweden has in commission 330 vessels, and 660
guns; building, in ordinary, &c., 50 vessels, and
1,194 guns; total 380 vessels, (of which 2 arc
steamers,) 1,854 guns; number of men unknown.
Denmark has in commission 96 vessels, mount-
ing 344 guns; building, in ordinary, &c., 12 ves-
sels and 732 guns; total 108 vessels, and 1,076
guns; number of men unknown.
Austria has in commission 74 vessels, and 686
guns; number of men unknown.
Brazil has in commission 31 vessels, and 450
funs; building, in ordinary, &c., H vessels, and
25 guns; toteil 42 vessels, and 775 guns; number
of men unknown.
Sardinia has in commission 11 vessels, and 926
guns; building, and in ordinary, 4 vessels, and 220
guns; total 15 vessels, (of which 2 are steamers,)
and 446 guns; number of men unknown.
The Two Sicilies have in commission 17 vessels,
mounting 338 guns; number of men unknown.
Spain has in commission 21 vessels, and 348
guns; 4 of which vessels are steamers.
29
Portugal has in commission 59 vessels, and 225
guns, manned by 4,500 men.
Mexico has m commission 23 vessels and 42
guns.
Although the whole naval force of Austria, the
Two Sicilies, and Portugal, have been stated as
being in commission, the report says, " It is prob-
able that a portion of it is in 4 ordinary,' but it is
not known what portion." These nations have a
few war-steamers, but the number is not known.}
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON remarked that this re-
port had been made in answer to a resolution sub-
mitted by him, and as he supposed that it con-
tained important and interesting .statistics, he mov-
ed that the said report be printed, and that 5,000
extra copies be printed for the use of the Senate;
also, that the «aid report he referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; which motions were
agreed to.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed an act, entitled An act for the relief of
Charles W. Bingley; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was asked.]
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of Nathan
Haskott, praying reimbursement of a forfeiture
paid by him as a reeogmsor tor an absconding
criminal, who was afterwards taken and tried for
the same offence; which was refened to the Com-
mitti-n on the ^udu-iai v.
Mr. C\MM!i()N' presented the petition of Wil-
liam B. Foster, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing compensation for his services, and remunera-
tion for bis losses, in negotiating a loan to enable
him to purchase neeess try supplies for United
States troops; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of ('{aims.
Mr. SKVIER presented the petition of citizens
of Aikansas, praying that the compensation allow-
ed to surveyors of the public lands in that. State
may be increased; vh'ch wan referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUKHSF, presented the petition op citizens
of fllinois, praying the improvement of the Des
Moines and Rock River rapids of the Upper Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. B. remarked that this matter had been con-
sidered by Congress heretofore, and a survey of
tho rapids had been made, which shows that the
improvement requested, and which is one of much
importance, is not only feasible but easy, and will
cost but little. He moved that the petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted a joint resolution pass-
ed by the Legislature of the State of Indiana, in
favor of a grant to that State, for the use of com-
mon schools, of the unappropriated public lands
therein; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a joint resolution passed by the above
body, in favor of a reduction of the price of the
public lands according to the length of time that
they have been in the market; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a joint resolution in favor of an alteration
of the pre-emption laws in favor of actual settlers
on the public lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. B. also presented a joint resolution passed
by the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the Buffalo
and Mississippi railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post OiFice and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Thomas
Brownell, praying the renewal of his pension;
which was referred to th<* Committee on Naval
A/Fairs.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of the heirs of
Daniel D. Tompkins, deceased, praying the pay-
ment of interest on the sum due him. for his ser-
vices in the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judicial-}.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution; which lies over:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of any correspondence that may have taken place
between the authorities of the United States and
those of Great Britain, since the last documents
transmitted m relation to the subject of the Oregon
territory, or of so much thereof as may be commu-
nicated without detriment to the public interest.
Mr. SEMPLK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of relinquishing to the States of Indiana and Illi-
nois all that part of the national road within their
limits; and of gianting to said States a quantity of
the public lands which may be adequate to the com-
pletion of said road to the Mississippi river; and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. H. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of
War of the 27th instant, together with the accom-
panying documents containing the information call-
ed for, with respect to the works proposed to be
erected at Ptoctor's Landing, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; and that the said
committee b« instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of making an appropriation for the con-
striction of a fortification at Proctor's Landing, on
Lake Borgne, Louisiana.
Mr. BAG BY, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of John
C. Whitsett; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, together with the report of the Secretary
of War on the subject.
Mr. SKVIftll, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, rep.u-ted d bill for the relief of William.
A. Slacum, winch was read, and the accompany-
ing report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEAlvCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution for subscription
for Gordon's Indices: which was read, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of Peter Gorman; which was read^ and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and tho Patent Office, reported a bill to extend
the patent of P. Bancroft Woodcock, for an im-
provement in the plough; which was read.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on INa-
val Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the
memorial of Samuel H. Thompson.
Mr. NILES moved that 3,000 copies of the re-
] ort submitted yesterday, together with certain
documents in relation to a post-route to Oregon, be
printed for the use of the Senate; but gave way
to a motion by-
Mr. CALHOUN, that the subject be referred to
the Committee on Printing; \\ hich motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to postpone the prior or-
ders of the day, in order to take from the table the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary on the
petition of Caleb Greene; which motion was agreed
to.
Mr. B. moved that said report be recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to postpone the prior or-
ders of the day, and take up the Senate " bill in
relation to seamen's wages;" which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. A. then moved that said bill be recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary; which motion
was also agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the previous orders
of the day be postponed, in order to take from the
tabie the petition of Asa Andrews ; which motion
was agreed to; and said petition was then, on
motion of Mr. W., referred to the Committee of
Claim*.
