450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3-,
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution submitted yesterday by Mr, Dayton*
calling upon the President of the United States for
information whether,m his opinion, the naval force
of the United States should be increased, and if
so, what weie the indications winch governed that
optniun.
Air. SEVIER, hoped that the Senator would al-
low it to lay over for a few days.
Mr. DAlfTON. 1 have no objection whatever.
The resolution, therefore, lies over.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee on Pensions, on
the petition of William Pernioyer; which report j
was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Samuel Simpson;
which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, on the petition of William
Shippcn; which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on 1
Revolutionary Claims, on the petition of the ad* ;
mimstrators of Thomas Jett, deceased. ]
Mr. PHELPS stated that additional evidence in :
relation to the claim of the above petitioners had |
been furnished, and he therefore moved that the i
report be recommitted; which motion was agreed !
to. i
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS. ' j
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to apply certain alternate sections of the public j
domain, for the completion of works of internal j
improvement in the State of Michigan; when i
Mr. WOODBR1DGE remarked that be was J
anxious to bring this subject to a close at the ear- ;
hest moment; but as the special oider of the djy ■
had already twice interrupted him in his rcnuukw j
upon the said bill, and as the hour when the dia- •
eussion of the special oider ivould ng.un be re- !
sumed was near at hand, he would move that the
prior order be postponed, and that the Senate pro- i
ceed to the consideration of the special oider of the
day; which motion "was agreed to.
OREGON THE NOTICE.
The Senate then proceeded, as m committee of .
the whole, to the consideration of the special or- \
der of the dav—the joint resolution giving notice j
of the termination of the convention of 1827 with |
Great Britain for the joint occupancy of Oregon. !
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate. He said: j
Involved in the general question before the Semite |!
which gives notice to Great Britain of the ternii- !j
nation of the convention for the joint occupancy of
Oregon, there arc sundry propositions. These \\
propositions, however, m their general aspects,
may be divided into two kinds: first, such as re- j
quire a simple unqualified notice, or what is (an- |i
tamount to it; secondly, such as aie qualified in !;
their charactcr, indicating upon their fare the i,
peaceful spirit and intent with which the notice is j
to be given. There are other propositions of dif- j'
ferent shades, but varying so slio-htly m then* gen- !
eral character and ospeet as to present, in mv mind 1
little ground of difference. I avail myself, Mr. j
President, of this condition of the question, with j'
the view of making some general remarks. In
doing so, I cannot but feel that there is no precise ■;
point before the Senate for discussion. 1 cannot !-
but feel, too, that there does not seem to be anv .
precise principle for debute. The debate m this ]
chamber opened with generalities, and 1 fear it is n
to end very much in the same way. Were I as '
anxious for " all Oregon," as some of our friends
on the other side of the chamber appear to be, I i
should certainly make some precise point for dis- j
eussion. I would make the point whether there ;
should he any notice" at all. I would insist j
that things remain exactly as they are. I would '
meet Great Britain by a practical adoption of her j
doctrine; that title to this country can be acquired !
only by occupancy. That, sir, has been her po- ;
sition from the beginning. She has feared from i
the beginning that this country would complete j
its title in that way. When the convention of !
1818 was about to be renewed in 1S27, she oh- I
jected to that renewal, and placed herself upon the j
ground that it was dangerous for her to enter into j
it—we claiming an absolute right, she only the j
right of keeping the country open. She insisted I
on entering a protest against this country exercis-
ing any exclusive jurisdiction. She yielded, but
yielded reluctantly. It has, as I before said, been
her fear from the beginning that we would com-
plete our title to that country in this mode, which
she recognises as available. Here is a "wide en-
trenchment—extended works if you please. The
enemy admits that we have aright to enter—ad-
mits that they are open—admits that if we occupy
to em, we have a ri<i'ht to hold them—our means
of effecting an entrance are more than one hun-
dred to one; and yet, with this manifest advantage
in our favor, we waive our position, and, with a
kind of reckless impetuous gallantry, endeavor to i
carry the works by assault.
repeat it, it seems to me that those gentlemen
who arc so desirous of all Oregon are hazarding
• j then- object by pressing the matter to a crisis at
, the present pomt. Were I as anxious as they, 1
; | would stand as the country now stands, and de-
i pend upon time and emigration for the purpose of
|j completing our title. I would take the hazard of
;j collision with the retainers of the Hudson Bav
II Company—a hazard, I assure you, much less to
j be apprehended than some gentlemen, here and
i elsewhere, appear to imagine", i have not those
! melancholy forebodings which seem to cloud the
! mmds of some gentlemen. I recollect well that,
j upon the discussion of this question some two or
j three years ago, we were then told in the same
i tone, upon this floor, that soon the crack of the
1 rifle would be hoard beyond the mountains—that
I soon "the mighty West would be mounting on
] horseback." The crack of that rifle lias not yet "been
, heard, andthemighty West remains at home, quiet
j and peaceful as usual. Were I as anxious, as I
i bofore_ said, I would bear for awhile the chances
of collision;) would tolerate this " unnatural dou-
; ble-hcaded Government," to which certain Sena-
tors ha\e alluded. The convention which placed
; things in this condition is vituperated as wrong in
principle. All I ha\e to say is, that that conven-
tion wos endorsed in its origin, submitted to, and
; renewed, by the unanimous vote of the American
Senate. But the state of society thus induced, the
Senator from AJjssouri [MY. Brvtok"] says, is an
unnatural one: that even the patriarchs could not
; hve so together. .There is pomt in the expression,
| and perhaps in the sentiment; hut have we arrived
; at. the point ot patriarchal separation? Do our
1 flocks and herds co\er the whole land? Ts there
i strife between our herdsmen? If so, the example
! of the patuaichs will hardly help us to "all'of
j Oregon.'1 " Let there be no strife between us, for
k we be brethren. Is not the whole land before us?
! < Choose for thyself, then, I pray thee, so that if
S ' thou £0 to (he left hand, I will depart to the right;
, 4 and if thou go to the ri<rht hand, 1 will go to the
J ' left." Such was the patriarchal principle. They
, divided thecountry. Whatever claim we may have
to Oiegon by the book of Genesis, we are not like-
ly to settie it upon the principles, and according to
the example of Abraham.
But I was speaking of the chances of col-
lision. By all accounts, whatever may have been
the history of the past, the retainers of the Hud-
son Bay Company and our people arc living in
a state of p;eneial nmify and peace, on terms of
good neighborhood. A"n allusion was made by
' the Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] to some-
1 thing which indicated an act of British aggression,
| •'True,"' he said, "Great Biitam disclaimed all
• ' intention of extending her laws over Ameiican
, ' citizens; but if Senatois would look at the docu-
< incuts accompanying the President's Message,
; ' they would find that the Hudson Bay Company
j v had* a more summary process of getting rid of the
' intei ferencc of American citizens, who attempted
: 4 to settle on the noith bank of the Columbia. Our
' people were exempt IVom the operation of British
4 law, but not from those proceedings which, witli-
' out the form of law, effectually accomplish the
' object m view." I confess,from the general for-
; bearance which characterised that Senator's whole
argument, I supposed he was alluding to some pal-
pable act of Bntish aggression upon our rights in
: that territory; and although the reference was to
| the President's documents generally, 1 took occa-
■ sion to ascertain what it -\\ as precisely ; and I will
i turn the attention of the Senate of the country to
it. It will, I think, answer the Senator's argu-
I ment. I read from the documents accompanying
| the President's Message, an extract from tne letter
j of Elijah White, styling himself Indian agent be-
; yond the Rocky mountains :
<l Two young men, named in McLaughlin's communica-
tion to this Government, (a copy of which, marked A, to-
gether with a leply, accompanies these despatches,) cross-
ed the Columbia river, and, unobserved, in the midst of a
little thicket something over half a mile from Fort Vancou-
ver felled some timber—threw up a few logs in the shape
of a hut, intending soon to finish it—put up a paper upon a
contiguous tree? stating that they had commenced, and in-
tended to establish, a claim agreeably with—— here the
note ended. Some one about the establishment, observing
the paper and commencement of the hut, reported it to the
Governor, who sent down at once and had all the Umbers
removed from the vicinity, the tree felled, and that, with
the paper likewise, removed. They had hardly cleared the '
ground when the claimants arrived with a surveyor, and
commenced surveying off a section of land, embracing the
spot lirst commenced upon. They were inquired of, at the
instance of Governor McLaughlin, as to their object and
intentions. They at once laid down the chain, dropped all
business, and walked up to the fort. Several respectable
and influential American citizens happened to bepresentou
business, who, with myself were respectfully invited to
hear the discussion.
Williamson, a modest and respectable young man, de-
meaned himself with propriety; but Alderman, his associ-
ate, an insolent, boisteious, hair-brained .scape-gallows,
caused me (as occasionally others do) to blu^h for Ameri-
can honor. His language was most; insufferable, and, but
for the sake of the country's quiet, could not have been en-
dured; the Governor and Mr. Douglass [that was the British
ofhcerj displaying their usual calmness and forbearance."
Then there was an appeal to the citizens of Ore-
gon by McLaughlin and Douglass. They say:
" To the citizens of Oregon :
"Gentlemen: \Ve take the libeity of informing "you that
a person named e Henry Williamson,' sometime about the
15th of Febmary, this year, took the liberty of erecting, on
the premises of the Hudson Bay Company, a few logs, in the
form of a hut, and wrote a notice upon an adjoining tree
that he had taken a section of land there. This was done
without our knowledge or consent, within a few hundred
yards of a house occupied by one of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany's serviiuts, and within the limits of then-improvements.
As soon as we were infonned of that proceeding, we had
the tree cut down, and the logs removed, in order to pre-
vent any future difficulty with the person who had, in a
manner so unjustifiable, intruded on the Hudson Bay Com-
pany's premises."
* ' -v * * * * *
"Permit us to assure you, gentlemen, that it is our ear-
nest wish to maintain a aood understanding, and to live on
fnendlv terms with eveiv person m the country. We en-
teiiam the highest re?jHjct for the provisional organization;
and knowing the good it has effected, as well as the evil it
has prevented, we wish it every success, and hope, as we
desire, to continue tr> h\c in the exercise and interchange
of good offices with the frainers of Unit useful institution."
They also dropped a note to the Executive Com-
mittee of the Provisional Government of Oregon,
statin* some of the circumstances of the case.
Here is a portion of the answer to that note:
" We regret to hear that unwarranted liberties have been
taken by an American citizen upon the Hudson Bay Com-
pany's* premises; and it affords us great pleasure to learn
that the offender, after due reflection^ desisted from the in-
solent and rash measuie.
"As American citizens, we beg leave to offer you and
your much esteemed colleague our.mpst grateful thanks for
the kind and candid manner in which you have treated this
matter, as we are aware that an infringement on the rights
of the Hudson Bay Company in this country, by an Ameri-
can citizen, is a breach of the laws of the United States,
by petting at naught her most solemn treaties with Great
Britain.
"A lepresentatives of the citizens of Oregon, we beg
your acceptance of our sincere acknowledgments of the
obligations we arc under to yourself and your honorable
associate for the hish regard yon have manifested for the
authorities of our Provisional Government, and the special
anxiety you have ever shown for our peace and prosperity."
That was the answer of the citizens of Oregon
themselves, through their executive committee,
touching this alleged aggression upon the part of
the Hudson Bay Company. It is obvious the
company were doing nothing which they had not
a perfect right to do: they were occupying no more
land than they were entitled to under the treaty
I and for present purposes—a right which our citi-
i zens are exercising there in a very latitudinarian
| way, although I do not complain of it. By refer-
i ence to these documents, you will find that the
j land laws of this provisional government of Ore-
j gon—they have a system of enactments there; I
; hold them in my hand—give to every man over
! eighteen venrs of age the selection and occupancy
of six hundred and forty acres of land; yes, six
hundred and forty acres to a man—every one over
eighteen years of age. I do not complain of this;
but when one of these men comes and squats him-
self m the back door of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, and says he must settle there, I think it does
not become us to complain of any infringement of
, our rights. In a debate of this character, it is only
common justice that the officers of the Hudson s
Bay Company, to whose hospitality and kindness
"White and many of our citizens and agents have
testified, should have fair play when they cannot
be otherwise represented. I say, therefore, that,
