1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
had I the same exceeding anxiety for "all Ore-
gon" that seems to oppress the spirits of our
friends on the other side of the chamber, I would
take the chance of collision. There is nothing at
present indicative of immediate or probable col-
lision, and years must elapse before collision takes
place. But if they propose bringing this matter to
a termination now, I have no objection; and I de-
sire, following the argument of my friend from Il-
linois, [Mr. Breese,] to call the attention of the
Senate and the country to the negotiations, the
correspondence, the mode in which our agents
have endeavored to effect these objects. In doing
this, Mr. President, I trust that I shall manifest
no asperity of sentiment—no unkindness of feel-
ing. On this subject 1 have no acerbity of feeling;.
On a question affecting our foreign relations, I
know no persons—I know no party. But this
correspondence has been sent here—spread before
the country—sent into the other House at a time
when, owing to the state of the discussion, little
could be said upon it there; little has been said
upon it here, except in the way of eulogy. It is
here for discussion; and if I am to speak of it at
all, I must speak of it as I think. And upon that
correspondence—the late correspondence I mean—
I take it upon myself to say, that, in my judgment,
the moral sense of the civilized toorld will be against
tis—that, upon that correspondence, no Christian na-
tion at this day can hold up Us head in the great family
of nations.
What, in brief, is the history of this matter? I
need not refer to Mr. Polk's often repeated inau-
gural assertion—" title clear and unquestionable."
Then comes his Messages offering to divide upon
the parallel of 49°, in deference to the opinions of
his predecessors, The British negotiator refuses
that, because it does not include the navigation of
the Columbia, which had been offered before.
Then comes in our negotiator, and makes his argu-
ment for 54°40', and m the same paper withdraws
his previous offer of 49°—an offer, which, it ought
not to be forgotten, has been repeated four times.
It'was offered first by Mr. Monroe in 1818 and
1824; next by Mr. Adams in 182(v, then by Mr.
Tyler in 1843; and, for the fourth time, by Mr.
Polk, in 1845. This offer, four times repeated, is
then withdrawn, and the President tells us that he
now sustains our title, as he believes, "by irref-
ragable facts and arguments." These 41 irrefraga-
ble facts and argumeats," Mr. President, are the
same old facts and the same old arguments that had
been adopted again and again by all the negotia-
tors from the beginning. The argument of Mr.
Buchanan—lucid, cogent, and therefore able—that
argument contains scarcely an idea, or the fraction
of an idea, which is not to be found in the previous
negotiations and despatches of Mr. Clay. And so,
too, with the arguments of the British negotiator,
I say all this with great respect to both these gen-
tlemen, because their arguments could not have
been otherwise. But it is nothing more than a repe-
tition, again and again, with a little fresh sprink-
ling of historical detail as to matters of fact, of
what had been said by the negotiators who pre-
ceded them. These " irrefragable facts and .argu-
ments,"therefore, are no new light thrown in upon
this question. Theyare, let it be remembered, old,
often-repeated, and often-controverted facts—stale,
often-urged and often-disputed arguments—which
have been from the very beginning wrapped around
this matter of diplomacy. Let me do justice, how-
ever, to our negotiator. There is one fact, " irref-
ragable," I suppose, which he added to his collec-
tion—the clinching fact, indeed, of his whole argu-
ment—which does certainly possess the merit of
novelty. It is a new one—it is an original one.
It is this: that the British geographers had yielded
to us the right of ownership to this territory; in
proof of which he refers, and refers only, to a globe
of British manufacture, to be found in the Depart-
ment of State. The explanation of that matter, as
recently given, shows upon what light and trivial
circumstances diplomats can occasionally build an
argument. These facts and arguments seem to
have made no impression on the imperturbable
mind of the British negotiator. He remained of
the same opinion; but at this stage of the case
comes in ana offers to refer the equitable division
of this country to any independent sovereign or
State. "No," said Mr. Buchanan, "no! You
only offer to refer the equitable division of the
country. You do not offer to refer the title to the
whole country itself." " Very well," says Mr.
Pakenham, " will you refer title and all? And if
you object to sovereigns and States, will you take
jurists, civilians—anybody in fact? Are you willing
to present the question for settlement by the most
independent, impartial, and enlightened minds?"
That is his proposition. Then our unfortunate
negotiator is in a quandary. He refuses, on the
ground that the territorial rights of the country are
not a proper subject for arbitration, whether by
sovereign, citizen, or subject, in his own language.
Why did he not say that before? Why this pal-
try quibbling about terms, or the character of the
arbitrators, if he had, at the back of ail this, an
objection that went to the very groundwork of the
proposition ? But is it true—is it true >n principle,
that our territorial rights are not the proper sub-
ject of arbitration ?
Let me answer one objection of my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Breese.] He read from a commu-
nication of Mr. Adams, in which he objects to ref-
erence to sovereigns, because they have not the
means of observation; but the special objection
was that no award could be carried out: that there
was no power to carry it into effect. Now, does
not my friend sec that that very argument would
strike down all negotiation? Who is to carry the
result of any negotiation into effect? Who is to
enforce a treaty, or any contract with a foreign
Government? Nobody—no tribunal—nothing but
the plighted faith and honor of the respective coun-
tries. If the country plights its faith in a particu-
lar form to abide the award, it is bound us solemnly
as though it were hound by treaty. But aside fiom
this objection, wan it true that tcrritori.il rights
were not subject of arbitration 5 What is the ques-
tion? In its broadest and most elevated sense this
is a question of property merely. In its more ac-
curate and confined sense, it is a question of bound-
ary—of boundary. Great Britain admits that we
arc entitled to hold up to the Columbia. Need I
open Vattel, or any other author on international
law, for the purpose of .showing that questions of
property nnd boundary hit proper streets of arbi-
tration ? But again: it is said, you can negotiate
about this matter, hut you cannot arbitrate. Why
not? What is that hut negotiation m another form ?
By direct negotiation between the parties them-
selves you have been unable to reach a result. You
then try what you can do by indirect negotiation.
You employ new disinterested agents. You tell
them to negotiate the matter, and that you will
abide by their decision, fn principle, the two
forms are one and the same. Mi. Buchanan is
now the appointee of this Government. He has
failed, ns others failed before him. Cannot the Gov-
ernment appoint another negotiator or negotiators—
jurists, civilians, or whoever they may be—and al-
low him or them to negotiate with some person or
persons similarly appointed by the opposite party?
Nay, have we not in our trenty stipulations con-
stantly, from the origin of our Government almost,
been accustomed to settle matters in this very way
—by a commission? No one can deny it. But
then, some one lms asked, " Where do you get the
constitutional power to convey away our territory>"
"Our territory'*' ah 1 that's begging the question.
That it is our territory is the very point to be de-
cided. But if it be our territory, I take it that, inci-
dent to that right of sovereignty, wo have the; same
power to convey territory that we have to obtain
it. Of that we have examples enough. But again,
others ask, "Will you transfer the allegiance of
our citizens?" Certainly not. We will transfer
the soil; and if our citizens think proper to remain,
they subject themselves to a new jurisdiction. This
is no novelty. Upon the settlement of the bound-
ary between the United States and Spain, in 1785
—the Florida boundary—stipulations were made
that the settlements should be removed from either
side of the lme; but if they remained there, the set-
tlers subjected themselves to the jurisdiction of the
country within whose limits they chose to remain.
But that country does not transfer their allegiance.
It transfers the soil, to which it had exclusively
the right of sovereignty. The settlers remain upon
the soil, and choose their own allegiance. But all
thesn evils am in this case imaginary. In the first
place, there cannot be an American citizen owning
a single foot of land in Oregon, because the Gov-
ernment cannot have granted it. In the second
place, not an American citizen has settled within
one hundred miles of 49°—the line that might, per-
haps, be agreed upon.
but I am leaving the argument of our negotiator.
He is not content with taking the position that
territory is not the proper subject of arbitration;
which, if so, would cover the whole question.
But he goes on and objects to it still further, on
the ground that he fears a compromising award.
Mr. President, this objection, it appears to me—
and I say it with all respect—was framed to meet
the occasion. It is the same kind of objection that
is raised by litigants who go to court about small
matteis of doubtful right, when they wish to avoid
arbitration—cases m which, I grant you, the award
is very likely to be that the parties divide two and
sixpence between them, and each pay his own
costs. But upon n great nnfionnl question of this
character, is it possible that, with the wide world
from which to choose, three, five, seven men can-
not be found possessed of such intelligence, purity,
and independence, as would remove them alto-
gether from the operation of all such paltry con-
siderations as would interfere with the justness of
their decision ? I venture to say that the distin-
guished negotiator who raised that objection,
should he ever be chosen on such a commission
ns that, would scorn such a motive as controlling
his own feelings or judgment. But there was still
another objection urged by our negotiator, and it
does appear to me the most extraordinary of all.
He says: " We think a great deal of this country
—you cannot or ought not to think much of it;
and that being our opinion, we do not choose to
jeopardize our important rights, while you have
no title to lo.se." That is to say, here are two
men who have been in possession of a farm for
the last twenty-seven years—disputing abou* the
title. They finally lesolve that the controversy
shall be settled. The one says to the other: "Now
1 will divide with you; or if that does not suit you,
1 will refer the matter to the courts—to civilians—
to any fair arbiter.The other says: " No, this
farm is of very great importance to me; you are a
lich man—you live far away—you ought not to
think a great deal about it, and I will therefore
leave the question to nobody—1 will settle accord-
ing to the best of my own judgment—I will be
veiy happy to negotiate, with you—but 1 mean to
take the whole of this propei ty." That's the
amount of this argument, and the force of it I sub-
mit without comment to the American people. I
have the highest respect for the character and abil-
ity of that distinguished negotiator; and permit
me to say that if his argument in answer to the
proposition for arbitration be no better, it is be-
cause the subject did not admit of a better one.
The civilized world will regard that argument with
distrust. I fear they will look upon it as a pre-
tence and evasion, rather than as indicating our
true principles of action. But that is not all. Our
own people, I think, when their attention is dis-
tinctly drawn to this question—when they are
brought to think calmly about it—will judge of it
iu the same way; and of this we have already
some singular indications in the course adopted
by some of the local party prints of the country.
When referring to this question they very care-
fully keep out of view the offer to select as arbiters
jurists and civilians, and talk about sovereigns,
and crowned heads and princes, from whom we
cannot expect fair play; and thus they appeal to
the passions and prejudices of our countrymen,
instead of to their judgments, upon the true state
of facts in this negotiation. What a spectacle
have we thus presented ! Not that dignified, calm
reserve which indicates fixed purpose and con-
scious right; but from the very beginning of this
Oregon negotiation, there has been a din and
clamor, and vain-glorious boasting throughout the
land. If my memory serves me right, when the
English troops were upon the point of attacking
the first Chinese town which they took, they were
startled by a sudden and terrible noise produced
by gongs, kettles, and wind instruments—all in-
tended to deter the outside barbarians from the
accomplishment of their purpose. It does seem
to me that we have been diligently imitating the
tactics of the Chinese.
If that has been the course of things at home,
have we been more fortunate abroad ? I may be
mistaken on this subject. I have no knowledge
of the rules of diplomacy. In locality, education,
and social intercouse, 1 have unfortunately been
aloof from all these matters. But I confess, in my
simple comprehension, it did seem a little ridicu-
lous that we should direct our Minister at London
to interrogate the British Government as to the
