458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. "WASHINGTON HUNT moved to lay the
resolution on the tabic, but subsequently with-
drew that motion, (remarking that his only rea-
son for making1 it was to give time for explanation
to the editor of the " Tribune.")
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
And after a good deal of conversation and some
confusion, the resolution was adopted by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson,
Atkinson, Bayly, Bedmger, Denton, James Black,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff,
Brockenbrough, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipnian, Clarke, Cobb,
Cocke, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Daniel, Jefferson
Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, j!
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Erdman, Edwin H. Ewing,
Faran, Fickhn, Foster, Fries, Gentry, Giles, >|
Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Hamlin, .1
Haralson, Barmanson, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough,
G. S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunger- s
ford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, ,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, A. ji
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Pres- ('
ton King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, La Sere, Levin, ,,
Ligon, Lumpkin, McClean, McClelland, McCler- ji
nand, McDowell, McHenry, McKay, Barclay ;i
Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Norris, |!
Owen, Parish, Payne, Perrill, Perry, Phelps, j
Price, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Russell, Sawtelle, \'\
Sawyer,Scammon, A. D. Sims, Leonard li. Sims, ;■
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, \\
St. John, Strong, Sykes, James Thompson, Jacob V,
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns, Trumbo, \\
Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Yan- ;;
ccy, Yell, Young, and Yost—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q,. Adams, Arnold,
Baker, Barringer, Bell, William W. Campbell, J. <■
H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cran- ■
ston, Crozier, Culver, Cunningham, Delano, Dix-
on, Dockery, Foot, Giddmg.s, Grover, 1-iarper, '«
Henley, Elias B. Holmes, Jolm W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson. Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Pamel P. lung, Thomas B.
King, Lewis, Long, McConnell, McG-aughey, ,■
Moseley, Julius Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Sever- !'
ance, 'Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Stewart, '■
Strohm, Thibodeaux, Toombs, White, Wmtlirop,
and Wright—49. .
The SPEAKER thereupon ordered the Ser- ;j
geant-at-Arms to execute the order of the House, ji
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En- [j
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, on leave, introduced :j
a resolution providing for the appointment of a se-
lect committee to examine Espy's ventilator, &c. Ij
Pending which, the House adjourned. jj
  J<
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre- '
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro- \
pnatc committees.
By Mi. SCffCNOK: The petition of War re n Estalnook,
and 3S0 other ritizens of wt'-.tnrn Ohio, pinyim? ioi an ap-
piDpilatioj] toi tho completion o{ the Cimihtnland load. i
L > Mi. MOKS-K. The petition of At.tome Dupic, piavmg
fo bo cmiirinefi in a cortam tra< t of land, reierred to the i
Committee on Pnvate Land Claims.
By Mr. POLLOCK. The petition of Rebccca Boyd, of !
Norihumbnland couuiy, 1'eim., praying for a pension. 1
liy I\lr. T «MiTiI The memorial of Coi<>nel Samuel |
Fulton, of Ohio county, Indiana, praying Conyieis to allow
him loi services as a M>ldiei in the revolutioiiaiy w.ti, The
memorialist s<ays he is justly entitled to pay Ibi past\e us,
and durinjr the remamdei of his life: reierred to the Com-
mittee on. Re\< Umouar\ Pensions.
By Mi. 11UPIvL\3 . The petition ot Samuel McCamant
&?,d othei?, .ickinir for the ostabh&mncnt of a po*t-route Horn
Wuhcville, via jtt«ad Bluff and Sulplmi SpmiL'S to Gray-on
Couit house, Virginia : reteired to the Committee on the
Po;>t OiTiee and i'o&t Roads.
15;. Mr. GlUi-tv The memonal of the Mayor and C'itv
Conned of Baltnnoie, upon the subject of the outfit and ai-
ram'ement of vessels bunging passengeis from other coun-
tries; and that Cou^iess nu\ pav  ueh law f as to prevent
the intiodnotion of contagious diseases) into this eoimtiy .
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
I)v Mr. rtCAMMOJM The petition of Ch.nie^ Wad^wortSi
and others, hens at law of the late Geneiol Pel^g Wads-
worth, lor commutation pay for services tendeied in the
rcvolutionaiy war by the said General H'acEvvoilh : lefer- ,
led to the Committee on Ilevolutionaiy Claims. The peti- ,
tion of Lewis P. Hdliard and 76 others, citizens of Kennc-
btink, Maine, deprecating the evils o'f war, and praying
Congress, m some constitutional mode, to propose to other ,
Governments a congress of nations, loi the purpose of pio- 1
ceedmg by a code of international laws for a peaceable ad-
justment of national disputes: referred to the Committee .
oi> Foieign Affairs. J
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 5, 1846.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from Mount Sterling to Springfield, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial and
proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Philadel-
phia, m favor of the construction of a dry-dock at
the navy-yard in that city, and the crcction of for-
tifications on the Delaware river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of mem-
bers of the bar of Philadelphia, praying that the
unexpended appropriation for the salary of the As-
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Um- i
ted States for the eastern and western districts of
Pennsylvania, and the district of New Jersey, may
be dnided among the several district judges of
those distiiets; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Isabella
Stout, heir-at-law of James Samson, praying the
confirmation of her title to a tract of land, held by
virtue of a Spanish grant; which was referred to
the Committee on Priuite Land Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Henry
and S. Iv. Cheatham, praying compensation for re
moving the raft of the Ked river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of the
heir of John Moore, deceased, praying the repay-
ment of advances made by her ancestor, during
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Comnuttr-c on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the
chiefs and delegates of the Wyandotte Indians,
praying compensation for the lands ceded by them
to the United States, by the treaty of 17th March,
1812; which (Mr. Sexier informing Mr. A. that
the Committee on Indian A flairs had reported i\ bill
for the purpose stated in the memoiial) was laid on
the table.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of George
W. Bi]jme,s, praying that the Secretary of the
Navy may be authorized to contract with him for
the, supply of water-rotted hemp for the use o
the navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Allan p.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Illinois, in favor of the grant by
Congress of a quantity of public lands, to aid in the
completion of the Illinois and Michigan canal.
Also, resolutions in favor of an appropriation by
Congress for the speedy completion of the Cum-
berland road; which were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BAG-BY, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a joint resolution for the
relief of Mary Ann Linton; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Air. SEMPLE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the establish-
ment of a national armory at Massac on the Ohio
river, m the State of Illinois; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Aflaits.
Mr. H. JOHNSON submitted the following re-
solution; which was agreed to:
Rtsnlved, That the Committee on the Post Office j
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the]
causes of the frequent failures of the mail to and 1
■ from New Oileans, and into the expediency of:
providing against the recurrence of such failures.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That "the Committee on Contingent
Expenses of the Senate be instructed to inquire
into the expediency, practicability, and probable
expense of augmenting the accommodation of the
public in the chamber of the Senate, by erecting
an additional gallery, changing the anangemeut
respecting the reporters, or otherwise, and that
they report thereon.
I Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
; tion; which was agreed to:
f jResolved, That tiie Committee on the Post Office
: and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
| expediency of providing by law for the transpor-
, taiiofl of tiie United States mail across the Isthmus
; of Panama, in the republic of New Grenada, in
South America, in pursuance of the provisions of
the postal convention signed at Bogota on the 6th
day of March, 1844.
And that,the same committee be further instruct-
ed to inquire as to the propriety, in connexion with
the aforesaid mail servicc, of causing the United
States mail to be carried by sea from New Orleans
to the Isthmus of Panama, and thence through the
Pacific ocean along the northwest coast to Oregon
and- the Sandwich Islands, and south along the
coast of South America as far as Callao in Peru.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following re-
solution; which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Road's and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
having a map of the route to Oregon struck from the
notes and descriptions and topographical sketches
of Captain Fremont.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate resume the con-
sideration of the "bill to apply certain alternate
sections of the public domain toward the comple-
tion of works of internal improvement in the State
of Michigan, and for other purposes;" which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. WOO-DBRIDGE thereupon resumed, and
concluded his remarks in support of the bill; ad-
vancing arguments showing the necessity of its
immediate passage, not only for the purpose of re-
lieving the tax-ridden citizens of Michigan, but for
the pecuniary benefit of the general treasury by the
increase of value of the public lands.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States; also a message an-
nouncing that the President of the United States
had signed and approved a joint resolution author-
izing the transmission and presentation of books to
the Minister of Justice of France, in exchange for
books received from him.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that the Speaker of said
House had signed an enrolled bill.]
On motion, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn it be to
Monday next,
Mr. NILES moved that the Senate resume the
consideration of the special order of the day; which
motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of tlie special order, being the Joint Resolution
submitted by Mr. Allen, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give
notice to the Government of Great Britain of the
intention of the United States Government to annul
the convention authorizing the joint occupancy of
the Oregon territory, and the resolutions of Messrs.
Hannegan, Calhoun, and Ciuitenden, and the
Joint Resolution from the House of Representa-
tives on the same subject.
The question pending being on the resolution
offered by Mr. Crittenden as modified by the
adoption by the mover of the resolutions of the
amendment proposed by Mr. Colquitt—
Mr. HAYWOOD resumed his remarks. He
referred to the course which he had taken yester-
| day, showing that the acts of commission and
; omission of the President, judged by every rule of
equity and candor, lequired of us not to doubt that
] his purpose was pacific—that he had not placed
! himself m the perilous position of plunging his
J country into war for the meaning of a word.
He then proceeded to an examination of the
I! Message of the President, in order to deduce from
11 its language proof in favor of the position which he
jj had taken, showing that the President, in making
11 the offer of compromise on the parallel of 49°, had
been actuated by a strong sense of public duty;
ji and that there was nothing in the Message of the
1' Executive—which was all in the form of a narra-
,i tive-—to countenance the idea that the negotiation
i; had terminated. Yet this Message had been re-
; lied on as evidence that the door of reconciliation
; was shut. In the phraseology used by Mr. Pak-
| enham in rejecting the offer of 49°, in which he
; expresses his hope that the Government of the
! United States would make some other proposition
I which Great Britain could with justice and honor
accept, Mr. H. saw a significance from which
t he drew an additional inference in favor or his
j| views, that every movement looked to a-pacinc
|| result. He regarded the course of the President
