1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
as saying to Congress, I have done my duty—it
is now for you to say what you will do. If you
are disposed to light for 54° 40', say so, and I will
close the door of negotiation; if you are not, say
so, and we stand on the parallel of 49°. He did
not believe that if we passed this notice, the Pres-
ident would use the great moral power thus' con-
fided to him to a tvaitorous purpose. The Senate
and House would still retain m their hands the
bill to extend our jurisdiction over the Oregon
territory; and he, for one, would stand by the
Senate, and agree not to adjourn until it was deci-
ded whether we should have peace or no peace.
He considered it a greater test of true courage to
do right, than to engage in a fight.
In reference to the language in which Mr. Pak-
cnham rejected the proposition of a compromise
on the parallel of 49°, Mr. H. denied that there
was anything in it to justify the construction which
many had been eager to put upon it. The rejec-
tion was accompanied by the expression of a hope
that some other proposition would be offered,
which Mr. H. looked upon as implying that there
was some other proposition in his view.
in the year 1795, there was a great clamor
against Jay's treaty, which was earned on a pole
through the streets of Philadelphia, and was
burned before the House of the British Minister.
Some persons in Boston took it also in hand; and
General Washington felt himself compelled to come
out in a letter, which Mr. H. read, for the pur-
pose of holding up his sentiments to the admna-
tion and imitation of others, lie also read other
extracts from General Washington's language, on
the pernicious tendency of factions; and then went
on to icmark on the resolutions of the Baltimore
convention, denying that, in the letter of nomina-
tion sent to Mr. Polk, there was a single word
about Oregon or Texas, or that there was any al-
lusion to these subjects in his reply. The amount
of the first was, " Will you be our candidate—we
will elect you;" of the other, "1 will, and 1 hope
you can." There was no pledge to bind the Pres-
ident on the subject of Oregon.
Mr. H. then referred to the divisions which had
sprung up in the Democratic parly, tin: tendem y
of which is, to destroy the party, by cutting oil'its
heads. This question of Oregon had been turned
into a party question, for the purpose of President-
making. He repudiated any submission to the
commands of factious meetings, got up by dema-
gogues, for the purpose of dictating to the Senate
how to make a treaty, and felt thankful that JNorth
Carolina had never taken this course. He did
not regard such proceedings as indicative of that
true Democracy which, like a potato, grew at the
root, and did not, like the spurious JJemociacy,
show itself from the blossom. The creed of the
Baltimore convention directs tin? party to reannex
Texas and to reoccupy Oregon. Texas had been
reannexed, and now we are to go for the inoccupa-
tion of Oregon. Now, Old Oregon, embracing all
the territory on which American foot ever trod,
comprised merely the vailey of Willamette, which
did not extend above 49°; and consequently this
portion was all which could be contemplated in
the expression " inoccupation,'' as it would in-
volve an absurdity to speak of reoccupymg what
we had never occupied. Referring to the history
of the annexation of Texas, he cited the impossi-
bility of getting Texas through, until the two
questions had been made twin sisters by the Balti-
more convention. Then Texas passed the House,
and came into the Senate, followed so closely by
Oregon, that they seemed to be akin.
He was not for distrusting the President. ITc
would give him the notice, and then if he deceived
us, he would hold on to the law extending juns-
diction over Oregon, in reference to the foim of
the notice, ho had no objection to that proposed
by the Senator from Kentucky; he had no objec-
tion to that which came from the Committee on
Foreign Relations. But lie dreaded the effect of
sending back the subject to the House, in a form
which would revive the discussion m that body,
and this dread led him rather to prefer taking the
resolution in the form in which it camc from the
House. He could, under no circumstances, vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Georgia,
which he regarded as tantamount to giving no no-
tice at all. He objected to the admission of the
House of Representatives as a partner in the treaty-
making power. He would do nothing which could,
in the slightest degree, exhibit to Gi eat Britain any-
thing like distrust in ourselves. If the Senate was
afraid to do an act, it would be better not to do it,
than to do it shrmkmgly. The construction which
he put upon the amendment was, that it authorized
a compromise somewhere between 49° and the Co-
lumbia river. He could not do that. He could
not vote for the notice, with this amendment, be-
cause he believed it would embarrass the President
in his course. The second section of the resolution
from the House he regarded as properly introduced
under the circumstances. Originally, the House
adopted the naked form of giving the notice; but,
at the last moment, the correspondence was com-
municated, which showed that negotiations were
still going on. It was then that the second section
was adopted, to free the Executive from any em-
barrassment which the passage of the naked prop-
osition might have caused. Pie concluded with ex-
pressing ins fervent hope that God would deliver
his country from the danger of converting into a
dispute the correspondence which had been com-
municated by the President to the two Houses of
Congress.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose to make an explana-
tion; but gave way to
Mr. CALHOUN, who expressed a wish to cor-
rect a statement of the Senator from North Caro-
lina in relation to one of the protocols of the Brit-
ish Ministei, which he quoted in the course of his
remarks. The. statement, as made by the honorable
Senator, was calculated to make an erroneous im-
pression. Senators, by turning to the document,
would find that it contained simply a declaration
on the part of the l>ntish Minister of the reasons
which induced him to doubt his authority to pro-
ceed with the negotiations, and a statement that he
had applied to his Go\eminent for further instiuc-
tions. Whcthersuch nistructionshad been received
or not he could not say; but he presumed they had
been received. The Government of the United
States had never assented to the proposition that
any part of Oregon belonged to Great Butam. Our
negotiators had always claimed the whole of the
territory. In his own letter to the Biiush Minister,
he had, on tin; part of the United Suites Govern-
ment, claimed the whole valley of the Columbia
rivci. lie believed that Cleat Britain had never
denied that the title was in uh.
Mr. HANNEGAN ro.se and said: 1 must apolo-
gize to the Senate for obtruding myself upon your
attention at this advanced period of the day, par-
ticularly as i have already occupied your attention
on several occasions in the course of tins debate.
My remarks now, however, will be veiy brief.
Before 1 proceed to make, any reply to the speech
of the Senator Aoni North Caiohna—the most ex-
traordinary speeeh which I have ever listened to m
the whole course, of my life—1 desire, through the
Vice President, to put a question to him, which I
have committed (o writing. It is this: I ask him
if he has the authority of the President, directly or
indirectly, for saying to the Senate that it is his
(the President's) wish to terminate the Oregon
question by compromising with Great Brituin*on
the 49th decree of north latitude'1
Mr. HAYWOOD. Is the Vice President to be
the catechistr
Mr. U ANN EG AN. 1 put the question in the
usual way, through the Chair.
Mr. HAYWOOD. I have already said what,
for feai of mistake, I had previously written, and
which 1 shall print. It would be unwise and im-
politic for the President to authorize any Senator
to make such a declaration as that implied in the
question of the Senator from Indiana.
Air. ALLEN. J desire to say that I construe
the answer of the Senator from North Carolina
into a negative.
Mr. HAYWOOD. Then I desire to say that
my friend from Ohio only pro\es what 1 have
shown on a former occasion, that he is a very bad
hand at construction.
Mr. ALLEN. "Well, then, I will adopt the
other construction, and consider his answer as an
affirmative; and i put the question, and demand
an answer to it as a public right. The Senator
here has assumed to speak for the President. His
speech goes to the world; and I demand, as a pub-
lic right, that he answer the question; and if he
won't answer it, I stand ready to deny that he has
expressed the views of the President.
Mr. PIAYWOOD said that, had he occupied
the station of chairman of a very important com-
mittee, placing him in confidential intercourse with
the President, and had attributed opinions to the
President which he could not establish, when in-
terrogated, he would quit. But his constituents
had not sent him here to answer questions which
no one had a light to propound to him. What he
had spoken, he had written—no—he had written
them before he had spoken—and he should print it.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. HAYWOOD. You needn't be uneasy, sir.
No Senator has a right to make demands upon me
on this floor, or anywhere else, unless I give him
reason. 1 would do almost anything in a kind way,
out of doors, which could be done in reason and
honor; and 1 confess that 1 do a great many things
that I look on as humiliating, after they are done,
rather than have discord in the Democratic party.
I do not recognise the right of any one to make de-
mands on me, when I have submitted to the Senate
what 1 had to say, what I wrote before I said it,
and what I shall print afterwards.
Mr. ALLEN. I do not demand an answer as
any personal right at all. 1 demand it as a public
right. When a Senator assumes to speak for the
President every Senator possesses a public right to
demand his authority for so doing. An avowal
has been made that he is the exponent of the views
of the President, upon a great national question.
He has- assumed to be that exponent. And I ask
lnm whether he has the authority of the President
for the assumption?
Mr. WESTCOTT. I call the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio to order. I object to the President's
personal opinions or purposes being made the sub-
ect of inquiry on this floor.
Mr. ALLEN and Mr. HANNEGAN rose si-
multaneously.
Mr, HANNEGAN yielded, observing that he
was not so anxious to speak, but he could yield the
floor to anybody.
Mr. ALL ICN. I have not asked what the opin-
ions of the President are.
Mr. HAYWOOD. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for one moment? I am not at all
excited—not at all. I do not see any catechism in
the rules of order. I deny the i lit of any Sena-
toi to put questions to me in this way. I have not
assumed to speak by authority of the President.
Mr. ALLEN. Then the Senator takes back his
speee h.
Mr. HAYWOOD. Not at all; but I am glad to
see that my speech takes.
Mr. ALLEN. With the British.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Well, the Senator from
North Carolina has not suffered his speech to get
into print this morning, so as to give a fair oppor-
tunity of replying. All sketches even of his speech
have been, by his "special request," withheld in
the papers.
Mr. PIAYWOOD replied that, as he had taken
a very important and responsible position, he
wished to avoid the possibility of misconstruction,
and therefore desired to report his speech himself.
Kor fear of mistake he had taken that course; and
he thought he was justified in it by the fact that
one of the papirs (the Times) had really been
quite unable to make out the drift of his remarks
yesteulay, and had positively set him down as ma-
king a long specch in favor of settling the question
by arbitiation.
Mr. HANNEGAN. 1 do not deem it material
whether the Senator from North Carolina gives a
direct answer to my question or not. It is entirely
immaterial. He assumes—no, he says there is no
assumption about it—that there is no meaning in
language, no truth in man, if the President any-
where commits himself to 54° 40',as his flattering
friends assume foi him. Now, sir, there is no
truth in man, there is no meaning in language, if
the President is not committed to 54°4U',in as
strong language as that which makes up the Holy
Rook. From a period antecedent to that in which
he became the nominee of the Baltimore conven-
tion, down to this moment, to all the world he
stands committed for 54° 40'. I go back to his
declaration made m 1844, to a committee of citizens
of Cincinnati, who addressed lam m relation to
the annexation of Texas, and he there uses this
language, being then befoie the countiy as the dem-
ocratic candidate for the chair which he now fills.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the date ?
Mr. HANNEGAN. It is dated the 23d of
April.
[Mr. II. here read an extract from Mr Polk's
letter to the committee of the citizens of Cincinnati.]
