466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
c slow to believe that American Senatois can be
' found so thoroughly lost to duty, to country, and
' to self, as to enlist as the partisans of a foreign
' enemy, in its diversified intrigues and corruptions
' against their own Government."
He speaks about the corrupt political atmosphere
here. It is certain his presence does not add to
its purity. The author goes on:
" We know that ill some quarters we shall sub-
'ject ourselves to denunciation for this indignant
' exposure; but that denunciation will be most im-
' potent compared with the avalanche of scorn and
' contumely that will fall upon the recrcant Sena-
' tors who perpetrate this dishonor of their coun-
' try."
" In some quarters!" Yes, he may well antici-
pate his fate. He will be denounced by every
honest man in the world. There is not a man in
the Senate, no matter what may be his opinions in
regard to this question of Oregon, but must and
does front his soul condcmn such a libel on this
body.
I do not know how the Senate will vole on the
amendment I have proposed; and I Mid at the
time I introduced it that, provided the notice was
given, I did not particularly care in what form it
should be done. But now, I confess the form
seems to me of somewhat more importance. If 1
may judge from the views and opinions which
have been expressed, I am inclined to think that
two-thirds of the Democratic Senators on this floor
will show by their votes that they are in favor of
a compromise shoit of the line of 54° 4U'.
[Mr. Hannegan here expressed dissent.]
Certainly over half will do so. The gentleman i
fi-om Indiana shakes his head; but I telfbim again i
that a majority of this body are in favor of a com-
promise. The gentleman still shakes his head
in token of his utt< r incredulity. Very well, sir;
we shall see. And the Senator may rely on it
that when we come to voting, the fact will turn out
to be so. The wuter goes on to say:
" Devoted to the piinciplcs and measures of this
' Administration, wu can do no less than warn the '
1 friends who elevated it to power, and who now
1 repose not only hope but confab nee m its strength
'to consummate the gnat ends of its election.
' against the imminent dangers that now surround
' and speedily threaten to ingulf it." ;
I suppose, of course, that after this the Admin- j
istration will need no premonitory woid from me. i
Because we differ among ourselves as to what it
will be best to do, this writer says:
"We say to the Democracy (f the States, your '
'Administration is at this moment in greater per- ]
' il than ever before. This is the crisis of its fate. \
' If this combination between the Driihh ^hmtler, \
' as one party, and a few recreant Democratic Sen- i
' ators, joined with a majority of the Whig Sen- j
' ators, succeeds in its settled plot, the j
' trillion will bo driven from its mission, its policy [
' will be defeated, its strength prostrated, confusion 1
'will reign triumphant, President Polk will be left
' without a party, and Pmtish rapacity will feed upon
' American treachery. Let the Democracy look ]
' well, then, to the eul days that are. upon them, |
' anil to the evil end that is impending." j'
Now, 1 would barely inquire whether this cditoi !
has any privilege on the floor of this body? Has 'j
he a representative here' If he has, I say that !
language like this is such that the scoundrel should i
no longer be permitted to remain within these !
walls. 1'ut the President need net be alarmed—he,
will find himself sustained in adopting a moderate
but just course, cllectuoliy sustained by a majority
here.
The article closes by the emphatic, warn ing,"I,ook i
to the Senate!" Sir, I believe the people of this i
country have long been accustomed to look to this
body; they expect from us not only prudence and
ability, but they give us credit for patriotic, inten-
tions. No matter what, may be our difference's of !
opinion as to the particular measures which it may J
be proper to adopt, the people still look with confi-
dence to the action of this body, because they trust ;
the patriotism of our intentions. I therefore, for 1
one, can have no objections that the people should
be exhorted to " Look to the Senate." !
And now, as to this whole article: for what pur-
pose it has been written and published I leave for
the editor in any future publication of his to tell
out. One object in view, and, as I take it, the
principal object, has been notoriety—of how envia-
ble a character I will not say. Another end aimed
at may have been the driving back into the ranks
of recreant Democratic Senators, by coupling them
with the British Minister in the foul and false
charge hero made. Another purpose may have
been to give a significant caution to the Executive;
and last, though not least, to aid a majority in Con-
gress ill driving the President into that which this
writer considers as his "mission." I have done
with the article and with its author; I have done
with him from this time out: no matter what he
may say or write. I know that there is no such
thing as reaching the heart or conscience of such a
man. To correct either I have not the remotest
hope; the attempt will prove utterly in vain; for
no living man could sit deliberately down to write
such a tissue of falsehood as this who had one sin-
gle particle of conscience left within liim; at least,
if he has, it has never come out. The editor or the
writer (and I suppose the editor, if he does not give
tip the writer, is himself responsible for the article)
is entitled to all the notoriety which he will obtain.
His name, or at least his production, will be well
known from one end of this Union to the other;
and if these remarks of mine shall go before the
countiy, he shall be known throughout the land as
a man branded in the forehead as a libeller of the
Senate; as having written an article, every para-
graph, and line, and word of which (save the reso-
lution which he quotes) is utterly false, and the
writer of it a mar.
Mr. C1UT1RNDRX here rose and said: I did
not intend to have, said a word on this subject, but
in consequence of the leference made to me by the
Senator from Georgia, I feel constrained to make
a remark or two. Long before any of this imputed
corruption, intrigue, and conspiracy, and treache-
ry, was supposed to have taken place, that gentle-
mall had a conversation with me at a much earlier
period respecting some modification of the resolu-
tion before the Senate, which he wished to make
acceptable to me: and. finally, I think 1 may say
weeks before his resolution was offered in the Sen-
ate, he placed the substance of it in writing in my
bauds for more matin e consideration. So it is
perfectly evident, as lie has stated, so far as my
testimony availedlong, long ago he contemplated
the movement which be subsequently made. I did
not intend to have said a word on this subject more
than ibis, and should have been content if this mat-
ter had been allowed to pass entirely unnoticed by
the Senator. ^ et 1 confess I had some little doubts
whether it was not doc to the public, that some-
t lung should lie said upon the subject, and whether
honest people at a distance could possibly imagine
that _nny one lure witnessing the proceedings of
the Senate, oik], as might be supposed, to some
extent, personally acquainted with its members,
could publish without moie foundation—without
some foundation—such a gross aspersion. I did
doubt thai ptihnps we rely too confidently upon
that just estimate n Inch T think the people ought
to form, and which T flatter myself they do form,
of (lie Senate. Still, in common with the Senator,
and every other member of the body, 1 felt that
there might be some little humiliation in the neces-
sity of making such a notice. Now that the sub-
ject his been noticed, and the article denounced as
eiitnely eroundle.ss: now that we have been brought
up to this subject, it seems to me that the public
ought to be assured that there is no earthly ground
or warrant for the imputations east upon this body.
Sir, I have been for a long time connected with
this honored body. I almost would regret to be
obliged to soy how long. I have participated in
its controversies, shared in its courtesies. I have
been, as of course all are, personally acquainted
with every man here for the last twelve years, and
many who were here before. A body, so far as
relates to patriotism, devotion to country, of repu-
tation liime pcifectlv unsullied, never graced, in
my opinion, the political institutions of any coun-
try. Sir, I feel that the Senate of the United States
has earned a reputation, a confidence with the peo-
ple of this country, not to be sullied, not easy to
be shaken. So far as my judgment goes, it is a
confidence well founded, entirely merited, and de-
served by this honorable body, and if there be a ,
possibility, the remotest possibility, that such an ;
imputation and slander as this, coming from any !
quarter, shall cast the slightest blemish on that j
reputation, we owe it not so much to ourselves— !
each one can stand up for his own reputation—as !
we do the public whose great interests are connect- !
ed with a confidence in the Congress of the United i
States, and each branch of it, to repel the imputa-
tion. There is not, so far as I know, the slightest
plausibility for the imputation upon individual
members of this body, or the body itself.' I rose
not to make any of these remarks, but simply to
confirm—so far as reference was made to me—the
statement of the honorable Senator from Georgia. ,
Mr. ALLEN moved that the petition of the
Wyandotte tribe of Indians, presented by him a
few days since, and laid upon the table, be refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SPEIGHT presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, pray-
ing a grant of certain inundated public lands m
that State, to defray the expense of reclaiming
them, and that the board of police of Adams coun-
ty, in said State, may be authorized to make such
disposition of the sixteenth section, or school lands
of that county, as will best promote the object of
the appropriation; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE presented the memorial of dele-
gates from the northern counties of Illinois, pray-,
mg that the right of way over thepublic lands may
be given to the Galena and Chicago Union rail-
road; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Samuel
R. Reed, a soldier in the late war with Great Brit-
ain, asking a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, praying
a grant of inundated lands to defray the expense
of reclaiming them; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. C. also presented a resolution passed by the
same body, in favor of a grant of land for the im-
provement of Pearl river; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands; as also was a similar
resolution presented by Mr. Speight.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Mississippi, praying the re-
moval of obstructions in the communication be-
tween the iVIississippi river and the Gulf of Mex-
ico; which was referred to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial of the same body, praying a
reduction of the price of the public lands in that
State; which was referred to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial of the same body, praying a
grant of public lands, for improving the navigation
of the Homochitto river, in the State of Missis-
sippi; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the memorial
of Menemon Sanford, praying compensation for
certain mail service; which was referred to the
Committee, on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ARCHERprcsented three memorials of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying a reform of the nat-
uralization laws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial upon the same subject, from
a convention of citizens assembled at Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania; which was refeired to the same
committee.
Mr. D1X presented two petitions of citizens of
Niagara county, one from citizens of Monroe coun-
ty, and one from citizens of Seneca county, New
York, praying the abrogation of certain treaties
made with the Seneca Indians; which were refer-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. R. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
mechanics and laborers m the navy-yard at Wash-
ington, praying remuneration for losses sustained
by them in consequence of being thrown out of
employment by the sudden suspension of the works,
in 1843; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of the corporate
authorities of the city of Rochester, New York,
praying the construction of fortifications at the
mouth of the Genesee river; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of citizens of
Oswego county, New York, praying an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the navigation or the
Sheboygan river, near Lake Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. ;
