1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4-67
Mr. D. also presented the petition of the assignee
of Taylor, Little, & Co., importing merchants of
New York, praying the payment of interest on an
amount of duties illegally exacted of them by the
collector of that port; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of S. D.
Dakin and others, praying that the Secretary of the
Navy may be directed by law to contract with them
for the construction of a sectional dry-dock at the
several naval stations, agreeably to a plan proposed
bv them; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
George G. Glazier and others, praying a reorgan-
ization of the navy; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Florida, in relation to the cultivation of
tropical plants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of importers
and dealers in steel, of Bristol, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that steel may be admitted fiee of duty; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr'. CASS presented the petition of the legal
representatives of John Anderson, deceased, piay-
ing compensation for the destruction of his property
by the enemy in 1819; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. CORW1N presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio m favor of the construction of
a canal around the falls of the Ohio river; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of Nathaniel
"Wright, of Cincinnati, praying the payment of n
treasury note, purchased'by fiim withoutknowledge
of its having been fraudently obtained after can-
cellation; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. BARROW presented the petition of Alex-
ander D. Peck, praying the confirmation of his title
to a tract of land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BAG BY presented a resolution passed by:
the Legislature of Alabama, in favor of the estab- ;
lishmc-nt of a post-route from the Slate Inn- post
officc to Clayton, ami a mail-route from Jackson-
ville to Ashville, in s.ud State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, i
and ordered to be printed. j
Also a memorial of the above body, praying a
reduction of the price of the, unsold public lands in
the State of Alabama; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, praying that the reserved lands
in the St. Stephen's land district, in that State, be
offered for sale; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also a memorial of the same body, praying an
extension of the right of pre-emption to certain set-
tlers on the public lands in that State; which was
referred to tne Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dei-ed to be printed.
Also a memorial of the same body, praying the
establishment of a national armory at Tuscaloosa,
in that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the memorial of Mar-
garet C. Brown, widow of Thomas Murray, Jr.,
deceased, praying compensation for the services
of her deceased husband, as clerk to a delegation
of Cherokee Indians, while negotiating a treaty
with the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of di-
recting by law the survey, and offer for sale as
soon as practicable, of the public lands on the
Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the peninsula of Flor-
ida, and the islands and keys of said State below
26° 30' of north latitude, and of making a special
appropriation for such surveys.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the commissioners appointed by virtue
of the act entitled " An act for the more conve-
nient taking of testimony and bail in civil cases
depending in the courts of the United States," ap- i
proved 20th of February, 1812, to inquire into all j
offences against the United States committed in ;
dock-yards, arsenals, and other places under the j
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States; and to j
exercise in relation thereto all the powers in com- i
mitting or binding over of an offender, that a j
judge of any court of the United States or justice j
of the pence may, by law, exercise in relation to i
such offences. i
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution: !
Resolved, That the Serjeant-at-Arms be author- 1
ized to employ an additional laborer for the re- !
mainder of this session, if, ill the opinion of the j
Committee on Contingent Expenses, it shall be !
found necessary ; and that he be paid the usual al- j
lowance for similar services. |
Mr. BRElvSE moved that the resolution be re- I
ferred to the Committee on Contingent Expenses;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether any and what al-
terations are necessary in the law regulating the
compensation of the clerks of the distnct and cir-
cuit courts of the United States, and limiting; the
amount of the same, and that they report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. J01IX M. CLAYTON, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported a hill for the relief of John
•Tones; which was read, and the accompanying re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, t" whum was referred die bill from the
1 louse of Representatives to lei'iiLitc \\ i its of < n or
mid appeals from the district onm-t of the United
States lor the middle district of Alabama, reported
it without amendment
Mr. A. also, fiom the same committee, reported
the bill to change the time of holding the Federal
com ts in North ( Carolina, \\ ithout amendment.
Mr. A. also, from the same lomimttcc, asked
that said committee be disch.iiood from tin bother
coiisideiaiioii of the memorhi! of franklin "Whit-
ney, and that llie siime be leleired to the Commit-
tee on l\ih His, wlueh was ;u;re( d to.
Also, that said cooimiUi e be discharged from
the turthei eonsideiation of the memorial of the
heirs of Daniel i b Tompkins, and that the same
be refcried to the Committee of Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. A. also, from tlie same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Richard S. Coxe; which was
read, and the accompanying report was ordered to
be printed.
Also, a joint resolution for the relief of Charles
J. Sibbald; which was read, and passed to the sec-
ond reading. The accompanying report was or-
dered to he printed.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Harriet L. Catching; which
was read, and the accompanying report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PIClvlNSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Asa An-
drews; which was lead, and passed to a second
reading. The accompanying repoit was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the trans-
mission of goods, wares, and merchandise, through
the Indian territories; which was read, and passed
to the second rending.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Geo. Went-
ling; wluch was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
.Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, submitted adverse reports upon the pe-
titions of Carey Tl. Seely and Mary D. Wade ;
which reports were ordered to be printed.
Mr. F., also, from the ssime committee, reported
alull for the relief of Thomas Brownell; which was
read, and the accompanying report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
joint resolution to provide for the better preser-
vation of petitions and other documents of Con-
gress.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
the bill to provide for the confirmation of certain
settlement claims in the St. Helena land district,
Louisiana; which report and the. accompanying
papers, were oidered to be printed.
Mr. H. JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill to amend the act approved
.Tone 17, 1844, entitled " An act to provide for the
adjustment of land claims within the States of Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Louisiana, and in those parts
of the States of Mississippi and Alabama south of
the 31st degree of north latitude, and between the
Mississippi and Perdido rivers."
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
exhibiting the quantity of vacant public land on
caeh side of the Pearl river, within five miles of the
same; which was oidered to be printed.
Mr. R. JOHNSON moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the. special order of the
day; which motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER OREGON, ETC.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the Joint Resolution of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, proposing to
give notice to Gieat Britain of the intention of this
Government to annul the treaty for the joint occu-
pation of the Oregon territory, and the Resolutions
of Messrs. IIanni.gax, Calhoun, Crittenden,
anil Coi.ijrn't, having relation to the same subject.
Atr. EVANS, who was entitled to the floor on
this question, rose and said that the resolution now
under consideration, and which had engaged the
I attention of ibe .Senate for many days past, pro-
posed to authorize the President of the United
States to gi\c notiee to Great Biitain that the con-
\ eiition made in 1KIH, and renewed and indefinite-
ly extended in 1S--27, icspectin^ the claims of the
two nations to territory on the northwest coast,
should be annulled after the expiration of twelve
'mouths. This is a slep (said Mr. E.) which is
agreed on all hands to be of a very decided east.
'I'he Senator from New York who first addressed
us on this subject, [Mr. Dix,j as well as theSena-
tor fiooi Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] both regarded it
in the s,inn- niannei, ami belli said that very im-
portant consequences were likely to How from it.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, though lie
! does not say that if this measure is adopted war
will be inevitable, yet does say that the United
i Suites cannot recede after the notice is once given,
^ and, in his judgment, Great Britain will not. And
I though war may not be inevitable, yet he sees no
i way in wluch it ran be avoided. Now, though
1 war be not certain, yet, if in any remote degree the
j adoption of this measure is likely to lead to an
! event of such momentous importance, then cer-
i tainly it becomes us to weigh the whole subject
1 with the utmost deliberation and cart; and those
[ who ask us to take so decided a step—a stop which
I may lead to such important results—it seems to
| me, are bound to show, beyond all possibility of
doubt, that it, is demanded by the honor and m-
] terest of the country, and can be defended before
| the civilized world.
It is obvious that among those gentlemen who
1 are fiiendly to this measure—a measure which, to
j the people of this country, is pregnant with such
consequences for stood or evil, and which goes so
essentially to change the state of our relations with
Great Britain—there exists very considerable dif-
ference as to the grounds of erivmg the notice. The
mover of the resolution himself, the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Bref.se,]and the Senator from Indiana, [Mi-.Han-
jiegas,] all said that this was but the first step in
a series of measures which were to follow, and that
we were to take this step in vindication of our title
to the whole of what they are pleased to term Ore-
gon. The position of these gentlemen is, that, if
we shall give this notice, it is for the purpose of
asserting and with the intention of maintaining our
title to the whole of Oregon up to the latitude of
54° 40'. That there must be no compromise, no
adjustment of the difficulty short of that line, nor
any negotiation for a compromise or settlement on
any terms short of a recognition of our title to the
whole country. The Senator from Illinois,indeed,
said that the notice would not exclude negotiation,
but it was a negotiation in regard to the allowance
to be made to the Hudson Bay Company and as
to the time in which they shall be required to retire
