1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
coast, and perhaps up to 51° in the interior, if any
branch reaches to that latitude. By the cession of
Louisiana we get only up to 49°—not an inch be-
yond. The third source of our title, and that
which covers ali the others, (and which 18 said not
to be inconsistent with them,) is a grant by Spain
in the Florida treaty. This grant gives us all she
claimed on the northwest coast, and excludes Great
Britain at once.
There are grave questions, which affect each of
these grounds of title, and questions which must be
fully discussed before we are prepared to assert our
title to be clear and unquestionable. There are
very different degrees of validity in these claims—
that derived from the Louisiana treaty is by far
the strongest.
As to the discovery of the Columbia, those who
plead on our side say that Captain Gray was the
hrst American citizen who ever entered the river,
and I believe that such is the fact; I have no doubt
of it. And, in connexion with this fact, our ad-
vocates lay down the doctrine of public law to be,
that the discoverer of a river in an unknowu coun-
try is entitled to the river and ali the valley drained
by its waters. That is the general principle; but
then, under this general principle, there may be
particular circumstances which draw the title un-
tier doubt. And first, this whole northwest coast
was discovered before Captain Gray entered the
fiver. The particular spot on the coa&t where it
empties into the Pacific had been seen and visited
«na named on the maps befoie that. One of the
capes of the little bay into which the river disem-
bogues had been seen and named Cape Disappoint-
ment, and the bay itself culled Deception Bay.
The question, then, arises, when a whole const has
been discovered, and the discovering nation is con-
sequently entitled (o the country—when the mouth
of a particular rivet* on that coast has been seen—
whether the citizen who shall first actually cmer
the river makes such a discovery as entitles his
nation to the whole country drained by the river?
This comes in conflict with the other principle,
that the discoverer of a coast is entitled to the
whole country. Now, the river Columbia itself
was seen, though not entered, in 17.55, by the
Spanish navigator Heceta, who was coasting 111
that quaiter. He saw the river, he numed the
capes, and so confident was he of his discovery,
that he laid down the river on the Spanish maps,
and called it the river St. Iloque. lint the exist-
ence of the river was known even before that.
There are maps in existence seventy-live y<ous
older than the voyage of Hecctu, where the river
is laid down, and called the ri ver of the West. In-
deed, there seems to be an indication that the river
had been entered at that time; for the geographer
who constructed the map marked on u how high
the tide ran up the stream ; and though it may be
denied that the River of the West is the river Co-
lumbia, yet, both in length and position, die river
as laid down on the Spanish maps corresponds
with it very nearly. It is said to have been dis-
covered in 14J03 oy Aguilla. iXere, then, is not
the general question, whether the discoverer of a
river in an undiscovered country is entitled to its
whole valley, but whether, iu a country actually
discovered, a man who enters a river previously
known does thereby obtain for his country a title
to its valley? That is a question which has not
yet been discussed, and 1 should like to see the
grounds that would bo taken upon it.
It has been put to us by our British opponents
that Gray was a private adventurer; that he com-
municated to his Government nothing of his dis-
covery, nor claimed anything for Inmsclf on ac-
count of it; in fact, it remained lont? unknown that
he had ever been there. All he did was to solve
the doubt whether the river could be entered, and
put an end to the dispute whether there was a rnor
there or not. But Gray having communicated
nothing to the American Government, and the Gov-
ernment having set up no claim from his discove-
ry, then came up the question how far we denrcd
any title from the fact of his having entered the
river i This is a question which stands in the way
of' our claim, as resting on general principles. The
British say it constitutes an exception which takes
this case out of the general principle. j
But then, it is said, that we have a right to the
river on the ground of the discovery of Lewis and
Clarke. But here the question arises, Were Lewis
and Clarke sent into that country to make discov-
eries? Did they go there to take possession of the I
country? Did they, as has been alleged,go down
tile river in order to cairy out the tieaty of .Louisi-
ana, and take possession of the Columbia valley
under the treaty ? Now, it is a notorious fact that
the expedition of Lewis and Clarke had been
planned before we had any knowledge of the ex- :
istence of the Louisiana treaty, and therefore it
cannot be said that they were sent to execute the
Louisiana treaty, when the instructions under ,
which they acted were given to them before that :
treaty was known. :
There is another thing which throws doubt on 1
this part of our claim, and which we should carc- :
fully and thoroughly examine before we Uike steps .
that may plunge the nation into war. I have seen
a fact stated in a book, written apparently with a !
view of maintaining the soundness of our title, by |
a Mr. Robertson, a gentleman whom I do not per- !
sonally know, but who, as I understand, is con- '
nected with one of the Departments of the Gov- j
eminent, and written m a spirit which abundantly ;
exempts him from all imputation of partiality to !
Great Britain. The writer docs not gi\e his au-
thority, but he says, speaking of the exploration j
by Lewis and Clarke, that the object of their ex- '
pedition was not to make discoveries, but that it
was purely commercial—for the purpose of open-
ing a trade west of our possessions, and that they
applied to Spam, England, and Russia for pass-
ports, and at tually obtained them. The passage
does not profess, indeed, to be a literal quotation—
that is, it had not the usual marks of quotation, but
is introduced as a transcript from the instructions
given, and that at a time before we got Louisiana.
If this be so, it entirely repudiates so much of our
ground of title as losts upon the exploration of the  
Columbia river by Lewis and Clui ke. I do not,
say that such is the fact : nil 1 s.iy is, that tin's is a I
urave subject for discussion. Yvc may be able to I
answer the difliculty. We may say that, though i
these insti actions were given before we had the |
knowledge of the Louisiana treaty, yet that the j
exploration is valid under that tieaty. 1 hope it i
may turn out to be so, but without a fuller inves- i
ligation 1 am not prepared to ru&h to arms and de- !
tend our title us so clear and unquestionable us to 1
«et all doubt at defiance. I will not do any such
thnt";. i choose, that those who are entrusted with .
the duty of conducting our foreign relations shall u
first remove these diiliculties out of our way, be- j
foie they call on me to take a decided step which |
may lead to war. i
Our next ground of claim rests on the purchase !
of Louisiana. Tin-, u the beat of the whole, and j
it is possible that thi i ground of title may yet pre- J
vail, provided the negotiations are conducted as !
they should be. The bounds of Louisiana on the [
north and on the west have always been matters of !
doubt and uncertainty. If it be true that LoiusU '
ana extends to the ocean, then the country on the i
coast is clearly ours, and our title to it, is good, j
These are stiong arguments upon our side which '
have not been used by our diplomatists. It is said ■
that by the treaty of HtniGieat Dntam rehnquirdi- e
ed to France nil her chums west of the Mississippi; :
but claims to what? Claims to the whole country !
as far as the Pacific; or only so fur as the. hue of j
the French possessions? 1 lere is another question ;
which muy give rise to discussion. Our claim, j
therefore, even under the Louisiana treaty, is not, !
in my view, so perfectly clear and unquestionable j
as to justify us in i^oing to war for it, till all other j
possible expedients shall have failed—-every one of i
them. We must try to obtain it peaceably, if that
be possible; but if, after all oui efforts, we cannot
do this, then comes the question, what shall be our
next step?
But now comes in the title most relied upon by
those who go up to .54° 40'; and that is, the title
under the Florida ueaty, in which were ceded to
us all the rights of Spam north of latitude 42°.
This is held by some gentlemen to be a claim so
obvious, so clear, so unquestionable, so far beyond
everything like houest doubt or hesitation, that we
ought forthwith to fly to arms and enforce its ac-
knowledgment. But "let us look at it. What is
this title ? If it be so perfectly clear, so far beyond
the reach of anything that can possibly shake it, it
seems to me that some of those eminent men to
whom our negotiation has been intrusted, whose
deeds adorn the pages of our history, and whose
characters elevate the American name, must have
been all utterly false to their trust; because, in view
of a rijjht clear as the noonday sun, they have been
|( ready to compromise those rights, to yield up a
portion of the territory, and, in the language of
|! some very emphatic gentlemen," to dismember the
'Union." Can this be possible? The very fact
i would seem, in my view, to be sufficient in itself to
throw a strong doubt over our right to anything
! beyond the latitude of 49°. By exhibiting such an
: extraordinary confidence in this ground of title,
1 and by being ready to go to war in support of it,
i we do seem to cast an imputation on the intelli-
| gencc or the integrity, not only of those negotia-
! tors, but all the Congresses since their time. I
j ask, then, what is this title of Spain north of the
, latitude of 49°? What is the language of the treaty?
i The treaty was entered into that we might get
I Florida; that only was the original object of it; for
j we had no disputes with Spain about the northwest
| coast. But we put into the treaty an article by
j which Spain relinquished to us all her "rights,
j claims, and pretensions" to the country on the
j coast of the Pacific north of latitude 45°. Now,
mark the diffeience in the language applied to
Florida and the northwest coast. Spam cedes to
us Florida out and out. She gives us a perfect
title; she talks nothing about ceding rights and
claims, but she makes to us a warranty deed; but
when she comes to speak of her lands on the Pa-
chic, then she cedes to us all her " rights, claims,
and pretensions," If she had stopped at the word
"rights," it would have meant something; but the
word " claims" weakens the meaning. She calls
her rights ''claims" only; and then, just as if her
claims were good for nothing, she speaks of them
as mere "pretensions." If by the deed we get
nothing better than mere claims and pretensions,
we may well doubt whether we can say that our
title is clour and unquestionable.
in our pleading with Great Britain, we take on
ouiselvcs to make out for Spain an undeniable title
on the northwest coast up to 54° 40', and further
north than that. Well, before we can make good
her title, we must go back to the discussion of
piior discoveiies, and all that. I grant Spain had
the prior discovery. Great Britain herself doea
not deny this. She admits to Spain the general
discovery, but denies to her the minute investiga-
tion of the paitieular features of the country. But
we stand on the general principle of the law of na-
tions, that a discoverer is, under all circumstances,
entitled to all he discovers until he meets another
who has a better title. Omitting settlement and
possession, we go on mere discovery, and on that
ground maintain our title against possession, set-
tlement, occupancy, and everything else. This is
churning a p eat deal, and, for one, 1 doubt whether
we can maintain it. At all events, it is a question
to be discussed. We plant ourselves on the naked
general principle, mid on that alone; Great Brit-
am claims against it actual possession and occu-
pan-y.
But there remains a more serious difficulty still.
Long bcfoie Gray entered the Columbia—long be-
fore the L< ■uisiana treaty, or the Spanish cession
in the Florida tieaty—this matter of the right of
nations to territory on the shores of the Pacific had
been a matter of discussion and controversy, and
had well m<ch led to war; and it was then settled
in a manner which we cannot disturb. And we
have avoided the question. We first impute to
Britain the assertion of claims and rights which
she does not assert, and, when we upset these, wc
think we ha\e established our title. We speak of
her as claiming exclusive title and jurisdiction on
the northwest coast; we upset that claim, and then
we suppose we have established our own claim be-
yond all question. Great Britain has never, to this
hour, set up a claim to exclusive sovereignty, title,
or jurisdiction on that coast; on the contrary, she
disclaims and denies it. She says to Spain that
Spain has no exclusive title or jurisdiction there;
and she says just the same'to us. Not that she
has any herself, but that no Power whatever has
it; but that the country is open to all the world.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson]
did not make quite so greata discovery as he thought
he did. He brought us a document to show that
Great Britain disclaims the exclusive sovereignty
of the country. It was very good proof of that;
but, if he had asked any British negotiator, he
would at once have told him the same thing. She
claims the use of the country for her subjects.
She says to us, and to all other nations, "While
' I do not claim the exclusive possession of the
' country, neither shall you; 1 demand the free vise
