1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
THE MADISON PAPEES.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, by leave, from the Select
Committee appointed .to inquire into the expedi-
ency of providing for the purchase and publication
°i I of James Madison, late President
andbin" States> presented the following report
The committee appointed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of providing by law for the purchase and
publication of the writings of James Madison, late
.President of the United States, not heretofore pub
lished, beg leave to report, in part, that they have
made inquiry respecting the manuscript papers re-
ferred to in the resolution of the House. They
find that these papers are in possession of his ven-
erable widow, to whom they were bequeathed, and
who, thus possessing the property m them, has
alone the right to dispose of theni. It is her wish
to dispose of them for a fair consideration, and she
expresses the desire that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States should become the purchaser. The com-
mittee cannot forbear to say that, in their opinion,
)t is a natural and commendabie desire, consider-
ing the agency which Mr. Madison bad in the for-
mation of" the Constitution which binds together
these States into one great and powerful confede-
racy; and considering, also, the public relation
which for so Ion"; a time lie sustained to the fiov-
ernment of this union. This bequest can alone
become advantageous, and thereby fulfil the affec-
tionate purpose of the testator, by a sale of these
papers.
Looking at the spotless character and eminent
abilities of the author—viewing his disinterested
patiiotism and constant devotion to the welfare of
his country—regarding his useful public labors
and the favorable opportunities enjoyed by him to
acquire and impart information, by reason of the
conspicuous and important stations which lie oc-
cupied—it would seem unavoidable that the high-
est interest should be excited in reference to all his
productions, and that there should be a strong de-
sire on the part of the general community for their
publication. Believing, therefore, that the people
of the United States would be gratified, and that
such publication would be extensively useful, your
committee do not hesitate to recommend the "pur-
chase in the most decided ternin, and for that pur-
pose have herewith reported a bill.
It is deemed useless to raise and discuss the
question of the power of Congress to make such
purchase. Congress has established a library, and
has procured 011 its account works both printed and
in manuscript. The question is at rest.
Your committee append to this report a memo-
randum fUrnished them, exhibiting the character
and ariangcment ofthese writings, remarking that,
should Congress make the purchase and direct the
publication, the order of arrangement, may be
changed if deemed advisable, and such publication
mayembrace the whole or selections. The entire
writings, however, will be included in the purchase
delivered to Congress, or to such agent ns may be
directed to receive and preserve them until the fur-
ther order of Congress, and an absolute and un-
conditional right thereto conveyed, Should the
purchase be made, which the committee earnestly
recommend, it is their intention hereafter to report
on the subjcct of their publication.
Your committee will bo pardoned for making,
in this place, an allusion to a suggestion which has
reached them, that the purchase of the "Madison j
Papers," so called, was intended to embrace all |
the unpublished writings of Mr. Madison. To jj
show the utter fallacy of such a notion, to make jj
manifest so entire a mistake, the committee ie- !>
spectfully refer the House to the concspoiKlence j
and other matter prefixed to the " Madison l'a- |j
pers;"and they will be excused for inserting in 1;
this report an extract from a letter of Mrs. IVIadi- |i
son herself to the President of the United States, ji
dated November 15, 1836: 1;
" However prevailing the restraint which veiled, | i
' during the life of Mr. Madison, this record of the :
' creation of our Constitution, the grave which has |
' closed over all those who participated 111 its for- j
' marion has separated their acts from all that is 1
' personal to him or them. His anxiety for their
' early publicity after this was removed, may be
' inferred from his having them transcribed and
' revised by himself; and, it may be added, the
' known wishes of his illustrious friend, Thomas
' Jefferson, and other distinguished patriots, the
important light they would shed for present as
' well as future usefulness, besides my desire to
' fulfil the pecuniary obligations imposed by his
' will, urged their appearance without awaiting the
' preparation of his other writings."
Congress, by the purchase and publication, will
secure for the public library, and thereby for the
information and benefit of the whole Union, the
valuable writings of one of its most useful, virtu-
ous, and distinguished statesmen; and, in perform-
ing this act of acceptablc service to the country,
will have the consoling satisfaction of knowing that,
consequent thereon, the legacy bequeathed to one of
the most excellent, most esteemed, and most deserv-
ing of American ladies, has become available and
profitable to her, and will be thus made to con-
tribute greatly to the comfort of her declining years.
Nor need any apprehension be entertained that,
by the purchase and publication, there will be re-
corded a precedent for dangerous example. What
other departed statesman ever vindicated principles
with such signal ability—ever administered the
Government with so much purity and success
amidst the most trying scenes—conducting his
country safely and ^loiionsly thiou^h the perils of
a war waged in defence of national rights and for
the maintenance of national honor, and yet through-
out manifesting an invincible firmness, blended
with mildness of character, and a remarkable ex-
emption from the bitter asperities of mere party
feelings'
Mr. Madison was a member of the celebrated
convention 111 the colony of Virginia which com-
menced its session in the cily of Williamsbmg on
the 6th day of May, 177ti. On the 15th of the
same month he iimii d in the adoption of 1 hut sarong
patriotic preamble and iiwohuion which formed the
basis for the motion in the Conlincntal Congress
for the general Declaration of Independence, On ,
the same day he united 111 the resolution for the
appointment of a committee to prepare a Declara-
tion of Rights and a plan of go\einment for the
colony. Un the lath June, (Vili, he united m tin'
adoption of the Declaration of Ktghis, whn h, 111
tact, was a Declaialion of Indepenih nee !>v the
colony of Virginia; and, on ihc :>!)lh follower.; of
the same mouth, gave his suppoi I to the pi,111 of
^'ovcriimont, wheieby the eolony of Vn";iuia be-
came a free, separate, and independent .State. >So 1
(hat Mr. Madison, at a very early age, participa- 1
ted in the formation of the first written systematic !
constitution, voluntarily adopted by a lite people, ;
ever exhibited to the world, lie participated, also, i
and more largely, too, than any other member, in !
the formation of the Constitution which created j
this Confcdi lacy, which assembles together the [
Ueprc.sentatixcH of all the Slates and all the people j
of this vast Union, and confers on Congress all the *
powers and aut I101 ity it possesses. I lead ministered |
the Government, under the Constitution, wisely, ]
purely, and suc<'cs.-.fully. It was his happiness, dur-
ing his Administration, to behold our vita01 ions ban- |
ncrs, and to contemplate the triumph of our arms. I
It was lus satisfaction to know that our rights and '
our honor had become objects of respect, as Ik fou-
they had been of insult. It was his enviable lot to j
live to an old age, universally admired and respect- j
ed by lite wise, the good, and the patriotic. At
the. period of his decease he was the latt of the
framcrs of the Constitution of the United States.
It is not the intention of the committee to recount !|
the long and arduous public services of Mr. Madi- j!
soli; but it is deemed not inappropriate to allude ji
to a few prominent incidents 111 his life. And when n
lus countrymen may have the good foitune to ji
"look upon his like again," then, indeed, the pur- !
chase by Congress of the works of Mr. Madison jj
may not only be quoted as a precedent, but, as |
such, may be safely and profitably followed. j
]>c it enacted by the Senate and House, of Represent- I
atives of the United States of America in Congress !
assembled, That there be paid to D. P. Madison, !
widow of the. late James Madison, former Piesi- I
dent of the United States, out of any money in the |
treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of j
twenty-five thousand dollars, for the purchase of '
all the unpublished manuscript papers of her hus- I
band in her possession, upon her delivering the
same to the Secretary of State, and conveying title
thereto to theUnited States, and describing the said
papers in the conveyance made.
The bill having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ,T. J. McDOWELL, by leave, presented a
preamble and resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Ohio, requesting their Representatives and
instructing their Senators to use their influence to
induce the General Government to take such meas-
ures as will secure to the commerce of the Ohio
river the free navigation of the Louisville and Port-
land canal, and also to procure an appropriation of
money for the construction of a canal around the
falls of the Ohio river, on the Indiana side, of suf-
ficient capacity to admit the largest class of vessels
that nai igate said river; which resolution was read
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PA YNE, by leave, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Alabama, praying
the establishment of an armory at Tuscaloosa, ill
said State; which memorial was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DARGAN.by" leave, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Alabama, praying
a reduction of the price of public lands; which me-
morial was read, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. D. also, by leave, presented another memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Alabama,
praying the extension of the pre emption laws;
which memorial was read, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. 1UUIN KERUOFF, by leave, presented a
preamble and resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Ohio, requesting- their Representatives and
instructing their Senators to use their best efforts
to prevent the passage of any bill which may be
introduced for the purpose of dividing the State of
Ohio into (wo Federal judicial districts: which res-
olution was read, and committed to the Committee
on ihe Judiciary.
Air. DjUIGAN, by leave, presented a memo-
rial ot the Legislature of the State of Alabama,
praying the appropriation of a miiiu of money for
the purpose of deepening the channel of Mobile
hay and opening the Iberville river; winch memo-
I n.U was read, and refeired to the Committee on
I ('onmierce.
Air. I.), also, by leave, ptesen/ed a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Alabama, praying
the, establishment of a mail-route from the State
line post office, by the way of the court-house, and
thiou^h the Double Spiings, in Cherokee county,
to Elyton, in Jcllcrson county, passing through
Ashville, in the county of St. Clair, in said State;
and also a mail-line of communication from Jack-
sonville, in.Henton county, to intersect the afore-
said line at Ashville, in the said county of St.
Clair; which memorial was road, and committed
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The SPBAKKK then proceeded to call the Stages
in their order for petitions; and they were present-
ed from—
By Mr. HUBBARD; A petition
of citizens of ATnidletown, in the State of Connec-
ticut, pmym^ the immediate abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia; which petition was
laid upon the table.
Mr. T1B11ATTS nuncd that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ilERRICK asked and obtained leave to
present the memorial of the National Reform As-
sociation of the United States, and moved that it
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
be printed.
A division of the question was ordered.
Mr. H., in offering the memorial, prefaced it by
saying that the memorial was sent from the city of
New York; that it related to the public lands; that
it was a question that had elicited of late much at-
tention, and the reasoning of the memorial was
clear that some action relative to this great inherit-
ance was indispensable; that speculators were now
abroad, and the time was not distant when they
would be engrossed unless speedy action be had.
The memorialists desire that the public lands be
held as they now are, by the whole people; and
that any person who has no land be allowed to
take and use a small quantity, and possess the
right to sell at any time his improvements, but in
no instance to sell to any person possessing any
other land, and thereby raising up a great landed
democracy; and that they earnestly request the
printing.
