472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; but the printing1 was refused.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution, in the usual
form, providing that all debate on the bill making
appropriations for certain rivers and harbors should
terminate on Wednesday at half-past two o'clock.
Mr. TIBBATTS made a suggestion to substi-
tute Thursday for Wednesday.
Mr. THOMASSON moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. COBB moved to amend the resolution by
striking out "Wednesday" and inserting "Fri-
day."
Mr. WENTWORTH was understood to sug-
gest "Wednesday" of next week.
Mr, T. B. KING made the motion which (it
will be seen) had been previously made by Air.
Thomasson, that the resolution be laid on the ta-
ble.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—.Messrs. Abbott, John Qumoy Ad.xms, Arnold,
Ashmun, Bayly, Bell, Blanch.irU, Biuekenbtoujrh, Brod-
head, Milton Brown, Buffington, Wi)l«am IV. Campbell,
Carroll, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Cocke, Cianston, Oiozier,Culver,Cumnnns,Gairett
Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Edwin II. Ewing, Gcntrj, Guiding*,
Gordon, Graham, Glider, Gnnnell, I-Iarmanson, Haiper^
Herrick, Ihlliard, Hoge, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. Ijigersoll, Daniel P. King, Thomas B. King,
Leake, Lewi*, Levin, Long, MoGruighev, McHeniy, Me-
Ilvame, Marsh, Jolm P. Martin, Miller, Niven, Pavne, Pen-
dleton, Terry, Phelps, Pollock, Rhett, Roberts, Julius Rock-
well, John A Rockwell, Root, Runk, Itu-sell, Hchenck, tea-
man, Seddon, Severance, Leomud If. Sims, Tinman Smith,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stiohm,
Tinbodeaux, Thomson, Benj. Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Trndway, Ttumho, Wenttvoith, White, Wick, Win-
throp, Wood, Woodward, Wnghf, Yell, and Young—90.
NAYS—Mes>ts. Stephen Adams, Atkinson. Bellinger,
Benton, Bitrg^, James Black, James A. Black, Bowhn, Howl,
Brinkerhoff, Wilh.tm G. Brown, John I!. Campbell, < 'larke,
Cobb, Collin, Cullom, ('mmipgh.nn, D.imel, DeMoit, Jhl-
lingham, Douglas. Drumgoolc, Kidman. Faian, Fiekhn,
Goodvear,Giover, Hamlin, TIenb>v. Eluis B. Holme*. flouirh,
Geoige S Houston, Edmund W. !Iuh:ud, flungrrt'oid, Jam<"4
B. Hunt, Charles J. Inga^oll, Jenkins .lame* H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Amhcv. Jolm-on, ( eoig«« VV. Jono. Sea-
born Jones.Lawrence, La S.-ie, las/on, T aim pkin,Mrn«-an,
McClelland, McCh'inand, ISleOonnclI, Jo-eph.!. McDowell,
James McDowell, McKav, Barclay Matnn, ]\lo<-e]ev, Moul-
ton, \Torric. Owen, Pain-.lt. Pei nil, Pi ice, Rnd, RHU', R titer,
Sawtelle, Sawy<-i, Seiuumon, Stuulon, Siarkwcather, St.
John. Strong, James Thompson,'i'huiman, Tibballs, \Vhea-
ton, Wilhania, and Yaneej—7 7.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. TIBBATTS now called foi the question on
his motion that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. A. JOHNSON asked Mr. T. to waive his
motion to allow him to introduce a bill to author-
ize every poor man in the United States who is at
the head of a family, to enter J 60 acres of the pub-
lic domain " without money and without price."
The motion was not waived.
And the question being taken thereon, it was
agreed to.
So the House resolved ilself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Tiiom\s
Smith, of Tndinna, in the'-hair.
Mr. STANTON was entitled to the floor on the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. SAWYER made an effort to take up the '
billfrom the Senate, providing for the raising of a I
regiment of mounted riflemen. j
Mr. J. J. McOOWELL made an ineffectual effort j
to take up the lull to protect the rights of American 1
settlers in the territory of Oregon, until the termi- !
nation of the joint occupancy of the  ame. i
HARBORS AJVD RIVERS.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors and rivers.
Mr. STANTON, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee during the hour. He
thought that extravagant opinions had been ex-
pressed on both sides of this question by gentle-
men who had addressed the committee. On the one
hand, gentlemen had denied to the Government the
constitutional power to accomplish any of the
works contemplated by the bill; on the other, it
was asserted that it was our duty to go much further,
and we were invited to present objects of improve-
ment from all parts of the country, and to swell
the appropriations to a much largeraraount. With
either of these opinions he had no sympathy. His
conviction was that most of the objects contempla-
• t!*1 were^highly important, and entirely
withm the constitutional power of the Government,
and to this point mainly Mr> S. directed his argu-
ment. He thought, however, that some of the ap-
propriations were of a doubtful policy ,- and of more
questionable constitutionality. [This speech will
be given in the Appendix*]
Kir. ANDREW JOHNSON then offered the
following, as a substitute for the amendment of
Mr. Crozier:
" For the improvement of the Tennessee river
and its tributaries the sum of $500,000; one-half
of said sum, as above appropriated, shall be ex-
pended between the city of Knoxville, in eastern
Tennessee, and the head of the Muscle Shoals, in
the State of Alabama; the other half above the
city of Knoxville, upon the Holston, French
Broad, and Nohchubky rivers; the sum, as above
appropriated, shall be expended under the superin-
tendence of five commissioners, whose appoint-
ments shall hereafter be provided for, and their du-
ties defined by law.
u For the improvement of the Cumberland river,
m the State of Tennessee, the sum of $250,000; the
sum, as above appropriated, shall be expended he
tween the mouth of said river andtheCaney Fork,
in White county, Tennessee."
He remarked that he did not intend to commit
himself upon the constitutional question of internal
improvements in offering this amendment. But if
tiie Congress of the United States had the power
under the Constitution to appi opriate money for the
improvement of the Mississippi, the Ohio, or the
Missouri rivers, they had the same power over the
Tennessee river; and justice demanded that their
appropi iations should be equally distributed over
l the various sections of the country, in proportion to
j the importance and the national character of the
| objects calling fur appropriations. This question,
; it appeared to him, had assumed rather a strange
I position. It was admitted by many gentlemen on
; this floor that this Government had power over the
i Mississippi river, but that it was powerless when
i they came to the principal feeders of that river.
] 1 fe contended that they stood on precisely the
! same ground. The Tennessee river, for instance,
| lloafed every element of commerce that was borne
\ on the Mississippi river; the only difference being
j that the amount of commerce was less upon the
! one mer than the other; and he could not under-
; stand the metaphysical distinction which would
make one liver a constitutional object of appropri-
ation by the Geneial Government, because it waft-
ed a certain amount of commerce, and which would
deejnre another river out of the pale of the Consti-
tution, because its amount, of commerce was alittle
less. Where was the dividing line, he would ask
of gentlemen who took this ground. He re-
ferred to the magnitude, extent, and importance,
m a national and commercial point of view, of the
Tennessee river, and ur^ed that it stood on the
same grounds with the Mississippi river.
IhU be ofieied the amendment for another rea-
son. lie wished to test the sincerity even of his
colleagues upon this question, and to see whether
this amendment would be met by sneers and taunts
here from those gentlemen who believe that this
Government has the power to make appropriations I
for objccts of internal improvements. And he re- I
pudiated the system of log-rolling which had been i
practised upon to some extent m former years—to i
gentlemen making their votes upon any appropria- j
tion asked for by others depend upon whether i
those other gentlemen w ould vote for appropria-
tions which they wished for their peculiar sections.
The only question was, Is it proper and constitu-
tional to make the appropriation proposed? And no
regard to what might be the individual opinions of
the gentlemen representing that particular section
of the country should influence the vote.
In reference to the lack of appropriations, under
this bill, for the State of Tennessee, Mr. J. noticed
the fact that Tennessee had no member upon the
Committee on Commerce, (from whom it was re-
ported,) and he digressed into a general review of
the composition of the standing committees of the
House; commenting upon what he considered the
inequality of representation therein of the different
sections of the Union. In the course of these re-
marks,
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired how it was with
reference to Executive appointments? Had not
Tennessee her full share of them r
Mr. JOHNSON replied, that from one county
m Pennsylvania there were eighty-odd Executive
appointments. Pennsylvania had more of those
appointments in one county than the whole State
of Tennessee put together.
Mr. J., resuming his course of remark, ex-
plained the local bearing which his amendment
would have upon the Interests of that portion of
the State of Tennessee which he had the honor to
represent, and advocated its adoption as calculated
to advance and promote those interests.^ .
He hesitated not to avow his conviction that if
this policy of indiscriminate internal improvement
were once opened—if the flood-gates were once
hoisted, bankruptcy, indebtedness, and all the ca-
tastrophes which come in the train of such meas-
ures, would ensue. This bill was a combination
(accidental or intended) of measures which it was
hoped would secure its passage, and would thereby
enable a majority of this House to walk up to the
public treasury and take out millions upon mil-
lions in an indiscriminate, and, to some extent,
wholly unauthorized expenditure. Among its ad-
vocates they found that Representatives from Illi-
nois and Indiana occupied a prominent position,
although he was happy to see one gentleman from
Illinois orthodox and against this measure. If
the legislation of Illinois and Indiana was to be
introduced mto our General Government, let him
ask every sober-minded man to what disastrous
results would it not conduct us. They had at-
tempted it under their State Governments, and
had involved themselves thereby in large indebt-
edness, and had exhausted their resources; and
the same system adopted by the Federal Gov-
ernment would necessarily lead to the same con-
sequences. There was not money enough in
the whole world successfully to carry on and
complete all the schemes of internal improvement
that had been commenced. The States were now
indebted to the amount of $200,000,000, with their
resources all exhausted, and failing to pay the in-
terest on their bonds. If they were now to turn
their eyes on the General Government, and the
General Government were to hold out to them the
facilities necessary to carrying on and continuing
the scheme, what an amount of indebtedness would
be heaped upon it! And how would it be relieved?
By repudiation, it was suggested by him; he had
been in hopes, however, that the days of the bank-
rupt law were passed. Let the States thus become
dependent on the General Government, and the
sovereignties of which this glorious Union is com-
posed would soon sink into petty corporations,
dependent on the Federal power, the recipients of
the bounties and favors of this Federal Govern-
ment; and it would become a great consolidated
power, around which, as satellites, the States would
revolve, receiving from it their light, heat, and mo-
tion. Were we preparedfor such a state of things ?
"Was the Congress of the United States ready to
adopt a system which would bring along wi.th it
so disastrous a catastrophe ?
This system of internal improvements had re-
cently received an impetus from the assembling
of the Memphis convention, at which a distin-
guished statesman of the South had attended, and
who was claimed, in his speech upon that occa-
sion, (which was said to have been approved as
| substantially true by himself,) to have conceded
| this enormous power to the Government, as well
; as the expediency of exercising it. Hence all
1 the powers of the Constitution were to be clearly
leaped over, and broken down. But in that same
| spcech he stated that, for these improvements,
seventeen millions of dollars had already been ex-
pended, and that these improvements were not
' now worth one million of dollars.
Mr. J. reverted to the nice distinctions which
were drawn between constitutional and unconsti-
tutional objects of improvements, and to the diffi-
culty of distinguishing between them. Day and
1 night were the antipodes of each other; yet who
could fix the dividing line between them ? Who
i could tell the point where day ceases and night be-
i: gins ? So with these appropriations. In all cases
' of doubtful power, then, considering this Govern-
ment one of delegated powers, he was in favor of
I deciding against them, and of referring the ques-
| tion back to the people, the sovereign source of
; power, for an enlargement of the Constitution, be-
, fore coming to an affirmative decision. Overleap
j, the Constitution once, and it would but furnish
II a precedent for its infringement again when oc-
j; casion required; and soon it would be frittered
,! away, and become as valueless as the paper upon
11 which it is written.
