1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
Mr. THOMASSON saiff -he should not have
spoken upon this question but for the onslaught
which had been made upon an appropriation pro-
posed for a work in his district—the Louisville and
i ortiand canal. He should not vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman -who had just taken his seat,
as jt came here unrecommended, with no estimates,
no survey, nor anything at all on which they could
act advisedly or understanding^. He should vote
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Crazier,] and he thought it a H&feent
guaranty of the work that 400,000 acres of land
had been appropriated to it, and that the fact that
that appropriation had been sustained bv the pres-
ent President of the United States should be suffi-
cient evidence of its nationality among the friends
of the Executive in this House.
Referring: to the remarks of Mr. Johnson, lie
said they had heard all these horrors of bankrupt-
cy, distress, and ruin predicted time after time upon
this floor; and he told the gentleman he should
vote for no appropriation, whether offered by him-
self or any one else, that did not come in the class
of regular national appropriations, recommended
either by the proper department, and accompanied
by the usual estimates and survey, unless the
gentleman himself offering it went for it. He
had voted on the same ground against an amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
1 hompson] at the last session of #10,000 for Pass
Christian, when the gentleman himself was dmnc
all he could to kill the bill. If he could be influ-
enced by any improper motive, he should be among
the first to vote against this amendment; as the
opening of the Tennessee river, which was urged
as so important, was the very thing which, if' he
were to consult only local and sectional motives,
he should diead, as coming in contact with chan-
nels of communication opened and opening for his
own State; He spoke of the railroad proposed to
be constructed from the Falls of the Oluo to the At-
lantic.
Mr. T. passed on to the subject of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, and expressed his regret
that gentlemen—particularly the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Payne]—should have indulged in
personal denunciations against the owners of" that
stock.
Mr. PAYNE explained that he had certainly
intended nothing personal in any of his remarks.
Mr. THOMASSON' resuming, considered that
the gentleman had made use of the word swindling
in such a manner as to be understood to apply per-
sonally. The gentleman (he said) was radically
wrong in all his charges against these gentlemen;
in proof of which he entered into an examination
of the manner in which that concern had been con-
ducted, showing that the company had charged
nearly fifty per cent, less than they were authorized
by law to do; that the managers were liberal, ac-
tive, and energetic in the discharge of tlicir duties;
and that the complaints arose not from any abuse of
theirs, but from the fact that the extensive commerce
passing through that canal was liable to taxation,
and that of so enormous an amount. Mr. T. detail-
ed many other facts showing the valuable nature
of the stock of that company, vindicating the mode i
in which its concerns had been conducted, and the 1
motives and terms on which the stockholders were
now willing to transfer their interest to the Gov-
ernment, and strongly urging the propriety of re-
lieving the commerce of the West from so exces-
sive taxation, amounting, as he contended, to a
contribution to the national treasury, for the sup-
port of the other commerce of the country. He
also, in more genera! terms, briefly advocated the
importance of appropriations for the improvement
of our great western highways of commerce and
intercommunication, as demanded for the protec-
tion of the property and the lives of the citizens of
the country.
Mr. BRODHEAD made an ineffectual attempt
to lay aside the bitl temporarily, and take up an- j
other one which he indicated. |
The committee finding itself without a quorum, i
rose and reported that fact to the House. i
Mr. McCONNELL then said he rose to a priv- j
Ucged question. Some time since he had given no-
tice of his intention to move for leave to introduce
a bill to provide a home for every man, maid, wid-
ow, boy, and girl, in the United States; and he now
asked leave to introduce that bill.
No objection being made—
He introduced his bill, the title of which is, "A
bill to grant to the head of a family, man, maid, or I
widow, a homestead not exceeding one hundred 1
and sixty acres of public land."
The bill was read the first and second time, un-
der the form prescribed by the rules.
Mr. GORDON moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. MoCONNELL. No, sin no, sir. No lay-
ing my bill on the tabic. Mr. McC. then moved
that the bill be committed; on which, Mr. Gor-
don not pressing the motion to lie, the bill was
committed.
Mr. CI-IARLES J. INGERSOLL said he wish-
ed t,o move a resolution, which he felt bound to
believe no member of the House would object to.
parties, called by gentlemen of that party to which
the President belonged; and so were all those who
conducted the proceedings and debates on the oc-
casion. He knew them all personally, and could
vouch for them individually as men of intelligence,
honor, and dignity of character. The gentleman
who penned the memorial was a man venerable for
his years, and all that could give dignity to char-
acter or authority to opinion. He was the ardent
personal and political friend of General Jackson.
He had supported the Administration of Mr. Van
Buren, and he was the supporter of the present
Chief Magistrate of the country. The mass of the
citizens was composed of the agricultural commu-
nity, quite as respectable for patriotism, honesty,
His resolution was then readby the Clerk ,J as"fol- i! nnA intelligence, as those of any other rural dis-
low
Resolved, That this House will adjourn to-mor- !
row, (Tuesday, the 10th instant,) at'three o'clock, j
in order to attend the funeral of John P. Van Ness, ;
formerly a member of this House, and since Mayor j
of the city of Washington.
The said resolution was read; and pending the
question upon the same,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. PKTTIT: The memorial of Andrew L. Ilobjnpon
and 4'i others of Carroll count)', Tmlinna, praying that the
Views ofthe riwident,n}?expre««pd in his late Annual Mts-
sage, in relation to the Oi^oon territorv, may be carrier! out
by Congress, and that Mop* inav be- taken' to construct a
railroad from the jVliso^ippi river to the mouth of the Co-
lumbia rivei : refcired to the Committee on the Tomtom's.
By Mr. POLLOCK The of William Km*, and
AA others, citizen?. of Lvconmi« eountv, IVmiMlvama, re-
monstrating against any alteration or reduction of the tanfl*
of 184*2
By Mr. L ft. MORSE: The petition of Alexander T) Peek,
playing confirmation of a tract of land m the parish of More-
house ref'.Mred to the Committee on Private Land Chum*.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Amos Sreveiw, and '9
others, citizens ofthe Rtate of Illinois, a«kmu an appiopna-
tion for the removal of the obstructions ui the JXs Monies
and Bock River rapid" of the MVmsvippi tivei
Bv Mr. J. PAY1H: The petition of Knae of Atnla
county, Mississippi, prayins to be continued in the enirv o!
ceitam lands theiem d"-cnl>ed . refcir«<t to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
BvMi.M 1, MARTIN: The petition of citizen''of the
territory of WtseonMn. for an appiopriarion to remove ob-
structions in the JJc* Mmne« and Hock Ri\er lapids in the
Mississippi. The petition of eiti/.ens of Wisconsin, for an
nppiopriation to make a road fiom Ptauie dti Chien to J,a-
pointo on Lake Superior. The petition of em/.cn- of Green
county, Wisconsin, fora^raduafmn of puce of public land
triet in the land, and as little likely to be affected
by anv dread of Butish power as by the ran tings
of political demagogues. They were ready to
sustain the Administration in any just vindication
of the undoubted rights of the country; but they
were also prepared to hold it responsible, if it un-
dertook to involve the country in any unnecessary
war. They believed that the peace of the country
is seriously endangered by the condition of the
Oregon territory.
These memorialists had not failed to notice the
declaration of the President in his Inaugural Ad-
dress, that the title of the United States to the whole
of the Oregon territory was "clear and unquestion-
able." Political supporters of the President, as
they are, they express the startled surprise with
which they heard that declaration. They were
not careless observers of public men and the pro-
ceedings of public bodies. They saw that the
Message of the President declared that all efforts
at such a compromise as ought to be accepted had
failed—that the demands of the British Govern-
ment were wholly inadmissible—that their rejection
of our offer was satisfactory evidence that no prop-
er compromise could be effected—that he had with-
drawn that offer, and that the title of this country
to the whole of Oregon was sustained by what he
was plensed to term irrefragable ihcts and argu-
ments. They saw, too, that after this declaration,
it \vn«< very difficult to perceive in what manner an
appeal to arms was to he avoided, since no com-
promise, such as ou^ht to be accepted, could be
made: and that it was apparent that the question
could not be settled except by one of two modes.
Their apprehension had been greatly increased
when they found that one of these modes was
snatched from them—when they perceived, from
the correspondence, that the President had author-
kie, bv the way of Giand liver The petition of citi/eim of
Dclevnn, Wisconsin, for an appiopiiatiou on a road from
Racine to Detroit.
i Sii « i r i n,pV \},R p .t,tto?.?} 01t1" 1 izetJ the Secretary of State to declare that he would
zens ofMilwaukie, foramm) route uom IVtrot to Mwau- i i . • ^ • i • i •. i«
• • * - l! consent to arbitration m no form m which it could
be conceived, on the ground that, the territorial
rights of the country were not a proper subject of
aibjlr.Uion. These memorialists had studied the
infei national law on this subject. They knew that
publicists deelaied that no Government was author-
ized to appeal to arms, if all peaceful modes of ac-
commodation had not been exhausted; and that, of
these modes, arbitration was one; that it was a
proper mode of settling disputes not involving
IIS SIvXATE.
Tuksday, March 10, liMG.
The. PRESTOKNT laid before the Senate a re-
port from the Treasurer ofthe United States, ac-
companied by statements of his accounts for the          
sen ice of the Post Oflioe Department for the year jj rights essential to the existence of a nation, or m
'  i . cases where the claim of one party could not be
ending the 30th June, 1845. which was read
Also, a report from the PoNtmaxter General of
the United States, in compliance with a resolution
passed by the Senate, in ielation to contiacts for
the transportation of the United States mail be-
tween any of the port* of the United States and
any port or ports of a foreign Power; which was
rend, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PEA ROE presented a memorial of citizens
considered anything* but manifest and insincere
pretences. These inemoiialists read and reflected.
They knew all these piinciples of international
low. They also knew that, in the early history
of the country, many grave subjects had been re-
ferred to arbitration, and all, except in one case,
were so adjusted. Three times had the territorial
rights of the country been submitted to arbitration
jy the Government of the United States. That was
of Queen Ann's county, Maryland, praying the done in 1794 under Jay's treaty, relative to the
adoption ot moderate and pacific measures in the ,j boundary of the province of Maine. By the fifth
settlement of the controversy between the United '■ section of that treaty, this question was referred to
States and Great Britain, respecting the Oregon j arbitration. So he called it, although it was a com-
terntoiy. ^ '[mission—it was entirely the same thing. By that
Mr. PEARCE said that he desired to make a ,! section the Government of the United States agreed
few remarks on this memorial. It was entitled to j! to refer to two commissioners, with power given to
much respect. It did not utter the voice of faction, ii them to select a third, and their decision was to be
It did not speak the language ot party. It was ;j final. The commissioners met, and, in pursuance
not the production of mere politicians, whose busi- ,; of their arbitration and decision, this country now
ness it is to arraign or defend the Administration
chiefly, if not wholly, with a view to their own 1
personal advancement. It spoke the voice of the '
people, as uttered m one of their primary assem- !
blies, composed of men of both political parties, j
met to exorcise their undoubted right of examining I
public measures, and declaring fully their opinions 1
upon them. He had said it was a meeting of both j
hold title to a considerable portion of the State of
Maine. So with the treaty of Ghent. The title to
certain islands in the Bays of Fundy and Passama-
quoddy was doubtful; and it was agreed by the
Government of the United States and that of Cheat
Britain to refer the question to commissioners, and
their decision was to be final. A commission was
accordingly appointed; and by their award the
