476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March5 10,
ject still more complicated. First of these is the !
question which must immediately arise, granting* !
we put an end to this convention. You have first 1
an uii°inal position. What was that? Why,Great
Britain says, we gave up to you the settlement of I
Astoria at the mouth of the Columbia river, and j
that is all. The gentleman says that she admitted !
to the fullest extent our right to be in posses- 1
sion of the whole of the country. Well, where is i
anything of that sort said? Bear in mind, that the }
declaration of Lord Castlereagh was not made in I
any despatch—in any official communication—it :
was not even written in any form by him. No
doubt the original communication was made to our 1
Minister in London, who repeats it to his own Gov-
ernment, and may not, itis leasonableto suppose, '
report it with literal accuracy. Now the question
is, what did the English Government restore?
That which they had taken from us—a little settle- '
meat called Astoria at the mouth of the Columbia ,
nvcr. Look at the terms of the transaction: "We '
acknowledge to have received the settlement of
Fort George." Well, if upon that we are going; to
claim the whole country—that which we then
claimed, and that which we now in addition claim
—X am sure a very serious question Will arise be- '
tvvecn us and England. They will say at once,
we restored you that of which you were In posses- >,
sion. What was that? A trading establishment J
at the mouth of the Columbia. It was not a Gov- :
ernment establishment at all. If it had been a mil - j
itary post, or a civil establishment where there I
were officers of the United States exeicising au- 1
thonty, undoubtedly the restoration of it would ;
have restored all the country over which that ju- i
risdiotion had been claimed" and exercised. But1
here was no Government establishment. It was
the settlement of mere private traders. Then comes ,
the question whether we arc thus lemitted to our ■;
possession, and can &et up a claim to the whole i
country. That is a serious question. Great Hut- \
am will insist that all she gave up was the settle-
ment of Fort George, \\ hieli then was at the mouth 'j
of the river, and the controversy was rather about '
the mouth of the river. By that restoration they !
would be bound to admit that the mouth of the j
nver was restored, and perhaps that portion of
the territory—-possibly the whole valley of the Co-
lumbia. But after all, there is a very grave ques- ii
tion as to what they did m that official suirender, .1
and what would be our rights if this notice were j!
given and the convention terminated. It is obvious jj
that it is open to doubts and difficulties which will j
not by any means render the process of adjust-
ment more facile. !!
Great stress has been laid upon the alleged fact \
that the settlement at Astoria was made by Amer- ;
ican citizens. What about all that? True, Mr. 1
Astor fitted out a ship and sent it there, and this j
establishment was founded. But who did he send?
Who were furnished with the money? Mr. Green-
how states it, and admits that there was a co>n- 1
pany formed, of which Mr. Astor was one of the 1
partners, furnishing the money; the others being ;
mostly, if not all, British subjects from Canada, !
who went with Astor's money and founded this
settlement. They were the persons who surren- ;
dered. Now, why may it not with as much jus-j
uce be argued that this was a British possession j
as that it was an American? It was founded by
a company composed of subjects of both countries, ,
taken during the war by Bntish arms, and restored ,
in 1818. 1 think we had better stand by the res-
toration to the extent that we can well maintain
it, but not to graft upon it other and greater rights
which we cannot educe from it by anv just process
of reasoning. That is one of the difficulties m the
way. and the ground of one of the objections
which I have to the passage of this notice, if it is
to be understood that we thereby immediately are
to set up a claim to the possession of the whole of
the country. And the Senator from Illinois sup-
poses that If that is not yielded, and actual posses-
sion is not acknowledged, and our laws enforced
there, there will be just cause of war. If all the
premises he has assumed were true, it would only
show still more clearly that there are serious diffi-
culties in the way of a final adjustment of this
matter. The Senator says that, in legal consid-
eration, we would be in possession. What would
be the actual state of things? Who would actually
be in possession ? Does he suppose that Great
Britain would at once abandon the whole country,
and admit our right to the possesion of the whole
of it? That she would admit our right to 54° 40',
and at once yield all her claims? I lmogine not.
Now these are some of the difficulties which,
in my judgment, would attend the giving of this
notice, and which appear to me quite insuperable.
But it is said that it will facilitate the peaceful ad-
justment, hasten the amicable termination of all
these difficulties. If I thought so, with all my
heart I would go for it. I am ready to do any-
thing reasonable and proper to bring this matter
to an amicable settlement. If this notice, given
in any form, would do that—if it would lead to
such a result—I would go for it. But how is it
to do that?—how is it to operate?—how bring all
parties to a better understanding? Will its adop-
tion justify us in making more liberal oilers to
Great Britain than we have made, or can make,
without it? Is the Administration expected, after
the passage of the notice, to come forward with a
more libeml proposition for the settlement of the
pending difficulties than could be offered without
the notice? I suppose that is hardly expected or
intended. Well, then, if the notice is not intend-
ed to produce more liberal otters on our part, is
it designed by that means to intimidate Great Brit-
ain? Do gentlemen expect that? Do they suppose
that, after the notice, Great Britain will be forced
into a position more available5 If any think so,
of course it will govern their conduct. But 1 have
no such idea. Let England know that that is your
opinion, and my life for it we will have no amica-
ble adjustment. That is not the way to attain an
amicable and honorable adjustment of national dif-
ferences. How then is the notice to have any ef-
fect with either of the parties so as to lead to a
peaceful arrangement? I am very much afraid
that the effect of it will be to interpose new obsta-
cles—certainly it will interpose new and most se-
rious obstacles in the way of a peaceable adjust-
ment if it is to be given and executed in the
iiuumei indicated by the Senators from Ohio, In-
, dsaau, Illinois, and their friends. Certainly in
| that cnwti the obstacles will be insurmountable,
i Ah ' but they say there will he no war—if we do
! not settle U peaceably there will be no war about
| it, because—mark the sequence of their argu-
' mcnts1—Great Britain dare not e:o to war with
; this country, single-handed, for Oregon. Of that
! the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] gives us most
1 positive Assurance. And the Senator from Illinois
! [Mr. Bkkese] appears to have the same opinion,
j Great Britain dare not go to war with this coun-
! tiy, single-handed, for Oregon. If the gentlemen
| have no other ground for their belief that the peace
j of the country will be kept unbroken than that,
I will not debate the point with them any fur-
ther. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
with his enlarged experience and observation,
believes no such thing as that. Certainly Great
Britain will resist our pretensions. Then how
is war to be averted—peace secured—and an
amicable arrangement of the matter effected by
giving this notice5 Why, the gentlemen all tell us,
with the utmost gravity—really looking as if they
were quite m earnest, and perfectly sober—that
this is no cause of offence to England; that the no-
tice is provided for m the treaty, and that England
cannot declare war against us for doing what is
provided for by the treaty. Well, I suppose no-
oody ever imagined that England would declare
war against us for giving this notice, and I have
no doubt she would'not, if we would stop there.
But do gentlemen propose to stop there? Do they j
intend to do nothing else? They tell us that tins
is but the first step in a series of measures which
are to be adopted for the maintenance of our rights
to the whole territory. Now what are these other
measures5 Are they provided for by the treaty?
We know what they are to be. They are to be
| measures for taking; actual possession—setting up ||
: our authority—maintaining it by fortifying the j
i country—repelling intruders, and so on. It is ;
! said that Great Britain will not dare to declare war
for tli'Jt. Weil, perhnps not; I don't think myself ,
' she W'll ^ ."III t/ill M-lmt T uIlP Wl'l do. >
tain prominent points of it, you would then expel
her by force, or permit her to remain. But who is
to beo-in the war? Their soldiers, with force and
aiWenough, and at the point of the bayonet, will
maintain possession; and then thai would be war.
I know the mere giving of tf>e notice may be an, in-
offensive measure in itself, and really so trifling as
to expose us to the charge of pusillanimity. _ Let
us see the end of this thing; let us follow it up
with other measures proposed, and the experienced
Senator from Michigan says it wil bring on wav.
There is the difficulty; and although this first step
may not be a sufficient cause of war, yet every one
must see that it will lead to such an end. That is
the objection I hare, sir, to the measure; that, al-
though it may be passed and acted on, and be no
cause of offence, yet it must be so connected with
other measures which are to be adopted, that I
an-ee with the Senator from Michigan that war is
inevitable; or if he chooses so to express himself,
that there is no way of avoiding it.
Well, sir, if I could look on this movement as
the Senator from North Carolina and others do,
that by giving the notice in a modified form, it was
to be considered as expressive of a desire that it
should lead to the attainment of a pacific end, 1
would be content to vote for it. But it is because
of the great doubt that hangs about it I cannot vote
for it in any form. I do not know but 1 shalluo
so, if, in the progress of the discussion, anything
may be revealed to give us an assurance that the
purpose of the measure is to negotiate and com-
promise these difficulties in an honorable form, lx
that be not the end in view—if I do not possess
any such assurance, then I see nothing to warrant
me in giving my vote for the notice. I want that
assurance; I want to know the course that will be
taken by the Cabinet from gentlemen who are re-
garded as concerned in shaping these public events.
Without that, I do not see how we could or dare
rush into the tremendous consequences which all
parties agree in saying lie beyond the giving 01
this notice, if no amicable negotiation takes place.
I have heard the idea suggested, that if the notice
is given the two nations will be brought to think
more seriously; that they will be brought face to
face—see the peril of their positions, and meet it;
that the good sense of the two nations win, at this
conjuncture, interpose and keep the peace. ISow
is it come to this ? Is it possible that the good
sense of these two nations is now so benumbed and
asleep, that it is necessary to disturb commerce and.
injure the trade between the two countries, to spread
trouble among our people, to create alarm and panic
in this country, and all over the world; is it possi-
ble that all this must be done before we can arouse
the good sense of the two nations to enter into an
honorable adjustment? It seems to me that the
good sense of both would interpose now, or at any
time, if allowed. What is the difficulty now to
the compromising, terminating, and settling these
disputes ? 1 have heard and read in the papers
but they are not the best authority on such mat-
ters—1 have seen it stated I say-—and the informa-
tion I received also from a quarter such as leads me
to believe it is true—that our Government have
been well advised that this controversy touching
the northwest coast of America may now be ad-
justed if the negotiations are transferred to Lon-
don. That is the opinion of the American Mims-
' ter in London, who is ready and willing to enter
upon them in the full belief that it can be adjusted
—the Senate here holding the control. Why is
that refused ? I do not know; but this I will say,
if there be such a proposition made to our Govern-
ment, and if it has resisted such a proposition, and
declined all steps whatsoever towards an honorable
termination of the dispute, they will owe a respon-
sibility to this country they can never discharge.
Is it kept here for the purpose of being under the
jurisdiction of any particular individual ? Is it, siy-
posed there is so much honor to be achieved by
treating the matter here, as not to allow the Amer-
ican Minister abroad to participate in it ?
1 would suggest to the Senator
   I will tell vdu what I think she will do. >j Mr. ALLEN. - ....
Do you give this notice, withoutbringing affairs to from Maine, whether it be for the
an amicable termi.u.tion: take measures to assert |j to assume that this Government
your jurisdiction there, incorporate this territory jj 1,.lunation from our m Ita(I01a, Wluctt
into the Union, and extend your laws over it,—I ■' has not been made public r , J?ereru.-
am inclined to believe you will, when you come to ij on hypothetical theses, se y
do that, find a force there ready to resist you, and ;! mor, where wul it en .
Such is not argument?
jj a collision will be inevitable. Jf you should hap- j
Ij pen to be overpowered there, and Great Britain j
j; should take possession of the country, or of cer- 1
but a course calculated to prejudice this country ill
WdMUan hardly say whether
