1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
it is wise or not to assume any such thing. It has
been asserted very publicly; I do not know its
truth;" but, as I said before, I had the intelligence
from such a quarter as to lead me to regard it as
true. I would not say anything to prejudice the
Administration, but I expect they should and will
take a little warning; but I will say that if they
have received such a proposition, and they decline
to act on it, nothing can take away the responsi-
bility they shall incur if war ensues. I think from
this circumstance, however, that they mean to set-
tle it here; for I do not think the refusal to act on
the offer would be given on any other idea. I at-
tach a great deal of weight to the observations
made by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Haywood;] but 1 do notknow he is rightin ascrib-
ing to the President the intention of using this no-
tice, if put in his hands, for compromise and nego-
tiation. How is it to be accounted for that the
Government are so indifferent to all they should
attend to in such an emergency—to the power of
defence and aggression on our part—if they dill
not contemplate an adjustment? As the Sena-
tor from South Carolina said the other day, why,
if they regard a war as likely to grow out of this
question, do they not turn their attention to the
most important of all subjects—their finances? Not
a movement whatever has been made towards put-
ting ourselves in a fit state of defence; and I can-
not but believe the refusal to transfer these nego-
tiations to London, coupled with the refusal to
prepare for hostilities, is an earnest that they mean
to settle it peacefully here. If so, I want to know
why it cannot be done without the notice. Why
run the hazard?—why complicate the difficulties?
The Senator from Ohio, and his friends on the
other side, I know, regard it in the light of an as-
sertion of our title to the whole territory. In that
aspect, I can never vote for it; for I have move tlum
once said I cannot give my assent to it till I feel
some leasonable ground of assurance it is not to
be used for any such purpose or measure as would
inevitably bring us into collision with Great Brit-
ain.
Gentlemen speak of the results which are to
follow, it seems to me, in a manner much too light
for so serious a question. What, it is asked, if
there be a war ? what great harm can it do ? Very
little injury will be inflicted in consequence of ii;
as if war Was such a light or trifling matter. Why,
sir, to talk of war now, in the middle of the nine-
teenth century, in that way—condemned, as it is,
by the judgment of the civilized world—appeal's
strange; for it does seem at this day, from the
strength of public sentiment against it, almost im-
possible to bring civilized nations into war. Do
you not see that nearly till the great difficulties
which would have been the cause of war but a
short time ago, are now amicably adjusted. Mat-
ters that a century ago would be the certain cause of
a bloody war, are now settled in a few days. Sir,
the opinions of the world are changed in i egard to
war; and above all, we, as a republican nation,
ought not to regard war as so light on evil. Some
one has said that war is a game for kings to play
at. It is the play of kings—the ultimaralioregnm.
AnT yet it is so patriotic to talk of war! mid
speeches tending to war are patriotic speeches!
as if one's readiness to plunge one's country into
all the calamities of war is an evidence of patriotism
and love of country. Now, sir, war is among the
greatest, if not the greatest calamity that ever
afflicted the world. War is of itself a curse; pcaec
a blessing; and he who would change the blessing
for the cuise, and plunge his nation into this terrible
alternative, is bound to show clearly that there is
no other way left to preserve national rights, na-
tional honor, and the interests of the country—
none whatever. But what says the Senator from
Illinois? [Here Mr. E. read an extract from the
speech of Mr. Breese, and then proceeded. J Now,
sir, rather than surrender any part of this country,
there is nothing which war can bring in its train the
Senator would not rather undergo; nothing which it
can bring, of all the desolation, the burning cities,
or impoverished people! But that is not all.
War may bring, among other things, what?—a
conquest, a dissolution of our Union, a sciyile
war, anything, everything; all that the imagina-
tion of man can conceive of the evils and miseries
that can afflict humanity—everything the mind of
man can attribute to war as a consequence. Yet
all this the Senator would rather undergo before
-he would surrender any part of this territory.
I have said a republic, of all Governments, ought S
; to beware of war. Is it not in a period and state !
of war that popular rights are trodden down? Is;
: it not then that takes place the aggrandizement !
| and consolidation of monarchy, arid" the trampling i
' to the earth of popular power, the tyranny of the j
strong over the weak, and the bands of social ;
union torn apart? Yes, kings may play at this '
game; it is their ultima ratio; it is their harvest; for i
there are spoils to be seized and distributed, all
wrung out of the blood and tears of the people.
At what period do popular rights make the great-
est advance* When have despotic and arbitrary ;j
Governments relinquished then* demands? Pre- ;
cisely in periods of peace. Look at the last thirty j j
years: since that period popular rights have un- I;
aergone a greater progress, and become better un- j;
derstood, and are hotter preserved than ever. In ij
the present day there is a constantly increasing 'j
tendency to secure the rights of the masses of the ;
people. Republican Governments are established i
and extended, greater security is afforded, and the .
powers of monarchy are curtailed: these arc the ,
cffccts of peacc, ana of peace only. And we are ;
to rush into war to protect the rights of our peo- ;
j pie; the honor of the nation demands it; and no- j,
' thing in this long catalogue of evils the honorable j
Senator from INew York and his friends would ;
not undergo, rather than suriendcr any particular \
portion of a territory, to which, to say the least of
j it, we have a very doubtful title. Now, can wo -
justify ourselves in this meusmc* The honor of ,
j the nniion ia concerned. How is the honor of the
nation concerned? It seems to me, if ever there
i was any question of honor, it is long since passed.
If our right to 54° 40' is good, it has been so for a
long time. And yet we have not claimed tt; but :
offered to give it up over and over again. And
j now honor compels us on to the assertion of our
j clear nnd unqucMionnble light, after having over
! nnd over again—once, twice, thnce--~oliered to di- [■
vide it. Now we are bound in honor to go to war i
to maintain it. No, sir: if there is any honor con- !'
cernod, it consists, as suited by the Senator from
North Carolina, in a willingness, if tiny favorable
terms aie otlVted for an adjustment, to accept of
them, os we are bound in honor to do. And yet
! we hear constantly of war, as though it were pain-
otic to plunge a nation into war.
Sir, when 1 consider the multitude of wars that
have desolated the world, and crushed millions; j1
when I reflect on the l'.ict of bow few of them had j!
a just or honorable oni'ui: how many of them were ;j
caused by personal ambition, or private resent-
ments, and other dishonorable motives; when 1
consider that, toniv mind the inference is,that he
who will plunge his country into war is not pa-
triotic; nnd before laying chuni to any such distinc-
tion, he is bound to take the affirmative, and prove
that war is necessaiy and unavoidable, that what is
demanded is peace; and who will not take measures
to secure that blessing, but treat! down the happi-
ness of our people, and rush into a war,—I say, be-
fore he does this, he is bound to show beyond all
manner of doubt that the case is one which cannot
be otherwise disposed of. War is a calamity, [
say, and peace a blessing, and they should not be
exchanged, except upon the most urgent necessity.
Kvery expedient ought to be resorted to. 1 las this ;
been done in the case before us? It has seemed to :
me, during the progicss of the discussion, that j
gentlemen are very unwilling that this question '
should bo settled. In the principal part of their j
speeches, we are told if we have war it will not be '
about Oregon, but it will be a war between repub- !
licanism and monarchy—n struggle between the j
despotisms and combined Powers of Europe against ;
popular rights here; and often aic we told that the !
thrones of Europeare tottering, and their occupants j
looking with the greatest alarm at us; that there is >
i an upheaving of the millions, which must lead to j
! wor with our institutions. Well, I am of opinion
i that when they find their thrones totrering under
j them, these despots will have as much as they can
! attend to at home, without going to war with us.
I Gentlemen on the other .side appear, from what
! they say, anxious to keep the peace; but when
| they tell us of the grasping power of England, and
j of all her oppressions and misdeeds, past and pres-
! ent, in every part of the globe, we seem to have
| set ourselves up as the champions of the human
| race, for the purpose of battling in their behalf
| against this giant Slaygood, and avenging these
: wrongs. And these recitals aie accompanied by
every provocative which can stir up the angry pas-
sions of men, as if with a settled purpose to ^pre-
vent an amicable adjustment of our claims. Nov/,
sir, I will take part in no measures thai will lead to
that result. I desire to suppoit and sustain the
Administration, but lam certain they can do them-
selves no such credit and honor as in adjusting
this old difficulty on principles of compromise hon-
orable and just to both parties.
I regret that the proposal made in last August
was not accepted, or at least that it was not enter-
tained and negotiations continued; for, had they
been, that offer might have led, with some modifi-
cation, to something else. I regret that other
means of settlement have also been so prematurely
rejected. 1 am not quite ready to say that I could
have lecommcnded the offer of arbitration at this
time. I think the reasons given by the Senator
fiom South Carolina a year ago for not agreeing to
arbitiation are. entirely satisfactory; that the pros-
pect of coming to an amicable adjustment by com-
promise was prefeiablc. }'ut, sii, when all other
expedients have failed—when negotiation is at an
end here and in London—when there is no mode
to be found of an amicable adjustment but war or
arbitration—if I am here when the day of voting
comes—if I am lieie to speak my mind on the
subject, I shall justify a resort to arbitration. I
believe it vastly preferable to war; and X believe
our chances of obtaining Oregon are quite as good
by arbitration as war. Oregon would cost us more
, to obtain it by war than it is worth. I know the
' poetic imagination of the Senator from New York
has dressed this territory in very gaudy colors; but
I think the better judgment is that which I have
formed; every dexmption of the country shows it
: to be entmly uuwoithy of obtaining; it at thatcx-
1 pense. I have already spoken of this Oregon con-
cern as ono which, although settled to-morrow,
will give, us a good deal of difficulty. Already
1 measures are in contemplation to afford protection
i —as it is said—to our citizens there, which I shall
1 hesitate long before I vote for. We aie to take
Oregon—or all we get of it—into the American
Union. It is said our citizens arc entitled to the
protection of our laws. Tut do they requise it?
What they have asked fot is not the protection of
lav., but of fojee against aggression. I believe
; they are getting along very well without collision.
But what will be the state of things if we rush into
! this Oregon country with the speed some recom-
! mend ? It is inhabited by tribes of Indians, entire-
j ly pacific to be sure. No war can be apprehended
from them, it is said. We are to stretch our line
: across the Rocky mountains down to the Pacific
1 ocean. Wc have already raised a regiment of ri-
1 flemcn,and appropuated a sum of money to pur-
1 chase land fin themecUon of forts and blockhouses,
i What will bo the consequence of the erection of
| these structures' A little settlement will quickly
; grow up about each; there will be traders and oth-
' ers for various purposes hanging about there. A
trade will commence with the Indians, and we
Know the frauds that have been perpetrated on
, them before; and the same scenes must be gone
over time. Every one of the tribes in that region
1 we shall come m collision with, sooner or later.
■ They will be furnished abundantly with intoxica-
, ting liquors; murders will be committed, and prop-
' city devastated. Some of them will be hung, or
! perhaps shot. Their tubes will avenge them, and
, another Indian war will grow out of it, unless we
j station agents there to keep the peace with them—
• which agents will have to be paid; thus adding
, countless millions to the expenses of government
i as well as increasing the chances of war. The
i peace is well kept now. I read an account, 1 think,
. among the documents, of an expedition made by
! Col. Kearny among these Indians, and he disnp-
j proves of extending a line of military stations
' theie, but shows that the peace is now well kept,
j through the occasional excursions made every
! two or three years by a party of dragoons. That
; is all that is necessary to impress them with a sal-
! utary respect for order and caution, and a con-
! viction of what will happen in case of irregularity.
I But if the inabitants of Oregon are willing to take
j our laws, how are we to do ? It is a settled prin-
|| ciple of our laws, that no preference is to be given
ij in duties to one port in prefeience to another. A
! i port will be established at the mouth of the Colum-
j! ma river, and in a short time there will be a col-
lector and custom-house there. To extend our
laws over these people is in effect the taxing of the
