1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather", 'Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong, Sykes,
Ttribodeaux, Thomasson, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tre4way, Trumbo, Vinton, Wick,
Williams, Wood, Woodward, Yancey, Yeli, and Yost—143.
So the amendment was rejected.
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. D. was proceeding to remark that the select
committee heretofore appointed on the public print-
ing would report in the course of next week—
vVheii he was called to order; the motion to lay-
on the table admitting of no debate.
Mr. BRODHEAD rose to a question of order.
He submitted that one motion to lay on the table
had already been made and rejected, and that it
was not, therefore, in order to renew that motion.
Mr. Gr. DAVIS said that that motion was made
before the amendmen t was disposed of. The ques-
tion was now different.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
on the ground that there had been intervening ac-
tion. When the first motion to lay on the table
had been made, the resolution and amendment were
both pending. Since then, the amendment had
been disposed of, and the resolution alone was now
before the House.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked the yeas and nays on his
motion; which were refused.
And thequestion being taken, the TTnuse decided
that the resolution should not be laid on the table.
The question again recurring on its adoption,
Mr. B. MARTIN said he was not disposed to
be captious m relation to the printing 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Nothing in the
way of debate is m order.
Mr. MARTIN desired, he said, to put an inqui-
ry to the chairman of the sclect committee, [Mr.
Heni.ey.] What would be the cost of printing
these 35,000 copies ?
Mr. HENLEY rose to reply, but was prevented
by calls to order.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. HENLEY again rose to reply to the inqui-
ry of Mr. Martin, but was again interrupted by
calls to order.
The question, " Shall the resolution be adopt-
ed?" was then taken, and decided in the affirmative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ciuiney Adams, Arnold,
Atkinson, Bedinger, Blanchard, Bmikerhofl', William G.
Brown, Buffington, William W. Campbell, John 1-1. Camp-
bell, Carroll, Catheart, Aujjrtstus A. Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man, Cooke, Collin, Crnnstnn, Culver, Cunningham, Jeffer-
son Davis,De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, Uunlap,
Paran, Ficklin, Foot, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gentry,
dvngs, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Gndor, Grmucll,
Hamlin, Hampton, Haralson, Henley, Hofre, E. 11. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, John W. Houston, E. W. Hubard, Sam-
uel D. Hubbard, Hungerlbrd, Washington Hunt, Ciiurlea J.
In"ersol), Joseph E. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James II. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Daniel 1 .
King,Thomas Butler King, Law>enee,JUfuJie, l,eili, Lewis,
Lon", McClelland, McConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, MeGaughey, MeHenry, Marsh, John P. Martin,
Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Owen, l'arrisli, Pendleton, Perrill,
Perry, l'ettit, Phelps, Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Kclfe, Ritter
Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, lloot, Knnk,
Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scamuion, Schenek, Seaman,
Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong,
Sykes Thibodeaux, Thomasson, James Thompson, 1 hur-
man, Tibbatts, Tredway, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Wick, Williams, Winthrop, and Woodwoith—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Ashnmn, Barringer,
Crozier, uullom, i?aniei, cu v.
Erdman, John H. Ewing, Edwin II. Ewing, trover, Har-
manson, Herriek, George S. Houston, James B. Hunt, teea-
born Jones, Preston King. La Sere, Lumpkin, McUean,
McKav, Barclay Martin, Morris, Morse, Payne, R-ithbim,
Heid ithett, Severance, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stewart,
Strohm, Jaeob Thompson, Trumbo, Wood, Woodward,
Yancey, Yell, Young, and Yost—55.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK asked him to withdraw the
motion, to enable him to present a paper touching
the bill under consideration in committee) (the rivci
and harbor bill.)
The motion was rtot withdrawn. . , , .
And thequestion having been, taken, and deci-
ded in the affirmative, the House resolved uself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Thomas Smith, of Indiana, m the
&hair.)
Mr. BRODHEAD made an inefTectnal effort to
take up the bill in relation to the licensing of canal
boats.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors and rivers, and the amend-
ments thereto pending.
Mr. YANCEY gave notice thathe would, when
in order, offer the following amendment; which
was read for information:
"For the deepening of the channels over Dog
river and Choctaw Pass bars, in Mobile bay,
$50,000."
Mr. FARAN said, before voting for any work
of internal improvement, he must be satisfied of its
constitutionality, as well as of its expediency. He
would like to see an amendment of the Constitution,
so to define the powers of the General Government
over this subject, as to enable us distinctly to de-
termine whether a work is national in its character.
In reference to every work of this kind he inclined
to a rigid, rather than to a loose, construction of
the Constitution. For these reasons, he appro\ed
of the veto of General Jackson of the Maysville
road bill. Ilad the principle imbodied in that bill
been adopted by the Government, and the works in
contemplation been carried out, they would have
required two hundred million dollars, and have
rendered the Government bankrupt. That Mes-
sage saved the Government and the people from
such a catastrophe.
But those works which were clearly national in
character, which came within the pale of the Con-
stitution, and which the public, inteiesis required
to be taken e.ue of, "were, not to be neglected; tlu.ie
were many of this character, although they were
not specihciiily provided for m the Constitution.
They were eiejirly included under, and dedueible
from, general grants, as were the pow< rs to grant
pensions, to pay fishing bounties, to make fortifi-
cations and harbors on the seacoast—none of which j!
were specifically gmnted, but which were admitted 1
by nil, and acted upon every day.
This bill provided for two classes of works—for
improvement* of harbors, and of ii\eis. As the
former had be« n dwvlt upon, and conclusively de-
fended, he should duvet hisretmuks to the subject
of the rivers provided for in this bill. These riv-
ers had been declared common highways, and for-
ever free to the citizens of the Ignited Suites; they
belonged equally to the citizens of all the States.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Riiett]
had said that the States of Virginia and Kentucky
owned the Ohio river; but no State had the right
to levy toll, or to ititeifere with the navigation of
that river; and what kmd of ownership is that
which autiiori/es the exercising no control over the
property. These great channels of commerce be-
long to the people of the United States; they should
be improved by the people, the fund to come out
of the common treasury of the country. We sent
our navy abroad to protect our commerce against
pirates, and to this he had no objection; but 111 our
western rivers we had obstacles as dangerous to
navigation, and icquiriiig, in as great adcgiee, a
defence against them. *1*lie improvement of these
rivers he looked upon as a measure of public de-
fence and general welfare. The commerce upon
them equally with the commerce upon the high
seas, required protection. Mr. F. presented statis-
tics showing the value and extent of our western
commerce; the number of boats employed; their
rapid increase; and its great importance generally.
The amount of commerce annually floated on our
western waters was £230,000,000—agreater amount
than the whole of oui foreign commerce put to-
gether, both imports and exports. We appropri-
ate annually $,5,000,000 or $6,000,000 for the navy,
for the protection of our commerce on the high
seas, and scarcely paid any attention to our west-
ern commerce, which neeaed protection to a fully
equal degree.
It was said by gentlemen that notwithstanding
the immense amount expended on these works, no
good had been done. But Mr. F. contended that
the benefit should be looked for in the vastly im-
proved condition of the country.
Mr. F. next passed to the item appropriating
for the Louisville and Portland canal, and gave his
views in advocacy of this measure, ns designed for
the relief of the commerce of the country from the
oppressive taxation imposed upon it.
Mr. GORDON did not believe that Congress
had the power to engage this Government in inter-
nal improvements for the sake of those internal im-
provements; and still he was of the opinion that
they had the power to make some of the appropri-
ations contained in this bill. Fie read from the
Constitution, and held that whatever power Con-
gress possessed on the subject of the improvement
of harbors and rivers, is derived from the power to
lay and collect taxes for the common defence and
general welfare, and to provide and maintain a
navy. There was a distinction between navigable
and unnavigable rivers. He read from a paper
which lie held in his hand the authority of the
common law upon this subject, and in accordance
theiewith held that those navigable rivers where
the tide ebbs and flows, and the great lakes, were
the public property of the notion, and as much un-
der the jurisdiction of the General Government for
purposes of improvement as the high seas theji-
sches; and he denied the authority of this Govern-
ment to engage directly or indirectly in the con-
struction of roads and canals, or of improvements
that do not come within this class. He came from
a district in New York where no improvements of
the kind had ever been made, with the exception
perhaps of two small li^ht-houses, and where none
ever would be made. Hence he had no peculiar
local interest in this bill; and with regard to the
Hudson river, he did not appear here as the advo-
cate of the improvement of the overslaugh. He
should vote for it by itself; but his final vote upon
the bill would depend entirely upon the other ap-
propriations which were connected with n.
This Government had no right to improve the
sea, or any navigable river whei e the tide ebbs and
flows, except for the, purpose of giving protection
to tin- navy of the Go\ernment, or to facilitate our
military operation-?; or, in other woids, for any
purpose, except to establish a navy to protect our
commerce, or defend us from invasion. Some of
the appropriations proposed for the harbors of
Lukes Krie and Michigan ought to be made, to
protect our navy and our commprcc in case of a
contioversv with Gieat Britain, or The Power which
may hold the Canadas. He objected to the man-
ner in which the appropriations for the lakes and
rivers have heretofore been made and expended—•
a few thousand dollars scattered along at every lit-
tle rove, harbor, and inlet, without accomplishing
an effective defence atanyone point; and advised his
western friends, instead of continuing this system,
which looked rather like a scramble for a division
of the spoils than a wise provision for the wants of
the country, to select some one, two, or three eli-
gible points upon which to concentrate our appro-
priations, and to make there efficient harbors for
military and commercial protection and defence.
He referred to the manner m which the appropria-
tions had been expended for the improvement of
the overslaugh in the Hudson; the estimates for
this work being &H19,G34, and §370,000 having
been appropriated upon it at different times; and
then, the appropriation having ceased, leaving the
work incomplete and insecure, so that it had been
washed away and injured, and had done little or
no good.
Mr. WOOD (in his scat) said it had done much
good.
Mr. GORDON. Little good in proportion to
what would have been done had the appropriation
been made, and the work carried on in a proper
and judicious manner. He read from a report of
Colonel Abert, showing the importance of the im-
provement of the Hudson m a military point of
view, and considered that the only ground on
which this appropriation could be justified was,
that while it facilitates and advances the commerce
of these States and of the civilized world, which is
borne upon its waters m so immense quantities, it
is also necessary, in a military view, to facilitate
the transportation of troops and munitions of war
in case of war.
Mr. TIBBATTS was understood to inquire
whether the improvement of the Ohio and the
Mississippi rivers was not called for on the same
ground?
Mr. GORDON resuming, replied that, with ref-
erence to them, he had not yet made up his mind
that they were arms of the sea, that they ebbed
and flowed, and were subject to admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction. He knew that the Mem-
phis convention had made what was certainly a
new discovery—that these inland streams were
