THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1846.
New Series....Wo. 31.
for a survey of the mouth of the Red river, in the
State of Louisiana, reported the same with an
amendment.
J.lr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on' Pensions, reported baric, without amend-
ment, bills from the House of Representatives,
with the following titles, viz:
A hill for the relief of Daniel Insolls.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Watson.
A bill for the relief of James Wyman.
A bill for the relief of James Mains.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the House bill enti-
tled " An act to establish the collection district of
Chicago," reported the same with an amendment.
Mr. DICK INSON moved that the prior orders
be postponed, and the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution for the relief of
Peter Gorman; which motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
considered as in committee of the whole, reported
back without amendment, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States announcing that he had signed
and approved an act for the relief of William Kl-
liott, Jr., of Fulton county, Illinois.]
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. SPEIGTOT moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate, resume the consid-
eration of the " Bill to apply certain alternate sec-
tions of the public domain towards the completion
of works of internal improvements in the State of
Michigan;" which motion was agreed to.
Mr. NILES made some observations in opposi-
tion to the bill, first, because it was beyond the le-
gitimate power of Congress to appropriate money
in aid of works of internal improvement, ami lie
regarded the grant of lands authorized by this bill
as a virtual appropriation of money. lie was also
opposed to the measure inasmuch as it was for
the purpose of bringing these lands into market,
to pay a debt properly due from the State. If
grants of this kmd we're "to be made, they should
be made on a general principle, and should not la-
partial gifts. vrhc new States had already been
very liberally dealt with, and he was opposed to
any future donations beyond what was their equi-
table share with all the other States of the Union.
He was willing to recommit the bill for the pur-
pose of giving power to the State of Michigan to
enter all her public lands at the minimum price,
by which this Government would be relieved from
any connexion with the works proposed to be
carried on.
Mr. CASS resisted the principle attempted to
be revived by'the Senator from Connecticut, that
the Government could not, as the great landhold-
er of the "West, appropriate any portion of these
lands for the purposes of internal improvement. It
was how too late to oppose a policy which had boon
acted on for above half a century. The pioneers of
the country, to whom we are indebted for the erec-
tion of a great empire in the West, were certainly
entitled to be treated justly and equitably; and it
was only justice and equity they sought. Very
little had yet been done as a recompense for the
privations and labor by which this had been ef-
fected. As a question of expediency, he suggest-
ed the propriety of the passage of this bill, both
as enhancing the value of the public domain, and
as contributing essentially to the defence ot our
northwestern country. During the last war, the
inconvenience and public cost produced by the
want of a land communication between the lakes
was beyond' calculation. It was no uncommon
occurrence, at that period, for a wagoner to throw
his load of flour on the road, owing to the impos-
sibility of forcing his way through impervious
roads. Jn every point 'of view, he urged the ne-
cessity of the appropriation contained in this bill.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following substitute
for the bill: ,
" Be it enacted, That the fourteenth and fifteenth
* sections in each township of the public lands be,
1 and are hereby granted to the States respectively
31
' in which they lie, to be applied to the purposes he reiterated the declaration, I could not see
' of internal improvement.'1 j how it was possible that war should be aveitert.
Mr. YULEE then moved that the Senate pro- That apprehension was rendered mucli more m-
ceed to the consideration of the special older of !; tense from the character of the debates etse-
the day, which motion was agreed to. ; where, as well as from the speeches of some ot
1 the President's political friends within this cham-
SPECIAL ORDER—OREGON, fiTC. ! i,er. I oorjj lmt but listen with alarm and dis-
The Senate proceeded to the discussion of the 'i may to what fell from the very distinguished and
special order, being the Joint Resolution of the .experienced Senator from Michigan, lmi. cass j
Committee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give at an early period of this debate; to wtotl hcaia
notice to Great Britain of the Intention of this from the Senator fiom Indiana, [Mi. Hanne-
Govcrnment, to annul the treaty for the joint occu- L can-.] and, above all to what was said by the
nation of the Oregon territory, and the resolutions ; Senator from Ohiu, [Mr. Aili-n,] the chairma
of Messrs. Han'nkoak, Cauioux, Cuittendun, ' the Committee, on [■orei n Relations, who, m my
and CouiciTT, having relation to the. same subject, simplicity, I supposed must necessarily be ap-
•  - ind this ' prized of the views ot the Government in regard to
" the, foreign cone-ems of the country. Supposing
the condition of the country to be what it was rep-
resented to be by cach and ail of the three Sena-
Mr. BREESE rose and said, that he found
morning, on reading the report in the Union of the
speech of the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr.
E\ANrs,"j the following remark-
" it. has been asserted by the Senator from IIH-
'noisthat that territory, in the course of time,
' will he dependent neither on the United States
1 nor Great Britain. I think so, too; and it would
' be far better for both them and us.
f and the whole of California could be. connected
'together, it would make a vei y i espec table na-
' tion,"
If tins paper did not circulate among his political
friends, Air. B. said he should not deem if very
necessary to ask the Senator from Mame to correct
the statement. lie (Mr. B.) made no such siaie-
ment, and never entertained :-uch an opinion, or
harbored such a wish, lb' spoke, of his fears,
not his hopes. What lie said was, in substance,
thir: " If we do not take this course, if we do not
give this notice, if we allow things to remain as
tin v arc, there is manifest danger (hat before the
lapse of many years, difficulties will so thicken
that a war must be the icsiih, or else that (lie
country must be allowed to become an independ-
ent Stale, and (harp me strong indications in many
(juaiters of a desire that such should be the case.
I know it is the opinion of men of high chniocier
and respectability that it is not possible, after the
countiv contains fifty thousand inhabitants, that
it should continue to he an appendage of any Gov-
ernment, and think it ought not. I think dilferent-
ly, however. I think it an important portion of
our empire, ami 1 think that we ought to preserve
it by ail possible, means,,} When he (Mr. B.)
made those remarks, he had in his mind more par-
tors, I could not imagine how it could be possible
that that most direful of all human calamities, war,
was to be avoided; and I was accordingly prepared
i 011 hypothesis of the fact assumed by
If Oregon i; the Scnatoi from Michigan, that war was inevita-
ble.;—to use his own paraphrase of his own term,
wluch, it would appear, has got. out of favor with
himxrlf—" war must come."
; WThat did they represent to be the condition of
: the nation? I speuk'now more particularly of the
l:\vt two Senators from Indiana and Ohio. They
, told us that negotiation was at an end; that we
1 were now thrown back oti our original rights; that,
1 by these original rights, as bad been officially an-
nounced, our title to the whole country way be-
yond all question; and that the national honor must
be forfeited, if that title should not he maintained
by force of arms. F felt that he must have been a
eurehss and a profitless reader of English history
who could indulge the hope that, if such was to
be the course and conduct of this country, war
was not inevitable. Then, m addition to my own
, opinion, when 1 heard it admitted by the honor-
| aide Senator fiom Michigan, with that perfect can-
i dor which always distinguishes him on this floor,
i that, in his opinion, England would never recede,
! I felt that war was inevitable.
| 1 now rejoice in hoping and believing,from what
i I have subsequently heard,, that the fears of the
] Senate, as well as my own apprehensions, "were,
l as 1 think, unfounded. Sincc then, the statesman-
; like view taken by the Senator from New York
I who first addressed us, [Mr. Dix/] and by the Sen-
tieularly a portion of the speech delivered at Fan- ,,
euil Hall last year by the honorable Senator from ji ator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] to whom tlus
Massachusetts, [Mr. who, if ho recol- '] whole question is as familiar as a household term
leeted aright, expressed ilie opinion that Oregon —and the spirit ot peacc which breathed in their
ought U> be an independent State. Mr. B. said he |! every word—have fully satisfied me that, so far as
had no doubt the Senator from Maine would cor-
rect the statement in the report of his rcmaiks to
which he had alluded.
Mr. EVANS remarked, in reply, that there wa^
! depends upon them, a fair and liberal compromise
1 of our difficulties v. ould not be in want of willing
and zealous advocates.
And this hope has been yet more strengthened
no misunderstanding between the Senator from 1!- j' by the recent speech of the Senator from North
jinois and himself. He (Mr. E.) did not misun- j( Carolina, [Mr. Hyywood,] not now in his place,
derstand or misrepresent him. He understood p Knowing, as I thought I did, the intimate relations,
him distinctly to dissent from the opinion that it 1 both personal and political, which that Senator
was desirable under any circumstances that Oregon ' bore to the Chief Magistrate—knowing, too, that,
should be independent. Tie [Mr. B.] attributed | as chairman of the Committee onCommcrce,it way
to others such an opinion, and what, he (Air. E.) j his special duty to become informed in regard to
meant to say was, that he (Mr. E.) concurred with
them. The whole arose from a misapprehension
of the purport of his remarks on the part of the
reporter.
Mr. REVEUDY JOHNSON then rose, and ad-
dressed the Senate nearly as follows:
It is with unaffected embarrassment I rise to ad-
dress the Senate on the subject now under consid-
eration; but its great importance and the moment-
ous issues involved in its final settlement are such
as compel me, notwithstanding my distrust of my
own ability to be useful to my country, to make
the attempt. We have all felt that, at one. time at
least, (I trust that time is now past,) we were in
imminent danger of war. • From the moment the
President of the United States deemed it right and
becoming, in the outset of his official career, to an-
nounce to the world that our title to Oregon was
all matters having a bearing on the foreign rela-
tions of the country, I did not doubt, and I do
not now doubt, that in everything he said as to
the determination of the President to accept, if
offered by the British Government, the same terms
which he had himself proposed in July last, the
reasonable inference was, that such anoffer, if made,
would be accepted. I do not mean to say, because
I did not so understand the Senator, that, in ad-
dressing this body with regard to the opinions or
puq^oses of the President, he spoke by any ex-
press and delegated authority. But I do mean to
j say, that I have no doubt, from his knowledge of
j the general views of the President, as expressed m
| his Message, taken m connexion with certain omis-
| sions on the part of the Executive, that when he
i announced to us that the President would feel him-
; self in honor bound to accept his own offer, if now
clear and unquestionable, down to the period of ;] reciprocated by Great Britain, he spoke that which
his Message to Congress in December last, when ' he knew to be true. And this opinion was yet
