482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 11,
more strengthened and confirmed by what I found
to be the effect of his speech on the two Senators
I have named—the leaders, if they will permit me
to call ihem so, of the ullraists on this subject—I
mean the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,]
and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.] He was
an undiscerning witness of the scene which took
place in tins chamber immediately after the speech
of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Hay-
wood,] who must not have seen that those two
Senators had consulted together with the view of
ascertaining how far the Senator from North Car-
olina spoke by authority, and that the result of
xheir consultation was a determination to catechise
thai Senator; and the better to avoid all mistake,
that they reduccd their interrogatory to writing, in
order that it might be propounded to him by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hantnegan:] and if it
was not answered, that it was then to be held as
constructively answered by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Allen.] What the- result of the manoeuvre
was I leave it to the Senate to dccidc; but this I
will venture to say, that m the keen encounter of
wits, to which their colloquy led, the two Senators
who commenced it got rather the worst of the con-
test. My hope and belief has been yet further
strengthened by svhat has not since happened; I
mean my belief in the pacific views of the Chief
Magistrate. The specch of the Senator from North
Carolina was made on Thursday, and though a
week has nearly elapsed since that time, notwith-
standing the anxious solicitude of both those Sen-
ators, and their evident desire to set the public
right on that subject, wc have, from that day to
this, heard from neither of the gentlemen the slight-
est intimation that the construction Given to the
Message by the Senator from North Carolina was
not a true one.
Mr. IIANNEGAN. I refer the Senator to the
columns of the Government paper—the TJmon.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator refers me to the
Government paper—the Union. Very vvcll. I
am glad to hear, from one who has a right to know
what all the relations of the President aie, that the
paper he alludes to is "the Government paper;"
because, as I read what is in the Government
paper to which heiefers, it seems to me as clear
as the sun at noon that the Senator from N'oith
Carolina was right, and the Scnatois from Indiana
and Ohio were wrong. It was not my purpose
to have made use of extracts from that paper, as
the organ of the Government by name; but now
we have it admitted from very high authority that
that, paper is the organ of the Government. I be-
lieve, however, there was a time when the Sen-
ator from Indiana would have very promptly dis-
claimed the authority of that organ.
Mr. HANNEGA'N. 1 do not pretend to call
it the Government paper, beyond the authority
which I have sometimes seen m the paper itself.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is quite sufficient. I j
am content with the Senator's judgment as being ^
quite correct. But, to resume. On Friday night, j
after the scene to which I ha\e alluded, and which I
apparently threw so much dismay over the few >
or the many (whether they are few or many will :
appear hereafter) who go for 54° 40' or a war, and ,
nfter the attention of the President must have been ;
called to what had passed in this chamber, we are j
told, in relation to the conduct which the President i
is likely to pursue m this controversy, that '• his i
future course must be judged by his past conduct;" I
that is. whether he will ac.ce})t the oiler of 49° may
be decided by the fact that lie foi merly ofleied 49°.
Nor is this all. In cautious and honeyed words,
(of which the editor of that print is so complete a
master,) he reads a mild lecture to the Senators
from Indiana and Ohio, and all who concur with
them in their views of this matter. After saying
of Senators on this side of the chamber, that they
evidently " enjoyed the confiscation, and chuckled
over the storm it foreboded," the editor goes on to
say, "The generous spirit of the Senators will
prevent their repetition." Our friends from In-
diana and Ohio are no longer soon catechising, as
they did catechise, the Senator fi om North Car-
olina. " They are all the fncnds of the President."
As much as to say to the Senator from Indiana,
It is all useless. "No evanescent remarks will
{ swerve him from his course, nor disturb that
* self-balanced equanimity of spirit which graces
' the Chief Magistrate, who is determined to do
' his duty, amid all the difficulties that beset his
' path, whether they proceed from political enemies
4 or his friends at home, or from the Cabinets of
4 foreign nations." Whatever, therefore, may
proceed from the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Han-
negan,] or the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,]
we are told that the self-balanced mind which
graces the Chief Magistrate will enable him to
proceed m the course of duty regardless of all
difficulties, come they from what source they may.
If that is given by authority from the President,
then I concede that the Senator from Indiana is the
leader of a forlorn hope.
Mr. HANNEGAN. A forlorn hope, however,
that will lead to victory
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it will be a victory over
your own President.
I say, therefore, that though my mind, at the
commencement of this session, and ever since the
Inaugural Address of the President was delivered,
had undergone the most intense and agonizing
alarm, it is now comparatively easy, and it is so
from the settled and absolute conviction that the
President esteems himself in honor hound to settle
this controversy hereafter substantially on the terms
in which he offered to settle it in July last. Bc-
| fore I sit down it will be my object to prove that
the honor of the country is bound to that settle-
ment.
I will now advcit to some facts having a bearing
on the controversy in repaid to the question of ti-
tle, about which there can be no dispute.
And the, first fact to which i advert is, that from
1789 to the present hour,"England has been in the
practical enjoyment of rights in the disputed terri-
tory; m connexion originally with Spam from the
year 171)2; in connexion with the United States, as
standing upon our own title, before 1819; and by
the express authonty and recognition of the United
States by the comention of the 20th October, 1818,
renewed on the (jth of August, 1827, and contin-
ued to the present hour-—a space of more than fif-
| tyyeais. To what extent she enjoyed these rights,
• is another subject of inquiry; but that she practi-
] cally enjoyed the possession of alleged rights on
! that coast; that those aitserled rights were recog-
! nised by Spam, and from 1792 to 1818 practically
j lecogmscd by the United States, and from 1818 to
j this day expressly recognised by treaty, are facts
; about which there can be no controversy. How
j did she obtain the lights thus piactically exercised?
Whencc were they derived? (whether correctly
; or not, is another question:) but whence did she
pretend to derive them? First, from discoveries
of her own. Pier second ground was, that that
whole territory was in such a condition that no
exclusive right of sovereignty over it existed in
any nation, and that the convention of Nootka
was founded on the principle that the coast and
territory were in such an anomalous condition as
to be open to settlement and occupation by any
and evciy nation who might succeed in occupying
and settling any portion, wherever settlements had
not previously been made. This was the ground
assumed by England. What stood in the way of
its acknowledgment,1 First, the Spanish title ac-
quired by discovery and alleged subsequent posses-
sion; secondly, the American title asserted on the
: ground of discovery and possession; and third, the
Russian title supported m the same way.
; While England was in the exercise of these
1 rights, by whom were they ever questioned? Not
! by the United States, till recently; not by Spam,
! alter the treaty of 1790; not by Russia, after her !
[ treaty with England in 1824. And, as far as we j
; are concerned, our treaties of 1818 and 3827 went ;
I on the admission (or else those who negotiated '■
i them were false to their trust) that there were some |
: rights in England in some portion of that territo- i
j ry. Now, when the treaty of 1838 was made, the !
United States Government was far from claiming 1
! a right to the country under the Spanish title; for
; we claimed on our own right directly against the
! title oi Spam. We claimed by our own discovery
j' and our own settlement, made m the exercise of
; our own alleged national rights—rights that were
j, inconsistent with the title of anybody else, whether
that title was alleged to rest on discovery, posses-
sion, or any other ground. From 1795 to this day,
Spain has ne\erhad possession of any part of the
territory north of 42°; and. during the greater part
of that "time, having lost her possessions in the in-
terior and lost all her American colonies of every
kind, she has had no foothold on the American
continent since she conceded her interest to the
United States in 1819. From 1795 to 1819 is twen-
ty-four years; and if Spain was barred by the
abandonment of the coast, if we. claimed under
Spain m 1819, might not our title well he said to
be barred also?
Now, in my judgment, it would be better for the
respective pretensiofts of the parties if the Nootka
convention1'of 1790 was held to be terminated by
the war of '96 and never revived. If thatconven-
tion was terminated and the English possessions in
Oregon are not to be attributed to it, or ceded, if
gentlemen will have it so, by that treaty, then her
possession is adverse to Spain and all the world.
And if her possession in Oregon has been adverse
to the title of Spain, from 1796 to 1819, Spain hav-
ing abandoned this part of the continent ever since
1795,1 would liKe to know whether the adverse
rights of England, as against Spain, might not be
well defended.
1 am not here to contend that the convention of
1790 was abrogated by the war of 1796, or that it
was not; or that it was revived by the treaty of
1814, which made provision for the revival of com-
mercial treaties between the two nations. What!
maintain is, that it would be better for our title to
consider the treaty of 1790 as in force than as an-
nulled.
Mow did we (until lately) undertake to make
out oui title? First, from the discovery of the
mouth of the Columbia river by Gray, and from
his entrance into the river and sailing some dis-
tance up its stream. I have no doubt that he did
discover it and did enter it. Secondly, from the
exploration of the river from its headwaters down
to the ocean by Lewis and Clarke. Of that explo-
ration there can be no doubt. Thirdly, from the
treaty of Louisiana; and fourthly, from the Florida
treaty in 1819.
Now the Senate will at once perceive that, so far
as these several grounds of title go, they are incon-
sistent with the validity of each other. If we had
a light to Oregon in 1818 we had that right by our
own discovery. If we had no rights there then,
it must have been because the title was either m
Franco or Spain. And then if we derived a valid
title from France, there was no title m Spain. If
we derive our title from Spain, then it can only be
because we had no title from our own discovery or
from the transfer of the country by France.
If we look at the diplomatic correspondence
which preceded the convention of 1818, wc shall
find that the United States maintained the validity
of our title just as stoutly then as it does now. We
contended that our right to Oregon was an original
independent right; and we made it out to a portion
of the territory, but that portion included no more
than the country drained by the waters of the Co-
lumbia river. This carried us up to about latitude
49°, unless some of the interior branches went
higher than that. If this title be denied, then our
other title (and a much better one) was derived
from the French grant. So far it is manifest that
we could pretend to no claim at all beyond lati-
tude 49°.
In 1713 the treaty of Utrecht was made, by the
tenth article of which it was provided that France
should restore to Great Britain the possession of
the coast of Hudson Bay, and that commissaries
should be appointed by each party to determine
the limits between the British possessions on Hud-
son Bay and the possessions of France, and in like
manner to run another line separating the British
and the French colonies. I know that the present
doctrine is that that line was never established, but
I say that it does not lie in our mouth to deny its
j establishment. I will now read from a paper com-
i municated to President Madison by Mr. Monroe,
| then our Minister at the Court of St. James, drawn
] up expressly to justify our Government in refusing
i to ratify the fifth article of the convention of the
1 12th of May, 3803, notwithstanding that treaty had
! been signed under instructions which included the
; fifth fii'ticle with the residue of the treaty. Mr.
| Monroe communicates to the British Government
1 the fact that those instructions were granted at a
' time when the Louisiana treaty had not been en-
, ; tered into, and consequently without any reference
I - to that treaty. But, as we had a short time after-
ij wards got possession of Louisiana, and before this
; i fifth article was ratified, we had under that treaty
a right to go quite up to the parallel of 49; ai3<^ke
J: places it on the express ground that the line of 49
had been established according to the tenth article
of the treaty of Utrecht in 1713. Hear what he
says. [Mr. J. here quoted from Mr. Monroe.]
