1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
to ask him, in a kind spirit, one or two questions,
which it may not be very material that he should
answer one way or the other. It is in vain to say,
sir, as he has said, that the spirit of the age and of
Christianity is against war, and the promotion of
a just right by force. Did the Senator never reflect
that national honor is a national possession of the
highest value ? Did he never consider that a people
that doesnot place a proper estimate upon it, and
«tand up in its defence, is unworthy to be enrolled
«,mong independent nations? Did he never con-
sider that his portrayal of the calamities of war, as
an argument against a war, strikes at the foundation
•of the principleof national dcfence, and releases
the nation from its high and imperious obligation
to protect and defend all the rights of the nation ?
And -that this high duty would end, if we are to
^ount the cost and the calamities of war, and be
deterred from our purpose by them, how great so-
ever they might be.' It. was not the spirit of the
■age, he apprehended; at any rate, it was not the
spirit of the American people, to suffer passively
-any encroachment upon their rights, but would re-
sist it to the death. As the honorable Senator, in
the course of his remarks, thought proper to com-
pare the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hannegan,] and from Oiiio, [Mr. Ali.f.n',] with
himself (Mr. B.,) to a character somewhat cel-
ebrated in English history, the renowned Hotspur,
the allusion, sir, though he (Mr. B.) possessed
none of the characteristics which marked that dis-
tinguished champion, had awakened his recollec-
tion to a portion of his history as portrayed by that
master delineator of human passions and human
nature, in the scene between him, Glendower, and
Mortimer, when, expecting a successful issue to
the rebellion in which they were engaged, they
were dividing the realm of England between them;
and it seemed quite appropos to the last proposition
•of the British Government to divide Oregon by the
Columbia river, and he would commend it to the
■attention of the Senator:
" Methmks my moiety, north from Jiurtoa hero,
In quantity equals not one of vimis:
See how tins river oomes me omnium; in,
Ami cuts mo from the host of alt mj land—■
A hu^e half moon, a monstrous oaiitle oat."
And, sir, (said Mr. B.) on this question of Ore-
gon, I will say with the gallant Hotspur, with a
slight interpolation to suit the case:
" I'll gii?e thrice so much hnul
To any weil-deserving/Viond;
But in the way ot'liurg.iin—-
(And with Eng!?nd too,) mark ye mo !
I'll carii on the ninth ptert of a hair.''
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said lie was very
snuch pleased with the passage, fromthc poet which
the Senator had recited, for he now saw the author-
ity on which the Senator intended to assert our title
to the whole of Oregon—that it was poetic.
Butin relation to another question, as to whether
he meant to say that thespirit of the age was against
a war for the defencc of clear and substantial nation-
al rights. The Senatoreould not seriously suppose
that he would abandon any such rights; he would
leave the war, however, to be produced by the ad-
versary, and not by ourselves. But he had yet to
learn that the adjustment of the controversy by the
President of his own choice would be an abandon-
ment of national honor.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 11, 1846.
The House, in pursuance of the resolution adopt-
ed yesterday, met at eleven o'clock this morning.
There were but a very few members present.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER said that the business first in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL asked leave to offer
a resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS objected, until the committees
should have been call for reports.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ROBERTS, on leave given, presented cer-
tain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Missis-
sippi, (purport not stated;) referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SOHENCK renewed, ineffectually, his mo-
tion for leave to introduce a certain paper, which he
had endeavored to present yesterday.
Mr. S. then asked the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion of Mr. P. King; which were refused.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
—ayes 56, noes 13. No quorum.
So, by sixty-nine members out of two hundred
and twenty-three, the motion was agreed to.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Thomas Smith in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers,
and the amendments thereto pending.
Mr. GENTRY was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee, without concluding, during
the allotted hour.
His object (he said) in addressing the commit-
tee, was not so much to discuss the general merits
of the bill, as to endeavor to impress upon the
minds of members the propriety and justice of
adopting the amendment ot his colleague, [Mr.
Ouo/.ircii.] Tie (Mr. G.) would remark, however,
in passing, that, for his own pait, he entertained
no doubt whatever of the existence in this Gov-
ernment of the power to make internal improve-
ments. lie could not conceive of a Government
instituted for the ends and purposes for which
Governments were ordinarily created, divested of
such a power. It seemed to him to be a power
from its very nature inherent in the Government,
and that it was impossible for the Government to
accomplish the objects of its creation, if it was
wholly and entirely stripped of it.
To determine the extent of the power conferred
upon the General Government by the Constitu-
tion, lYir. G. referred to that instiument, quoting
the sections whtch delegated certain powers to
Confess, and deducing from any one of them this
power of making internal improvements, lie. ad-
mitted its liability to abuse, as every other power
or degree of power was susceptible of being per-
verted to improper and disastrous purposes.
1 le replied to the constitutional argument of Mr.
litiKTT. lie traced briefly the history of this sys-
tem, and the part which it luid been "made to take
m the politics of the country. By referring to
llouse^ document IS'o. 89, 2d session, 23d Con-
gress, it appeared that the whole amount expended
for pui poser* of internal improvements during the.
four years ot' Mr. Adams's Administration was
jjl ,HI!),168 21—or mi iu eiago expenditure of }WG2,-
292 0.r> per milium. l!y relVrring to llouse docu-
ment No. 31, 1st session, 27th Congress, it appear-
ed that the whole amount expended during the
Administration of General Jackson and Mr. Van
Burcn, embracing a period of twelve years, was
P H8—or an average expenditure of $1,-
■24H,5.*n 82; and it appears from the same docu-
ment that more money was expended for purposes
of internal improvement in one year of Mr. Van
Buren's Administration than was expended for the
same purposes dmmg «lie four years of Mr. Ad-
ams's Administration. In the year 18,'i7, the fust
year of Mr. Van Buren's Administration, there
was expended lor purposes of internal imple-
ment, ^l,900,0-lo 0^; and as he had already re-
marked, the whole amount expended for the same
purposes during the four years of Mr. Adams's
Ailniiiiisli.ition was only i,'l,819,168 21.
Mr. G. then passed on to an examination of the
object of the amendment of his colleague, [Mr.
Crozier;] showinsr the impoitant national charac-
ter of the work, ant) its superior claims in that
point ot view over the local proposition of amend-
ment of his other colleague, [Mr. Andrew John-
son.]
Mr. G. replied to the objection which had been
made to the amendment of Mr. Crozier, that it
would be the means of bringing down upon the bill
the veto of the President. He contended that it
was the duty of Congress to go on and pass such
measures as they might deem just and proper with-
out reference to the fact what the President might
or might not do. He argued, however, that the
President was committed to this improvement for
the Tennessee river, because he had voted for the
grant of land which had been often referred to in
the course of the debate, and which, had it been
properly applied, would have overcome the obsta-
cles which it was now proposed to remove.
Mr. G. W. JONES expressed the reluctance
with which he addressed the committee, and said
lie should not have attempted to do so had it not
been for the amendment offered by his colleague
from the Knoxville district, [Mr. Crozier.] This
amendment proposed $250,000 to be appropriated
for the improvement of the Muscle Shoals in the
Tennessee river. This was the only appropria-
tion that could be made by this Congiess in which
his constituents were immediately and directly in-
terested. He referred to the localities of his dis-
trict, showing the effect and bearing which this im-
provement would have upon it. Before entering
this hall he had laid down a rale to which he in-
tended inflexibly to adhere—a rule from which, if
he should depart, lie would render himself unwor-
thy the confidence of the freemen whose Represent-
ative he had the honor to be. That rule was,
whenever a proposition came before him for his
action here as an American Representative and le-
gislator, to look first to the Constitution of his
country and satisfy himself whether th'e power pro-
posed to be exercised was authorized by that sa-
cred instrument. He had appealed to that instru-
ment in this case, and could find no authority there-
in which would justify him in voting either for the
amendment of his colleague or for the bill undef
consideration.
His colleague who had just taken his seat had
endeavored to deduce this power for internal im-
piovements in pait fioni the preamble of the Con-
stitution. But the far-seeing and patriotic wisdom
of the fanners of the Constitution did not leave the
powers it conferred upon these subjects to the,
doubtful construction, the whims, the interests,
and the log-rolling of the Representatives of the na-
tion. Mr. J. considered that that instrument was
couched in simple, unambiguous terms, intended
to be made and actually made so plain that the me-
chanic at his work-bench, the farmer at the plough,
though unlettered and unlearned, may comprehend
its meaning. And after stating in the preamble the
great objeets intended to be scoured, the Constitu-
tion, he said, went on to enumerate the delegated
powers by which those great objects are to be at-
tained. It was true that the power to provide for
the common defence and general welfare was grant-
ed, but the manner in which they were to be se-
cured was expressly pointed out and provided for
by the Constitution itself. If they were to take
this (lower in the broad sense which gentlemen
wished to give to it, it was worse than useless—it
was absurd that the powers given to the General
Government should bo attempted to be enumerated.
He referred to the grants m the Constitution to
Congress of power over commerce, and other grants
from which the power of these improvements had
been attempted to be deduced. However old-
fashioned it might appear—however radical and
straight-laced it might be, he declared that there was
not a solitary provision in the bill now under con-
sideration which, in his opinion, was authorized
by that Constitution which he had sworn to sup-
port.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Fa can] had in-
quired if this construction of the Constitution was
correct, where the power was derived to erect forts ?
Mr. J. answered, that it was expressly granted
in the Constitution, and read therefrom the clause
authorizing Congress " to exercise like authority
' [of ' exclusive legislation'] over all places pur-
' chased by the consent of the Legislature of the
' State in which the same shall be, for the erection
' of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and
' other needful buildings."
Some conversation ensued between Mr. TIB-
B/1TTS and Mr. JONES on this point.
Mr. J. further referred to certain other grants of
power in the Constitution, under which the power
for internal improvements had been claimed to be
included, and replied to those points which had been
made by several gentlemen, denying all these infer-
ences of power, and adopting for himself a literal
construction of the Constitution. And the fact that
this amendment, if made, would go for the benefit
of his district, could have no influence upon him in
his construction of the Constitution, and the dis-
charge of his solemn duties under it.
He expressed his concurrence in the views of
his colleague, [Mr. Andrew Johnson,] that if a
majority of this House should decide that Con-
gress had this power to appropriate for internal
improvements, it was their duty to distribute their
appropriations equally over the country in propor-
