486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Moi to the importance of the works calling for such
improvements, regardless of what might be the
views of the individual Representatives of those sec-
tions m which such objects of appropriations are
found. Ill case the constitutional objections were
removed, the Tennessee river, draining seven
States, and capable of floating so immense an
amount of commerce—an amount which, if the ob-
structions in that river were removed, would be
more important than tile commerce of the Ohio
river—was entitled to receive its full share of ap-
propriations. But for lnmself, lie hesitated not to
avow that lie adhered to the principles of true and
ancient republicanism, and denied the constitu-
tional authority for any of the works of internal
improvement contained in this bill.
His colleague [Mr. Gentry] had spoken about
the Democratic party, and about the bed of Pro-
crustes. His (lvIi. J.'s) opinion was, thdi the
Constitution of the United States and pure denioc-
lacy were both appropriately represented by the
Procrustean bed; and the men who profess to be
Oeinocrats, wherever they are found, and who le-
mained within the bounds of the Constitution, (lie
did not pretend to say what those particular bounds
and that particular bed were for otheis, he knew
what they were for himself,) he would unite cor-
dially and cheerfully with them in canyingout the
great principles of democracy, and lie would go no
Anther. Mr. J. brieily rcferied to and expiessed
his regret at the differences of opinion which ex-
isted among the various sections of the Demo-
cratic party on the subject of internal improve-
ments, and repeated the declaration that he should
stand by the strict and true construction of the
Constitution; and whatever might be the fate of
the principles of equal rights, of opposition to class-
legislation, enriching one poition of the commu-
nity by burdening and oppressing other poitions,
ho "should adhere to them, and if they should go
down, he should go down with tlieni, contending
for the great principles of equality of political
rights in this country.
Mr. COB15 next obtained the floor, and, at re-
qefcst, yielded to
i\lr. STROIIM, who gave noticc of an amend-
ment, when it should be in order, providing that
none of the appropriations contained in this bill
should be expended during the year, provided the
tarili' of 1842 shall be lepealed, modified, or al-
tered during the present session of Congress.
Mr. COBB resumed the floor, and addiesscd the
committee during his hour m opposition to this
bill, oil account of its particular provisions, as Vv ell
as on'|account of its being the entering wedge ol a
general profligate unconstitutional system of ex- j
penditure for internal improvements, which would j
inevitably land the Government in bankruptcy and ;
ruinous indebtedness. The bill now under con-
sideration, together with the pending amendments, '
proposed appropriations of about ^2,000,000 111 |
round numbers. There were also other bills lying
upon the table winch, in connexion with this bill,
proposed appropiiations amounting to between
5^8,000,000 and ^9,0110,000 lor works id' mtoinul '■
improvement. In the existence of these staithug ;
facts, he found an ample justification for trespass- ,
log upon the time of tile committee.
Mr. C. dwelt at much length upon the evils
which the revival of a geneud system of internal I
improvements would entail upon the countrj;
and avowed his decided preference for the distii-
bution scheme of Mr. Clay and the Whig paity, 1
miauitous and oppressive as it was, to the sanction
of this scheme and its adoption by the Gcneial
Government.
Mr. ROOT followed. He moved to amend the
bill by inserting the following items:
" for improving Black River harbor, on Lake
Erie, §2,000
"For improving the harbor at Vermilion, on
Lake Erie, $1,400."
The remarks of Mr. R. were directed, m a great
measure, to an explanation of the necessity of both
these appropriations. He then proceeded briefly
to an examination of the question of constitutional
power, arguing its undoubted existence, and con-
tending for the necessity and propriety of its exer-
Mr. YANCEY then obtained the floor. He re-
gretted to have observed how inattentive this House
was to the discussion of a question involving so
large an expenditure, and which he considered so
vastly important. He had listened to the debate
Marcli;12,
with great interest; and he should -watch the pro-
gress of this bill with an interest which he could
not well express in this Hall, in the other branch
of Congress, (in case it should be sent there,) and
in the hands of the Executive, if it should reach
lum, and an interest which assured lum that from
the Executive, if faithful to the principles on which
he had been elected, it would receive its paralysis,
if it did not here. The question of internal im-
provements by this Government had ever excited
: the moat strenuous opposition in the Republican
| party upon constitutional grounds, from the com-
I mencement of the Government down to the present
I time. From this point Mr. Y. entered into an ex-
amination of die constitutional question (in reply to
the arguments of Mr. Pettit, Mr. Faran, and
1 others) in its general scope and extent, reading from
the Federalist, by Mr. Madison, and citing the au-
thorities of Presidents Madison, Monroe, Jeffer-
son, Jackson, and Tyler, as well as of the present
Exe< utive, (as expressed m his speech upon the
veto by General jackson of the May^villc road
bill,) in support of his position of the utter uncon-
stitutionality, recklessness, profligacy, and unmiti-
jcaiedly disastrous results of the adoption by the
! Federal Government of ;( system of internal im-
j pro\emcms. He also vindicated the course which
; he had taken upon the Oregon question, and brieily
touched upon many other incidental topics of
debate.
The committee then rose and reported.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns*it ad-
journ to moot at eleven o'clock, to-morrow.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Alarch 12, 1846-
7\Tr. BRIGHT piesentcd the memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania and Delawaie, praying that
slrel may be admitted free of duty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr, B. also presented a petition of citizens of
Indiana, praymjv that the difficulties between Great
Britain and the United States m 1 elation to the Ore-
gon territory maybe settled by arbitration; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial of citizens of
Livingston county, New York, praying the abro-
gation of certain treaties made with the Seneca In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of George
Guior, guardian of the orphan children of John S.
Ardis, deceased, late a carpenter's mate in the na-
val service, praying that they may he restored to
the pension roll: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted resolutions passed
by the Legislature of New Hampshire, in favor of
reducing the taritl to a revenue standard, and es-
tablishing an independent treasury; which was re-
ferred i'i i he Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mi. CASS presented two petitions of citizcns of
Michigan, praying that a channel of communica-
tion may ho opened between T.nhe Erie and the
Detroit river: which was refeired to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of
James Bell and Allen S. Johnson, praying per-
mission to enter certain lands, on condition that
they dram the inundated lands adjacent thereto;
which was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. P«ARROW moved that the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, in relation to Putnam's
plough-dredger, submitted several days since, be
printed for "the use of the. Senate; which motion
, was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of a fe-
male anti-slaverv society of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing alteration of the Constitution and laws of the
United States, to absolve the citizens of that State
from participating m perpetuating slavery.
A motion was made and put that the petition be
! laid upon the tabic; which motion the Cliair deci-
ded to be agreed to: when
I Mr. SPEIGHT said, although he seldom op-
I posed motions made for the reception of papers of
j any kind, he found it necessary to object to that
\ just made; and he did it from a sense of duty to
: his constituents, regarding the petition as an un-
warrantable interference with the rights o.f proper-
ty. He asked the Senate to meet it with a direct
vote—by no side-wipe, but directly; and he would
insist on having the yeas and nays on the quekion
of a reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT said the question.of reception
was not before the Senate.
Mr. SPEIGHT. I raise that question,-and ask
the yeas and nays. .
Mr. MANGUM moved to lay the question of
reception on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is, on
laying the petition «m the table.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he was sorry such a mo-
tion had been made. The petition proposes an
amendment of the Constitution. He hoped it would
be given the go-by.
Mr. MANGU3VI did not know the precise nature
of the petition when he made his motion. He rose
now merely to state that it had been the practice'of
the Senate, some years ago, by a general under-
standing, in which the Senator from South Caro-
lina acquiesced, when the question of reception was
raised, for the Chair, without a specific motion, to
lay that question on the table. Perfectly concur-
ring in the views of the Senator from Mississippi,
he still was of opinion that it would be better to
adhere to the practice as he had stated it.
Mr. CALHOUN said the facLwas as the Sena-
tor from North Carolina had stated it. It had heen
the practice to lay the motion for reception on the
table. He had never given his vote in favor of the
reception of such petitions, and he should vote
against the reception of this whenever it might
come up.
The motion to lay on the table was then agreed
to.
On motion, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourn, it be to
Monday next.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill to estab-
lish courts of the United States, and provide for the
due execution of the laws of the United States, in
the State of Florida, reported it without amend-
ment.
PATENT OFFICE KEPOKT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the re-
port from the Committee on Printing, m fkvor of
the printing of 25,000 copies of the recent report of
the Commissioner of Patents, without the list of
patents, and the amendments thereto; one to print
15,000, and the other to print 10,000 copies only.
Mr. ASHLEY remarked that he deemed it pro-
per to explain the motives which had induced him
to make the motion. It would be recollected that
this was an agricultural nation—more so perhaps
than any other nation on the face of the earth. By
the. returns of the last census, it was found that
more than four-fifths of the whole population—at
least eighty-three per cent.—were engaged in agri-
cultural pursuits; leaving seventeen per cent, only
engaged in mercantile, manufacturing, and other
pursuits. Of that number, at least four millions
were male operatives engaged in the cultivation of
the soil. And he would ask, what supply would
twenty-five thousand copies of the report furnish
to that number? Honorable Senators could easily
perceivc how inadequate would be the supply—in-
finitely less than the proportion of the public print-
ing applied to the benefit of other classes of the
community. Nearly the whole of the public print-
i ing for years past had been for the benefit of the
i small section—the seventeen per cent. Immense,
! voluminous, and expensive reports had been made
! for the benefit of the commercial and manufactur-
! ing interests *, and some reports had been made
i and printed at no inconsiderable expense, for what
I purpose it would be indeed difficult to tell. It had
; been said that these documents were a drug on the
| hands of the Government and were sold at two
! cents a pound to the grocers. He had no hesita-
I tion in saying that whatever might be the fact with
! regard to other documents, it was not true with re-
gard to the report of the Commissioner of Patents,
; that it was a drug in the hands of the Government.
! It was sought for with the utmost avidity by the
: agricultural community, and indeed by the whole
i community, for it contained matter of interest, not
j only to the agriculturists, but to all engaged m the
! mechanic arts. It was more important and valua-
| ble to the great masses of the people, than all the
I rest of the documents printed by order of Congress.
