1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48T
But the honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Niles,] asserted that the matter of the report could
be obtained from other sources—insinuating, prob-
ably, that the scissors had been chiefly employed
in its preparation. He (Mr. A.) supposed that the
Senator had not taken the pains of examining the
document. If he had done so, he would have found
that nine-tenths of the contents of the report were
original, and issued from the Patent Office exclu-
sively,being gathered in response to inquiries made
by the department. All the matter relating to the
improvement and promotion of agricultural science
had been obtained in response to inquiries institu-
ted by the Patent Office. He was ready to admit
that some of the matter might have been condens-
ed into smaller space. But as it was, it wets the
most important document that could be circulated
amongst the agricultural classes.
Some gentleman—he did not recollect exactly
who it was—seemed to doubt the constitutionality
of printing extra numbers of any public document;
that the Constitution required that the number of
copies should be limited to that requisite to aid the
legislation of Congress. If this were so, all he
could say was, that they had uniformly been in the
habit of departing widely from the provisions of
the Constitution in that particular. But he did not
think that the view was at oil correct. He appre-
hended that it was legitimate and proppr for them
to make any publication calculated to disseminate
information throughout the masses of the commu-
nity, and for the benefit of the great interests which
the Senate represented. He had no objection to
establish an agricultural department, as one gen-
tleman had suggested. If there were no constitu-
tional provision in the way, he had no objection to
appropriate liberally for an agricultural department
that should take the special supervision of the ag-
ricultural interests of the whole country—-just as
they now did the commerce, and manufactures of
the country. He, apprehended that legislation for
the benefit of the 83 per cent, would be (iuite as le-
gitimate and proper as the Icgislahon tor the 37
per cent. Let them go back to seven years past,
and see the amount expended for public printing.
[Mr. A. here went into a number of details of the
items expended for the printing of public docu-
ments for the last seven years, for the purpose of
showing the large expenditure for reports and doc-
uments not of general interest, as lie contended, or
at least not by any means so valuable and inter-
esting to the majority of the people as the flqiort
of the Commissioner of Patents.] He did not find
fault with these appropriations—he did not quarrel
with the large expenditures for Wilkes's narrative,
or Fremont's report, for instance; but he contend-
ed that, injustice to the interests of the great mass
of the people, a liberal appropriation should be
made for the diffusion amongst them of valuable
information immediately bearing on the pursuits
in which they were engaged. He trusted that the
report of the committee would prevail. He had
heard it stated that this report of the Commission-
er of Patents contained something on political mat-
ters. He was informed by a gentleman on the
other side of the Senate, who had taken pains to
inquire at the proper quarter whether there was
anything of a political nature in the report—any
Bundelcundisms—and he was assured that there
was nothing of the sort—nothing whatever in re-
lation to the tariff—nothing in relation to the ques- ;
tions that'divided the Democratic party and the |
Whig party,—it was solely confined to.the agri- j
cultural and other subjects of which it professed to |
treat. Before sitting down, he would heg leave to '
say that if, after the publication of the ordinary J
number, it should be found that the document was i
o^ the value that it was represented to be, he would ;
ask at some future day for an increase of the num- '
ber, even of 25,000, now to be printed. He knew ;
from his own experience that this document was j
sought for more than any other document. Not-
withstanding the large number printed last year, I
his table was covered with applications for addi- j
tional copies. If, as he had calculated, but one in j
one hundred and sixty of the agriculturists ob- :
tained a copy by the present supply, he hoped that .
in ordinary justice no more than one in one hun- |
dred and sixty of the manufacturers and mcrcan- !
tile classes would be supplied with public docu- j
ments. _ i
Mr. NILES, in reply, said he did not wish to j
repeat what he had said when this subject was un- j
der consideration the other day; he would not go
over the subject again, but would only notice one
or two points in the remarks of the Senator, [Mr.
Asiilly.] The Senator says, whatever may be
the casein regard to other documents published by
| the Senate, which are said to become waste paper,
| and to be sold by the pound, this report lias been
distributed; and such has been the demand for it,
that the number published, large as it was, was not
sufficient to supply the demand. Mr. N. could not
say how it was with the vSenator, or other individ-
ual Senatois, but lie knew that, of the large num-
ber of this document published last year by the
two Houses, a large portion of them were not dis-
tributed by members of Congress, as the Senator
supposes. A portion of them, and he believed a
large portion, found their way into the hands of the
bookstllers, and were disposed of like other pub-
lications of a pri\ att nature. In proof of this, he
would call the attention of the Senate to a copy of
this report now on his table. Mr. N. then read
from the title puge as follows: "The report of
Henry L. Ellsworth, Esq., Commissioner of Pat-
ents, containing an account of the proceedings of
the Patent Office for IHH, printed by order of Con-
gress: Published by Thomasi 'owperthwaite&Co.,
Philadelphia: Piice twenty-five cents." This, Mr.
N. thought, was satisfactory evidence how the
large edition of this repoit, published last year,
was disposed of. But this was only one ease; and
he knew that these reports were offered for sale by
persons ong;tged in the trade in most of our com-
mercial towns. Instead of these reports being dis-
tributed by members of Congress to their constit-
uents, they must have been sold by them at whole-
sale to the booksellers, who put a rover on them
and sell them at retail. We pay for the publica-
tion fiom the public Ueastuy foi the benefit of the
people, and the benefit they receive is the privilege
of purchasing them of the booksellers as they buy
other books, is this a proper use of the public
funds? Instead of the large number printed being
for the benefit of the people, it is for the benefit of
members of Congiess, or aitch of them as havo
made a disposition of these reports in the manner
lie had referred to. In regard to the value of this
report, and the manner in which it was made up,
he had no wish to go into that, inquiry, as lie had
said what he had to say upon it the other day.
The Senator says a l, me port ion of il is original
I matter—a part of it, consisting of answers to eir-
! culars sent out to anybody that it is supposed
j would return an answer, ihit there is no system,
! no principle; and the repoit has no national char-
! aeter. It dot's not give the statistics of the agri-
j culture of the country. But his great objection
I was, that the whole proceeding was irregular and
| illegal. Thoie was no law to .sanction it—no law
to legulate it; it had grown up without authority.
I tf this Government was to undertake to supem.se
> the agriculture of (lie country, it should establish
| an agricultural bureau by hiw, and prescribe and
j direct its proceedings, and place at its head a com-
| potent officer—a piactiral as well as a learned nam.
| But he denied that we had any power to do this,
| and doubted the usefulness of it if we had. He
' had no faith in the Government undetiakmg to
' direct the private inteiests of the people. He be-
! lieved that the people engaged in all the great in-
! tereats of the country understood their own busi-
| ness and their own interests better than we did.
He had not much confidence in this governmental
regulation of private enterprise, which will always
be found to thrive better without such interfe-
rence.
Mr. WEBSTER was in favor of the report of
the committee, it had so happened that on taking
his seat at the extra session of the Senate last year,
a portion of this document of last year, belonging
to his predecessor, and also that which belonged
to his collcaguc, had been assigned to his disposi-
tion, and he disposed of them all; and not only
were they all asked for and received gratefully and
gladly, but down to the last twenty-four hours, ap-
plication for copies of this documentof last year had
not ceased to come in upon him. The document
was evidently interesting. It contained a great deal
of matter. He did not know anything of the merits
of the proposed annual publication, but for one he
could say, that no document had been so generally
read in the part of the eountry with which he was ac-
quainted. No documents had met so much gen-
eral approbation, and been, called for so repeatedly,
as the publication on agricultural subjects emana-
ting from the Patent Office last year.
|j Here there was a call for the question, and the
ij President was about to put it, when
;; Mr. JARNAGIN rose, and said that he was de-
! sirous at that time to bring a privileged question
i1 before the Senate, and for that pin pose he moved
that the subject now under consideration lie on the
. tabic.
; This motion was put and agreed to.
;■ THE LIBEL ON THE SENATE.
|. Mr. JARNAGIN then said; I am aware that it
is not usually necessary, expedient, or proper, to
pay any serious attention to the suggestions or
speculations of newspaper editors. But cases may
occur, and a case has occurred, that, in my humble
I judgment, demands a departure from that general
!! rule: I allude to publications that have made
their appearance in a paper called the Buihj Times,
; published in the city of Washington, on the 5th,
I! the 9ch, the 10th, and the Htli of this month, ma-
! king direct, specific, and positive charges of cor-
ii ruption against a large portion of this body. It is
! not my purpose to say one word harshly in refer-
P ence to the editor or publisher of that paper. Nei-
|' ther i^ it my purpose to pass, in advance, upon the
| innocence of those thus charged; hut I may be
j; permitted to say this: if the charge has the slight-
b est foundation in truth—if any member of this
[j body has so far forgot his own self-respect, or a
j! proper respect for the dignity of the station he fills,
j: as to be concerned in carrying on any intrigue of
fi the nature charged against a portion of this body
i in the publication to which I have referred, it is
high time that this country knew it. And, on the
!. contrary, if it turn out that this chaige is false,
: and entirely unsustained by proof, I will not say
1 what should be the punishment of those who make
| such aehaige. In the paper of the 5th instant, the
j editor, after speaking of an amendment proposed
i, by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Colquitt,]
[i lelating to the Oregon question, and a proposition
i. to adjourn over that had failed, he says:
i "At that particular crisis it did not succeed,
i- 'They who were pledged to it did not all stand
! ' up to their committal; and, instead of being de-
i, 'spatohed to the care of the British steamer at Bos-
■ ' ton, then just ready to embark, an adjournment
i. ' delayed it to afutuic day. Sincc then a more
' complete understanding has been cfTcctcd. Can-
I ' cus meetings have been held; the principle of ac-
' tion laid down; votes counted, and the success of
' the resolutions, in anticipation of final action,
' confidently counted on. But, what is more as-
i tonishing, and showing how false-hearted some
\\ 'of our American Senators are, while seemingly
;; ( contending for the interests of their country and
jl 4 the welfare of its people—how traitorous they
II ' dare be in secret collusions with our hereditary
{ enemy—all tlu.se intrigues to force the Adminis-
ji ' tration into compromise—all these plots to aban-
! 'don our native soil—these bargains to disgrace
i the American nation, and of their substance fill
! 1 the maw of the japacious British lion—were can-
" vasscd and arranged at the British Minister's own
< ' table within the lapse of a few days, where a
r ' meeting, for this specific and express purpose,
' was had, attended by all the loyal advocates of the
* British claim who are comprised in the Whig
j, ' ranks of the Senate, with, as we said above, a
!1 ' few exceptions from the West, of men who could
!' i not m their hearts become the plotters of treason
I ' against their country.
: "On this occasion, disgraceful to the name of
. ' Republican, which one party to this dinner-table
: ' compact assume, the whole strength of the coni-
; 1 promise party icas counted and ascertained; their
! ' firmness in the crisis was pledged for; Minister
I 4 Pakenliam, the representative of the British
I ' Government put in possession of all' her Majesty's9
I ' pat fij strength within the walls of the American
i Senate !
I " Can the American people be made to realize
; 'this most infamous fact!—that the British Min-
j ' ister, instructed by his Government to intim-
i 1 idate, intrigue, or bribe the American people
! ' out of a territory to which that Power has no
j (title, and have never pretended to assert one, can
, £ surround himself m secret conclavc, the doors
| 4 guarded, and the loopholes closed to provide
| ' against betiayal, with a body of Jhncricaii Sena-
i ' tors, with whom he can counsel on what will be
| 1 the effectual means to accomplish the infamy of
! {the American Government, and who are alien
; { enough in heart to commit themselves to his
