488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IS,
* measures of success! Can the American masses
* realize this humiliating fact? We know that,
4 situated as they are, far beyond the pestilence
* of this political atmosphere, and ignorant of
4 the utter bankruptcy in patriotism of some of
' their Representatives, they are slow to believe
4 that American Senators can he found so thor-
* oughly lost to duty, to country, and to self, as to
1 inhst as the partisans of a foreign enemy, in its
* diversified intrigues and corruptions against their
' own Government. Is it not, therefore, lime that
4 they should he alarmed; that they should know
4 how treason stalks through our streets and Capi-
4 tol, how the Constitution is to be rode down by
' perjury, and national honor immolated upon the j
* altar of British feeling and interest? j
" We call upon our republican masses to awa- j
4 ken to this conviction, and we appeal to the press \
4 to sound the warning note. What we here have
' exposed will, in its important part, soon he acted
* out. The vote in the Senate we have forcshad-
4 owed—the plot is matured—the treason will soon
* stand forth in its naked infamy, unless some
* power stronger in influence than any yet intro-
4 duced, almost more than mortal, interposes to
1 save the British confederates in the Senate from
4 the deep damnation of the act!"
After this article appeared, the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] thought proper to de-
nounce on this floor both it and its author. In a
subsequent paper the charge was reiterated; and
an article which had appeared in a Missouri paper
was copied into the columns of the Times, and a
suggestion was made, that, if Senators thought j
proper to set on foot an investigation, the editor !
and proprietor of the paper were not the only indi- j
viduals who should be summoned. After the de- ,
nunciation of the Senator from Georgia, and the j
remarks which followed it from the Senator from I
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] the former charge \
was reiterated in words which Mr. J. would new i
read to the Senate: i
"We reiterate the assertion, that, at a British j
4 dinner, given by the British Minister, attended !
' only by British Whigs, this British compromise i
4 wns the subject of debate, and we have said above 1
4 why the clerical Senator [alluding to Mr. Col- !
4 quttt] was not present—he will do for the ' cats- '
4 paw9 of those men, but they eat their * chestnuts' i
4 in secret. j
" It is also in like character with this particular I
4 denial that he has treated the other several charges \
4 of our article. In his fury of denunciation he has [
4 shown, in every line, ignorance of the most fla- ;
4 giant character*, and, m attempting to exculpate !
' the criminality of others, by wholesale denial of I
1 the application to himself, he has mo?t shamefully ■
' earned throughout the justepithet of weak-headed, ;
4 hollow-hearted tool; and for his willingness to be- '
4 come their vulgar defender, most certainly deserv- '
4 ed a more charitable aid than that which jnfy and .
i apology are this day extending to him.
" We were told on every hand, subsequently to
4 the publication of Thursday's* paper, and down
'to Monday morning, thai such was the excite- 1
4 ment and feeling of the members of Congress and '
4 private citizens, growing out of our chaises, that ,
4 an investigation would be instituted; that the mat-
4 ter could not bp passed over; thai the troncherv ■
4 must be exposed if the charges were true. When
' we wrote and published, we made public what
4 many observing men in this city knew, and we .
4 were ready to stand by our exposure. But inves-
4 ligation was out of the question: investigation
4 would do to threaten, but it would he ruin to act 1
'on. The actors in certain scenes knew tins. They :
' dared not subject their intrigues with the British '
4 Minister and his more immediate British confcd-
4 erates to ihe dissection and nakedness of a public '
4 examination. They talked this ali over. Thfij
4 hfibl (/ caucus on Sim day a>ght—was the Reverend :
4 Mr. Colquitt not there'—and there the whole mat- '
4 ter was debated. The chances of exposure out
4 weighed the chances of self-vindication, and the ;
4 result was a determination on the part of the
4 Whxgs not to act, not to speak, not to notice the
4 subjcci." ;
Nov,, sir, after such a serious charge made 'j
against this body—-after it has been repeated again . j
and again, and the editor and publisher tell us that
we dare not investigate the matter, without saying ;
whether there is any foundation for it or not, I
have a resolution to submit, and ask the imme- !
uiate action of the Senate upon it. ,
The resolution was then read, as follows:
44 Mssolvedj That a committee of three members
be appointed to-inquirc and report what measures,
if any, are proper to vindicate the character and
honor of the Senate against the charges of corrup-
tion, published in a newspaper, printed in Wash-
ington city, called the Daily Times, on the 5th, 9th,
10th,andllth instant, with power to examine wit-
nesses, and send for persons and papers."
Mr. JARNAGIN remarked that it had been
suggested that five members, instead of three,
should constitute the committee. He was willing
that it should be so amended.
Mr. MANGUM said: I have somewhat reluc-
tantly yielded my own judgment to that of others
in reference to this proceeding. I believe I have
held personal intercourse with almost every Sena-
tor denominated as a Whig in this body, and upon
my own part and theirs, I take occasion (differing
from the honorable Senator from Tennessee) to
announce m advance that no such meeting, or any
meeting, either with or without the British Minis- i
ter, has taken place in reference to this matter, or ,
any matter immediately or remotely pertaining i
thereto—I mean the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Georgia. 1 further take occasion to say
in advance, so far as 1 am individually concerned—
so far .as I belie\ e of the others—and I feel author-
ized to speak for every Whig Senator in this
body—there is not a scintilla of foundation for
either the direct charge or insinuation contained
in that paper. My own impression on this sub-
ject has been constantly—till I yielded, as I said,
to the judgment of others—that if the character of
this Senate before the country is not strong enough
to stand up against charges and insinuations not 1
specifically made, totally unsupported by any par-
ticle of evidence, by any newspaper however ele-
vated or however low its character in the country,
it is tii.ie that the Senate should be disbanded. If
there be any individual m tins body whose char-
acter is so weak, so llimsy, so little entitled to pub-
lic contidencc, that upon general charges of the
description contained m this paper, he would feel
it necessary to invoke a committee for their inves-
ts
fir
the position which he occupies.
But  1 though this is my distinct conviction in j
the case, 1 have yielded to this proceeding. I ,
yield, because I understand, from a source which 1 j
regard as entitled to the highest ciedence, that the !
persons connected with this print, or at least one j
of them, has said that these allegations rested upon
information derived from a member of Congress.
If this were indeed so, and if it be a member of
another branch of this Capitol, I have nothing to
s;^y on the subject. If it be any Senator upon this
floor—but, sir, that I regard as impossible, for I
feel perfectly assured that there is not a member on
this floor who believes such a thing; and I will not,
I cannot believe that there is a Senator on this
floor who believes what his understanding repels, j!
and his honesty spurns,—if, however, the refer- !.
ence be made to a Senator, I regard that as an ad- !|
ditioind calumny. If it referred to a member of!,
the other House, and by any personal application '!
to or connexion with any section of the different
puitiex here, he had got a friend to indicate that 1
it was necessary to examine this matter, I should .
have at once yielded, and insisted on an exarnina- i
tion the most severe and searching that could pos- ■
sibly be instituted. As it is, however, this motion !
having been made, I shall vote for it most cheer- '
fully and wnh gr^-at pleasure. I think it is a meas- j
ure due much nioic io the foreign functionary i
whose name has been mixed up with this calumny, i
than it is due to ourselves. Whilst he is here con- .
ducting himself as a gentleman, and violating none :
of the decorums of his position, a common sense
of the courteous hospitality due to the representa- '
tive of a great people, should lead us to protect and ;
defend his reputation with as much solicitude as 1
our own. 1 think m tins ease our reputation needs •
no vindication. The charges will find no echo in ^
the bosom of a single intelligent and virtuous man 1
throughout the wide expanse of this Union. These i
charges involve, at one fell swoop, not only the !
entire Whig party of this body, but also neccssa- ;
rily involves very nearly half of the Senators who
occupy the opposite benches: and not only that,
but, by imputation of inevitable necessity, must in-
volve, as m some way connected with tiiis intrigue
—if it be made successful in its results—the Presi-
tigalion, why, then, according to my instincts and
first imoulses, I think he had better at oncc leave
dent of the United States—tjie Chief Magistrate of
their own choice, $ir, what could be effected by
any'intrigue emanating from the Whig benches
alone ? What could the Whig members of them*
selves do, who constitute a minority of this body?
Indeed, what could they do if they h&d, accession®
from* the opposite seats of the great Democratic
p&rty of .the country unless in the Chief Magistrate
of the Union the conspirators found eo-operation
and assistance? I shall, therefore, vote for the
resolution.
Mr. SPEIGHT said that, in the bill of pains and
penalties which had been framed against the Senate,
there were two counts. Not only as his friend from
North Carolina had very properly remarked, is
the whole Whig portion of the Senate—with one or
two exceptions—implicated in this charge, but also
a portion of the Democratic party; and of the latter
I have every reason to believe that I am one of the
individuals against whom this poisoned<. shaft of
calumny has been aimed. I feel it due, therefore,
to myself—due to that constituency who have sig-
nified their confidence in me by sending me here—-
that I should rise in my place and most emphatically
: deny that I have any knowledge of any intrigue
either amongst honorable Senators of the opposite
party, or those with whom I have the honor to be
politically associated. I have attended no caucus,
with the single exception of one at the beginning
of the session, when you, sir, were refused the
privilege of appointing the committees of this body*
As a matter of course and of necessity, we assem-
bled together on that occasion for consultation rel*
ative to the propriety of the course to be pursued.
I have been often summoned and have never obeyed
j that summons, nor attended any caucus since that.
But in reference to this transaction, I say here in
my place, that I have never attended any caucus
whatever in reference to this matter. The first in-
timation I had of the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from Georgia was, I believe*
i from my friend from South Carolina. I had been
delayed in getting into the Senate on the day when:
[the amendment was offered, and I never heard it
• till it was read, when I made up my mind that,
j with the view of conciliating all parties, and se-
curing as large a majority as possible on this great
i question, and anxious at the same time to follow
! the example of the other House, I would vote for
i that amendment with some slight modification.
That it was the result of any caucus, I believe to
be wholly unfounded; and l here, in my placer
solemnly repeat that I have attended no caucus on
this subject, or entered into any consultation re-
garding it, with any individual, more than that
which has taken place on occasion of my casual
meeting with honorable Senators in this hall. I
deem it also my duty to remark that, from the be-
ginning, I have not regarded this as a party ques-
tion. I have not regarded it as a question on
which Whigs should be arrayed against Demo-
crats, or Democrats against Whigs. 1 have re-
garded it as a great American question, by which
all party lines were broken down—all party feelings
and influences swallowed up. Accordingly, when
I have met my Whig friends in this room, I have
conversed with them freely on this great question,
with an unaffectcd and earnest desire that all dif-
ferences of opinion might be removed, so that when
the hour of action comes, and we are called upon
to vote, we may be able to present an undivided
front. But that I have entered into any intrigue
with the view of thwarting or influencing in any
way the course of the Administration, is utterly
false. I need not say that I am the personal, as
well as the political, friend of the President; and
on all questions, unless my conscience compels me
to differ from him, I shall yield him my sincere
support. That I consider it my duty to do; and
i 1 take this occasion, in conclusion, to say, that al-
i though I have been held up to the world as an en-
:' emy of the Executive—I mean that I have been
j classed with a faction of the Democratic party who
;; are represented as united with the Whigs for the
'! purpose of driving him from his purpose—it may
turn out in the sequel of the business that I am
11 more his friend than some of those now pointed to
I' as his exclusive friends.
;! Mr. CALHOUN was understood to say, that in
j! the absence of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Cgl-
ji he deemed it his duty to say that he had
ji never seen the amendment till it was presented,
i j Mr. BENTON stated, that nearly a mon#i.agOj
:! in conversation with the j3e$ator from Georgia, he
