1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
had intimated, his opinion that a proposition of the
character of his amendment should be brought for-
ward; consequently it was entertained by him a
considerable period before this alleged conspiracy.
Having said thus much as to the time when the
proposition was drawn up, he would say, further,
that if an accusation was made against any Sena-
tor which, in the view of such Senator, touched
his character and honor, Mr. B. would, without
the slightest regard to any-political divisions of
opinion, go for any proper investigation he might
desire. But here the accusation involved not one
Senator only, but many members of that body—
all those wlio belonged to one side of the chamber,
and as many from the opposite side as might be
requisite to carry any measure proposed. A mem-
ber rose m his place, denied the charge in the
strongest terms, and denounced its author as a
slanderer; and the next day, and for days after, the
charge was reiterated and investigation set at defi-
ance. Under these circumstances, whatever Mr.
13. might have thought when the charge was first
broached, he should vote cheerfully for the com-
mittee proposed.
Mr. CHALMERS. I am one of those who
voted against the motion of adjournment alluded
to in the print to which reference has been made.
I felt myself, however, so far above any liability
to these insinuations that I regarded tliem as whol-
ly unworthy of my notice in this place. I know
nothing of any caucus since I have been a member
of this body, except those of the party to which I
belong, and which I have attended when requested
to do so by members of the Democratic party in
this House. I know nothing of any caucus of
Whig members of this body, nor of any inter-
course between them and the Foreign Minister
here. In giving my vote on the question of ad-
journment, I was guided by an anxious desire that
the question of notice should be settled. My mind
was made up. 1 am now anxious that the ques-
tion should be settled. I am, as in well known, in
favor of giving the notice, desiring, however, that
the form of that notice should be such as will com-
mand the largest majority of this body. If any
member of the Senate thinks that this charge is se-
rious enough to demand investigation, I am quite
willing to award that opportunity to him, and
therefore I shall give my vote in favor of the ap-
pointment of a committee.
Mr. WESTCOTT said, if he thought there was
a single member of the Senate who could suspect^
much less believe, a word of the foul charges which
had been made in the 4 Times' newspaper, against
n portion of this body, he should feel in his^heart
as much ashamed of him—he should think as
meanly of him—as Iiedid of the author of thelihrl.
No intelligent man that he had heard of has given
the slightest crcdit to these charges. Surely no
Senator on this floor could suppose they had the
slightest foundation in truth. Mr. W. had voted
against the adjournment alluded to in the * Times;'
yet he did not suppose himself implicated in the
charges. It might, however, not be improper for
him to state—and he could appeal to the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Speight,] to his colleague,
[Mr. Yulee,] to the Senator from Alabama, now
absent from illness, [Mr. Lewis,] and other Sena-
tors, to sustain his assertion—that he did not con-
sent to vote against the adjournment till the mo-
ment before the vote was taken; and when he so
voted, it was with the avowed intention of voting
against the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr." Colquitt.") He never had any idea of
voting for it, as is well known to many Senators on
both sides of the chamber. He was for the whole
of Oregon, and had from the first been strongly in-
clined to vote against the " notice" in any of the
forms yet proposed. He had been all the time,
and was yet, for doing nothing in the matter.
As it respects the present resolution he had in-
tended on yesterday, and the two days previous,
to have proposed a proceeding in relation to these
scurrilous articles in the (Times,J but had been dis-
suaded from doing so by gentlemen on both sides
of the chamber, (and particularly by several Dem-
ocratic Senators not accused in these articles,) on
the ground that it was unnecessary. He thought
such course was due to the Senators slandered,
and that it was most becoming that it should be
proposed by a Democratic Senator; and he would
have done it at all events but for a suggestion that the
presiding officer of the Senate had the power to
exclude the editor and reporters of that paper from
the galleries, and that it would be exercised. He
thought the proper course was to send the libel to
the prosecuting law officer of the District for his
action. He should, however, vote for the resolution
of investigation; not because he deemed it at all
necessary to vindicate the character of the Senate,
or any individual member of the Senate, from such
attacks, but in the hope and expectation that pub-
lic justice might be done to those who had thus
defamed this body in this infamous manner.
Mr. BAGBY. I have only a very few remarks
to offer. I agree with the Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Mangum,] that this procedure was not
necessary; and resting upon the fixed and estab-
lished character of the Senate, I would, had I been
consulted relative to the propriety of offering the
motion, have given the same advice which he of-
fered. I do not believe, I cannot be made to be-
lieve, that the Senate of the United States has
reached that day when itis necessary, by a process
of investigation, to defend itself against assaults of
that character. That day has not yet come; and
I console myself with the fixed and abiding hope
that, that day will never conic. If, however, hon-
orable gentlemen on the other side of the chamber
consider it due to themselves, and to the distin-
guished functionary of another Government, to
whom the Senator from North Carolina had allu-
ded, to constitute this inquiry, I agree not only to
open the doors, but to throw them wide open.
Not a word of the charges has any truth as applied
to me, nor have they, I believe, as applied to oth-
ers. I heard of no caucus—no intrigue—nor do I
believe in the existence of any intrigue nor the
meeting of any caucus. In giving my vote on the
motion to ad journ, 1 was actuated by the convic-
tion that it was premature to vote on the question
at that time, and not for the purpose of preventing
any intrigue. I shall vote for this resolution, un-
der the impression that it is a little letting down on
the part of the United States Senate to take this no-
tice of the publication. It is the first time sincc
I have been here that such a course has been
taken, and 1 trust in my Maker it may be the last.
Mr. LiKRRIF.N. The remark made by the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Baoby,] that if gentle-
men on this side of the chamber feel it due to
themselves to institute this investigation, induces
me to desire that I may not be misunderstood
in voting for this resolution. I shall not do so
under the influence of any such consideration
as that represented by the honorable Senator. I
shall give my vote for the resolution before you,
not from the belief that it if? at all necessaiy to the
vindication of the clmiaeter of any member of this
Senate, either on this or the other side of the
chamber. 1 cannot believe that nny man whose
opinions ought to influence the action of this Sen-
ate, dare avow—communing with his God and his
own conscience—the slightest belief of aught that
is contained in these representations. Therefore I
do not vote tor tins resolution m the belief that it
is necessary to the. vindication of any Senator; but
because 1 doubt whether it is not the right of the
constituencies represented by this body to have
the investigation which has been challenged by
these calumniators; and becnuse I believe that, in
the course of this investigation, we maybe pre-;
sented with a fit opportunity of rebuking that!
licentiousness of the press which is too prominent- ;
ly exhibited at the present day. This is the con- j
sideration which will influence me m voting for j
the resolution; abjuring as I do, at the same time, i
the idea that it can be necessary to the vindication j
of any member of this body, j
Mr. BAGBY. The Senator will allow me to j
say that that remark to which he has alluded was j
made m no unkind spirit, but simply because the j
Senators on the other side were the majority of |
those assailed. i
Mr. BERRIEN. I am perfectly satisfied. I j
am sure the remark was not made unkindly or I
disrespectfully. j
The motion was then put and unanimously j
agreed to; and it was then moved that the presi- ;
ding officer appoint the members of the committee. !
This was also unanimously agreed to. j
The PRESIDENT then named the following j
gentlemen, who constitute the committee of inves- ,
tigation: Messrs. Jarnagin, Benton, Dickinson, :
John M. Ci.ayton, and Titrney. j
Just before adjournment, the following resolu- ;
tion (inserted here for the sake of connexion) was j
offered by Mr. Jarnagin, and adopted: '•
Resolved, That the select committee this day
appointed to investigate certain charges made in
the Daily Times, printed in this city, against a
portion of the United States Senate, be, and are
hereby, authorized to employ a competent clerk,
to be paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the joint resolution of
the Senator fiom Ohio, as amended by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, proposing to give no-
tice to the British Government of the intention of
the United States Government to abrogate the con-
vention for the joint occupancy of the Oregon ter-
ritory, the resolutions of Messrs. Hannegan, Cal-
houn, Crittenden, and Colquitt, and the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives on the
same subject.
The motion pending being on Mr. Crittenden's
substitute—
Mr. ATCHISON obtained the floor, and address-
ed the Senate. Pie said he would not have cared
to say anything on the subject before them, had it
not, during the week previous, assumed a new as-
pect. There were various propositions before the
Senate then, the object of all of which was to put
an end to, to annul, and abrogate the treaty of joint
occupancy between Great Britain and the United
States m relation to Oregon. Now, he was for that
form, and that form alone, which would insure that
end in the fewest woids, and most pointed teims.
He preferred the resolution which came from the
Committee on Foreign Relations, because it effected
the object directly, unencumbered by any con-
ditions whatever. Secondly, he would be willing
to vote for the resolution which came from the
House of Representatives, although it would be
with some reluctance. That form of resolution
was objectionable, because it was meaningless, as
he understood it. [Here Mr. A. read the second
of the House resolutions, containing the proviso in
favor of negotiation.] Now it seemed to him the
Congress of the United States could not confer any
power on the President to negotiate between tlus
Government and the Government of Great Britain
in relation to that territory; that power, he pre-
sumed, was in the President of the United States
and the British Government; hence the resolution
must be meaningless. Yet he admitted another
construction might be, and, indeed, had been, put
upon the second resolution; that, although the Pre-
sident of the United States recommended to Con-
gress that the notice be given, we, at the same time,
confcr on him the power to settle the question. The
House of Representatives could not have intended
to confer on the President of the United States, or
on the Government of Great Britain, power to ne-
gotiate in relation to this subject. The House of
Representatives could not have intended anything
of that kind; and those who would read the first
resolution, would see at once that that resolution
could not, in any state of the case, prevent the Pre-
sident or the British Government from negotiating
in relation to that territory. Then, he would ask,
Was it to be understood that the Congress of the
United States was callcd upon by that resolution to
instruct the President to settle the matter? If so,
the resolution was mere surplusage, and for that
reason he objected to it. Still he was willing to
take it as it came from the House.
The resolution offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky he thought still more objectionable; the ob-
jections, in his opinion, lying principally against
the proviso, "And whereas it is now become de-
sirable that the United States and Great Biitain,"
&c. To that part he had no objection; it was to the
clause that followed—"With a view, therefore, to
the abrogation of this convention, "&c. It was not
with a view to advise or counsel the President of
the United States that he would vote for the notice.
It would not be to force him, or change his views
in regard to negotiation, that he would go for the
notice. These matters he would submit to the
President himself. As he said before, his chief
objection to the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky lay against the proviso, <c that, in Older
to afford time for an amicable settlement," &c.
To this concluding clause he had the most serious
objection, because it pledged the President to ne-
gotiation. He was willing to vote for that form
of resolution which would leave it discretionary
with the President to give or withhold the notice,
as he saw be&t; and that he would do with the
