490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarclilM,
amplest confidence in his discretion. At the same
time lie was willing to share with him the respon-
sibility of giving that notice, whether it should end
in peace or war; he was even anxious to share it.
If that notice were not given, all action during the
present Congress must be avoided. There are
very few measures we could adopt in reference to
the territory of Oregon, until we have removed the
obstacles interposed by the treaty. He would
vote for the notice, not that he expected, not with
a view, either to retard or forward the views of the
Executive on the subject; nor, in voting for it,
would he take into consideration the question of
peace or war. These matters had no influence on
his judgment or his vote; for, as lie viewed the
case, they were questions entirely aside from the
the real one, which might be reduced to one plain
point: " Is it right, is it politic, is it for the best in-
terests of this country, that we shall give this no-
tice; that we shall annul and abrogate this treaty
between the two Governments in relations to the
Oiegon territory?" That was the only question
presented, and the only one that ought to be en-
tertained by the Senate of the United States. If
permuted by the Senate, he would then say that
the Senator from New Jersey, the Senator from
Maine, and the Senator from Maryland, who had
addressed that body so eloquently yesterday, had
assumed high and manly grounds. Two of them,
the Senators from New Jersey and Maine, are op-
posed to, or at least doubted, the policy of giving
the notice at the present time ; but if he was cor-
rect in the inference he drew from their remarks,
they would give the notice on col-tain conditions;
but the only question to be considered was, is it
right and politic to give the notice ? That was
the only question to be entertained, and the sur-
plus matter relative to eompronii.se, &c., whieh at'-- I
eompanied the notice, had nothing to do with the ||
question. i J
If Congress was disposed to sanction a compro- i
mise, they might take the resolutions of the Senator :!
from South Carolina; and if these were not suffi-
dent, they are open to amendment. But it would >
be out of place to attach any proposition of this , >
nature to the resolution of notice. The Senator 1
ftom Maine was met oil the very threshold. He '
said he did not know what use the President of 'j
the United States intended to make of that notice, i
nor could he see why this great moral instrument ,[
(as the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. I-Iay- ]■
tvoobJ called it) was to be placed in his hands. :
The 5*1° 40' men, at the head of whom stood his j-
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,]—he be- ;i
lieved that was generally conceded on all hands—• ■ i
the 54° 40' men, said, m reply to the Senator from 1j
Maine, that they were willing to put that great
mora! weapon into the hands of the President, for
flie purpose of defending our rights from Califor-
rtia to the Russian line. The Senator from North
Carolina informed the Senate that he desired that I.
great moral weapon to be entrusted to his hands, ] i
to be used for purposes of negotiation and com-
promise. He (the Senator from Maine) could not
tell which party was right, nor could he ascertain
what view the President took of the matter. Now,
he (Mr. A.; could refer the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Evan—] to the express declaration of the
President on that subject; and as to the construe- !
tion that might be put on that pait of it to which
!ie referred, he thought there could be no difference
of opinion between the 49° men and the 54° 40'. 1
He would call the attention of the Senate to that ■
portion of the President's Message, as it was
short: , i
"All attempts at compromise having failed, it
s becomes the duty of Congress to consider what
4 measures it may be proper to adopt for the se-
1 curity and protection of our citizens, now inhab-
1 iting, or who may hereafter inhabit Oregon, and
' for the maintenance of our just title to that terri-
' tory. In adopting measures for this purpose,
' care should be taken that nothing be done to vio-
' late the stipulation of the convention of 1827,
' which is still in force. The faith of treaties has
' ever been, in their letter and spirit, and, I trust,
' will ever be, scrupulously observed by the United
' States. Under that convention a year's notice is
' required to be given by either party to the other
' before the joint occupancy shall terminate; and
' before either can rightfully assert or exercise ex-
( culsive jurisdiction over any portion of the terri
' tory. This notice it would, in my judgment, be
' proper to give; and I recommend that provision
' be made by law for giving it accordingly, and
' terminating in this manner the convention of the
' 6th August, 1827."
For the reason assigned by the President, he
would sustain the proposition. He desired to see
the treaty terminated, and all objections raised to
the action of Congress removed. But in every step
they had attempted to take in their proposed meas-
ures to extend the laws and jurisdiction of this
country over Oregon, in their attempts to establish
military posts, they had been met with the objec-
tion that such measures would be a violation of
the treaty of 1827. Hence, whatever was the de-
sire of Great Britain or the United States, whether
they wished to extend their jurisdiction over the
whole or over a part, if it became the interest of
either to institute any particular course of policy
there, it could only be done by the removal of the
obstacles standing m the way; hence the necessity
for that notice. The President could have no in-
tention to give away any of the territory south of
the Columbia river, or as far north as 49° or 54°
40'; and if the Senator from Maine believed our
title a good one, he must admit it would be neces-
sary to assert our exclusive jurisdiction. He (Mr.
A.) had long since, from a knowledge of facts not
possessed by every member of the Senate, arrived
at the conclusion that the policy proposed by the
Senator from South Carolina—a wise and masterly
inactivity—would not answer; and that it would be
a long time before they could even be prepared to
carry out that policy. If he (Mr. A.) understood
that policy, it was to make no move on the part of
Congress; enact no laws, give no encouragement,
nor stimulate our emigrants to settle in the Oregon
territory. That he understood to be masterly in-
activity—a course of policy which had been pur-
sued from 1818 to 1840, when his predecessor [the
lamented Dr. Linn] first moved in the matter. And
it was the agitation of the question from that quar-
ter, which called public attention to the subject.
When it commenced, not a citizen of the United
States thought of emigrating to Oregon; but the
speeches that were made in the course of the dis
(Mr. A.) was impressed with the belief, and'So
understood him, as expressing the .views-."bf -the
President of the United States; but as His speech
was not published, he could not refer to anypar-
ticular expressions showing that he spcike by au-
thority in relation to these matters. He'thought
the Senator from North Carolina had- read from
the record, and drawn erroneous conclusions from
the plainest and clearest texts. Men's minds were
differently constructed, and hence it was that from
texts apparently plain and intelligible in their im-
port, deductions the most opposite in their charac-
ter were sometimes made.
He would now go back to the beginning—to the
Baltimore convention, for it seemed the resolution
of that body was at the foundation of the views
and policy of some Senators. He did not propose
to show that those resolutions were binding on the
Senators from Maine, or New Jersey, or Mary-
land; nor would he attempt to show- they were
binding on the great mass of the Democratic party;
but as an honest man, he believed Hiey were bind-
ing on the members of that convention and the
nominees of that convention. He would not trou-
ble the Senate by reading those resolutions; but, in
substance, they declared that our title to the whole
of Oregon was clear and unquestionable. Now, the
President and Vice President of the United States—
and, if he were allowed to express himself so—
James K. Polk and George M. Dallas were bound
by those resolutions; for common honesty would
require them, if they differed from any principle
proclaimed there, to inform the convention of it,
and to decline their nomination. Was he not
right ? Was there a man present who could dis-
sent from that proposition ? Hence, although it
was no more binding on the Senators from New
Jersey, &e., than a Bible was on a Mussulman, or
the Westminster Confession of Faith on a Metho-
dist or Baptist, yet common honesty would have
required the nominees of the Baltimore convention,
if they differed from its principles, to say so. Now
the great mass of the Democratic fiarty might not
be bound by it. Although a man might be of opin-
cussion in Congress, the reports of both houses ij ion, in joining a churcli, that there were some parts
from 1840 down to 1843, were carefully dissemi-
nated by western Senators among the people, and
this called the attention of the people of the West ;
to the subject; and the very first, expedition that |
took place from the United States, having for its
object the establishment of a settlement in Oregon,
went from the western part of Missouri. With
the most of the individuals comprising that band
he had the most perfect acquaintance. And what
was their inducement to go there ? They antici-
pated that Congress would extend the laws of the
, United States over that country; they expected pro-
| toction from their Government, and that it was
; the object of the United States to take possession
of it.
! Now, he (Mr. A.) would admit that the wild
i spirit of adventure might have induced some of
; them to go to that countiv; but the wild spirit of
; adventure, whatever it might do in some instances,
never induced a man with a wife and family of
| children to go to Oregon. Many went for the pur-
pose of bettering tlieir condition. Poor men ex-
pected grants of land from Government. They
! were willing to risk their lives and-tlicir all, to un
of its doctrine and faith objectionable, still, if he
believed the creed—of Methodism, for instance—
was better than others, he adopted it. He believed
the principles of the Democratic party were sound,
and he acted with tliem, although, on some occa-
sions, he would not do so. But whatever he did,
he took his choice; and therefore the President and
Vice President were, in common honesty, bound
to declare their true purposes and sentiments.
Hence it was that the Senators from Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and others, had taken the ground they did
in their construction of the views of the President,
in connexion with his Message and Inaugural Ad-
dress, in which he made the declaration that our
title was clear and unquestionable. Now, if so—
if those Senators were correct—could they believe
that the President would sacrifice such rights? If
he could, he (Mr. A.) had no clear opinion of right
or wrong. If he was the guardian of a ward, and
| believed that ward had a clear title to land which
; was claimed by three other persons, he put it to
1 the common sense and honesty of the Senate if he
I would not be faithless if he yielded one-half, one-
fourlh, or any portion of that land at the claim of
dei">-o every privation, to better their condition, and j; those parties ? The President of the United States
carry out what they belie-ied to be, the policy of
Government. In 1843 the first company of emi-
grants—to use the eloquent language of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts—with ploughshares and
pruning-hooks in one hand, and weapons of de-
fence m the other, went to settle there. Since that
time emigration had increased under the operation
of the same motives, relying that the arm of the
American Government would be extended there,
and that rapidly.1 With that prospect as an induce-
ment, the stream of emigration had continued to
! increase till the present time. But,by carrying out ji
I the policy of masterly inactivity, that large stream j:
' of emigration would dwindle to a very small brook. >|
II That army of hardy and brat e pioneers, who, with j.
:: their wives and children, their herds and flocks,
I' were annually filling that territory, let it but be in- j:
|; timated that "the protection of Government was to
be withheld, and that ultimately they must become
ji British subjects, or be thrown on their own re-
!| sources, emigration would cease and that speedily. jj
II He knew itwould cease. Hence masterly inac- I,
jl tivity would no longer do. During the delivery of ji
ii the speech of the Senator from North Carolina, he !|
had declared our title to the whole of Oregon clear
and unquestionable, and that our people were going
there to insure and confirm that title. When he
made that declaration the whole of the Democratic,
and large masses of the Whig party, threw up
their caps and followed him. The announcement
was made by the Democratic presses throughout
the Union. The President made that declaration
in his Inaugural, and reiterated it three time in his
Message. At one time he says our title to Oregon
is the best in existence. Again, he says:
"With this conviction, the proposition of com-
' promise which had been made and rejected was,
' by my direction, subsequently withdrawn, and
1 our title to the whole Oregon territory asserted,
! ' and, as is believed, maintained by irrefragable
1 ' facts and arguments."
! There was no necessity for reiterating three
' times that the title was clear and unquestionable;
: but he goes further, absolutely further, than was
I anticipated. He says: . - ,
" Near a quarter of a century ago, the principle
was distinctly announced to the world, ffi the An-
nual Message of -one of my predecessors, that
