1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
can it be expected that they can give employment
liberally to mechanics? No, sir. Remove from
them the oppressions of your restrictive laws, and
give them a chance to compete unshackled in the
markets of the world, and you will at least add 10
per cent, to their 0100,000,000 of productions. You
would thus add $100,000,000 annually to their
means of rising from indigence to competence,
and, if desired, to luxury. Then would the rais-
ing of comfortable mansions and the enjoyment of
comfortable costumes by the millions of this class
of our citizens give a liberal employ ment to the in-
dustrious ingenuity of our mechanics, and vastly
increase the consumption of the manufacturers'
goods.
In conclusion, I will devote a few suggestions
more particularly to the subject under considera-
tion. To some of the views of the gentlemen from
South Carolina and Alabama upon this subject, I
dissent, as going to an extreme. But 1 do it in
greatest kindness. Tosuch doctrines, though in the
extrerrte, by counterbalancing a much more dan-
gerous extreme, I believe we owe much that re-
mains to us of our violated, mutilated Constitution.
To the views of the gentleman from Indiana, per-
mit me to say that I believe them subversive of
all our fundamental laws. To the whole bill un-
der consideration, personally, I have a favorable
feeling; but as a member of this House, I cannot
vote for the whole. Had not the rule been altered,
and had it depended upon my vote, the bill was
already lost. For much of it I am disposed to
vote now. For the modification of the tariff I
have an ardent desire; but rather than accept
either of these laws upon terms proposed by the
gentleman from Indiana, let both be lost. Sir, I
vote for no bill upon the merits of another. If I
thought a majority of this Congress were actuated
by other than such motives, I would vote in I'avor
of a resolution for its adjournment to-morrow.
With the light that the people have upon the sub-
ject, I would trust to _ them to supply our placcs
with men who will wipe from our statutes those
laws which are the sources of our oppression. A
few more years of suffering, and I much mistake
the intelligence of the people, if the influence of
sophistry docs not give place to reason; and the
laws which now oppress us, will only be remem-
bered as a blot upon our history.
Mr. JOHN" A. ROCKWELL then obtained the
floor. It was not his intention, he said, to follow
the course of the gentleman who had just taken his
seat. At a proper time, and when the subject came
properly before the House, it would be an easy
matter, he thought, to answer the suggestions made
by that gentleman. All that ho (Mr. R.) pro-
posed now to do, was to throw out a few ideas in
regard to the general subject of internal improve-
ments, and to the expediency and propriety of an
amendment, which he proponed to have read, and
to offer when it should be m order. _
Mr. R. examined the various appropriations m
the bill, to show that no especial favor had been
shown to the North and East in the apportionment
of these appropriations; and that so far as the
amount of money for the seaboard in the North
was concerned, the preponderance had been given
to the South. , .
When the bill had first conic up some objections
had occurred to his mind, not so strong, however,
as to prevent his voting m its favor, unless it as-
sumed a much Worse form than that which it now
took. One of these objections was this : where
would be " the money in the treasury not other-
wise appropriated" out of which the means to car-
ry out the objects of this bill were to come from, if
certain measures now in contemplation were to lie
carried out ? For he verily believed that if the tarifl
bill, the sub-treasury bill, and the bill to establish
a warehousing system became laws, there would
riot be money enough to meet, the other expenses
of the Government. Very far from it.
Mr. R. then proceeded toon examination of the
constitutional objection to this bill, so fat as it ap-
plied to the distinction drawn between improve-
ments for harbors on the seaboard, and for harbors
on rivers and lakes. He argued that the distinc-
tion was unfounded, he would not say absurd, be-
cause intelligent gentlemen on this floor had sus-
tained and advocated it. And lie entered into some
interesting statistics, showing the importance of
our domestic, as in comparison with our foreign,
commerce. In view of these facta, it seemed to
liim that the idea of drawing a distinction between
foreign and domestic commerce was entirely with-
out foundation; and that neither the words of the
Constitution itself, nor sound policy, would sanc-
tion such a distinction. And he dwelt on the im-
portance of our coasting and whale fishery as a
nursery for seamen, on whom reliance could be
placed in time of war.
He believed that the only rule of action in these
appropriations should be, was the work proposed
to he done national in its character, and was it of
such importance as to justify the expenditure of
the money ? If so, and we had the money to spend,
he would give his cordial vote for every object of
appropriation of that kind, whether asked for by
the East or the West, the North or the South. He
would make no sectional distinctions. He would
not inquire whether the location of the object pro-
posed to be improved was above a port of entry,
or below a port of entry, nor whether it was upon
salt water or upon fresh water.
Mr. R. explained briefly the object of the amend-
ment he intended to offer, and urged, upon official
documents, and by reference to the extent of the
commerce interested, the claims which it had upon
the favorable consideration of the committee.
The amendment is in the following words:
"For the improvement of the river Thames, in
the State of Connecticut, $10,000."
Mr. W. HUNT made a few remarks in expla-
nation of the following amendment, which he de-
signed, when in order, to offer to the bill:
4< For the improvement of the harbor at Eighteen-
mile creek, on Lake Ontmio, $5,000."
He then adverted brielly to the question of the
constitutional power of Congress to make these
improvements, insisting not only upon the exist-
ence of this beneficial power, but upon the pro-
priety of so exercising it as to curry out the great
designs of those who framed the instrument; and
he concluded with a few words in support and vin-
dication of the. appropriation contained in the bill
for the improvement of the Hudson river.
Mr. AVINTHROP congratulated the Ilouse and
the country, that after so long an agitation of other
| subjects, they had finally got back to the considera-
j tion of the domestic interests of the country. After
; passing over many preliminaiy topics, lie proceed-
j od to an examination of the question immediately
before the committer, examining it first in its con-
stitutional view, maintaining the power of Con-
gress over these works of internal improvement
under the clause of the Constitution granting the
power to regulate commerce, and under other
clauses, and fortifying his position by reference to
the views of the framers of the Constitution, and
to the precedents of the action of previous Con-
gresses—especially of the first Congress—upon this
subject. Mr, W. took a wide range of discussion,
tracing the history of the system of internal im-
| provoments, and its connexion with the politics of
i the country, replying to positions taken by Messrs.
! Uhktt and Paw*:, and to other objections that
' had been raised against the bill. In conclusion, he
j devoted a few remarks to the necessity of the im-
i provement of Boston harbor, urging its national
I importance in a commercial view,and defending it
^ on constitutional gimmds.
I The committte finding itself without a quorum,
! rose and reported that fact to the House.
| On motion of Mr. MKTJyLIjANI), it was rc-
j solved, that when the House, it adjourn to meet at
i eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.
j The SPEAKER was proceeding to announce
1 the unfinished business, being reports from com-
! mittees; when
! Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, on lea^cgiven, pre-
I sented the memoiial of the Legislature of Missis-
1 sippi, asking for a grant of land for the, use of
schools equal to that of which the State had been
I deprived by Choctaw Indian reservations; which
; was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
; Mr. IHIODIIEA D asked leave to make a report.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, .March 13, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday waa read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the first business of
the morning hour to be the report made yesterday
, on the subject of the value of certain coins.
:j On the suggestion of Mr. TIBBATTS, there-
ii port was informally laid over.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GORDON rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
And leave having been granted,
Mr. G. said: It will be recollected, Mr. Speaker,
that on the JOth instant I made a speech on the bill
making appropriation for the improvement of har-
bors and rivers. In the course Of my remarks, I
made some allusion to Oregon, and I find in the
New York ££ Herald," of the 12th instant, the fol-
lowing statement in regard to what 1 said on that
subject:
"Even Gorpon, of Now York, to-day, in the Honcp}said
he would not surrender an inch south of 49°; a month ago
he would have considered it a sale of the national honor to
have yielded a hair's breadth south of 54° 40'."
Now (continued Mr. G.) I said no such thing.
On the contrary, I distinctly asserted that I plant-
ed myself on 54° 40'; and to disprove this state-
ment in the " Herald," to back my assertion, I
will read from the "Baltimore Sun," published
on the 11th instant, the day after the delivery of
the speech:
" Mr. Faiun, of Ohio, made some very pertinent remarks,
and was followed by Mr. Gordon, of New York. He open-
ed with harbors and rivcis; got into Oregon up to 54° 40'}
arraigned Mr. Polk and his Cabinet for not urging our claims;
and wound up with giving, in the most desultory manner,
the lights and shadows oi fiee trade."
Mr. G. continued: I will also read from the Co-
lumbian Fountain as to what I said about Oregon.
After adverting to the fact that I had stated that
our title to 54° 40' was clear and unquestionable,
the paper says:
" ffe denounced the idea that we should barter away our
eternal nehts in territorial sovereignty for a favorable boon
l'rom England's magnanimity, in the opening of her ports to
our productions, when, after she had obtained a title from
us, which would be the only title she ever held, she might
close her port4?, and cheat and laugh at us."
I will now read from the Union the sketch there
given of this portion of my remarks. It is in the
following words:
It hail been stated that we were to purchase free trade in
the ports of Givat Nrirain for our grain and breadstuff's by
the surrender of hall of the temtory of Oiegon, and a in-
duction of our own tanil. lie did not believe that our poli-
cy *hould he regulated or gownicd by rhe policy oi Gieat
Butam in any respect; that our ju«t in*ht«  in Oregon were
to be maintained at every hazaid, and our tariff modified
without any regard to what Great Britain might do with
hei own tariff. If we should cede the one-half of Oregon
as tho equivalent for the leduetion of the tauff, she might
turn round and rafce her duties, and would do s.o undoubt-
edly, and shut her ports against the entiance of our bread-
stuffs whenever it might suit her interes>u.^
Mr. G. continued: And I will now quote the
" Herald " against itself. The report in that paper
of what I said, is as follows:
"Mr. Gordon protested against any appropriations, di-
rectly or indirectly, for the consttuction of roads and canals,
or for tho improvement of riveis that do not come withm
the law that is universally recognised as public rivers—as
anus of the sea, and where the tide ebbs and flows. In the
eouise of Ins remark*, he spoke of Oiegon. Our title was
good to «Vi<J 10', mid under no circumstances could it he t-ur-
rcmlered. f A voice- "Good !''J He would not anticipate
the action of the Executive branch ; hut this he would say,
if the> concluded a heat) for an) thing le«s than 54* 40', he
would amugn them before the b;u oi public opinion. He
\\ ent for our whole rights in Oregon, whether England tink-
eied with her tariff or not. Suppose we gave above 49° for
the pnvilege of sending our bieadstuflt" into her poitw: the
next day she might run up her tanft' of duties again. We
would thus he beguiled and cheated."
Now, (resumed Mr. G.,) I have no fault to find
with the report. But if gentlemen desire to under-
stand what my opinions are, I refer them to my
recent speech on tho Oregon question, aspublished
in the Appendix to the Congressional Globe. In
addition to what I said in that speech, I will now
ask, who doubts the validity of the Spanish title to
the whole of Vancouver's Island? I ask, who
doubts that Spain discovered and occupied the
Island of Vancouver, and that she never surren-
i dered it, nor one inch of it, to Great Britain ?
Whatever title Spain had to that island she sold to
the United States. Now, the Island of Vancouver
is as important to the Pacific coast as the island of
Great Britain is to the coast of Europe; and nearly
all of this is above 49 degrees, who thinks of
surrendering that island ? 
The SPEAKER here interposed, on the ground
that this course of remark was not pertinent to the
matter of a personal explanation.
Mr. GORDON. I have said all I have to say.
Mr. ROBERTS, by leave, presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi
, praying that alternate sections of public land alon°-
; the Homochitto nver may be granted to the count
